I can hear you
to actually do too, so let me know if you have any problems here. Seeing me
nice to meet you. I'm gabby.
Yeah, I have my dog with me too. She's her name's two scoops. Kind of an odd name, but she's an odd dog. Oh
goodness. How's your day? Mhm.
It's all right. Pretty pretty lucky so far.
I'm a single mom, so I'm waiting to start a new job here in a couple weeks so for enjoying the the extra time and sleeping and shit so. Mhm.
Yeah, born partly raised um and
No good state.
Um I am going back to, I worked at facebook for a couple of years um and so I'm going back, but just to do like a different
job.
So it will be
It's a it's a fun place to work. It's a good place. Good money and if you
do like all day long, so
save some money that way. What
about you?
Where are you going for? What's your major
smarty?
I just have one. I have a seven year old daughter.
Mhm. Yeah it's a good age. It's a yeah
well it's a little bit of an attitude but you know I can't expect anything less. But she's still,
she has like she has to like go into a zoom meeting every morning and you know she's in first grade so it's not like anything crazy. They just read a couple books and count some things and then sign off. But yeah it's been kind of weird having to like try to like home schooler and stuff. I'm like not meant for this life. Yeah.
Yes, it's crazy. Are you? I guess they they stopped doing classes at college too.
how do you have to take tests to like how do they do that?
Mhm. As it you see
what?
I try to be like creative and artistic and so I I try to you know create things in pain. I usually just end up making a mess and then you know, but I'm getting better at it I guess. Um Yeah right now I've just started messing around with like creating um
like things out of resin which is like the,
I don't really know how to describe it really. But um no it's pretty fun. It's just something I'm just like you know dipping my feet into and see how it goes from there. But besides that I like to like back before all this crazy stuff happened. I'd like to go like karaoke with my sister friends and um just hang out and I don't know, I'm pretty. Pretty Basic. Really?
How about you?
What's your favorite thing to bake?
Nice.
Mm That sounds good. Do you have a big family or do
Mhm.
it's
actually one of the good days because you know well you know texas, it can get really really hot so it kind of trying to get hot there for a couple of days, but now it's like nice and windy outside and kind of looks like it's about to rain but it's not actually going to rain so it's like nice and clouded and so on. I'm enjoying it.
Austin
Yeah, I'm from like I'm originally from East texas, like up in Tyler, you know Longview area, but I've lived here for like 10 years now, so
you're not missing much. Really? Uh huh.
what time if
you don't mind me
asking?
Oh cool, that's where my my brother and his wife they live there right now because his wife finishing up school and he's already finished. So yeah, there they're
over there. I went there one time for his graduation and I don't know, it was like really quiet for some reason. I thought it was like, you know, it's gonna be like fucking party like the whole time I was over there, but it's pretty quiet. I was like, okay,
makes sense.
I mean if I was going to have to guess, I would say that there would be, you know, just by like,
I mean from open here over here in Austin like everything is already started to like open back up and like traffic is back and so it's like it feels like it's going to go back to normal, you're pretty soon.
Thanks
their fingers crossed for you for your football season.
Yeah, I think what we're fine with just one wave and then we can just we can just call it call it done.
Yeah. Are we supposed to really talk about anything in particular in this or
it's
just
I like reading things like three times just like where is like this subject or like where we're supposed to ask each other questions, are there like written down? I'm supposed to take notes like it
was like nothing about so I guess we're just kitchen,
how's the weather over there?
Yes, same here. Mm mhm
Like uh like in theaters are just like in general like on
tv.
Uh huh It was called the Babysitter's, It was on amazon prime. It was actually not too shabby of a movie. It was about like some some girl who like starts a business for like I guess you could call them call girls but they were under disguised as like Gangsters. Uh Sounds really really bad, like it's
like the movie itself was um it wasn't like raunchy or anything, it was pretty well well written so it surprised me.
Yeah it had good reviews and I was like I have read the like the you know summary or analysis or I don't even notice but anyways I read what it was about and I was like that sounds like really familiar, I wonder if I've seen it. So I put it is like something I could like fall asleep too and like I thought oh if I've seen it, whatever I want really won't catch my attention but I literally stayed up thing and now yes. Yeah what about you?
nice, like rewatching or just watching for the first
time?
that's cool, that's cool. My brother, my youngest brother, he his birthday's on christmas eve so like every year on christmas eve our whole family will go and see a movie in theaters and so like when the Lord of the Rings were coming out they were coming out like right around christmas time so like that was a tradition for a little bit was like to go see every like Lord of the Rings and and then it was like The Hobbit and all that, they're good memories, you're gonna please President.
Yeah they're really easy to like to just like watch over and over and over and over and that is like Star Wars like the older Star Wars I mean the newer Star Wars are just there but mhm
Right I know I see I haven't done that, I haven't started like started like I guess from the beginning and then just like gone all the way through. Like, I don't know how, I don't really know how I'd like that, but I love like the older ones I was raised on my love, the older ones. Um They're fun.
Yeah. Some of the newer, newer ones, like the ones I've come out within the past four years I like. Um but it's just like
there's like this really awkward, like
this is really awkward stage of Star Wars where it's like there just wasn't having it.
I don't know. I'm like, I guess like, I don't know, I was like really like crying the whole time or like trying not to and I was like, why is this happening to me? Like I'm not even an emotional
person like this is weird. Yeah.
Did
really bad. I don't like, I don't even like, I don't even watch commercials anymore because I'm like, I get embarrassed because of how like I get so choked up and sometimes it's not even like the animal once. It's just like, you know, I don't know. I can't even remember one that was just like, hadn't made no sense. It was not about like her animals or anything because I don't make anybody cry really. But like, and I'm just sitting there getting all choked up and like, this is fucking embarrassing. Like, wow. Mhm.
My dog's lying by the door. Probably like, oh my God, let me out. You're like talking.
She's like a terrier mix. She looks like um, Toto from was your boss. Like, you know, salt and pepper color and fluffy small and powder for a long time. So she was just pretty old and she's like 11 years old now. Yeah look again, she's stuck again.
Yeah, boxers are boxers are good dogs. Mhm.
So what kind of music deals to like what's on your playlists?
bit of everything. Yeah
kind of the same here minus the heavy metal and the um that
was like one of
a couple of genres that I couldn't really get into. Like like hardcore, you know like enough to like download their music and stuff like that. Like don't hate any genre music but so pretty much just like yeah like country, jazz, um contemporary, little bit pop, very little bit of pop here and there and then like you know rap like I love I love me some rap, I don't know why but.
Oh man, that's really hard. So
so like for rap for sure.
Uh
Little baby kevin Gates um
Doris Day Sean um
I used to like NBA Young Boy but his latest album kind of just like threw me off of him. Um
and then now there's like duh baby, there's a little baby now the baby and I like so um
yeah and I just like came across uh somebody who had never heard before and it's like it has like a weird name. Hold on, it's like what? Hold on. See planning. Mhm, mm hmm. Oh
I love me some eminent Amany or am and I'm not sure how to pronounce uh pronounce his name, but he sings Caroline or your raps Carolina. Where are you? Love me some juice world. But he's more like I don't think he's wrapped is more like Imo like female rap. Probably. Uh
Yes. Yeah.
Mhm. Memo? The Mafioso? Yes, I've literally never heard of him but his shit goes really hard.
It's
not Yeah. Anyway I was like it's a weird name but he has some good songs out.
What
about you?
Oh wait I already asked you started that. No
I asked you and then you answered and then I answered so Yeah.
he has, he throws good concerts because I saw him at the post office
and it was a bomb.
Dude, that's a good one. I have a ton of James smith on my playlist and like
yeah that's a good one.
remember like having to google to be like wait is this like jaden smith as in like will smith jay because like this is going too hard for this to be will smith like and like sure enough I was like what? That's pretty Yeah.
Have you gone to any like concerts or anything like that or any music festivals or?
No.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, I think I have like one year where I went to like so many concerts and it was just that one here, haven't been back to any concert like since then it was also
like the same year I got like all 44 or five of my tattoos haven't gotten one since like, I don't know what what that what was about that year, but it was like concerts isn't that
is
it? But I went and saw I saw postponed twice because he's my ultimate favorite supposed um And then I saw kevin Gates uh and young blue once in Dallas and then me and my best friend went to Baltimore, like randomly flew up to Baltimore in like december of that year, whatever year it was, I can't remember. And we saw it was like a whole kind of like concert
that featured like kevin Gates NBA young boy, little baby money baggio and like some
other person I can't remember but like that was that was pretty fun too, but that's it for me. Uh huh.
I
want
I
want I plan on going you know again? But yeah. Money
and shit. So incorrect.
so I'm like definitely afraid of needles, like I'm the person who still cries whenever I have to go to the doctor and get a shot. Like I hate it so much, I literally I hate them so I don't have my ears pierced like anything. Um But
my best friend, like she had come down from my birth, she had come down for my birthday um for like uh you know the post one concert or some shit, I don't remember. But so she paid for it and um kind of like made me have to go do it because she already she already had a couple. And but it didn't actually hurt as bad as I thought it would. Like I didn't cry. Mm I would like I would pick get a tattoo over a shot any day,
even though shots, like it's just more of like a scratching feeling, you know? I don't know. It didn't. I mean there's like certain parts that like hurt really
bad. Like this one right here, it says music but like they hit this bone. You can't they hit this bone right here. Oh girl,
I don't like
I'm surprised I didn't like, like she didn't like mess up and like, you know, make a huge line or something. Because I like jerked back because it hurts like I could feel it in like down to my toes. Like, it just vibrated. Like, my whole body hurt. Um that and then, like, this, like,
soft spot right here by your l not Yeah, I guess on the inside of your elbow, like, that part hurt really bad.
What was that like? Um They didn't really hurt. Like I would, I would definitely do want to get more, but all of mine are literally on my forearms. Like, I haven't branched out because like, I know kind of like how a tattoo feels now on this area of my body. So like, to branch somewhere else is like, a huge, like, now I'm all freaked out about that because
I'm like,
I don't know, it's a weird thing. You don't have any tattoos.
Yeah. All of mine were like, my first one that I got was like, my daughter's birthday in like, roman numeral. So I'm like, that was like a no brainer is like easy because you know, it's like birthday isn't ever going to like not mean anything to me. So the numeral. So um
that's like, it's hard to, it's hard to pick sometimes.
Yeah. It's just it well if you get any on your forearms, it doesn't hurt. Like it's really just like a deep scratching. Yeah.
Mm hmm. Like literally like hell. Like if any, like it's like if I had to go and live through like my own personal hell, it would be literally me having to get a shot all the time. Like I swear
I can't stand mm like that. And getting my fingerprints like that. You know how like when they
get
your blood for like whatever. You know? And they're just like, oh, it's just a little finger prick. And I'm like, that's not a little finger prick. Like, like you've already like a whole thing. Like I can't even in my mind like I'm not like, I'm envisioning it right now. And I just see like the thing like hitting my finger bone because I don't have like, I don't know. So I get freaked out with those two doctors. Like your blood pressure is like really high right now. I'm like, I'm like, really nervous about this finger pricks. Don't worry about the blood pressure right now. Okay. Not a true reading. Mm
Yeah.
Okay,
bucket list. Um You yeah, get a new car because
I,
I'm just recently like totaled
my
car that I've had for years and years and years. So I've been Carlos and I hate being Carlos. So get a new car. And I guess probably like, I guess all of this could be combined
into one thing. It's just like be more uh financially set as far as me and my daughter go, like start being able to save some for her college or whatever she wants to do whenever she gets older like you know have a
house and you know instead of apartments and you know have my car and you know have my dog all set up because she's old and I'm probably gonna start you know, given your old dog treatments and stuff like that, I don't know, but so I guess just you know, bucket list is just being more like financially like stable. Um I also want to and I plan to somehow meet post Malone one day. Um Like I've just been a thing because like somebody like kinda new like house s I was and then like told me that like I was gonna get to meet him the last time he came to Austin and that they already had the tickets for me and this and that totally got my hopes up and then like it didn't happen and so now I'm like well you know what now I'm going to make it happen, I'm gonna fucking me posting on monday even if it's just like he only signs my right to me, I don't give a fuck like you know what I mean? Like I'm going to be the motherfucker so that um and then I want to go back so like I was born in east texas but I was raised over in europe and Romania so I want to go back there like as soon as possible um Just to see the mountains again and breathe the european air and all the cigarette smoke that it smells like and I don't know just like I have a really good memories of that place I just wanna go back and visit is like an adult and take my daughter ah
three and then I guess
bucket list also would be to like, so like I've done, I do karaoke, karaoke is so easy to me now like it's very very easy but I eventually want to get brave enough to do like a open mic you know and like just like doing my originals or like you know do something with acoustic maybe not original, maybe just acoustic version of a song that you know, I don't know just something different besides karaoke. Uh mhm.
Yeah, nerve wracking for sure.
But yeah. What are yours? Yeah.
Yeah, that's a hard
pass.
Right. Yeah.
are good are good.
Um
So like you want to write a book, does that mean that you read a lot of books? Like do you
read a lot
of chicken or?
Yeah. Cool. Mm hmm.
I was like looking around for time or something and I was like, damn, are we supposed to time in this ourselves? Because like I, well for one, I'm not timing it. So if that
was supposed to be something that we do on our own, I didn't know that. Simple.
Okay. That's something or 22 and I got on like 3
47 8 48. I can't do math right now. I'm just whenever you give it, okay. I trust you. I'm because
did we go over, are we overachievers? Uh huh.
So like funny story, like I was staying at home more. Um but like whenever my daughter goes to her dad's house and I have like the two or three days to myself, like let's believe I'm not going to be at home, you know, So I have been, you know, getting out, not going to any anywhere where there's like a whole bunch of people are thinking that I always like to hang out with the same people every weekend, so I don't like same household but not really, but so I just, I feel like like it really, I didn't really adhere to the stay at home thing.
But yeah, my daughter really, really wants to go to the mall. It's like, I think it either has opened up now or it's about to open up and she's super stoked. So I will probably be doing that with her next week because she's about to go to her dad's. But yeah, probably doing that with her and then like hopefully the bar once the bar is open, like I don't like go a lot but I used to go at least once a week just to karaoke. I don't know, I don't drink but like once the bars I'll back up I'll be I'll be going for sure and we're singing like 10 songs in the night. I don't care. Uh huh. Yeah.
Are you
all still
have you are you also under the like stay at home orders or quarantine or like No.
hopeful. Mm hmm.
Well I think so. I think it was said that we had to have a 25 minute conversation right? I'm pretty sure we did that.
Like I'm not trying to be rude and be like but
like I have enjoyed it ever. Maybe this conversation will help them with whatever they're researching. But you know if not in the way it was a pleasure.
You to be safe.