Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Hey an actual person
I'm doing
well.
How
are
you? Oh
I do, I do. And
you?
Same.
I think
so.
All
My name is Jack and yours?
meet you Gina.
How
are you
today?
Rhode island.
it is.
So so I've tried
to do this thing like three Other times and every time it fails. Have you?
Whatever.
So so the person showed up the last three times for you?
What?
Or
or
And you
I'm up at five. I usually go for a bike ride around the city. Uh and then I uh started working a little bit and then I started working my regular job at 8:30 PM.
A city next to problems anyways.
Uh to be like 5 10 mi. Not not too much, it depends on the day, like on the weekend I'll go for Like a 40 mile ride, but during the weekday I just go for a quick ride to clear my head.
Yeah,
you
mean
thanks.
I kind of have to it's not it's not because I want to uh because because otherwise I'll have back pain so I need to stay busy or my back hurt, so uh lights kind of forced me into this. Yeah.
I was
no, just back pain. Uh uh it started with maybe two years ago, I started to do like desk job and uh you know we're doing Turkey and things like doing work like this. I sit way too much for way
too long.
Yeah.
No no I just, you know in this modern world in order to make money, I find myself sitting in front of a computer for way too long every day. So I got you know the only thing that seems to alleviate that is exercising and doing yoga and do yoga as much as I can. Uh Just gotta move around, I don't move around by the end of the day, I'm like in agony working in agony, like like ready to not do this anymore, that bad, so I just stay active,
I
just have a data from 8:30-4. Um But I like to make more money so I'm always hustling so I'll do anything out of the south stuff on craigslist. I'll do work on amazon Mturk, I'll work on prolific. There's a few other websites, things like that. Anything to make a few extra bucks. Uh huh.
way worse than prolific. Um Yes. Yeah, I mean it's pretty hard I think to even get on now. They reject a lot of people when you apply. Um You kinda gotta get better with like coding. It's not not coding but you have to like install web extensions on your browser to kind of help enhance it because if you just work on the website straight face value, you're not going to make a lot of money, you're going to work really hard. Um But once you have the technology and the stuff in the browser that kind of searches through the task and picks the better paying to ask. So you can kind of you can roll through the requesters and see who makes shitty surveys and who makes well paying and you just focus on the well paying ones and It makes I don't know 5 to 10 a day. On a good day. Maybe 10.20. Uh you know maybe more than 20.
got it.
No, I think, I mean if you're doing stuff like this, I think you should definitely be doing mturk. Um You should look up like Reddit is a good website. Reddit and the like you can look, you know, like google enter how to make money more efficiently, stuff like that and uh it'll explain everything I said probably a lot better than I just did.
Yeah. I mean it's kind of morphing into like you can do like instant message now on it too. I think it's going to be like an up and coming website. I mean at least as far as good information, that's the best website out there, I think. I mean in terms of a lot of different things.
No,
yes. You know like, you know anything you want to like, if you want to do something better, you just google it and then by tomorrow you'll probably be a little bit more efficient. Right,
to be uh I set up an automatic Are you still there? Okay.
Yeah, everything's good.
I set up automatic payments goes right to my bank account every three days. Uh So it's this constant steady stream of like income.
It's just amazon.
Amazon owns everything. Right? So amazon now has a banking branch. So like for a minute it goes to like amazon's Intermediate. And then, I mean it's the transfers within a day. So I mean, I don't really know where it goes in that day before it hits my bank account.
it's automatic. Yeah. You can you can you can request like amazon gift cards and things like that or you can request cash. It's just an option.
Yeah. And then every three days because you never know when a site might close down with your money in it. I mean it just happens.
Yeah less work but the works easier and quicker and more suited towards me.
What?
What
same here?
uh I work at the Department of Human Services I get people food stamps health insurance things like that.
Uh Yeah it's been a long day. Um I've been in that kind of feel for about 10 years and this is a good relaxing desk job so I like it.
sorry to hear that.
you know
What mm
What
I'll,
All
so let's say maybe if you could work from home would that have like maybe you've been a little easier?
No.
Yeah.
Are you going to collect social security at the same time? Be careful about under the under uh be careful about that you're getting under you know unreported income. They'll they'll screw you over bad they will take money back. You Um
you
can report
you
can make up to
without you can make up to $1,000 I believe and it shouldn't affect your
water. Right.
yep yep.
Yeah. Do you have someone like a social worker that could kind of help you with them? Because I mean that agency is just terrible to deal with for anybody. Um
Hollywood
Yeah I mean I know every state is different but I know in Rhode Island there's an exception where you can make up to 1000, you
know?
but
they
are
But they are going to review it. So basically what happens, I mean I mean I don't think 200 a month would offset, but the worst case that I'm not a social security guy, I don't want to say the wrong thing. But I imagine the worst that could happen is they're going to take out a little bit of your check. But you know to make the amount that you know you make should be higher than the check. But the worst that could happen is maybe one month reduce a little bit of the benefit because you made more. But they
should
I
would be that's a scary thing. We're going to review
your
check.
What?
Who?
shoot
Yeah. I mean it's kind of it becomes self employment, right? I mean at some point you just have to keep a record of all that's coming in. I mean with food stamps, right? If you tell me you're making a little bit more money, I'm going to come, I'm gonna find out. You need to tell me how much like especially the self employed people, you can tell me it's only $25 that's on you. Right? I mean the records around you. But you need to keep a record because whether it's the Department of Human Services or whether it's the tax man, we want to know how much you made a month. I mean it's just how it goes. So I would just keep a written record. But I can imagine how that's very stressful. Mhm. That's gonna
be tough.
I've
got
I've got one job I've worked since I was about 10. I
should have enough
money to stop working soon. Oh I
don't know.
I got to I've got one job one day job and
then
I
just. Yeah. Yeah. and uh I've been working since I was about 10 and I saved my money so I'm hoping to be done working about a year or two.
Well retire in the sense not working uh full time. 35 hours, something like 10, 15, 20 hours. A relative of mine just got diagnosed with a terminal illness. So it kind of makes
life
hey
Larry.
No, no, it's it's an uncle that's an uncle and maybe it's not
terminal. But it could be, it just looks really
bad
now.
it happens is what it is. Um
Don't know Because you could get sick at any time. So why work? I spent my whole life work and like I said I've worked since I was 10. I spent a lot of my life working. So in the end I don't want to be looking back on a life full of work and not a life full of living
Paying off my mortgage in the year two and then a lot of hype in a lot of traveling and then figuring out what I want to do with the rest of it.
Oh no I see you. Uh This has.
I see.
No I haven't touched it. I see myself. I see you. I'm good. I see myself very well. I'm pretty right. But so so what do we have two more minutes on this now? Well
I can see you and I can see myself so I I think we're out.
Thank you.
Yeah I agree.
I'm
not
going on.
I agree. Yeah. A lot of people retire if you don't have a plan. Uh It doesn't work out. Well
I'm
I've got a good deal of money. Once I pay off my mortgage. It's just a matter of keeping my day job. My day job comes with health insurance, pension. I've already I already know how much I would get social security. It would already be enough to cover everything and then some So it would be more of a battle to make it to 62. And I'm always gonna work. I'm just not gonna work full time
planet.
I don't like having to I'm up at five regardless, right? I'm gonna be up to five and I'm gonna work till eight. That's just me. But I'd rather work on what I want to do then have a boss, tell me what to do.
33.
I thank you.
I really
enjoyed
talking
to you.
Okay, well, this was the only one and I'm glad I got to have it. I hope you have a great day.
Let's see. Um it's been more than 25 minutes. Right,
well, let me go read the directions real quick. I don't it's probably gonna take me off the screen. I don't know. Uh Do not move on to the next page until you have opened the video channel. I do not know when you can comfort when the concert or is your council conference between interrupted return to this to have and continue. Okay, So it looks like you just go back to the first page. The page that would have the link that brought you. Here. You go back. You go
back
to
that.
Yeah, it looks like it then just hit next and take it from there. Right?
You, too. It was great talking to you.