How are you doing?
So
why
am I
saying?
All right. Do you do you see yourself in a small screen in the corner?
I see
you as a large I see you as a large screen and I see myself as a small screen. Is that the way
it's supposed to be?
All
right. Great. I'm gonna I have a an android
phone and I'm going to I'm going to set my timer and harry, what is your name,
Jack? My name is Gina. It's
to meet you, Jack.
So
how
did you? I am okay. I'm in New Jersey. Where are you?
Oh, nice. Alright. So at the very, so it's the same time for you as it is for me. So it's a little early. Yes,
so it's a little early.
So
I actually have done this. This is like my 3rd time. But the last time I did it, that would
have been my fourth time and the person didn't show up.
I did it twice before, I did it twice before and people showed up, but one other
time I tried and the person didn't show up and that was a little disappointing. Um And uh yeah, it was all disappointing
and this time
I guess the only thing that sucks is that it's nine in the morning and usually I don't know what your schedule is like, but for me, I kind of like waking up and having a little bit of a like a morning routine and I'm not used to like waking up and like talking to someone at nine in the morning, but it's like they gave me, they gave me the schedule and they're like, you know, be up at nine and be ready to talk to someone, so I'm like ok, I'll do it, no problem. Um So so this is good. Um
So what do you usually do in the morning?
Oh my God, I'm not sound like a very impressive person actually. You go for a bike ride. What what city do you live in? You're in providence,
right, and how long how far do you bike?
Wow, that's really very enviable. I kind of I kind of envy because I think I'm a pretty, I think I'm a pretty sedentary person and I think that I need to get a little bit more physically active and you're gonna laugh. Uh For
me, I feel like listen if I can do A 15-20 minute walk a day,
That
would be something and you doing 5-10 miles and then doing 40. Really really impressive Jack. Like
that's really impressive. That's that's like really great.
Have you? Um I I had back surgery probably. It's you know, it's weird, I don't know what it is about me but I have a very bad memory when it comes to things that happened in my life. I know I had back surgery, but if you were to ask me like, what year did you have it?
I couldn't tell you. I want to say like in the early 2000s I blew a disk. I blew I blew a disk and it's like the majority of the disc like stayed in place. But I think the contents of the disc went out into the column and started pressing, started pressing against a nerve. And I had like numbness in my leg and I had to go and get surgery to remove that. And did you ever have back surgery or you just had back pain?
you
were doing. And when you said you said you were doing like mturk, okay, go
on. I'm sorry, I need to interrupt.
Right. So now you said your first, your first job is at 5:30 and then your second job is at 8:30 or
no.
So let me can I can you explain to me how mturk work? How does mturk pay?
So, so in other words, a person like me who does? I don't really understand a lot. Even about what you said, I just have a computer. I just have like a computer and I know I know how to fill out a survey, but that's about it. The other stuff you were talking about, like whoa, right over my head, So
maybe enteric isn't for me?
No, wait, read it isn't Reddit sort of an information website.
But you're
saying you can't make money on Reddit, You go to read it to find out information.
I mean, I guess the thing is is that I really prefer to be paid via Paypal and I heard mturk pays differently.
I'm here to stay.
All right. Go on.
No, that's fine. No, no, no. I'm totally okay with going to my bank account. I just heard the enter pays like via amazon or something and I don't I don't wanna
work.
All right. So, so long as you can so you can route it, you can route it to go to your bank.
Yeah. All right. I would definitely I would definitely want to route it. I would definitely want to route it to my bank account.
Right. So you're saying prolific for you prolific has been better than mturk.
Right, Okay. All right. Um I've been trying to do um these um what are they called? Their like uh public no, these like research things where you you have to drive to like a facility but they'll make you drink seltzer and then like comment on whether you like the seltzer or they want you to smell cat litter and tell you how the cat litter cells. But then they give you cash or they give you like a Visa card. Unfortunately.
Unfortunately it's not it's not that often, you know what I mean? So you have to like call and check in and see and where I live in New Jersey. There's not there's not that many of them where my sister lives. My sister lives in like North Jersey like near new york city. So there's a lot there's a lot more of them. And I live like in central Jersey like near the ocean. There's not there's not as much
going on
and uh you know what I mean? So um what is your what is your regular job? What do you do for me to for?
Oh, that sounds really nice.
Well, I um I recently became disabled.
I um I have bipolar disorder And to be honest, I would say like, since I was 14, every time I started a job, every time I started a job I would have these racing thoughts, overwhelming feelings of panic and dread and doom, anxiety, nightmares, feelings like I want to vomit. Um
but obviously you need to make money, you need to pay your bills, right? So I would like put up with it and I would like handle it. And
I guess I got to the point where like, dude, I wasn't able,
like, I I would basically hold down a
job for like, Maybe like two years and then I would like get I would get in a car accident because the the anxiety was like so terrible that I wouldn't be able that like, I wouldn't In other words, like I wouldn't be able to like keep it together.
And like, I would get in a car accident and then I'd end up going on like temporary disability and I get better and like, I get another job and then I threw my back out and again. So, in other words, it wasn't just it wasn't just like up here. It would end up like manifesting, it would end up like manifesting itself in my body.
Well, wait a minute. Hello? Ada did you get your keys? All right. Well, what what happened? All right. Can I call, can I call you back in like
10 minutes? Let me call you right back. All right, bye. All right.
So, um So, you know what I'm thinking? I'm thinking now if I this is like my life goal, my life goal is if I can maybe work 10 to 15 hours a week under the table and get paid via Paypal or, and the idea is like not the anxious at work and not the anxious when I'm home. That would be like a major victory for me.
I mean
to
be honest
back,
what?
Well you eat, you want to know what happened?
I found a gig and the gig was, you froze, You know, you're okay now. Um, I did this thing where, uh, it was this thing where you would basically chat on a website With other people about anything gardening, how your day was and they would pay you $50 a week. So that's nothing That's $200 a month. And I contacted, I contacted disability and I said, listen, I'm doing like, so I'm trying to do on the up and up and I'm trying to be honest and do the right thing.
And immediately, immediately they sent me a letter saying we're going to review your file to see if you're still eligible. I mean, think about the anxiety and the dread. Like immediately they're like, well maybe maybe you don't qualify for disability anymore because you're earning $50 a month or $50 a week. So, I mean, it filled me with absolute terror.
But I mean, but you can imagine like, you can get what I'm saying why,
Like, that would be absolutely terrifying. Like, I'm trying to do the right thing. I'm trying to follow the rules, and the way you thank me is by sending me a letter saying now you're going to review my file.
No,
there is a New Jersey. No, dude, in in New Jersey, there's the same exact rule. And I, I was just thinking like, okay, so I'm doing the right thing, I'm telling you, I'm earning $200 a month, which is nothing, it's something like. And you want to
talk
about
the bare minimum,
think
I just got scared. I think
I just got really, really scared.
I
felt,
I felt very, I
felt very triggered and I felt very threatened. So, so I met this, I met this woman, I met this woman and she runs this Ethiopian Dominican restaurant
And I was, I was in the Peace Corps like 20 years ago in
Ethiopia. So I'm very like attracted, I'm very attracted to like Ethiopian people and Ethiopian restaurants that I want to like practice the language even though like I barely remember the language anymore and we became friendly and I said, listen what if like once a week or twice a week I came by and I just helped you in the back and I just like cut the carrots, cut the onions. Like I measured out the french fries and she's like, well I would give you, I would give you some money and I said, well you, you give me what you think is fair. So I've been sort of going there and I give her a hug and I'm like, oh, do you need help today? And so I've been sort of doing that and it just makes me feel like I'm not useless and I'm not helpless and honestly Jack, I don't want to feel like my life is over, I don't want to feel like I'm doing nothing, you know what I mean? And but still I've been feeling a lot of anxiety even with that, even doing that, like just helping somebody. I feel a lot of anxiety and I called disability and they told me even if you're going to do something where you're working uh where you're working And doing like that $50 a week every month you have to send us a sheet of paper telling us how much you earned. And like every month I've gotta like report to them. So it's like a part time job. So it's it's just it's very stressful.
So
that's so basically you have like seven jobs and I have like I
have
half a job.
Oh you froze
froze.
So wait,
say this. So say this again. You you I said this is the last thing I heard was I have half a job and you have seven jobs and then you started talking but you froze
which
is
the human services,
you want to be like, you want to retire in a year or two?
I'm
very sorry to hear that. What
who
can I may I ask, may I ask, is it a cousin?
What
what
is it
cancer? I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
How does this relate to your story?
So what do you, what are your, what are some of your goals for yourself? What do you want to do? Like what does, what does your life look like?
That sounds great Dude, you cut out? I I don't see you.
I see, you know what I see? I see a black screen and I see wet of like like a silhouette of a man that's like a an icon of a man that's not you did you did
you maybe like on something,
yeah, basically 2.5 more minutes. I mean, I mean listen I have audio so I guess that's okay. I mean,
I mean, I listen, I would, I would prefer to see you, but I mean I can still hear you, which is good. Um, but no, honestly, Jack, I think you're a very impressive. You're back. You're back. I mean, you're a very, you're a very impressive person.
I'm like, I'm really impressed by you. Can I tell you one of my major concerns is retirement?
1
1
of my major
concerns. What
I feel
like there's like a finite amount of money. You need a set amount of money to be able to live month to month. And then as time goes by, things get more expensive and you need to, and you don't know when you're gonna die right now? Obviously what if you live to 90 you need to have a certain amount of money side. So, I mean, have you considered have you considered that
the way
you're just not gonna work full time?
Right? And may I ask how old you are,
wow dude, you're like very, I'm very impressed. That's incredible. That's incredible.
That's really great. Um So I mean, I guess the situation I'm in is that I'm just going to try to put more money aside in my four oh one K. I'm going to try to set aside more money in my four oh one K every month and you know, I'm just going to try to hope for the best and hope that I've got enough money set aside and you know, work work that way and maybe I'll look into mturk, I'm going to keep doing prolific and you know, maybe there's something else that I can do under the table, but I I take your advice seriously about, you know, telling disability what's going on and I appreciate I appreciate the I appreciate the advice and it was wonderful talking to you. I
think
we've
been talking
for. Yeah. I mean honestly, I will tell you this of all the people I've spoken with this was by far the best conversation.
So hopefully you can do this again and I don't understand. What am I supposed to do? Am I just supposed to close out?
No, it has. But I don't know if I'm supposed to like keep this open or do I just X out?
And
just
close
out.
Listen Jack, it was wonderful talking to you, enjoy the rest of your day.