SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: I am.
SPEAKER_R: how are you
SPEAKER_L: There you go.
SPEAKER_R: on this? Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I'm Stephen okay.
SPEAKER_R: Girl
SPEAKER_L: Is this carol
SPEAKER_R: Cheryl
SPEAKER_L: Cheryl? Okay. Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: good. I just woke up growing up.
SPEAKER_L: That's a good way to be. Um it's like uh 7:00 here.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm on the west coast. That's for so
SPEAKER_L: gotcha in California.
SPEAKER_R: yes I am. What
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: about you?
SPEAKER_L: there, I'm in Atlanta. So yeah, no, actually my brothers island California working on a job, he just started maybe like uh I don't know, a couple of months ago so
SPEAKER_R: And have you, have you been out to California to visit him yet?
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no, it's coronavirus going on and everything.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: like I just flew over my head completely figure out we're in the middle of a pandemic. No.
SPEAKER_L: so you said you just took a trip?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I haven't. I mean where I mean, I'm just like I completely forgot about that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he's been traveling a bit but I think he said he's going to come back for thanksgiving so that's good but we haven't really done much traveling, went to the beach this summer. Um we did that but we haven't really gone to many places recently.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I really have any there. So it just, I just completely forgot we're in the middle of a pandemic. I've just been pretty much staying at home. How are things over there in Atlanta?
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty good. I mean I work from home right now so I haven't had really do too much, so when we go out wear our masks and stuff but I only do too much, you know you get a restaurant, it's usually like off night or something, it's not like friday saturday so it's not too too busy
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah like here in in in my county it was just like a few weeks ago they just voted to reopen everything so most restaurants and or whatever like gyms and stuff have been reopened the last two weeks to full capacity and I'm just like I have not even in the restaurant yet or really bloom so I don't know, kind of skeptical.
SPEAKER_L: it's like half capacity here still. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh it is. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean everything is open but like the restaurants they have like half the tables like ripped off, remember? So um if you want to go like on a friday or saturday or sometimes that like you have a long time just it's like only half the seating or less or whatever so we usually just take stuff to go or get stuff delivered or whatever so too bad or not but I
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: was.
SPEAKER_R: being that out like, like we went from like only outdoor dining or take out to just full on capacity. So I don't know how that happened. Just there was no like medium
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's crazy. I would be I'm surprised it's all opened up there especially
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: it's like you think California,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: California is like the cautious state.
SPEAKER_R: can't speak for other counties,
SPEAKER_L: What county here again?
SPEAKER_R: riverside county
SPEAKER_L: No, I don't know
SPEAKER_R: burke
SPEAKER_L: I probably I probably only know the big ones I guess.
SPEAKER_R: about like an hour east of Philly. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Gosh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think um my
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: brother I think you said it's um I forget what he said it was I think I think it's like a little bit north ability. Um Forget what what city it's near. Look it up I guess. But let's see what he told me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm originally from like like about an hour north of L. A. In ventura um completely
SPEAKER_L: It might be would be venture. Let me see what what what it is. It's um I forget.
SPEAKER_R: North of L. A. Would be like ventura, santa, barbara san luis Obispo unless it's like really north of like san Francisco. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm trying to see um I can find it but venture sounds familiar.
SPEAKER_R: have you been up to California?
SPEAKER_L: No I haven't really been uh that much um been to the airport that's about it, flying flying different places. Um So I haven't really been to California really. I might have to go sometimes. It is it nice out there? I guess the weather is nice.
SPEAKER_R: Weather is nice. Yeah. I definitely think it's about 70 and I were still in the 70's. I still sleep people at the beach.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's great. Yeah, he's in so he's in ventura.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I've been sure. Yeah, yeah
SPEAKER_R: crazy. What is he doing here in Madeira?
SPEAKER_L: um he went he went to schools and engineer, so he's working
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: a super charter company, it's called Magnuson superchargers. So
SPEAKER_R: what is it going to please a supercharger company?
SPEAKER_L: um it's like uh I guess you're running the cars, it's like uh you put you put on your car it makes it go faster, it's like aftermarket like part it's kind of like kind of like a turbocharger but works a little differently. But yeah, I mean it's it's like he's a mechanical engineer so you can have to be like a uh get a math and all that to deal with that I guess. So yeah, he's pretty smart like that. But
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: um yeah, that's cool. So you grew up in ventura?
SPEAKER_R: I did yeah I love it here. It's a great place to be right on the beach
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he said it's around the beaches like uh I think a beach bungalow, I think it's like a little older or something but still like kind of jealous being out
SPEAKER_R: systems
SPEAKER_L: there, it
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: sounds
SPEAKER_R: engines
SPEAKER_L: really nice, you know?
SPEAKER_R: definitely. I mean if he's supposed to be out there for a while you definitely need to go out and visit ventura.
SPEAKER_L: Yes you can check it out. I mean I think hopefully maybe like uh well about that a little while and maybe next year I can make a trip out there I think but then hopefully will be safe to travel or feel comfortable on the plane or whatever. Put.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully. I mean like I did here like like Fauci saying that there there was another another vaccine that was supposed to be um the like had a pretty good results and um ready to go out and by the end of the month by the end of the year. So I don't know, I just want the pandemic to be over. I want to go out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah are you uh an introvert or an extrovert?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I don't I don't really think I'm an extrovert. I think I'm more introverted, but I don't know, I guess I'm I'm feeling pretty chatty today.
SPEAKER_L: So it doesn't it doesn't bother you to be kicked up then maybe even if you're an introvert and you don't need to be okay staying at home if you're an extra where you wanna go out and then uh try, it bothers
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: anyone.
SPEAKER_R: I mean like I really haven't been out at all since february. No, March, it was March, March. I haven't been out since March,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so I'm just like
SPEAKER_L: don't believe it. Like how did he survive? Just like get everything delivered or?
SPEAKER_R: pretty much
SPEAKER_L: So I guess like uh you can get everything online now so.
SPEAKER_R: literally you can get everything. There's so many apps to do everything and a lot of these delivery apps are doing it free like deliveries. Yeah. There's always, I always feel like promo codes for like shopping, you know, like they have like, you know, have, have you heard of shipped an instant car? They do like your groceries and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've done I've done it's a cart um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Currently doing I haven't done shipped but everything doing the Uber eats I guess. Um That that's pretty good. You can get a lot of restaurants do that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's, it's pretty good until I've used a grubhub and door to hash and
SPEAKER_L: you must have been that much so it's like a lot. Yeah I mean like that's that's a move been going up there I think but I mean I think you know like you know delivery is good like um but we did like the pick up where you go to the store and then they put it in your car so that works pretty well too. But then you still you still have to like drive somewhere so it's not as good as maybe getting delivered. But um where we are like a lot of times like you couldn't get deliveries for a while like when it first started like amazon and stuff is like all the slots were filled up and everything so you can like get a get a time slot now, it's pretty easy to get a time slot for awhile. I was like kind of challenging.
SPEAKER_R: Amazon delivers food? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's like there's this thing called amazon now and like it as like grocery and the like even bringing like whole foods stuff. Um I don't know if it's everywhere but it's in it's in our area at least but you can get like your grocery store amazon. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I had no. Is that just whole foods or is it?
SPEAKER_L: It's like amazon and whole foods like some of the stuff comes from, hopefully some of the stuff comes from amazon, it just kinda depends what it is. But it's pretty it's pretty good but like we we have been doing it just to like supplement stuff like you forget how we need to buy this or whatever and then like that was good because it saves a trip of the store, like you might still go make your normal run to the store whatever, but like you need something, it's a convenient way of getting it, but like when all this happened like they all the time slots filled up and you couldn't get the deliveries for like a couple of months I think now it's back but um you know it's just like using it and I guess they wanted so many delivered people so it just fills up.
SPEAKER_R: wow, I'd have to, I have to look into that then amazon now. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you can try uh try and see if it's in your, I assume they have everything in California but I don't know. Okay
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm sure, I just, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: they got to have you guys have more than that we have here in Atlanta I'm sure, but
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: pretty good. So you do a lot of these uh prolific
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: things, or is this your first one?
SPEAKER_R: um this is actually my second conversation one, but I have been using prolific for a while now. Oh, what
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: about you?
SPEAKER_L: Um I started doing it um it was probably like, I don't know, and probably like in May or something like that, like in terms of prolific, like I was just looking at things to do was at home like during all this and like it seems like you want to make some extra money. So um been doing it like I've done a couple of these, I don't know how many have done, but like some of the time people don't, no one shows up and then it's kind of like, it's too bad because then like I forget, I wish they'd give you if no one shows up, but it's like a very small amount of money. Uh Yeah, like it's like they give you a couple cents, you know? No, just you wait like five or 10 minutes and then just when you get like you're you're like 20 cents or something Saturday. So you feel like you waste your time. But some issues up until you get, it's kind of worth it sudden chat a bit and you get paid. So it's a pretty good deal. Um.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. I mean that like prolific is pretty like, you know, like whatever I'm like in between. Like I also work from home, so like in between like whatever, like when I'm bored, I like pull it up, it just reminds me like ever like an undergrad, like you know everyone had to take psychology and if you took psychology you had to sign up for these studies as part of like your credit. So it's just like, like there's a lot of similar studies that I remember doing an underground, I'm just like, oh but I get paid for it. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: so you probably if I understand what they're trying to get at with these like like sometimes it's like have you ever done the ones where they they're like at the end of it there like actually we lied about all this stuff and um it wasn't nothing we said at the beginning is true and we're just trying to see how your reaction.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: It's just
SPEAKER_R: do you what do you think the studies about?
SPEAKER_L: it's usually well it's usually like the ones like that usually it's um you have a partner and it's like ends up being like a just a computer thing, like an algorithm or something I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Oh you mean
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: like like you're being paired with the partners, they're going to play a game with you and like okay and then it's like it always ends up being like
SPEAKER_R: I have about a few
SPEAKER_L: fake
SPEAKER_R: of those
SPEAKER_L: thing.
SPEAKER_R: recently or the ones where like you have to negotiate and stuff, but it's not really anybody there and
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: immediately.
SPEAKER_L: not the one like the last one I got there was like um do
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you have to like divide money up or something and then passed back and forth,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: See how you would do if you keep the money if you share it or like how you put into that and it's just like fakes, you're like okay whatever. It doesn't matter but it's kind of neat. I mean I just I'm working rooms, I just do it like as I have spare time or if I'm on like a a boring call or something I'll go and like doing real quick or whatever but you know like you know get them time to time. Some days I'll get like a ton and then some days it's like I don't get any set. Only know why that is, but It just kind of depends on the day and sometimes they'll just be one after another, you'll get like 10
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: in a row and sometimes they'll just be a drought. So
SPEAKER_R: There's no set pattern.
SPEAKER_L: it was kind of
SPEAKER_R: I didn't
SPEAKER_L: I get,
SPEAKER_R: believe it in the background of my brows are like, oh there's some notification sure. But yeah and then when it's slow it's really slow.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't think I've done that made this week at me like a couple.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I forget exactly when you have done total, but I probably got like £400 or something like that of total. It's pretty good for a couple months.
SPEAKER_R: that is, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But I talked to a guy um and he claimed actually I think it was the first conversation on this I had he claimed that he was able to get like that much in a month and I was like, but he said he was on like online 24 7 was like, like it was just full time job to
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: do surveys. And so he was like a process. He was saying he's getting like that much a month, but he must have been hitting every single one because as far as I can tell, that's like a lot, a lot To
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: be able to do
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: that 1 - one. But yeah, it's so kind of surprised. Like he was literally that was his full time job to do service.
SPEAKER_R: Well maybe he had multiple accounts.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know. I didn't ask him where he probably don't want to tell me being recorded. Like he was cheating on her or whatever,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because you have to like literally qualify for whatever like every single about
SPEAKER_L: why like.
SPEAKER_R: me uh whatever. Check. What do they ask you? Like they ask you like, oh, what's your income? And do you have any pre existing conditions?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they have
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: all of the question.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think for a lot of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have the little um browser extensions that just goes off whenever there is one and then all click the a lot of times like at least I'm as slow as I am. Like a lot of times you go the time I get there it's very full so so you
SPEAKER_R: Me
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: to be really quick to click on it and then when you get one like yes god and then you're like oh how much does this how long does this take? And then like sometimes like I can't believe I started doing this like we have started to get to finish it and it's like you know like I kind of begrudgingly do and it's like a little amount and it's like some of them some of them take a lot longer than they claim. They're like this only takes like two minutes two minutes and 10 minutes later like clicking and just like but you know I don't know depends some of them really short but it's kind of cool thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. Uh Yeah, I like there's I mean I can definitely relate to that. There was like a few long ones. I haven't had one in a while thankfully where it's like, oh cool. £3. All right. And it's like, oh my God, it's like taking forever. Just really
SPEAKER_L: So it's
SPEAKER_R: deep
SPEAKER_L: like, it would
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: be like 45 minutes. Then they definitely
SPEAKER_R: With attention
SPEAKER_L: get,
SPEAKER_R: tax.
SPEAKER_L: they definitely get there, get there, definitely get their money's worth. I feel like, so that's, that is that is one thing I'm like, you're definitely getting your money sorted through with me. So it's fun to do. It's like kind of fun for beer money or whatever. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Your money. Are you and read it? Is that how you came across that?
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I'm not. But yeah, I've seen like, uh I think there's like a post about that and now I do read read it from time to time, but it's like a good, that's probably the best um place on there. If you just want to like understand, understand what normal people's opinions are on something going and read on there because it's just like whatever the unvarnished truth of everything.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: there for the comments like I learned so much just like reading like you know other people's thoughts.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the comments songwriter definitely invest. I think that's like, probably it's the probably most real part of the internet. It just, it just seems like you can go and just read and it's just like whatever, whatever. People just tell you straight up what they think, you know? So, but that's pretty, it's pretty cool. Um but yeah, you definitely, um, you definitely get like some interesting ones, but recently it's been a lot of like just politics and things, you know, some of that and there's aren't that really interesting. I think like psychology ones or more interesting are the ones you play a game or I actually like the ones where you do like evaluations of stuff, they're like, hey, is this product you buy this product or those are kind of fun. But um, I don't know, you just get like, I usually do them also at least unless I'm busy, I'll do them all. But you know, I guess I should be like more selectively like okay now I'm only gonna do uh the high value ones but it's kind of kind of about all the same amount per hour I think as you know like about evens out the short ones are you know that don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: take that
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: long to them
SPEAKER_R: those part, most of like the studies are pretty interesting. Like I remember one like in the last few weeks where I had to grocery shopping had to fill up my cart with whatever. It was
SPEAKER_L: early.
SPEAKER_R: like Yeah, it was like a like an online shopping store. Like it was a grocery store but I had I could choose whatever I wanted. I just had to be a minimum like $30 and whatever it was, majority was like vegetables and fruits and I was just like, I don't know what else to get. And he said that if like you are chosen, you could possibly actually get everything that was in your shopping cart. I don't actually like, I thought that was really interesting.
SPEAKER_L: That's funny. Yeah, I think I do want somewhere that I don't know if it was like exactly the same one, but I've done ones like that where you pick it, pick the items you want or whatever. Um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I think one of my dad that was like you're you'll get you'll get this if you're chosen to win the contest will get this product sent to you. But then and then they're like well we can actually do that sort of give you the money for the product. I'm like actually that's but really just have the money for so or is worked
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: familiar.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, those are pretty, it's pretty cool. I like it a lot. I wish there was like another one that was like as good, but I haven't really found any other other sites that is good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have not either.
SPEAKER_L: I did. Um There's something called like Swag Books and I tried that like um it was extremely annoying because like You would get disqualified least. I would, I would get disqualified from almost every survey. But like they would have you answer like 20 questions before they disqualify you. And of course like you're some kind of burning up for your time not doing anything productive. And like it's like you answer, you know or you put a profile together or whatever you say, okay here's my information. But they will ask you the same stupid questions like you know what what's your age like over and over again,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it's like, oh and then you don't qualify, it's like okay and then they give you like basically equivalent of like a penny uh if you don't qualify. So it's like okay, I just burned five minutes and then so you have to do like I figured it out like I had to do probably five or six of those before I got one that I got something on. Um So it really wasn't that fishing, but it's like all gift cards to is the other thing. So it's kind of useful but it's also like just the amount that you can earn is like really minimal. Probably if you really savvy with it. Um You could get the to get to the right ones or whatever. But it was kind of weird because like the the service don't even have like titles set to like just as like Survey one and has the points. You just run of like quick society. I was I didn't I didn't feel like two days. I was like yeah just completely stupid. Just like quit it. But
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: two.
SPEAKER_R: sounds like I'm suck.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So it's really time way. So I think I learned uh $5 or something. Yeah. It's like completely like voice that time. So it wasn't really that fun. It was just a bunch of annoying. I think it's mostly like companies to do those two. So it's just like um
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: trying to like advertise to you make it through this thing. It's not really a survey. It's not like an academic survey, anything real. So it's kind of a scam I'd say borderline.
SPEAKER_R: I don't similar like before prolific as well. It was like an app though, I don't even remember what it's called and it was fine. Like that was back back, you know, like before they actually had attention checks, like a few 100 before they're like, hey, I don't think you're really like,
SPEAKER_L: Cliquey.
SPEAKER_R: like yeah, like clicking like Oh, cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think like if you're really good with computers you can set up like a boat to do it, but with all these attention checks, I don't know if the, but could we would have to be really smart but to figure out all these different things um that they have in there, but some of them are really like, just like deceptive. Like it's, it's almost like they're trying to trick you and then some of it's just like paying attention like this, but like sometimes it's like really convoluted the checks. But um yeah, I usually get paid for most of it, I think one or two here that I miss out or whatever, but usually they actually pay, which is pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. Um I haven't really run into anything so uh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: It's a good, good thing. What line of work are even
SPEAKER_R: well, so I'm actually finishing medical school, but I'm applying for for the past right now. So in the meantime I am doing contact tracing,
SPEAKER_L: for? Like covid. Okay. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: I've just done so much like
SPEAKER_L: It's gonna be a doctor.
SPEAKER_R: well yes, I am.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, that's awesome. Any type of specialty or is it like just general practitioner?
SPEAKER_R: That's exactly, I wanted to want to do family medicine, so
SPEAKER_L: I found
SPEAKER_R: I want
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: be a general practitioner. Okay. Now pediatrics?
SPEAKER_R: You see I really like pediatrics and OBI but I just can't really decide between the two and I just, you know, like if even if I went into that, like I don't want to, you know, forget the full scope of practice that, you know, I went through medical school. So I would like to go through like I want to retain all that. So I think either like full practice or general practice is probably better because I can still do both of those and retain everything, you know, want to everybody.
SPEAKER_L: So do you go to like actual classes or is online now
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty much finished. I'm just doing
SPEAKER_L: are you
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: done?
SPEAKER_R: my yeah
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: my last exam and I'm applying for the next so we have to do like residency which is further training. That's what I'm trying to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I don't no every all the details. But yeah you have to do residents of like two years right
SPEAKER_R: It's anywhere from 3 to 5 years but
SPEAKER_L: For 3-5 years. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: it's about three years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah I had a girlfriend that was doing it at one point time but like we're dating, she she was in that part, so she was just this data or whatever but yeah. Okay. Cool.
SPEAKER_R: What about you? What line of work are you in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm an I. T. So um basically work on technology projects and uh kind of um basically some manager of technology, I don't do any coding or anything but basically just manage developers and um make sure that project gets done and everything and the goals are met and everything like that. So that's pretty good role. I like uh like the work I do, but it's definitely has its ups and downs. Like definitely when stuff goes wrong then you're not happy that you're in it. But usually like it's going well then it's like a good time. So. And right now being able to work from home is kind of cool. So um
SPEAKER_R: You weren't you weren't originally worked from home?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: Is I just,
SPEAKER_L: it wasn't. Yeah, I just started with Covid but like I mean it was like four days a week in the office and then like Fridays we usually Brooke mom or or whatever, but now it's like full time and like some of the people I work with, they're like, I'm not going back. Like I'm just going to find a new job then we can go back. I don't know if I'm to that extreme, but it would be nice to have a little bit of time working home. Um You know, like partial. So um but if you're a figure if you're like a the doctor you'd be like, well I guess that Teladoc now, but for for residency you definitely have to be. There is no like Teladoc residency or anything, right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. No there is not.
SPEAKER_L: So but I mean you're going to be like Making the big
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: bucks, but that's like it's worth the 3-5 years or whatever, I guess sort the sort of the time, so let's go.
SPEAKER_R: Early I think we're our time is pretty much I don't even know what we started.
SPEAKER_L: I'm assuming we started like 7:00, so we're probably good. I had a little like timer but I think I click to the I like click to the next like screen, so I'm assuming. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: it's like 7727. So anyway, I'll let
SPEAKER_R: meeting.
SPEAKER_L: you I'll let you get on to your your surveys.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Good to meet you. Yes. Yeah.