Hi
how are you
on this? Yeah. Mhm
Girl
Cheryl
good. I just woke up growing up.
Okay. I'm on the west coast. That's for so
yes I am. What
about you?
And have you, have you been out to California to visit him yet?
Oh that's yeah, I
like I just flew over my head completely figure out we're in the middle of a pandemic. No.
Yeah, no, I haven't. I mean where I mean, I'm just like I completely forgot about that. Yeah.
Yeah, I really have any there. So it just, I just completely forgot we're in the middle of a pandemic. I've just been pretty much staying at home. How are things over there in Atlanta?
Okay. Yeah like here in in in my county it was just like a few weeks ago they just voted to reopen everything so most restaurants and or whatever like gyms and stuff have been reopened the last two weeks to full capacity and I'm just like I have not even in the restaurant yet or really bloom so I don't know, kind of skeptical.
Oh it is. Okay. Yeah.
Like
being that out like, like we went from like only outdoor dining or take out to just full on capacity. So I don't know how that happened. Just there was no like medium
well
I
can't speak for other counties,
riverside county
burke
about like an hour east of Philly. Mhm.
Mhm.
And
Yeah, I'm originally from like like about an hour north of L. A. In ventura um completely
North of L. A. Would be like ventura, santa, barbara san luis Obispo unless it's like really north of like san Francisco. Mhm.
have you been up to California?
Weather is nice. Yeah. I definitely think it's about 70 and I were still in the 70's. I still sleep people at the beach.
What
crazy. What is he doing here in Madeira?
I don't
know.
what is it going to please a supercharger company?
What
I did yeah I love it here. It's a great place to be right on the beach
systems
and
engines
definitely. I mean if he's supposed to be out there for a while you definitely need to go out and visit ventura.
hopefully. I mean like I did here like like Fauci saying that there there was another another vaccine that was supposed to be um the like had a pretty good results and um ready to go out and by the end of the month by the end of the year. So I don't know, I just want the pandemic to be over. I want to go out.
I don't know, I don't I don't really think I'm an extrovert. I think I'm more introverted, but I don't know, I guess I'm I'm feeling pretty chatty today.
Well,
I mean like I really haven't been out at all since february. No, March, it was March, March. I haven't been out since March,
so I'm just like
pretty much
literally you can get everything. There's so many apps to do everything and a lot of these delivery apps are doing it free like deliveries. Yeah. There's always, I always feel like promo codes for like shopping, you know, like they have like, you know, have, have you heard of shipped an instant car? They do like your groceries and stuff.
Mhm.
yeah, it's, it's pretty good until I've used a grubhub and door to hash and
Amazon delivers food? Yeah.
I had no. Is that just whole foods or is it?
wow, I'd have to, I have to look into that then amazon now. Okay.
yeah, I'm sure, I just, I don't know.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
No,
um this is actually my second conversation one, but I have been using prolific for a while now. Oh, what
about you?
Yeah, definitely. I mean that like prolific is pretty like, you know, like whatever I'm like in between. Like I also work from home, so like in between like whatever, like when I'm bored, I like pull it up, it just reminds me like ever like an undergrad, like you know everyone had to take psychology and if you took psychology you had to sign up for these studies as part of like your credit. So it's just like, like there's a lot of similar studies that I remember doing an underground, I'm just like, oh but I get paid for it. Cool.
What
do you what do you think the studies about?
Oh you mean
like.
I have about a few
of those
recently or the ones where like you have to negotiate and stuff, but it's not really anybody there and
it
immediately.
What?
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Whoa.
There's no set pattern.
I didn't
believe it in the background of my brows are like, oh there's some notification sure. But yeah and then when it's slow it's really slow.
Well
that is, yeah.
What?
There
was
Well maybe he had multiple accounts.
Yeah. Because you have to like literally qualify for whatever like every single about
me uh whatever. Check. What do they ask you? Like they ask you like, oh, what's your income? And do you have any pre existing conditions?
Like
I don't think for a lot of that.
Me
too.
Yeah, definitely. Uh Yeah, I like there's I mean I can definitely relate to that. There was like a few long ones. I haven't had one in a while thankfully where it's like, oh cool. £3. All right. And it's like, oh my God, it's like taking forever. Just really
deep
there.
With attention
tax.
Yeah. Your money. Are you and read it? Is that how you came across that?
I'm
just
there for the comments like I learned so much just like reading like you know other people's thoughts.
I
think
those part, most of like the studies are pretty interesting. Like I remember one like in the last few weeks where I had to grocery shopping had to fill up my cart with whatever. It was
like Yeah, it was like a like an online shopping store. Like it was a grocery store but I had I could choose whatever I wanted. I just had to be a minimum like $30 and whatever it was, majority was like vegetables and fruits and I was just like, I don't know what else to get. And he said that if like you are chosen, you could possibly actually get everything that was in your shopping cart. I don't actually like, I thought that was really interesting.
Okay.
I'm
pretty
familiar.
Yeah, I have not either.
All
it
sounds like I'm suck.
Well,
I don't similar like before prolific as well. It was like an app though, I don't even remember what it's called and it was fine. Like that was back back, you know, like before they actually had attention checks, like a few 100 before they're like, hey, I don't think you're really like,
like yeah, like clicking like Oh, cool.
Yeah, definitely. Um I haven't really run into anything so uh yeah,
well, so I'm actually finishing medical school, but I'm applying for for the past right now. So in the meantime I am doing contact tracing,
I've just done so much like
well yes, I am.
That's exactly, I wanted to want to do family medicine, so
I want
to
do
You see I really like pediatrics and OBI but I just can't really decide between the two and I just, you know, like if even if I went into that, like I don't want to, you know, forget the full scope of practice that, you know, I went through medical school. So I would like to go through like I want to retain all that. So I think either like full practice or general practice is probably better because I can still do both of those and retain everything, you know, want to everybody.
I'm pretty much finished. I'm just doing
like
my yeah
my last exam and I'm applying for the next so we have to do like residency which is further training. That's what I'm trying to.
It's anywhere from 3 to 5 years but
it's about three years. Yeah.
What about you? What line of work are you in?
You weren't you weren't originally worked from home?
Is I just,
yeah. No there is not.
no.
Early I think we're our time is pretty much I don't even know what we started.
well.
meeting.
So