Okay. Mhm. Okay. What? Okay. No. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Hello? Hi.
Mhm.
I'm doing good. And how are you?
Yeah, I wasn't sure if anyone would show up today. Yeah.
Yeah.
Like um I signed up um
like two times earlier this week and like nobody showed up. Yeah.
No, I've done it a few more times. Like previously
with the other version of this I guess. Have you done that before?
How?
Oh really? Wow. That's a lot. Mhm. Uh huh.
I'm in my brother's room. Well he's not at home. I'm just like using his monitor to like study.
Yeah. Anyway,
have
you done anything fun this weekend?
Um Yesterday I went to like um a farm
to like go
see pumpkin patches and things like that.
No um So like what happened is we got their super or late and like it was about to close and it's like an hour or so. Honestly didn't do much. But I tried to
Yeah actually I was supposed to be going there earlier but like I had few friends running late so way to wait for them and then by the time we got there it was like so crowded
and then we have to find parking and I was like yeah that took a long time,
Yeah I had a friend who didn't even show up he was like he was like um I don't know he got lost and then he turned around and literally the rules by the farms are so narrow so like he like literally had to spend another 20 minutes to like going around and coming back and he was like it was like it was like part of
like his
birthday
weekend sort of thing. So like he was pissed and then he just went home. I felt bad but then I was
just like there's nothing I can do about it. I haven't been here either before, I have no idea what's going on.
Well
we tried to
yeah since we got there late I think like all almost all the food places were closed so like all I managed to get a doughnut, I was so hungry. Oh
yeah.
I just had really
thoughts about it.
I did, but like my friend had like a camera, like she took most of the pictures, I'm just waiting
for them
to
send
them to me. Uh huh.
Oh um she's like the type of person who's on top of things. Um But I don't know this week has been pretty crazy, like it was actually
my birthday on friday so like I was out
both friday and saturday, so like I just did too much this whole week. You?
Yeah I did now I have to catch up with studying for school.
We're currently in pharmacy school and I'm trying to like the view like um I think the gastro system. Yeah
just
like that.
Mhm.
Thanks
to
you,
I
think it's a lot of work, definitely a lot of work.
Um It's like four years, like three years of like school, like actual school
and one year of like clinical is like going to different sites and experiencing that. Mhm.
Yeah
I am in my second year um
So it's so different this year so like since everything is like gonna be almost
of
every for me I signed up for classes at home now since so I don't have to go in person and that sort of thing. So like all the class is gonna be done through like my computer and like if I have to go in person um I'll definitely
have to go for like um I think really the exams where you like have to talk to patients um that sort of thing. And. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh huh. It's
pretty
your own time having all like you have a lot of time to yourself
and you don't have to like drive and cap and go to class, that sort of thing.
It's definitely harder to like push yourself to like
um do things like studying of course at home. Mhm. Uh huh.
Yeah,
like my bed. Yeah.
Okay.
And yeah. Since yeah and then I can't really study anywhere else because it's like there's no place to sit or anything because like libraries are closed and like cafes like you can't sit anywhere move most of them. Mhm.
Doc.
Yeah. That's why I actually studied my brother's room because he has like a monitor. I don't and also yeah
um I feel like it's working pretty well, like I can just like have the screen with the lectures pulled up and then like type notes on my laptop. Something works pretty long.
And
it's a general blake. The only thing the offer is like additional degree. Like some people do like dual degrees and like pharmacogenomics, like a masters and that or like public
health or something like that. I know some other schools in the area of for like I
think
a dual degree in on like law if they want to do that, that's some good intense. Yeah.
like I am a professor who has both a law degree and a farm B and I'm like um you must
have sent someone, I will work to point at things.
And then um also I haven't been going to work recently just because like it's way crazier.
um So I work at like uh inside of a far like a pharmacy, inside of a grocery store kind of thing. It's not as if he has like CVS or Walgreens, but
What like those places or
just like
where I work?
So
I think it can. Oh my gosh, what was that sound?
Do
you
hear anything very well?
I don't know. Like I think I'm not sure if it was my neighbors or something else because they think they're also like throwing a party and then there was another neighbor like yelling probably their kids or something to like wash the car. I don't know, somebody
distractions.
They're actually used to be a lot of construction. Um like I think that right around the time Covid started, there was like a lot of construction near my house. Like they were just like preparing a road or something
like literally right outside my house. Like if you have everything. Mm I would just like wake up in the morning like early morning and I would just feel like why is the island is going on?
probably it was like very loud.
the thing is like, I don't know what is going on. Like they were just like repaired and I think they're done and then like a in a few weeks they come back and like fix it again. So it's like, I don't know when they come.
Do you work or like go to school or anything?
Mm hmm.
I hope that I'm able to like interact with patients a lot and it's definitely a huge part of pharmacy. Like they teach you like how to um like interact with patients. Like let's say they're presented a problem like how you go about doing
that, Like interviewing them and like writing like a soap known to assess what type of medication or like other type of help you can give them
first. Hello?
For um our exams, we actually have like a an examination, we will go into just like knock on the door, like use their hand sanitizer, like wash your hands sort of thing with or even started like
that's
interesting.
We do like um simulations just like with whoever we're working with in a group sort of thing. And then for the actual exam will have like someone, like a hired actor to like play the patient. So they'll either have like different personalities. So like he might either be like yelling at you randomly because that's just how their character is. Or they'll be like super impatient. Like they're trying to go somewhere or they really distracted. Like they pull out their phones, start looking at it in the middle and you, you have to be able to like moving over around those different situations.
Just
I don't think anyone is actually really like that in person. I mean there are a few angry people and people that are in my hurry, but like they're not like on that level, these are kind of just like very extreme. But it definitely helps you practice.
Mhm.
No.
Um So how do we so many, have you started eating like prolific? Yeah.
really?
I think I started and like, I think me
or
like april because like I was like really born in school. Like I feel like like last semester one Kulikova started, I was like not even busy anymore, like I was so bored and I wasn't even going to work either. So I was like trying to see like if there's any ways to make any extra cash or anything and
I feel like it's not as frequent as before, like before
it was like just going off every like five
minutes or something. Uh huh.
Mhm.
The
first, no. Yeah, I even got a friend, like I told a friend about it and she was like, and literally every time I talked to her on zoom or something, it would literally like her notifications, notifications would be going off. Yeah.
I think it really depends on each person. Like I know another
friend who try to do it like she said she can get anything.
I think it depends on the first thing. But yeah.
literally no clue like I don't know what's going on.
Ready.
What?
Oh I think I did a few undergrad but I didn't really have the time for it because like I was working um I was like doing a teaching assistant sort of job so I was just like um that was already like busy enough because like they always had us grading so many assignments and prop during
exams and that sort of thing so I never really had time for it but I literally like someone told me about this one study and then I was like oh you just learn a language that sounds so cool. And then I did it and then I was like wow this is pretty nice. Oh
yeah and then there's another one that was like a game like just playing a game. But other than that I haven't really done anything.
I was
taking
for like uh organic chemistry lab. The only
thing,
the only thing I hated about it was like wearing those goggles and my like I think my like um goggles
will literally make steam up so quickly and I would like to wipe it. Yeah
and the first time I started it was like like within three weeks there was like something like there was like someone knocked over something in the fume hood and another person
knocked over another thing the fume hood and they like reacted. That was pretty bad. Yeah.
Okay so there was like like a bunch
of
like like um I don't know how to describe it but like um
it was just like white,
like a white mess. Uh huh And they were literally going towards that. They were trying to do their lab
while whistle is happening in the future. I'm like please don't. And then I had a closer and get send someone to get home. Yeah.
Yeah. And then the lady like who's in charge of like the I don't know I don't know what departments called but she came in, he yelled at yelled at all of us but she didn't really, she wasn't really like
mad at me because like I wasn't a graduate student or anything. I didn't have any like knowledge about all this and there was not like any training specifically for me that they had to do. So like she wasn't mad and she wasn't mad at them. Uh huh. They were like you wouldn't listen to me about going towards a few ones because they can't they were like literally around it. I told them to not like they were just not listening. Okay, after that incident, they were like listening to me all the time. They took everything so seriously. After that one incident. Oh
I think it took like an actual adult like because I was yelling at them to they
didn't
I mean it didn't happen again, that was only that one time.
It was like very interesting. I got to meet other people who are also T. A. S. And Mhm. That sort of thing. And we all like when we were grading we all get like the professors give us
food
and we can just grade them. It was pretty nice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh I see.
I majored in biochemistry but I wish I hadn't. All right.
Like I could have done something like biology and it wouldn't be this crazy. Yeah.
No, I feel like it would have been like so much easier and I would have just been
more bored in my classes, so. Mhm.
let's
listen.
Mhm. Um I think it does if it's harder, it's like definitely more work, but like I would probably enjoy it more just because like it's like I'm learning so many different things and um I'd probably focus a lot more in clouds just to like, like I'd be more motivated.
Uh huh.
Thank you. I'd say it was like I had friends who were measuring that and they like, I feel like they never studied, do you think?
But
I took the same thing with public health as well. Like I had friends who would literally like literally type their papers up, like, like literally like a few classes
before the classes do. Let me starting at the same day like. Yeah.
Wait
I actually did that once for like an english class. Like I totally forgot like the day before it was like 15 pages or something. But the thing is I'm really like a fast hyper for like paper the lee, so I knew what I could totally make it work.
Mhm. Uh More like to Ronnie would like but like I it was like I think 20 was maybe the max or something, so.
No. All right.
I had I think I had a grade like
paper
for
an
exam and also proctor the night before. So right, like
I got to the library early, I started typing
frantically.
What?
I'm
glad
it totally does. Like if your head rush, everything just clicks moves into your head
and
you gotta type really fast before it all disappears. Okay.
Do you think spend enough time
yet?
No, but I did. I did. I think it's been enough time yet. Okay.
marriages.