Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm.
Uh huh.
No,
no,
no, no. Right,
how
about now,
can you hear me now? Can you hear me now?
I don't know what that was. I think my mic switched off. That's why. But
I was I was just on a call and it was working fine, so I just couldn't figure out why I was
doing
that.
No, no, it was like for work, but I was using I was using this headset and everything was fine somehow. It must have gotten switched off. Sorry about that.
All right. Yeah,
I
am not
so
I've
done it. Yeah,
so I've done it once before. Um and the guy I got paired up, but he just he's talked about some stuff, it's just random stuff. We don't actually have to have a topic in mind. Um Like we just in the beginning we were just like, hey, where are you from? Like just generally like what state are you in and you know, we went from there, so where are you from?
I'm in
austin texas and uh
lots of Californians have moved here. I don't know if you, I don't know if you know about the austin population surge from California to
either.
Mhm. Yeah, I guess like um it's been like a steady stream of people from California moving here and you know, it's been cool, like it was a small
city, it was 10 years ago. Uh
Not that many people, it's still a pretty small city, like a mid sized city, but a lot of the newcomers have been from California, which I like,
you know, I love Sandy, I'll even to san Diego one time. Um it was really fun. The beach is really nice, the weather is really nice. How long have you been there?
No.
Yeah, that's cool.
Okay, so you grew up there pretty much, you seem pretty young. Some
Yeah, I
moved to Austin mary and I was
like 10 and I've been here like 23 years, so just grew up here. Um
you ever, have you ever read that?
Say that again?
Uh huh. I was just wondering if you've ever visited Austin? I
I think you know awesome definitely has a better vibe I would say I guess I'm biased but you know, I feel like we're like
way
more related. Yeah, we're pretty laid back. Um
By
what were you asking?
Are you talking about the school? Thank you.
Um I think
it's I think it's in Waco, so I want to say maybe an hour and a half from Austin. I mean I go to wake up you know every few months just for work, so I've been there but uh I don't know Waco still kind of like on the conservative end of uh cities so um but it was just fine. I mean there were still pretty nice nothing against
that. Uh huh.
Yeah.
What do you what did you study for your degree?
Oh yeah that's cool. I did biology to, it's weird. Um I wanted to
work,
I wanted to work in labs when I graduated because I thought that would be the natural thing to do. But when I graduated in 2000 and eight um it was like the height of the economic crisis I guess. Which it's like every every every few years we get into that I guess. Um. Yeah
no. Yeah but uh I got into neuro monitoring which is uh find
monitoring during back surgery, their brain surgery. So what they put electric about electrodes on patients and I monitor their signs signals while the surgeons working on their um
spinal cord and uh neural structure.
I've been doing that for like 11 years.
Yeah. I mean it's a proof. Yeah. Still still have to go and it's a little freaky these days with everything going on, but hopefully
hopefully it'll be at work, you know, again.
So she's
like
at
the heart of
it, like she she's seeing how
is she
holding up? She she coping well, how is she doing?
How is that how how are people like wearing masks in your area? Like everyone pretty much compliant when
they
go
out
good.
I've
noticed,
you know,
I've noticed like in the cities like really dense population, like I think cities tend to be more liberal anyway so people are pretty good at adhering to mass chemical. But I think as you go on the outskirts of those cities you'll see less and less of that. Uh compliance. Yeah. Mhm
What?
Has san Diego changed much during your time? There like 10 years has the city changed much or? Yeah
the first
time.
Thank
you.
No.
Something like that.
I mean I considered like
all of California to be very liberal in my own mind. I don't think that's the case. Like I think there are cities, they're they're more on the conservative end of the spectrum for
prime
rib important. Do you go do you visit
those cities? Never? Yeah. Mm.
professionals.
Okay. Yeah. I mean the first, the first time I went to san Francisco is maybe like two years ago and that's the only time I've been. Um It's pretty fun. Um It was kind of chilly but I think to them it's pretty temperate. Like they don't think it's chilly with coming from texas,
Yeah, I wasn't ready for the hills like just walking around the city, like the hills are quite steep in
some areas, you know, my legs definitely got a good workout. But it was fun though, it was really fun to just
have um and we took like a really like good tour of san Francisco there. So they took us to all the iconic places and there's just so much, there's so much stuff there, you could never do it in one trip. Yeah. Yeah.
I've never been to L. A. Though. Like what do you, what do you think about a Okay.
People know.
Well.
Good.
What?
Why?
I was talking to a friend who moved to Austin from L. A. And the first thing he mentioned was like the traffic is just so bad like it takes two hours to get anywhere. Um And I was telling I was like Austin traffic is pretty bad too, like it takes like 30 minutes to get anywhere you like you don't even know L. A. Is like so bad. Uh I guess but you know in my mind is one of those iconic american cities that always kind of like stick
out
like in
the media in
the movie.
clear. Yeah I do like new york city that's just not to live in but like to visit you know I think.
It's terrible what's happening there. Like I think the more densest city is, the harder it is to control like a pandemic. Of course.
No.
I mean like the latest I heard is that right now there's such there's like widespread community like uncontrolled spread in the entire US, like every single state has just been like like the worst of the worst. So I think even in new york it's probably really bad right now and I think we're averaging like 100,000 cases
per day. Um
It's crazy, it's really bad. It's not good. Uh
See that's the thing and like you know people say that we shouldn't lock down the country because it will affect us economically and I'm like well you know if people die it's going to affect their families economically like how much can we, you know, we
should at least lockdown two stomachs and I'm not saying you know like a really super strict lockdown but maybe like go back to maybe like 30%
um of allowed like you know right now like bars and restaurants are practically open right now in austin.
What? Yeah, I think it's pretty much like inevitable, pretty much everywhere at this point. It is just like not the trends are not looking good at all.
I Yeah,
but like
on the
good. Yeah, that's what I was gonna say, whatever you heard
we work
with. Okay.
But
for
them,
Democratic.
Yeah. I mean like the good news was that you know it's 90% effective was really high for a vaccine and you know most flu vaccines there are 50% or less most of the time. But you know, if you do get the vaccine will probably do a good job in protecting you. Um But the problem is I heard that it requires a lot of refrigeration, like abnormally cold levels of refrigeration, A distribution
of the vaccine might be a big obstacle and the second figure out how to do it. Um
But
right. Yeah, I mean,
I'm sure they'll figure it out because they have some time, but I think that was one of
the hurdles we have to figure out how to
keep it refrigerated. Um Yeah,
I'll take it. I'm so sick of not being able to do anything. Um
Like if the FDA approved that I'm like just give it to me like put me out of my misery,
you know? Mhm.
Whatever.
I mean
like creepy and I think I would go out practically every weekend. You know, like I would go club for dancing or you know, I mean I'm not a big restaurant or like I don't eat out very much, but I do like going out to a club.
And then you know I'm part of
a nonprofit and you do like potlucks and like little events here and there and you haven't been able to do that at all. Uh huh.
I'm like it would just be really nice to have some semblance of normalcy returns. Um And you know because I work in the hospital pretty much every day, I have like I've just like been super strict about meeting anyone and like the only thing I did, the only thing I've done this entire time is I went to an outdoor wedding, it was super small, everyone had masks on.
Yeah that's the one thing that I did where I was like okay I've got to go to this person's wedding because um it was actually a gay wedding and I think they're worried that the Supreme Court is going to like take it away maybe.
I think it was kind of like a
panic.
I
think
right now federally it's legal and um Austin's really super liberal, so I think it's pretty much legal and awesome. I think federally it's
legal,
I
think they were one of the first ones to legalize it. Probably. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's for the best. I mean, especially if they're in that age age group that, you know, you don't want to take care of. It
sucks because, you know, like, you know, I go on reddit a lot and I'm like, I always try to keep up with the news and like um like the reason people are not wearing masks because they don't believe in it, because like the government has done such a poor job of like highlighting the benefits of it, you know? And if people just did it, people just wore masks and 90% of the time it would cut down on mortality. It would cut down on spread so much. Like just one simple thing and we just don't know how to handle it, I guess. I don't know. I don't really know how to explain it. It's just sad.
What?
know, like, I was talking to someone in the hospital who works in the hospital and I was like, what's such a barrier to putting on a mask? And they were like, you know, they would always use that slippery slope argument where they're like, oh, first it's a mask, then it's something else and blah, blah, blah. Pretty soon all our freedoms are gone. Yeah.
And
lo and behold that person got covid and I'm like, you know what? Yeah, that's the thing.
Like it's like, I don't want to like make them feel bad about it. But I'm just like, hey, you know, like it's going to get it if you're careless. So I'm hoping like biden will have some strong
mandate, like a mask mandate where you know,
I
looks.
Yeah, that's what I hurt.
Try.
One
point.
if the company,
yeah, you know, that's the thing like, you know, texas has a, has a Republican governor and he, him and the lieutenant governor, they've been just so bad about mass mandates. Like they're like, they're like, it's a freedom issue. It's a lot like it's just like really dumb statement that they colluded or corrupted the idea of wearing a mask from the beginning. So now when one comes along and said put on a mask, it'll just be like well that's not what we were told, you know? And you have to like to re educate the population that has been told something really
different of like I don't know like I guess it sucks that like a lot
of the blue states also having widespread community spread even though they've been pretty good about asking you know? So I'm like I'm kind of like what is it gonna take to curb this trend? Because like looks like it's kind of spreading everywhere right now. What?
I think I was watching like a. C. D. C. Person talk about this when like March or february and they were like you know they're exciting 80% of americans to actually get covid. Um Yeah
and that was kind of a learning to hear that was like they don't really have a plan in place at all, you know like because like a lot of the asian, a lot of the asian countries have gone through this before. They have like strict protocols. Like as soon as they have even a couple of people that are infected, they do contact tracing, they like isolate them, they quarantined and the quarantine the people that they were interacting with. But I have a really good plan in place and I'm like how hard is it to just copy the plan of a country that has a handle on it? Like it's just like this copy paste into the protocol like shouldn't be that hard, but you know
her.
Yeah.
What,
Have you guys been doing a lot of like um stuff that you wouldn't normally do just because you're kind of isolated or what anything under you've been doing?
not.
I
know,
Have you been actually using them like in your cooking? Yeah.
On purpose.
All right,
wow, that's cool. I think, you know, everyone should have like some education and how to grow stuff for themselves and are important. I think
what.
Yeah. And you know, like half the time you don't know where like the produce you get from the grocery store, you know, I'm sure it's safe, but like you don't know what they've used on it. Like, you know, you just don't really know like I'm sure it's fine. But once you grow your own stuff, you know exactly what you're putting on your place. It's kind of like a pretty good, good thing. They think, how hard is it growth? Like have you, has it been pretty easy or has it been a challenge? Okay.
Problem
It's an
honor.
I think
you know Sandy, I feel like when I was there in june san Diego like I think they're called it june gloom. Like when I was there like there were some like overcast guys but I think they told me that most of the time is pretty sunny and nice, pretty much year round.
Yeah it's probably good growing weather pretty much all the time then. Huh?
What?
I
want
I mean like the thing with Austin is that peak summer times get like 100 or higher so it gets kind of the drought kind of happened during that time.
So things tend to die really quickly if you don't water then even if you water them like the grass, like the lawns get super yellow despite the watering. Um
So that happened
and then I think winter we do get some ice like at times
that kills a lot of things, but you know fall in spring are pretty good. Like fall in spring is like sort of like san Diego whether we're, you know, relatively chili but
not too chilly. Mm
Uh huh.
But yeah, I mean 2020 like I haven't been going out very much at all. Like pretty much all Austin festivals have been cancelled like often the big city with lots of music festivals, lots of live music stuff. Like I don't know if you heard like we have like south by southwest and Austin City,
all of that got canceled of course. So then kind of mary
get out.
Okay. Yeah, that's
what I, you
know, I told my parents, I was like just when I first started I was like just with like two or three months, we'll have some treatments. Like I had such high hopes, you know like surely will figure it out and then you
know everything or four months we like just three or four more months and I just stick it out like oh my God, yeah,
they're here. I'm actually living with them right now because I'm in between houses, I'm actually building a house right now.
No. Yeah, I
moved
in.
I know, just waiting for them to, Can you hear me? Yeah.
Right. Uh So uh it's just a neighborhood that's under construction, so they're almost done with the house, I'm not doing anything myself, it's just a builder that's building it. But I mean I put my put my old house on lease and then I moved in with my parents and I'm just waiting for them to finish wow. Um All right yeah it'll be fun. I'm kind of worried I'm like I don't know where the housing market's gonna go. You know there's a lot of uncertainty pretty much everywhere. There's uncertainties. I'm not sure that the yeah
that's the thing. I was like I should probably cash in on the interest rates but who knows where the house valley will go on it but it raises. Uh huh.
How how is
the housing
market?
Nothing.
actually. Mhm. Yeah
it's the same way in Austin like there's a huge demand and the supply is super low because people don't want to sell during a pandemic, they don't want people coming into their house. Um So the supply is super low demand is super high, Things are just climbing like crazy.
But I think you know compared to California prices, Austin prices look so nice and low. Um,
like I think the house, somebody now is like 317 something around that.
Yeah. And if
you
like,
Come
on.
Brand
new,
whatever.
So it's a four bedroom, three bath. It's a pretty, it's a really very house. It's like 2200 square feet, uh, big yard. Right? And it's, it's only 20 minutes from like downtown Austin and like five minutes from the airport.
that.
Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. I mean
we have like, like some of the property like, right in downtown are probably that high for us. Like if you're like literally
in downtown,
it'll be like a million or more. We want to get like 20 minutes out of that downtown spot, then it's like 300
Yeah. And it's brand new. So I'm like, maybe it'll be like a good investment. Just let's just see. And I think like Tesla is building a factory right next to where I'm buying. So maybe that will, but my help.
All right.
I think
I'm Zain the
I am are
Nice beard. Nice to meet you. No,
Oh, wow. Three. No shows.
Yeah.
I think
I,
I think pastor and so we should be good. All right. We'll be safe out there. Tell your wife
too.