Yeah probably. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah that's kurt to save me. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yes I can hear you
hold on a second here so. Okay. Okay how are you?
Good.
Yeah it does um
Good. I'm uh what state are you in?
Okay I'm in Ohio yeah. Uh huh.
Right. Well actually I have family. Uh
I have some family that lives out in Seattle too so yeah
it's a pretty pretty state that is so
Seattle Seattle
and Washington state. It's very pretty. Yeah.
Well
well I would say I would I would definitely recommend seeing crater lake.
You know I believe that's an
Oregon that's beautiful. I've been there. It's uh really incredible. That's actually a caldera you know it's a giant volcano, it's a big crater and there's actually a little Wizard Island is actually a little mini volcano inside the uh caldera you know And then see
Mount ST Helens. I'm not sure if that's closed off now when I was there I got in to see it before it started acting up again so I was able to see it a little bit more up close
so
yeah you know there are some places in Seattle where um You know my brother was telling me that they have like maybe 30 minutes to get out in some places of Seattle because if Mount Rainier is considered a dormant volcano so it could like you know wake up and erupt at any time so um
they had to be out of there so.
well
in
Seattle
has
always got a traffic jam. Yeah Seattle has always got a traffic jam so Yeah come on.
What?
I'm
I'm curious about your
teaching english because I've been kind of looking into that myself, I have a bachelor's degree but it's in business but I don't know if you need to have an education degree to um get those gigs or not.
that
helps
What?
Yeah. Well I did work as a consultant for a while for a pharmaceutical company you know and that sort of thing so and actually that involved going to the pharmaceutical every day so it was almost like I was an employee so you know I did see the corporate culture and um actually it was almost treated like in a fellow employee but I just wondered about you know um getting working as a teacher um You know I know you can get online t sol you know certifications through some of the teaching companies which probably don't carry a whole lot of weight the certifications that you can get through a teaching company but you know
I just.
Well I would teach it. I would teach it kind of like the way you know as as I would talking with a friend because I I talked with a lot of people through Skype you know, so I have friends internationally then I talked with and you know, so I think I would just pretty much teach you know treat those people as if they were friends. So you know
and
you know because we we talked the whole gamut my friends and I you know about most of the time we do a lot of comparison between our countries political systems, current events, how they run their health care system, et cetera. Because that's kind of an interest in mind, you know thinking why don't we have health care like another
countries, you know.
It's pretty complicated politically charged issue to talk about that here with other americans unfortunately. But you know I do talk about that regularly with you know my friends in europe and stuff so. Yeah.
Mostly through Pen Pal sites and I've kept a lot of around for like 10 years or more. So yeah. I mean you do have to kind of be choosing with the people that you talk with because you'll get some really flaky weird people. But you know I found you know some really awesome people that are just you know I consider friends, you know and I've met a few in person too, so when they come to the United States. So um yeah, so it's nice um it's nice to be able to have that interaction and learn to uh you know learn about other cultures through their eyes and their perspectives. You know and sometimes they bitch about their political leaders because I have some friends in Russia, I even have a friend in china, I'm not sure how she's able to get past the censors
in
china
because they are shutting down so much you know in china and um but you know we do Skype so which is pretty um unusual because I would think you know china would cut down on that too. So find some way I don't know if she's using a VPN or what? Yeah.
Well
my
friend
there,
my friend there works for a telecom company so I'm thinking that maybe she knows some way of getting around you know the sensor block I guess in china because you know she works for the telecom so she might. No someone at the company he says hey if you want to get around that and I can tell you how to you know
do that so.
What
for
fun?
For fun basically most of them are trying to understand english so you know for them it's kind of like conversational english but you know it it's for me it's awesome just kind of learning about other countries and about the political systems and
stuff like that and but you
know it turns into a basic friendship too because you talk about daily life you know just like you would with regular friends so yeah
so.
No.
I've got
What?
Yeah that's a lot of fun. Oh they look into Cambly now do you use a certain software to for teaching some sort of White Lord software and
What?
Kind of off and on. Yeah a little bit but not not real familiar with it so
But
it does
Work.
so it's this browser based when you log into the system Euro rather Cambly and then your connections are through the web browser or through Skype.
Okay.
well it's a kind of a nice little side gig you know? Um I'm kind of like my situation is I'm taking care of an elderly parents so
I'm not really working um I live out in the country but you know I got time on my hands and what what are coming on I'm going to have more time you know with the weather getting colder and uh so it's something I'm kind of looking into. I was looking into maybe being a math tutor to because I used to tutor math when I was in college, not the higher level stuff at the lower level because sometimes you get people who still really struggle with things like fractions and stuff like that. And I was looking at the software they need because they do need white boarding and all of that stuff and I was like, you know, I need to probably update my computer, my computer's, I'm still running Windows seven, but You know, if I'm gonna invest in software and things like that, I'm gonna definitely upgrade my machine, you know? But for chatting, you know, right now, I mean, it's like a Cambly, I could probably still do that for now, you know? So with Windows seven.
my love.
About
Well,
I made enough money this year from my side gigs to kind of, you know, along with a stimulus check. You know, I can afford a computer and things like that. So I'm going to probably get one here soon. I'm looking at getting another desktop. That's what I'm using now. And I think that desktops in some ways they just don't have the Overheating problems. Now. The only thing that I noticed with this PC even though it is 10 years old is that I have too many tabs open on my browser that can like really eat up the ramp pretty quick. I have about six gigs of RAM. But I think if I get another computer, I'm looking at at least 12, you know, get a lot of RAM because a lot of these websites, they run too much scripts and I think that, you know, advertising scripts and then if you use ad blocker it still doesn't get rid of the scripting. And that will you'll see your RAM really starting eating up and
your CPU
usage goes
up
to.
that
helps a
lot.
Yeah, me too.
Okay. I have
chrome as well,
but
chrome is slow. I find firefox is very fast. Chrome has slowed
to boot up and firefox is like, you know, really quick. I love firebox,
so
Go I got to like six tabs open right now, but I'm looking at like maybe my CPU usage is about 60% right now, so yeah. Are not 60% of my RAM, you say? Just at 60% so Yeah.
But
How
many, how many cores do you have as far as your computer, like I have a quad core right now and I think
that makes a huge difference. But if I get a new computer, I'm looking at the hex core which is a six core processor and I've noticed that that does help a lot. I had a single cd single core processor before this computer and it was the Windows M. E. Memory eater is what it
stands for. Not Millennium Edition. That was a horrible, horrible operating system.
well, you know, prolific and then I also do some surveys. Um The other thing that I do is uh it's this little kind of trickle income part time clicks is they'll email you a task which involves going out to the internet and surfing for a, you know, certain website and then either responding back with the your l of uh that website are describing that website and they'll pay you a small, very small amounts like 25 cents. But then there's cerp clicks, S. E. R. P. K. L. C. L. I. X. And you have to have Firefox, you want to download their Firefox browser extension, log into it every day, keep a tab open to the serb clicks uh work area and what will happen is they'll pop up some sites they want you to go to and you're paid for those now about 5 to 10 cents each. But it adds up enough that, you know, it's like an extra 10 bucks a month, so you know, but it takes you very little time so to do it. Yeah, so.
yeah. Reddit, Beer money. Reddit prolific. I've been on those threads, that's how
I learned about surf clicks and you know, part time clicks. So
you can find a lot of, you can find other gigs through Youtube just, but you know, some of them are kind of, you know, the videos are kind of scampering,
but then there's some where, you know, they have some good leads, you know, and you just kind of research and you're like, I'll give that a try and see if it works for me. So that's what
I've done.
No,
helps.
I know people.
I
have
never
used them. I've never used them that I talked about. Another prolific user who did use mechanical turk. I haven't tried mechanical turk. Now, I have used a site called Nevo N E Vo
defined crowd and I don't have a smartphone, but if you have a smartphone, you can make some money. Because like right now they've been begging for people to record like audio commands. Because they worked with ai developing artificial intelligence and they're paying like, You know, 25, cents for each command. Um now on lion, I've been, you know sometimes listening to people's commands, you know where they're saying they're doing like, you know, two word command, hey, google, you know, hey Siri. And but you get some people that you know, they don't know how to record, right? There's like tons of background noise. It sounds like there like doing it next to the refrigerator while the refrigerator is running. It's like or in the background and you need a nice quiet room, you know, to do some of this commands.
What?
What?
All right.
Well, another suggestion I would say two is if you live near a big city and I live near Columbus in Ohio. But um join some of your look you might have to go through your yellow pages but look for marketing companies um that use focus groups um in your area. Um Now I've gotten signed up with a few local ones here and I have participated in their studies and you will have to travel you know into their facility A lot of times you're getting like $7500. I participated in two studies this year where I was sent to a research facility for some company that's contracting with this marketing company. It's a scientific research company and I was being videotaped operating medical devices for and I got paid like 100 bucks
for one and $125 for the other so you know um
But it's worth it. You will get like surveys sent to you to see if you that you have to kind of complete, you won't get paid for him. But it's basically to see if you match the demographic they're looking for, two conduct their marketing study. So yeah, if you live near a big city I would definitely would you recommend doing that as well? This kind
of little
psychic.
And I'm
done, I've done some with you. No one's from out of state to I had one where I did like a Skype Focus group and I got paid like $100 to give my impressions of a website and you know, I was like cool.
So.
bob.
I
don't know
how.
Okay, very nice to meet you too. Um It's too bad. You know, I have such good interactions with people through prolific. It's too bad. We don't have like some sort of prolific zoom site, you know, for all the prolific Urz, you
know?
yeah. Okay. Sounds good. All right. Have fun with the teaching, enjoy your
day.
Bye
bye.