I think.
I'm
good. I'm good. I just made some coffee and I haven't even uh mixed it up yet so it's looking really pretty.
are you doing?
I'm in texas.
Yes the famous Ohio Seahawks.
It's
Thanks.
Seattle.
Until.
Yeah. Actually when I saw your hat I was gonna ask you if you had a recommendation for like uh kind of a nature you travel guide over there. But maybe
maybe you don't maybe you do as a as a traveler.
Two
so.
C'mon.
That's
crazy to think that it might blow up again.
I mean
I mean you're 30 minutes like that's hoping there's no traffic right? I mean you're going
to die in
your
car I
guess.
You know. Um No I mean I realized that Mount Rainier could go crazy and then things would Be dangerous very quickly. But I hope that they just tell you 30 minutes so that you really rush and then you actually have like an hour and a half maybe. I hope I hope that's the case. But but yeah so I teach english online and I have
these days a lot of my students are from other countries but they're living in the US and usually they came here at least in some part to study english and because of the coronavirus lockdown they can't. So yeah I have a few students in Seattle actually that's why I was asking you if
you had
as.
No definitely not. So my undergrad is in like economics and political science and then I have a master's degree in Teaching English to speakers of other languages. But I mean I taught for 10 years before I had that masters degree. So yeah
and
usually usually business uh business english is one of the most in demand subjects, so I don't know if you've ever like um yeah, I worked for a larger company, usually people are really interested in like a corporate culture and stuff like that and I don't have much experience in that. So usually I am like I don't want to teach business
english because I'm kind of like this hippie guy that probably won't give you the best information about that.
They don't
but you know they might um they might give you you know like uh kind of it's kind of teaching someone how to use the library, you know, they probably won't actually give you a lot of information but they can teach you how to get more of it. But yeah, there's sites like the one that I find most of my students on is Cambly, C. A. M. B. L. Y. And so it's like a conversation practice website. So you don't need a degree to to work there and All you have to do is be over 18. Um So the requirements are pretty low. But yeah that doesn't mean like professionalism goes a long way. You know, a lot of, a lot of people trying to teach english, they just don't have any business savvy at all. So they're just like hanging up on people and you know uh making unhappy customers. So if you can manage that you're already like ahead of most people.
Yeah. I think
that's great.
Why?
Shit? Yeah.
Yeah. Like I said I lived in or maybe I didn't say but I was a teacher in Korea for 10 years. And part of the reason that I stayed there for so long is because of health care. Um It just like comes with your job and even if you lose your job it's only like $50 a month and it's really accessible, you know, Let's say I started feeling sick right now, I could go to the doctor and be back home in like 35 minutes, you know, and maybe the doctor, you know, not spend a lot of time talking to me, but if I didn't like that I could just find a different doctor who spent more time with me. It's not a it's not like here where I just don't have health care just straight and don't have it. So yeah. How did you make all these friends that you're talking to online?
Well
this
is,
I'm not sure I know that there's one that I always see advertisements for is Nord VPN and one of the things, I mean whatever. I'm not marketing for nord, but one of the things in there, as it's always like, it even works in china. They always, they always say that, but you know, it's a cat and mouse game, like they can ban stuff and then people will think of a new way to do it or say it and then they'll ban that and then people will think of a new thing. So
I mean there
always
be
some access.
totally.
Yeah, they're the administrators of the firewall. Right? So they probably know how to how to turn it off and on. Yeah. So are you, you just have these pimples for fun or are you
studying languages
with these
people?
totally.
That's
yeah, totally. That's
one thing I like about teaching is especially now that I've been doing
it online, it's like I'll talk to
people from 20 different countries in a single day and you know, I can get the live coronavirus
updates or or whatever, you know, what's the, what's the trendy new food in your area and uh I like that variety a lot. It's really interesting. Mhm.
You know, um I don't but usually there's like a lot of white board stuff,
but it's not free and yeah, mostly I use google docs actually, which is what I really enjoy because then we can like kind of collaborate, we can type and edit together. I don't know if you've used google docs before, but
so they can like type out what they think I'm saying and then I can correct it and they can see it. What I'm doing is like a live interactive micro software. Uh and it's free, so but yeah,
I have
had students from china and they it's blocked there so I can't use it, they're kind of annoying. Um But yeah, in terms of special software, not really,
Skype google docs, Maybe my web browser that's about it, um Campbell, Campbell is all like integrated into the browser so there's nothing to download or anything like that, which is nice. Yeah,
through the web browser. Mhm.
Yeah. And so I think what makes Cambly pretty nice is that you're in charge of your schedule then you can just like pretty much if you want to only work one hour a week, that's fine. If you want to stop working completely and start again in a month, that's fine. There's no contract, there is no like there's really no boss, you know, kind of pushing you around or telling you what to not do. But yeah, if you, you do have a rating and the rating really determines how many new students you get. So if you're, um, if you're whatever, not serving people well then your rating will go down and you won't get any more students. But honestly I think, uh, I think you did really well there. I think you think you would really have a great time and the pay isn't great. It's like 17 cents a minute. So it's like $10, an hour. But for just chatting, you know, I think it's, it's pretty good. Yeah.
Got you.
I mean, I had a laptop
from like 2015 and it was overheating a lot and just like it could do everything, but only one thing at a time. Um so I bought a used Lenovo
Um thinkpad for like $300 so much better, it's like it's like a new universe, so even like a pretty good upgrade, doesn't have to be very expensive, it came with Windows 10 that was included, got on amazon,
I mean
totally.
Yeah, I think
lot
of
websites are really sloppily designed um but in terms of rim, like I think I have, I have like 12 gigabytes of RAM, so if
you buy
computer
it'll it'll have a crap ton and that will make things run well also I use Firefox but
Cambly, Cambly requires crumb, which
is,
it's not great for me, but I feel like Chrome uses a lot more
resources but it's manageable.
True.
I'm a big
fan of Firefox as well for speed and I feel like I don't know how many tabs I have open right now, I'm probably 20. Uh And if I did that, if I did that in chrome it would, you know my computer would suck, but now I'm in Firefox and it's fine, it's like nothing's changed at all.
Yeah, I think my room's pretty chill right now, so you're like 12% or something. But yeah, if you have a 10 year old computer and you get a new computer, it'll be the bomb. Um it'll be great. But yeah, I also I have a I have a laptop but
my trick is that I plug it into a bigger monitor, so I have a monitor that I got for like $100. That's huge. See if I can show you without uh you still can't see it. Um Anyways, it's really big. I don't want to unplug my computer. But yeah, so usually when I'm using my computer, I'm actually looking at this giant monitor, not my little bitty laptop screen. And I also got this light on amazon. It's like a ring light to make my face, right? So it doesn't look like I'm, you know, a monster or whatever. But yeah, you know, with computers, it's kind of like, you could, You can spend $20,000 if you really wanted to.
The
what's
just
When does me was pretty rotten. I remember that. I remember going from Windows 98, 2 windows and me and being like, why did you do this Microsoft? Uh But yeah, I have a quad core. I have four. Yeah, I just checked. I could never I don't usually think of it off the top of my head, but but yeah, I'm curious. You said you had some sidekicks? What are your other side gigs that you do? The.
Yeah. Not much, not much mental effort, which is nice. Yeah. Yeah. Have you uh surely you know a facebook, but do you know of Reddit, have you used that before?
Night.
And are you?
So
Before
before corona I was using um job spotter. Did you ever hear about that?
So all you do is you you take a photograph of a wanted ad, So like we're hiring drivers, you take a photo of that and then you take a photo of the businesses sign and Sometimes you only get five cents, sometimes you get like $2. So I was getting like,
I don't know $30
while I was just on a walk. Um It was pretty pretty chill. Uh huh. Yeah but how about like amazon mechanical turk and stuff like
that? Have you thought
of
doing that?
in that?
I've done some work like that before. So
yeah as a teacher you sometimes you get asked to do like
the audio track for a test which is like voice acting kind of. And then through that I found some other voice acting jobs and landed on like going to the L. G. Laboratory where they're training their training their ai but they're training their ai with amazon. So with Alexa. So they'd have me read this big list of words in this like giant acoustically proofed room and they had a stereo in there and the stereo would play like a buzz
just like what you're talking about. It would be like, it would have me record the sound while the buzz changed and You know, I did it like four or five times and by the 5th time it was just like, you know, you're basically you're listening to a giant buzz for an hour and I just like I said, it's not worth it, but
Goodbye.
Worth it.
I live
in Austin.
Um So we've got a million people here. We got a bunch of those marketing companies a lot. And when I was in community college here, a lot of my classmates were paying for their university studies with medical studies. So they're like taking random medicine and reporting the effects and stuff. So it's a yeah, it's a big, big industry over here. But hey,
I actually,
That sounds like a user testing.com. That's what that sounds like. To me, that website you can test websites for usually like $100.
But yeah, I have something to do at 9:00, so
I need to wrap this up and finish the survey and get to that. But hey,
it
to
meet you.
know,
that might be cool to share even more of these ideas. Right? Well, if you post on reddit, maybe I'll see you there.
Thank
you. Yeah.
Bye Bye.