Hey, we're being a little bit later.
I Yeah,
I have no idea what we're supposed to be talking about, but for like 25 minutes we're supposed to be here, so
Right. Hi Michael,
you too?
I'm from saN Antonio, so
Well not now because things are, you know how they are, but Yeah,
well,
I was supposed to graduate next weekend with my bachelor's, but that's kind of not happening,
which is fine, but um as long as I like pass this week and next week I should be okay. And
then
whenever the rescheduled thing happens, I'll probably go to it or something. I don't know honestly, at this point, I don't care.
And
No.
Now is not the best time, but you know.
Oh, the online thing has been horrible.
I
like
all.
No.
Ever since we went online, I
just, my sleep
schedule got bad classes were just a mess. Nobody knew how
to do things. It's it's not fun. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. I mean most of the classes that have had even though they've been online a bit, some of them were just
never meant to be online since like my main graduation class we're supposed to do like this pr campaign and do like serving in person and talk
to other businesses so that can't really happen online. So I mean we did most of it before this whole um mess happened but we're still struggling to get things together at the very end so we have another week to turn things in but we're not doing
anything as good as it was supposed to be. Yeah
we'll probably be fine but
I'm
pretty
sure I'm not getting an A just because of lack of data.
All
I know they're now doing pass or fail but I think we have to decide by friday. Yeah. Yeah
this is somebody who
goes up
there.
Great.
You
stop
them?
Weird.
Because I'd rather have it to where
I can choose pass or fail after finals next week. But if I have to decide this week then it might not be worth it
definitely.
Because I think
one class I might actually need pass or fail, the other ones I still don't know yet and I have to decide by friday so it may be a
bad idea just to choose pass or fail and then suddenly it would actually be better for my G. P. If I didn't. So but then again I'm graduating so it kind of just doesn't matter anymore. Like like a little bit of an extra G. P. A boost may not matter.
Yeah definitely
definitely.
Yeah like it was doing
real is pretty good at the beginning by March with midterms and all that. It got weird
and then now
it's just very
weird. Yeah
I just feel bad for anyone who has to like do summer classes or stuff for the fall because summer classes at least here now they're online fully the fall they still don't know at least I'm done. But it's just weird.
now is not the best time to do that so so
I know a lot of people over by the campus they tried getting out of their leases as fast as they could and then they couldn't and then people student housing they were waiting forever for refunds
and stuff and they just now
got them
so,
so I
know at least here
they did a housing meal plans and parking passes but apparently the refunds were very small for almost all of them. Yeah,
I mean over the summer I would have preferred that just because most of the classes I did last summer
were already online, so that
didn't really matter. But now it's starting to feel a little bit too weird because all the professors who normally do stuff in person, they're still having trouble adjusting and it's probably not even worth it to like do summer classes for some people,
they haven't even done that here.
No,
U. T. S. A.
nice.
all I know is that at least they're considering to refund some of the stuff like the rec center and all that, but a lot of people are still pretty mad and no one's really answered anything. Yeah,
it could be better, but I mean, mhm. I never really had faith in you T. S. A. Doing anything significant.
pretty much anything you T. S. A. Does is always coming
from Ut anyways so and
I've heard that you t is possibly considering opening up for the fall. So if that's the case probably you'd say well too. Yeah. But
all
I know is a lot of my friends we just want to just take a semester off or two if it actually
gets more complicated
because I don't even know how people
are doing labs right now for like their science classes.
Yeah.
And then like even like the little fees, like the transportation fees we
have and all that, no
one can use that because the campus is closed. So if we're gonna get a refund, I mean that'd be nice, but I have no faith in them. Yeah.
They never do. I think I just honestly, even
before all this, I wasn't really happy with most of like the campus and them handling certain stuff because over like spring of last
year I got charged in housing for like something that wasn't my fault
and then
I sent in pictures and all that and it took them all the way until fall started. Yeah.
But yeah, I mean they just take forever for everything, but it might be the case everywhere else.
I don't know.
I've heard.
Uh
at least I'm out of there. But even like I've wanted to like at least have an influence before I left with like student government association like vote for stuff and all that at this point I don't even care because no one really wants to deal with it because we had a scandal here where like apparently everyone's fees were being put towards this glorified vacation. Like san marcos for all the student people with student uh S. G. A. And then people made a big deal about it. But then no one ever cared about the whole mess. Mhm.
Yeah. Honestly like the moment I left um the campus and all that, it
started to feel like I wasn't even like a part of U. T. S. A. Anymore. Just because like I'm already graduating and like everything is completely different. So honestly I kind of feel like I don't care. But a little bit of me does since I still want to go to the graduation, but it's just some minutes over there.
I mean at least I'm probably still going to get the degree in the mail by like june or something. But
like with like my cap and gown that I bought like now I just have it, I don't know when I'll use it and
then
just
going
in a random ceremony
probably september or something. I mean, okay, it's, it's just that a lot of people I know just don't even want to go to the ceremony or they just wanted a refund for their cap and gown, but some people couldn't even get refunds on that since the bookstore
hasn't reopened. So mm
like I have mine, I don't really care, but
it's just there. Um
put
up.
Well they offered us like this weird online thing where we have
to
like send a picture in and then just like uh record your voice and submit that in. Then they'll just do this weird, like I think it's like a power point slide. I don't even know.
But
they wanted to do this weird online
ceremony
like at the end of May, honestly, I don't even care. I just submitted the thing in anyways, but I'm probably not going to watch. I'm probably just gonna ignore it.
No.
Like it's just a power point slide. Like do I really just want a power point slide? No.
my God. Oh, weird.
There's
no point.
That's just weird. And then how many people would even be
in there and like a call like that?
So
it's no point.
Mine, nobody really cared about
as far as like the classes. I mean most of them,
I want to say most of them are just recording because they don't even want to do zoom or anything since it's just too much of a hassle. Like one class, they just didn't want to do a zoom call for 100 and something
people
just because it's too hard to coordinate so they just recorded everything. I know one of my professors to I guess ever since this whole thing
happened,
I mean she's a finance professor so it makes sense because everything's messed with finance too I guess like throughout March, she was just slowly having like a almost like a weird emotional breakdown. Because you could tell in her videos that like she's crying. And like at the end of one of the recording, she's like at least I didn't cry or sound sad this
time. And that just sucked. Like
But I don't know. I mean at least I'm not doing too bad.
That's
easier.
Please
pretty
much now.
But other than that, I mean it's just almost been normal because I mean, I don't really do other stuff lately.
Like my classes, I mean there's just been so busy even with or without this whole mess that was already a big
semester ahead of me.
I
didn't really have a spring break like three days into spring break they announced is extended. And then all my professors start emailing me saying, I don't know how we're gonna do this. Like if if were supposedly
going to close, I'll just try to record, it's not gonna be the same.
I know you guys are gonna
need help,
but it's just a mess.
And then the second week of that spring break, it turns into instead of them closing and reopening like mid april, there were closed for good. We're just going to try to figure out this whole pass or fail thing because there was a petition to for it. And then I guess apparently they really felt that it was a good idea which it was and then a lot of the classes started cutting up a whole bunch of stuff because they were so behind already.
So some of the stuff I had to do, like that second week of spring break everything got pushed back because I guess they rescheduled everything and found a few extra days. So like this week we weren't really supposed to have much work to do. Now I have like a whole bunch
of extra stuff and then
instead of having like a study day or two that's built
in for finals now the study days of the weekend and then finals
are monday to thursday or so. And then friday I believe grades are due and then graduation would have been next saturday. So
that's that
as far as I mean grading a lot of stuff got cut, a lot of the grades are really messed up there trying to do the online prospering thing. I mean it's kind of working for some
people but some professors just really don't even want to deal with it so they're just not doing it like
my exams they just got cut for essays. I mean I guess
that's cool but it's
weird.
Yeah I'd rather not write a 10 page paper
that's not fun. At least here they haven't been that bad, they've given us at least like five or six days but all I know is like these schedules that
I keep getting from one of my professors, it keeps changing just because either she's not ready or she's constantly cutting more stuff out from the schedule that's already been cut or she like we've got an email yesterday saying that um sorry for not posting this quiz on monday. Um I just got busy over the weekend and just didn't want to deal with stuff, so now it's due on thursday and then friday is the last day of classes so all this Take out two more quizzes and just deal with that. So it's weird. I mean I would probably not care just because at least that one class I have an and so it doesn't really matter if I have extra quizzes or not to like buff
me, but I know some people really need like a little bit of extra stuff to be greatest
and then
and
like right now it doesn't feel like the semester's ending, it still feels like
or
doing like after spring break, but I don't know.
And then my finals, I mean the whole schedule is so weird,
remember?
I know I had one that was due this week but now some of them because they were trying to stay by the schedule that they had from before the changes but clearly that couldn't work. So now like one of them is just having it open for I think like Tuesday until thursday night
and then one is just trying to figure out either monday or Wednesday.
It's just so weird because I don't even know what to do next week outside of just I have a few assignments and then when my finals are we'll just figure
out later,
Jack kind of is going week to week. So
I
I really want this to be over already.
But the thing is I want it to be over but I know like in two classes of mine I just kind of need more time to like get stuff done just because like my grades aren't the best
in those but
times already out. So I don't know. Uh huh.
But I mean at least two of them are already done with
for the most part. And then like for example one class we're supposed to do this big presentation with faculty and like other people from like area of nonprofits that turned into just turn in a power point slide and just no not like a slide but like a power point thing. And like I guess our one page paper in a sense just turn that instead. Which isn't necessarily the best because we were supposed to get graded over like the entire semester's worth of work and now we're not. So I don't know I mean it might be easier. It just probably isn't the best for my grade. And that's the one class of mind that I'm doing my P. R. Campaign for which is basically the entire class that's the only grade. So If you get an 80 on it you just gotta be. So it's not necessarily the best to be dropping points on. But then again I don't know if I want to even bother with grad school because I haven't even fully considered it. But I
know some classes I don't care if I take the credit no credit because it won't impact it. This one campaign class that I'm doing. I don't know if it impacts it at all. I mean I could just take credit no credit and just get whatever I get not have to deal with it again. But then it might impact me later because the thing is nobody has answers to it. And it's really just because if they had answers, then I could just keep in the back of my mind. But
then again, I wasn't going to grad school like
in the fall if I would consider it maybe a year or two later. Because some classes, I mean, some programs, you need to have a certain amount of either work experience or you need to have some sort of like non profit work to volunteer stuff. So I don't know. I mean, I'm just kinda here waiting.
Well, if I were to do grad school, I'm considering either business or go back to communication. All I know is the only thing I hated about it is that I
heard that like, a Master's in communication, you would need to do a bit more like actual research. And that's the thing I hated the most about my degree. Because the pr stuff that I'm doing is we don't really do research. It's just like it's
weird.
It's I think it's weird almost like copying pasting of like the same certain
like objective yeah, specific on them. But most of the time I
was just copy and paste the same thing. Change a few words just because it needs to be like um specific for each little thing. But I'm not necessarily too excited
for like a degree where I have to do more research and then do a whole bunch of like analytic stuff forward. Since I just never cared about that part of communication. But
I mean degree all I know that certain classes of mine I would actually have to like get a grade instead of like I credit no credit thing, so I don't know. Okay. Yeah. Honestly,
I just want to be done to actually enjoy my summer for a little bit however I can and then just wolf stuff later.
I have
no clue like I have absolutely no because
I think
we started, Oh yeah I see a timer now. 32 so we're good
cool meeting you to enjoy I guess the rest of you t for the next two years, however that works.
Obviously I don't care anymore.
I