looks like we've got it. I can hear you great. Can you hear me? Good? I had echo less person so it was real bad.
Yeah. For him. I don't know what was going on with me. Super.
Yeah, I'm glad this is good. This is my last round. So I was hoping it would work out. Mhm
mine's off. I don't even know where it is. Okay.
I got a clock,
I got a clock here. It might be a minute or two off. But you know they vary the computer and your other clock. So
notice that
phone. Mm Anyway, so what part of are you in the US somewhere? Uh
Okay because this would be sent well central time zone. I know they check your time zone but that's not central. That's something else.
I've been to Arizona and it's beautiful. Just beautiful. Not
This time of year. Hot, definitely. We get hot here and uh I'm in the southeastern United States and it's very green but you know sometimes it's 90's high humidity horrible.
Tennessee specifically Tennessee?
What what about the people?
people
I know they noticed that you know and I think when we live here it's like but it's true people that come seem to just enjoy it. Especially the further east you go you know where you get some mountains and you get the greenery. It's very unique I think. But wouldn't it be like what was your college area?
But
you're
but your college would be sort of like Tennessee you'd have the greenery and the rolling hills and all that, would you not
Virginia and Virginia?
Did
you know?
Well
I live in the home of the Elvis. This is this is an Elvis land. Exactly
Memphis. He plays, he plays a big part of the culture here in town. You know festivals and they celebrate, we call it Elvis Death day in august I mean they celebrate the day, the day it was born.
I'm serious. It's crazy. We got some great, I was telling a guy the other day on this thing. We got some crazy festivals. We have the international barbecue cooking contest
and
it's serious. I mean international uh thousands and thousands of people come for it. And also the competitors are from literally all over the world. They're surprised. Yeah, not good ones
out there but and the smell and the smoke. What that's going on? I mean it is everywhere. Mm we like our barbecue. Yeah
and it's but national has it to Kansas City has it too. I mean America if anything, we got good barbecue, you know, so
I
forgot
about that. They've got the different and sauce uh,
minus
sauce and the Kansas city sauce and sauce. And you're right, I forgot,
I forgot about texas saucy
that
oh yeah, I think they're in the brisket, You got some of them in the brisket and were pulled pork.
for
now, is that funny? And say I'd prefer beef brisket, which is more like the northern so you always
want
what you don't have.
Anyway,
I was gonna I was gonna ask you about food, so yeah. Mhm.
No, mm,
well, and of course, I was just about to say, I can't get enough mexican food, See can't get enough my family, if we say where are we going to go out to eat mexican? Yeah,
I'm so
good, mm hmm. Again,
you always want what you can't have or vice versa or whatever, so that's okay.
I
mean an atmosphere
Well, are you going to move on then, Are you in school did you say?
Or
your your way beyond that? Right.
Whoa. Last year
I got you became like an avatar. Okay. I know, I can hear you great but you became a gray avatar. Okay.
No. Yeah. Yeah it's like no picture. Let me see if I can click on something real quick. I don't know if it's me your politics, we're
better
up.
Well if I have to report it, I can just say you know that we were able to finish but we had a difficulty because we can talk between us so I'm not and in your hair and Nate you're back. That was where excuse me, I should have grabbed
this one. I had my chance. Alright. Allergies. Yeah, well
I'll
be
oh my God and I'm not lying. You hear people say this but Memphis with allergy doctors and everything, we are the allergy capital of the USa and it's true, it's not just a phrase, it's true for people that are doing this the whole year round and the types of trees and the number of allergy doctors, it's the fact we got it here the worst. So
ma'am, everybody sniffles and sneezes,
sneezes
what they would expect.
Well
I
don't think I'm exaggerating, I just think I've lived here 35 years or so and yeah, anyway, it's whatever but well are you uh are you finding some ways to keep yourself occupied and stuff? I mean I'm trying to come up with like new hobbies and this is bad and getting on the internet more just wondering are you doing anything better than uh
They're awful,
aren't they?
you
do.
Bad.
Yeah, me too. And I guess I was just referring to like kind of things that you're doing inside. Like I was telling somebody today how now I'm starting to feel like the walls closing in but a couple of things um I'm watching the clock, a couple of the things that I found sorry, throat problems to allergies.
Um I I saw an article, a short article saying that they were soliciting in the next town letters for seniors that were shut ins at the nursing home to just write cards and notes
and love letters. So I've been doing that and I love it. It makes me feel so worthwhile. Somebody might have to read it to them probably, but you know, I put a bible verse with them that I have thought up like one on hope, one eyepiece, one on love, one on whatever. I got four of them. And then I write just a note and I say like I thought of you today. You are special to me. You are not forgotten. Whatever. Mm hmm. That's what I tell them. And I just write them up like that kind of duplicate. And I have some pretty cards and I put them all in a big envelope so I don't have to individually stamp. Um so for about three bucks I can send 30 of them and I've done that three times. So I've sent 90 over to that facility to, to route
at
the car.
No,
no, I get lazy eye. Well I have problems with my hands so much. Um I have just like for lack of a better term bad arthritis. So my handwriting is shaky and my hands get tired real quick. So go to be frank. It would be a disaster. So I have to just like do it at my own pace and like manage, but I do. So that's one thing I'm doing. The other thing that's gonna be the challenge along those same lines. My half sister who lives in Virginia beach, he's older than me, but she sent me, she knows how I paint. I painted my whole life, which is why my hands being a problem is disappointing. But she sent me a canvas paint by numbers, hummingbird picture to do. Unfortunately, it's like between my eyes and my hands. It's like this big, you know, the little numbers and I had to kind of tell her, you know, thank you and I'm going to have hand, I'm not have hand surgery on his hands. The dominant one noise. So I said thanks. I love it. So pretty. You know, a lot of hummingbirds, which I have everywhere. So two days ago, she sends me, sorry my throat, she stands me a makeup thing. Like, well, since you can't do that, I'll send you that. She sent me a big thing again of hummingbirds paint by numbers. But this time, what do you call it? Cross stitch? Mhm.
Oh, it's even tinier. And she sent me a beautiful spoon rest with an iris on it because she knows that's the other thing I collect. She's trying so hard and she's very, very, very, very old and she's not really close to me or anything. So I'm kind of surprised like, why am I getting all these gifts, You know, But I think I know why and I hate to even contemplate. So anyway, that's supposed to be for helping me in my, you know, enclosures and something to do. But it's not the best thing for me. And I want to see if there's anything else. I went on a list of what I was doing. Um, yeah, I've learned how to make smoothies and I make them constantly. I am a new blender forum. I love them. And the last thing to tell you in case you're interested is I have a new tablet. Best thing I ever bought myself should spent $300 before now. I'm like the millenniums walking around with my tablet.
Yeah. It's the only one that's an apple for,
I don't play games per se. But follow me. I love it. I do the apps all the time and bye bye. Love
it.
One That's New. The Meditation one is new. Uh, sounds to go to sleep with at night since I don't go to bed till like three every night. Oh yeah. My life is hell. Then. Which ones do I have? Um I have paprika. Good cooking one.
Good cooking one. Help you for meal planning and looking for recipes and then carrying it to the grocery store. It's all in one. I love it. Let's see what else do I have? Um see I don't have any like driver ones and all. You know words you know I used to my my brother passed we used to play words with friends all the time. I love that. Um What are the ones do I have? Yeah I mean I have more than that but you know a very impatient. I only try them for a short time and then they are out of there. They're not hogging up memory if I don't like them right away I erased them and I try something else. So
Do
you have
do you have do you like the driver was?
Me
too
me
too.
Make
it.
Which
birth?
That's me. Which? Right my nephew took my 30 year old nephew to just He said that go get one. I said okay he had to keep encouraging me and I got it at that place. I know I'm gonna get it wrong but they're like the refurbished ones. He kept saying he's just called is it gazelle?
Well it's something like gazelle and you said that you need to just go I've got my kid this one you will find it. You get on a waiting list. If you put in for a fair one you'll probably get a good one. You know all that upgrade for free. All true everything. Yeah
I just had to wait about a month then I got it good
service
but
you're
why
I didn't get it. I'm on my laptop of course, but I don't even use my laptop. It's heavy, it's bulky. Don't like it.
It was good
for us.
I'm never without my phone. No because I like to get my messages so I must admit I don't play with it and stuff but I like it very much. Which, So do you have a favorite app or two that I need to make note of? Do you have anything?
I have
that
one too and you know what it's called? Uh huh. Oh it's got a flower and it's so good. It's
so
good.
Okay then you know the one I'm talking about my phone to tiny. Could never do it but on my tablet it is perfect. But it's a little pink flower. Okay that's it. That's the best one. I've researched all those. I think I think that's the best one, yep.
Have to do it on my iPad. Oh, no problem. No problem. It saved me because like I said, I've been an artist since I was 15 years old and and now to get down in, I also have tremors real bad. Almost like Parkinson's, I don't have Parkinson's but I take medicines that make me shake bad. So another strike against it. But we're talking about that now. Um And that's one I loved and can do. And I was gonna say I forgot that way. I can't remember it. I got to look at the I kind of know but Okay, so we both have that one. What
else do you
have?
Hi.
I'm
I'm sorry.
All
That's
for slots in
that might because obviously I've done, you know, shading and graduation grant
degradation.
I mean my whole life has been nothing but working at those things. Um But the way my physical is gone, it's interesting you said that because when you were going from like mandalas to like Crans, you know, before it became electronic, like we're talking about try to try to use kranz to fill in the lines and stay in the lines and stuff. Disaster. And
I just
gave
up.
I
know
well
if
I
christian I can go to youtube and see a demo a little bit
that
ain't tutorial you.
You
have to get the, you got to get those on amazon or somewhere. Those kids, those pencils.
Oh, I go there. I mean they're right down the street, you know one master master pin, right? Like a, like almost like a stylist or something, right?
You're saying it's ok. I mean like a one size fits all, but you're picking up the color here. Okay. Okay.
got you. Huh?
What?
Well, if you like it, I can tell that that might be worth well. And it just be another creative thing. And maybe what I've missed from doing my own kind of art, um kind of taking steps back to the paint by numbers was was a step back. But on the other hand, I was so excited to have a way to uh just to create, because it's also those paint by numbers. They make you like really concentrated and you've got to be really studious at it and you've got to really
try to follow it so hard, you know? And you get this big release of color and they give you damn one thing we're talking about, They must have 250 sheets for you to do. I mean, I could work at that for months and they would do A 5th of them, you know, or eight and I thought man and free. So it's a good
I don't check it out. I knew you would have something in your little guide
book, helped
me out.
Now that
I
probably they put us together. I don't know why, but maybe they knew something that's good. That's
good.
Well, I was a watercolor. It's when most
of my life and when I was 15, I won my first award and I put a painting of daisies, which is right there uh in the uh like the jury show and I think I want third place. I was in with the adults and 1/3 place. And that started it off. And so I I did show and I sold and stuck with teachers. And anyway, it was very, very rewarding. And I just I happen to love water colors. And later when I quit, for some reason I went and picked up pastels, oil pastels. I mean, my teacher, she just she's going away. I mean, I've done my green onions and Eggs and a Glass Bowl. Try that one filled with water.
No pencil, pencil, pencil with whitewater whitewater and a glass bowl with eggs. Yeah.
I I mean, I really have in my day, you know the I mean, I was very fortunate gave me a lot of talent with art. Yeah. And I feel good teachers longer what I who encouraged me. So leaving that behind. This made me sad. But now I'm finding some of that again. Yeah. I mean, these things, even if they're kind of like five year olds would do, still makes me feel all right?
So
yeah, Yeah you can get the subtlety out of it and that's that's what was always so beautiful about it. Um And that's why I chose watercolor for so many years because that blending and you know just having it happened. You know just throw the ink down there. I mean the paint and let the water swirl it around and a lot of lot of magic to that
is it.
And I never get oil.
Yeah I used to know the best and you can't go back. You can't once you laid it down that
water
is gone and done its thing and it dries can't really cover it
up.
It
looks
bad, looks bad. Yeah
you
should do
it. You know you should do it especially if it was a challenge to you. You sound very into your art and certainly very capable. So I'm encouraging you go back and try it, see what happens. Especially if it's been many, many years and there's no telling what will happen if I didn't have all my deficits. I'd be jumping in the class every which way I could, you know? So,
Well yeah, people didn't relate. Well you'd have your talkers over in one area, right? And then you have your serious, whatever their workers together. And that's how it was when I went later and just went in a lady's house and we did the work. That's what I did all the oil pastels. But I don't know how do I manage that? But she just had me do things. I thought she was nuts. I mean I just thought she was nuts. I'm saying I've never done oil pastels. I've never done like a celery stop and showed all of its whims and rhymes and bridges. I can do that with highlights. Oh yeah I did.
You
should
get some black paper that helps a lot.
The
yeah you're just giving me memories. This goes back a ways and I don't mean to brag but I'm just saying it's just funny what you can nail and you didn't think you could, you know? So
the owner of the median medium in uh in that and but I wouldn't do oil. I don't think I can't even think of what I did. And then uh acrylic was, I'm looking acrylics right now. Actually I did darn good in acrylics. She
was one that introduced me to abstracts. Oh my God. I thought what are you doing to me lady? Because I was a rule of stall all these years and she said no. And what we would do, did you know we gotta go, did you ever had a teacher and one of your classes? Sounds like you had a lot of them where they cut, you cut out different odd pieces of paper and then you put them in the frame and you know that technique from you know and then you just do them upside down sideways, get a shoe and then maybe get a mountain. Okay.
Just
like
shoes like that. Real artsy.
She
did that to
me.
But
I'm telling you
it
worked and I got some fantastic Danny's out of it. Yeah,
she
worked
on
it was fun. In fact, I've got a stack I'm looking at right here. I'm looking at everything right here. I'm looking at the staff magazines, jeez about this high but their fashion. But I have magazines right here. Any time I want to jump in and start getting some scissors and basin frames out, it's ready to go. Mhm. Get my acrylics act Anyway. Well, you have been a delight. I've got yeah, I got past. I've got to 30. Not that I couldn't talk to you another hour. But you have been a July. You've encouraged me. I wrote down that program for sure.
hmm. And you might want to write down paprika if you're in the cooking at all.
Maybe not.
I'm just encouraging you on that one because I think it's really good for just all encompassing on your food.
I need
We all need that right now. It's depressing. Let's use it. Security and everything else.
I agree. And I have all these health conditions so I can't I'm one of those compromise people. So I can't even think of Like I was talking I have a therapist that I talked to once a week. I said we were talking today. I said, I can't even think about going to a restaurant. I'm not going to a restaurant. He says, well and his handicapped too, as it turns out, he's in a wheelchair. He goes beth I'm not going to restaurant and my whole family went on Tuesday and invited me for the first time and I couldn't because I wouldn't know
because I have these illnesses can't
go with these illnesses.
Yeah. I said, how did it go when you went? It was a Jason's deli if you in front of us and there wasn't many people there. So that was good and it was the six ft and I don't know about the mask situation. I think we have a mandate masks everywhere now, just change two weeks ago. Um, So, you know, you could say they were, you know, comfortable enough, but I'm understanding that the events and the blowing and the heating and the air conditioning systems now is starting to be a suspect of giving that people. In fact, I think my therapist today told me that just came out today
as
Well he told me that like at 11:00 today. I said that's what I thought. I heard prior. He said that I think I heard that today that they're being suspect about it. So anyway, long story short um because of my compromised immune system with my problems like diabetes and everything else I can't I can't I can't take a chance. I'm not even being around. And I've only been around him twice since the things started. No. Mhm.
About 20 minutes. But my nephew came down with it.
Mhm. From work His supervisor gave it to 30 workers.
Uh Construction and stuff hey? He was so pissed he quit because they risk Uh huh. 30 people and then his child got it because they didn't kill him. The
supervisor
he said it was very tough pain and shelter for two weeks with his asthma. He said it was hell yeah
this little girl. No, no bob she sailed through it and now he's fine but I'll be honest with you I don't I don't really wanna get near even still you know So and then my sister is extremely ill and I would have been her to go. Yeah I mean she's like Badil so it's very sad ill. We have a lot of problems. I'm unloading on you right now but I'm just saying there are people out there That can't take a risk and then I see you know Panama City dancing in the street, 22 year olds and I think they're crazy. Not only are they going to get themselves, are going to give it to their grandparents. So that, and
I'm almost that age, you know, I don't want it. So I'm being very careful, but I'm miserable. You know, we, we might not get, what do you call it? Um, shot, whatever it's called,
you might not vaccine. We might not get that till after the first of the year. So take care of yourself too.
Well, I think you've given a very good piece of advice to me and I'm uplifted by what you said and that's why I talk to my therapist every week just for like you're talking about that grounding. Even just advice just that pick me up and it's just something that I've chosen to need um, since my other family members, you can't serve me in that respect. So mm.
I miss seeing them face to face. It's very diminished over the phone. That I might just, funny I just thought to myself I might cut back because it's just not you know it's just not working the same way
but
Well it's funny we tried that at the beginning but the quality and the connection or some crap was so bad and disturbing. We both said forget the single work. So we we just it didn't work but it sounds like you may be and I are going to be fine once the weather turns and it's cooler and we can get out there and walk.
True.
Me
too
me too. Well you have been a delight. You
have picked
up my spirits that you have the nicest smile and I appreciate it because these are kind of dark times and um I think maybe they put us together based, I don't know that they couldn't have known our hobbies or anything and
we don't
have
to
but
and me too, we were last minute.
So well you were my last one out of four, but you are certainly not the last of you being a delightful person. So
thank
you for your sharing
The. 10 Yeah, yeah, yeah. The watercolor class. Who? I think you'll do fine I
think.
Yeah. And you know it's so much fun. Good.
Well
that would make
me feel good.
I am. I've got plans already. We'll figure it out. Okay. Okay.
Take care. Nice
to see you. Bye bye.
Let's
see how to get out of this thing. Yeah.