Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. I think people okay. Mhm. It's Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, I can imagine.
Now it's all clear or here.
Okay. Oh no, I just wanted to make sure that my phone doesn't go off so I just turned it off so. Mhm.
I
got,
the phone
and yeah. Yeah.
I'm in Arizona. Yeah.
He doesn't want, it has its own time, like it has its own time, it doesn't change. So I used to live in Virginia and then when I went out to college to go to university, Arizona, I would always have to change like daylight, whatever. We don't have to do that here. Yeah.
A little hot.
Yeah. Where, where are you located?
Okay. I've been to Tennessee. Okay. Tennessee's beautiful.
As a, as a tendency is beautiful, rolling hills and it's
just so green,
We'll see. Like I said I'm for Virginia. And then so um I went to undergrad in Tucson and
so it was
like a marked change.
Well I mean being from
had that, had that and then um you know went out to college in Arizona and so like in Tucson it's a lot of sun obviously because we're in the desert but
but
yes, I definitely missed the green. Not gonna lie. Yeah. You
know.
So you're in Nashville
Are you serious?
Now I've heard of that, I've heard of
that,
What?
You all do.
Yeah, definitely. A Carolina. The Carolina style. They
have their
own,
this is like vinegar
base
texas has its own thing too. So
texas
has its own thing.
Well I pulled work. I
love pulled pork.
No,
I love
what you don't have what you don't have, wow. So
like
no, I definitely love like barbecue and you know something like the southern staples, right? I mean you just don't really get them out here, you know?
obviously I hear is like a lot of mexican food, which obviously I'm not really a fan of. So
Are you serious? Oh my God. No, we have a lot of that here. Like can go down the street and across the street and I mean obviously you, it makes sense. But yeah, I'm just not
not
nothing.
Yeah, but you know, but I don't know anyone who says they want desert though. That's the thing. I'm more
than willing to trade.
I'm done. I am done.
no,
I'm
I know. I'm done with school. I'm done with school. I've been done with school. Um It's just that, you know, I would definitely love a change. I mean, just with this climate obviously is not really conducive right now. You know, we have the upcoming elections and I just, you know, who knows? So, just the way the climate is right now. You know, I know some people do like, you know, like there are people California right in Washington and Oregon. I mean, I know some people in Washington to tell me that they want to move out. So, you know, until I think after the election, until things settle down. I don't really think that this is just me talking. Yeah,
I don't see you.
Mhm. That's strange.
It
might
be quality chicks because like everything is clear over here. Okay.
no.
we
have allergies
out here too. So
I didn't know that right.
I
always thought it was like the midwest because we have a lot of midwest people out here. And so uh like a lot of midwest people say that in the summertime it gets really hot and humid and then the allergies are really bad. So a lot of people move out because of like lung conditions or whatever because the dry air, but they brought their trees and stuff with them, so you
so they just have the same thing, but
I guess drier
weather.
You know, because like I think each place is different, right? So in each city is different too, so um for me like I'm just not able to do the mask, like I just only wore the mask to the eye doctor because I had to go, I cannot read in those at asthma.
Like
yeah, I have asthma and I just don't Yeah, I mean I just had to take it down. I was at the eye doctor and I think they knew that. So like with that. So that's uh with that I just made a choice not to go to like the bookstores and all that kind of stuff. It's just it takes the joy out of it for me. So I just, you know, I respect that. That's the thing. It's just not for me. So with that like you know, I've been doing my hobbies and such and it's hot outside anyway, so I wouldn't really be going out so when the weather cools down then I'll definitely be going out. So
like
for us, yes, for us, like in our town, like they say that they have the mandate, but you don't really, they told they said that the police were going to get involved in like we're going to do like they don't have enough manpower anyway. And like I said, I cannot breathe in those. Like I said, I have asthma, so what are they going to do? So
when the weather gets cooler, I'll definitely be going out,
allergy.
That's cool.
wow. So you
get creative,
like, so you get creative like with colored paper and markers and pencils
and stuff.
wow. That's a lot of detailed work right there.
So you have an ipad?
Oh, cool. So you're like reading book? Yeah, so like you're reading books and doing all kinds of stuff on it.
Well
what kind of apps do you have? Mm. Yeah. Yeah.
I haven't heard that one.
Well there's so many things on the, you know the 18th store, right? That store that, you know I mean like the
drawing
apps.
Yeah, because I do, yeah, because I'm a creative person and I just love having just like, once I got that tablet, like the world change because I watch my shows on there, you know, obviously
checked
my mail and just read my books on there and
drawing
apps and games. I mean it's just a lot of fun. I I love my ipad, I so
love
it. I
can't
believe I didn't have one before.
You know, there's so many.
Okay.
it's so
much fun. It's
so
much
fun.
you could just curl up and then you have your little tablet there. And I like I said, I love it. Absolutely love it. And like, because when they first came out, I'm just like, why do I need another device? Because like you have your phone and then you have your computer, like why am I going to get, you know what I mean? It doesn't make sense. And then on top of that, people were getting like the Kindle thing too. And I'm just like, okay, so you have a laptop and then you have like your tablets and you have a Kindle, then you get your phone and it's just, you know, even
though I
it just got to be too much, but then once I got it, I'm like yeah I'm really happy with it because I don't really use my phone much either, you know?
You know as as far as like apps on my I've had like I said I have like uh like the drawing apps like the painting apps. There's one that's like paint by number on there too. And
I
quote,
I
have that one
on my phone actually.
So you can do paint by number, you just need to do it on your ipad.
You
know
there might be one that you might like. It costs 999 in the app store that procreate. So so all
you have
to yeah
so the procreate. So if you have the apple pencil because you need the apple pencil but the apple pencil um you can just draw a circle then it fills it in for you. So it will fill in a lot of things and there are a lot of Youtube
videos. So it's a great way to do art. And you don't have
to be you don't have to be like
yeah you don't have to be precise like I understand painting and all that. I mean it does like you can just move your pencil then it shades it and so that might be a good option for you.
and
you can do that.
But
this
one
but they procreate, you don't have to worry about that. Like
they'll
show you on the video you put in a circle and then it fills it in and then
you
can do like shapes and you can create flowers. I mean some of the things that people do just pretty intricate you know like you know do intense
stuff.
Yeah the tutorials are on there
and
the tutorials are on youtube till A. T. E. L. A. She has a beginner's course and it's free. And um she has like sheets like you can download to your ipad and then you could you know trace like trace. So you get acclimated to your pencil right? So you get acclimated to your pencil on drawing
letters.
The the pencil. Yeah you can get them on or you can get them at best. Buy you can get them on amazon.
it's like
you can like yeah I mean it's really like you dab and then you can increase. Yeah
so that
might actually work out for you means a lot of fun. Mm.
yeah.
Well with the procreate you can even download paintbrushes for it. So there's like a calligraphy bush, there's like a pen there's like pencils and stippling. And then with that you can download free coloring book pages and so you can do all kinds of stuff with it. I I just love procreate. So
9
99.
I
mean
1999.
I mean
I feel like you know like art and creativity. I mean that's life. Right? That's that's life force. That's that's so it's I just feel like that you know it just enhances one's life.
The water.
An oil pastel wow.
Mhm.
Well
you know I really feel that you can enjoy procreate and when you see what some of these people have been doing, what procreate and it's just so much fun. Like you can create flowers easily. I mean I can't even tell you all these brushes all these effects that you can do and it's just really like just learning how to use your pencil. That's it. And it's not like it's not like I like you know because you know was an art too so it's not like that same kind of you know what I mean? Like intensity. I mean it's a lot of fun.
Yeah watercolor is magical. I mean I took a class in that and you know like out of all the like oil was my favorite but
like
I love all like acrylic just dry too quickly because then like by the time I got an intuitive hit the thing was already dry. And then like the watercolor like all my art teacher said that that was like the hardest medium for them to teach. Like as far as painting is concerned and I totally agree. I can't tell you how many times. And then the thing is like with watercolor people don't realize like you know it's the quality of the paint that you buy because people think like oh you know I just got me a set from Michael's but there's a big difference between you know, spending $10 on thing and spending a lot on a single too.
it's
time
and
then you can tell like then it starts getting muddy,
gets
brown.
it does. No, I mean yeah. Yeah. I wish they would teach that watercolor class again. I had a lot of fun in that it's really
peaceful
and common.
It's so calming though. You know what I mean? Like I was in a class of like, because this was at a community college like in town north of me. And then they were like, I don't know, 28 people and it would just call it just like the atmosphere was just so calming. I just loved it. You know what I mean?
See with
that
detail.
Yeah. We'll see
like that detailed work I'm telling you. I feel like you really would like procreate. Come on now. Yeah,
I agree.
Acrylic.
Yeah. I mean we'll still like stretch you like out of your thinking and stuff because I I just like,
I don't
gravitate.
I didn't grab yellow artsy because I can never graduate graduate. Gravitated towards abstract because I tend to do more detail. And then so like she would switch people up Like the people who were all details. She made them do abstract. People were abstract. We made them do details. Or people who
do botanical
stuff.
Yeah. People like myself who
loves botanical
switch
them.
I
should, I should
try
that again and see what happens.
Procreate. Yeah.
I am going to put that on my notes here. Because
I do.
Yeah. I mean that's cool. Yeah. I mean I like I said like like procreate. I feel like you will just have so much fun and just so much enjoyment from it. Like it
just. Yes. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean particularly like where people get distracted by all this is the kind of stuff you need to have joy and fun in your life despite what's going on. Right.
So do you all have like
Great.
Well do you all have like um where it's like 10% capacity in your restaurants? You'll have that?
I
haven't heard that.
Mhm. Do they live near you? Wow.
Did he?
wow. What industry is in? Yeah.
Is
he today? Yeah.
But as I'm sure.
What?
The vaccine?
Oh yeah. Most definitely like, you know, a stress reduction and getting sunlight and eating healthfully. And I think like a part of it, like I can't speak for anyone else. But like I think mentally that I think that's like the biggest factor too because you want to be stressed out, I don't want to be depressed, you don't want to be unhappy. And so like I said, you know, whatever people's opinions are, that's your opinion. But like I feel like the art and creativity and I just feel like that helps so much, right?
you know they're looking out two and it's like it's difficult like if you're used to seeing them all the time and then all of a sudden this happened and like you said, you're
you
too and face time though. Like did you face time at all?
because
I think that's key though because you're connected to nature and I need fresh air. I think everyone needs fresh air and it has a calming effect to you know I just you know I just I I can't wait for it to cool down. I'm
ready
for that.
Use
you.
No,
they
couldn't.
I got the message
this morning from them so
last minute.
Thank
you.
Yeah. Thank you. And I am definitely gonna look into that water color, so, yeah.
Thank
you.
Bye.
Well,
you
well, you have a good weekend.
you.
Bye.
Basically
by,