SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Okay. With the parents box? Get hot. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Ready? Mhm. You're kidding. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Well. Hi kira.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear you. Can you read? Awesome. Hi, what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: I am robert. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm Rachel, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Likewise. This is a surprise because this might I am doing this and the first
SPEAKER_L: See,
SPEAKER_R: time someone shows up.
SPEAKER_L: saying I kind of, I was thinking at first they were just tricking us and seeing how long we would do it. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I was, I was thinking, um, they'll tell us once we hit the $15 mark.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I hope so. We'll say, oh my God,
SPEAKER_R: But anyway, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you holding up? Where do you live? Is it is it over now where you are?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I live in michigan. So it's,
SPEAKER_L: So I
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: know because
SPEAKER_R: point.
SPEAKER_L: some states are opening.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What's, what's the one thing you miss the most
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's a good question. I think just like my friends because you know, like at school I'm a senior in high school at school, like I see them every single day and now I have to like make an effort and you know I don't know it's annoying. What about you
SPEAKER_R: baseball?
SPEAKER_L: and? Oh really? That's so cool. What do you want, where do you play, what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I no longer play it, but I just really enjoy watching it. And you know, just the start of the season was just kind of like the transition period of like, you know, school ending and changing of seasons. And it was really nice feeling, you know, just going, baseball's coming up and um, what was done with school and like summer vacation
SPEAKER_L: Yeah this was a good way to ruin a spring.
SPEAKER_R: definitely was definitely was,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I don't know, I'm so bored. What have you been doing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm just trying to keep myself busy looking for looking for jobs. I just, I just graduated from a master's program like couple weeks ago.
SPEAKER_L: campground.
SPEAKER_R: It's not great. Oh, thank you.
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: not a good
SPEAKER_R: side
SPEAKER_L: time.
SPEAKER_R: to graduate. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh my gosh I'm so sorry. Oh
SPEAKER_R: like all my uh plans have been shifted and I have to figure out what I'm gonna do now.
SPEAKER_L: yeah hopefully companies will you know understand because everyone's kind of in the same boat but I don't know what do you do or what will you do
SPEAKER_R: Architecture.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's so cool. What got you into that?
SPEAKER_R: Um I just always been interested in buildings and construction and I I just really like, like cities and and stuff like that, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's really cool cool, I like um more into like science and stuff, I really like psychology um so that's what I'm gonna major and I haven't started yet and they probably won't start for a long time.
SPEAKER_R: Which is, which is a little bit um you know, um I can't think of the word frightening I guess. Like, you know, I guess some of us are, are stuck in this transition period of like, you know, one, one face of your life and to the other one, but you don't know what's going to happen. And you know, a lot of work schools are like talking about returning in the fall, but in their school so says they're not and
SPEAKER_L: yep, I'm like I just keep thinking like oh it'll be over in the fall but like obviously it won't like it feels like it should because it's like you know the end of one thing, the start of a new thing, but it's yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right. I mean, yeah, like that's what I just came to like realize a couple of days ago how we're planning to reopen already and like events already scheduled for the fall and and stuff like, I mean it's been two months so far and nothing has really changed when this started. We were just saying it's only gonna be two weeks. It's only gonna be one line.
SPEAKER_L: I remember thinking that I was so naive. Well you know, I feel like this time is really giving me a chance because you know I'm I don't have much schoolwork and I don't have any responsibilities right now because it's in the middle, it's really giving me a time to like do strange things. I've been making a lot like everyone else like I don't know so you know it's weird but it's giving us some time to kind of see like what's going on their life and it's like a pause.
SPEAKER_R: What have you baked? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: so I've baked mac french macaroons, those are okay. Um I did lots of scones, I love scones um and what did I just make? Um oh I made like an Israeli pastry or something, but it didn't work, so I'm not very good at it, Everyone's out of yeast, What
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: have you been doing? Well?
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I know.
SPEAKER_R: got into baking like this semester, like the beginning of this year, which maybe was like the best or the worst time to get into big, I don't know, but so far since the pandemic started, I faked banana bread. Of course,
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: decisive.
SPEAKER_L: a transfer to, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Um Chocolate chip cookies. Make the like chocolate cake. Uh I think like my proudest for is like, and I'm not sure if it counts as making like a take dish pizza.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, it was it good?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was delicious. It was definitely.
SPEAKER_L: I've never had deep dish pizza, but my parents are from there, so they love it. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, that's why, you know, so hey, I had to get used because I'm actually doing baking as a senior project, that's why making so many weird things. Um I called a bakery and they had, so if you're if you're looking it was really cool. We called all the grocery stores and they were out, the bakery was like selling like huge things of it. So.
SPEAKER_R: That's amazing. And it's funny because, right, when like everyone was starting to shelter in place, so I went to Costco to stock up on groceries And they had these like one bags of yeast insurgencies and I grabbed it and I looked at it like eight bucks because you know, I'm used to buy the little three packs Like the two arms from like The grocery store. I'm like eight bucks. I'm not sure if I'll be needing this much cheese and then suddenly the yeast runs out everywhere. And I'm just thinking to myself, I wish I would have bought it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: didn't get it? Oh no.
SPEAKER_R: No, I didn't buy it.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: And then I've gone back and
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: you know why?
SPEAKER_L: I definitely don't have it. It's so funny. It feels like apocalyptic, like it's so stupid because like it's not, you know, an actual apocalypse. But I was saying to my family like when I get up, when I, you know, leave the house and like, okay, bye guys, I'm gonna go pick up food I put on the mask, I just feel like I'm like entering the unknown. It's so strange. It's such a feeling tonight. Yes. So
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: weird.
SPEAKER_R: uh I I took out my chest today and it hit me that it was like the first time in like, since this started that I like step outside without like wearing like mastering love, you know, just because like, I've just been so like, I used to like, I'm going out so I gotta suit up, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. I just chewed up. That's oh my gosh, it's so crazy. And like it's like, you know, it felt so far away at first, but it's not anymore like I know like five people who have it or who have had it, like it's it's just like I think at the beginning they said like some huge percent of the US population was going together, I was like oh that's stupid, like I know so many people who have gotten and everyone near me, it's like social distancing. It just, it's like it keeps coming and I just, I want to be I want to go to college, I want to be with my friends. No terrible. So what happened were you living on campus and then you had to leave? Are you
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: real?
SPEAKER_R: I was like, Mhm. I was I wasn't living on campus like by campus, like, so I had my like all these and
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I didn't,
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: you know, luckily I didn't absolutely for like my license in a month, exactly, like a month from today and I just don't know what I'm doing. Don't worry,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: no. Oh my gosh, let's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: get really kicked out, is he?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I mean, I also like didn't want to move, you know, during the middle of this, you know, I'm hoping like a month from now, like things like cool down, it's safer to move. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Oof. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: that's hard and you don't even know where to go. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: we'll just back home. You know, when I started like graduate school, I basically like moved out of home, you know? Because I was planning on like starting my career after, you know what I'm done and now I will say we have to like move myself back in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. My brother, it was the same thing, he was living in apartment uh near his school and now he's back, it's okay, everyone's doing it. Yeah, my mom keeps saying she's happy, she gets more more time with me before I leave and I'm like, I really want to leave, leave who get to leave. Oh my gosh, I don't even know, but I don't look at how I was trying to time oh my gosh, I was trying to time this so we don't we don't get off and then not get not get our money. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I actually what?
SPEAKER_R: 10 minutes, have you been timing it?
SPEAKER_L: No, I I know it's in 25 minutes, I think it's okay for good. Oh yeah, it's been to you sorry. Yeah. So why did you sign up for this in general?
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I kind of just like, you know, like
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you. Pros,
SPEAKER_R: I just panicked, you know, it's like I virtually graduated, I'm like The first day um like the 1st Friday of May and then mhm like that same like the day, the day before the thursday was like my last like uh final reviews, because we have like final reviews and like instead of like final exams,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: uh and we did that virtually, but then I woke up the next morning right knowing that I'm completely done with school now and I was just like wTF what do I do now? I've been applying for jobs since the start of the year. Haven't heard back. I believe that ends and like a month and a
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: half, I have like bills coming up and like, you know, just things that I've been avoiding, you know, like life responsibilities, I've been avoiding and they're very going to catch up to me like soon and I just started with the money.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm not in as bad a situation as you, I feel. I'm so sorry. But I mean, I was working a lot during the school year, but I can't do any of that anymore. And I also just, that was cool. My friend was telling me about it. I also just thought it was cool, but I don't know, I was excited to talk to someone that isn't like four friends and three family members. Yeah. So before, before you graduated, Gratz redoing zoom. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: let's
SPEAKER_R: Soon
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: assume with my life whether for classes, your friends. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My friends and I were having like game nights on soon. Kind of stopped though. Okay. Herman,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: what do
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: we play?
SPEAKER_R: which is
SPEAKER_L: Oh, well there was like a cards against humanity online that was really fun. Um and we also played Quick Flash online, just like, do you play that? You know that game?
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, it's so fun. So it's like well normally you would play like in a room with people and like it's on a screen and it gives you well okay and everyone signs it with their phones and then on your phone it gives you like a prompt and then you answer the prompt and then starting time and then people like okay so like everyone answers prompts and some people have the same prompts and then the prompt and the answers go on screen anonymously and people guess which was the funniest answer. And then you win if you get the funniest answers whatever. It's really fun. We used to play it at parties and stuff, but now we're playing it at home on friday nights. Such a
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: fun time.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I was joking with my friends. We had a we had a psych review Uh at eight p.m. on Saturday night and I was like Friday night I was like yeah this is what we should be doing on. So sad on the on the phone with our teachers during. So it's so sad. I want to talk about what?
SPEAKER_R: It's interesting that your teacher joined you. You know, it's like,
SPEAKER_L: No, he started it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: he started it.
SPEAKER_L: Not the quick flash a review. I was talking about two different. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But yeah, I mean, it's interesting like we're all at this point in which like we're like, yeah, let's just do this.
SPEAKER_L: Like I wish I could say no but I had nothing else to do. It was cute. He was like he was pressuring people into um uh like playing their instruments and it was it was cute. He's going talent night after the river. I don't have any talents.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny.
SPEAKER_L: What are your hobbies would you like to do?
SPEAKER_R: Um I like to cook all right. I like to run. Mm hmm. Um school kind of like took over my life. So aside from that, I just really do much whenever I would free timer, which is like kind of like catch up on like netflix or there's like whatever you like tv show is popular now.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. What do you what have you watched?
SPEAKER_R: I just started watching them Great. The Great. It's on, it's on hulu. Remember you have cooler?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I haven't but I've never heard of it. What
SPEAKER_R: It's,
SPEAKER_L: is that?
SPEAKER_R: it's a relatively like new show. It's about Catherine the Great from Russia. And it's just, it's really good.
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: It's funny. I'm like, I'm not sure if it's like historically accurate, but it's so pretty interesting.
SPEAKER_L: And okay. Maybe I don't watch it if I get back into my dad's hula account right now. I'm watching New Girl which is just, have you heard of it? Yeah, I'm just watching because all my friends watched it. I'd like to talk about it but it's very long. So I'm trying to get through through it. What's your favorite show?
SPEAKER_R: So I hear show the office and stone.
SPEAKER_L: I love The Office and Parks and rec. And I think
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I like Parks and much better than The Office. Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: It's okay. Okay. Mm
SPEAKER_L: Do you watch Brooklyn 9 9?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Actually I like binge watch their, um, like at the beginning of like this year, you know? Um I think it's all right. I just had it on my guest background noise, you know? But
SPEAKER_L: that's really different. Yeah. Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It took, it took a while, but it grew on me, you know, at first I just didn't like it. I find it funny and eventually I was like, it's a stupid show.
SPEAKER_L: You know my expectations? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I I really like I I like watching all those kind of shows like while I'm doing homework I just have them on like it's just random talking in the background. I can focus better. Doesn't really make sense. But it works. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What about movies? What kind of movie have you been? I've been watching so many movies. I never watch any. But I have. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um Not as many. I just watched the joker
SPEAKER_L: Brilliant.
SPEAKER_R: are like saturday. You know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Was it good?
SPEAKER_R: It was good. I thought it would be better simply because like all the hype, but it was pretty good. Uh I can't recall the movie I saw before. That was parasite.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I just watched that. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Mind blowing, insane. It's just, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Have you seen Snowpiercer?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't, but now I want to
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you should really watch it. It was really good. It was kind of like the mind blowing. Same mind blowing thing is uh this parasite. It was it was really good. I think I like Snowpiercer better than I liked parasite. Yeah it was really good. I just watched um Slumdog Millionaire. It was pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: That scared Phil.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's good. I've never seen it before and everyone always talks about it. Um And then right now we are watching we're doing like a harry potter marathon so we just did this prisoner of asking him for like
SPEAKER_R: Look.
SPEAKER_L: I pretty much know the entire but so it's not very. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: Cats making noise behind me. Oh so sorry, I'm very distracted. Good. She's good. She snores. She's very old. Yeah. Yeah. No cats concerned. But they do. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I wasn't aware.
SPEAKER_L: Dogs gets here. I want a dog. So bad. Oh my gosh. So many people have been adopting them and like fostering them. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've considered it to like simply just because like I live by myself, I don't have any roommates and I'm just like, I should just get a dog, you know, keep me from going crazy fine. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But you could like foster a dog and see how it goes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But I think like, mhm. In Detroit, I lived like nearby Detroit all like the foster like hostels for like dogs or like, I mean the shelters, they like, I don't know what the right word is. Like the docks were sold out.
SPEAKER_L: Everything. Well
SPEAKER_R: Like,
SPEAKER_L: that's good. I don't know what they're empty.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they're, yeah, they got empty like right away and it was like surprising.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. That's really good. And those people don't have to go to work as much, so hopefully that thing. That's awesome. Yeah, I was saying like it's so easy now we don't even have to go to school or work, we could just take care of a little puppy. Oh I want to do that so bad. I'll do when I'm older, I have my own house. This ever ends if I ever move out. Oh my god. Just ever gonna work. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's, that's, that's the dream to like at least mine is to like buy a farm and like It's like 10 dogs and just be happy
SPEAKER_L: Same. I'm gonna live in Maine and I'm gonna have goats and dogs.
SPEAKER_R: coats and dogs or switch. You need.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly. Baby goats. Oh my god, like I don't know, lilac fields and baking all the time. That's the real dream. But now I'm just stuck here. Okay. I've never been to michigan, I've been to think of into indiana once but that was my only venture out there. Have you ever been? I live really close to new york city. Have you ever been there?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've been there twice.
SPEAKER_L: No. Do you like it? Really? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: relatively Yes, like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that much. Well, I I stayed like both times I sit in uh in Brooklyn,
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay, that's good.
SPEAKER_R: so I really like Brooklyn. Uh Manhattan. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: I mean, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: was maybe there's like things I liked about it, but I think I guess generally not so much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I agree. I've always been a big hater. Well especially midtown Manhattan and the other parts I like like the other parts are more Brooklyn and like that's gross but too long. I haven't been there in a while now because have been anywhere. I think
SPEAKER_R: It's just
SPEAKER_L: the farthest thing that was the grocery store. So up there are people wearing gloves. He said I have been people like been wearing gloves to the grocery store. Mm
SPEAKER_R: Some people have mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Have you?
SPEAKER_R: At the beginning I did, you know? But then I like realized like I'm only wearing them for like 20 minutes I'm at the grocery store, you know, It's like it just seems kind of like people waste consider that signaling health care workers might move them with first responders. Or even like people who are like trying to go back towards, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, agreed. I was like I'll just pure out like I'll wear a reusable mask and that'll be fine. I mean I don't really understand that because you're touching like you're touching the dirty things but it can't get through your hand. I didn't really understand it anyway. So it's like have you seen those videos like the uh like the first responders and nurses and stuff like taking or putting on and taking up all of their protective gear. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: It's I mean it was just a random thing, they're crazy. It's like five layers. It's like I don't like there and there free. I can't even imagine they have to do it every oh every day I feel so bad. My neighbor is a nurse so far has been very supportive of her but it's terrible. I can't I can't even imagine. And she said like in the first few weeks like she saw so many people die. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: It's crazy. It's like it doesn't seem like that many when we're here but I guess it's like concentrated in the hospitals terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's just like so like it's not something you like process, you know? But then like once you start processing it at least like now I just feel like so it's become so like that not like normal, you know like in the beginning you would see the news like Are like um like online 03 new cases, new state and then I'll be like freaking out and now I see like 50 new cases and like in your city or your in your county and I'm just like Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and you kind of have to I mean if we reacted so much to all of them we would just be anxious and terrible and it's so sad like this like a it's like a new normal for a little bit. Not pleasant. New normal, not a fan summer. And then and then hopefully and fall they'll start to open things but they can't uh recently my governor opened the beaches but like that and I guess that kind of makes sense because it's like you know it's outside but I just feel like it's like hard to reopen things when cases are still happening because then people are going near each other and it's not really over. I just I don't really
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: like they know more than me but mm.
SPEAKER_R: I also feel like all right. I think people are just like growing like tired and like cases
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: and like at first I was like like people what are you doing? So so for like stay indoors, you know? But I'm getting to a point where where I'm like oh it's a nice sunny day and like, you know, it's almost like a temptation to like go like your friend or go to a part, even parts here are enclosed. But like I feel people are just going to start to like be like fucking, you know, okay. You know, I'll just this one time. And so I think that's why like politicians really being like, well, we like force, I was staying in stores much longer. They're not gonna like listen to us some rights, which is currently let them go out knowing that there's a high chance like we're gonna have to come back in at some point, but at least like there are more longer, more like listening to us that time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, That's a really good point actually. I wasn't I wasn't thinking about it that way but I'm definitely board inside. Um I just looked at the timer and it says 25 minutes. My dinner is sitting on my table. I didn't, they sent this to me an hour before and dinner was already ready. Did you have a timer? What it did you?
SPEAKER_R: Let's see
SPEAKER_L: I want to make sure we don't.
SPEAKER_R: mindsets 28.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So I think we're good. Okay. Well it was really nice meeting you. I'm talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Like what?
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: fun. Good luck in your career and life.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Good luck in college.
SPEAKER_L: Well, thank you. I guess there. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we will.
SPEAKER_L: Wait a second after I go. How do you hang out? Okay, we're good. Okay. Okay.