Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Okay. With the parents box? Get hot. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Ready? Mhm. You're kidding. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Hi.
Yeah, I can hear you. Can you read? Awesome. Hi, what's your name?
I'm Rachel, nice to meet you.
See,
saying I kind of, I was thinking at first they were just tricking us and seeing how long we would do it. Okay.
Oh yeah, I hope so. We'll say, oh my God,
I'm good. How are you holding up? Where do you live? Is it is it over now where you are?
So I
don't
know because
some states are opening.
Oh, that's a good question. I think just like my friends because you know, like at school I'm a senior in high school at school, like I see them every single day and now I have to like make an effort and you know I don't know it's annoying. What about you
and? Oh really? That's so cool. What do you want, where do you play, what do you do?
Yeah this was a good way to ruin a spring.
Yeah I don't know, I'm so bored. What have you been doing?
campground.
no
that's
not a good
time.
Yeah. Oh my gosh I'm so sorry. Oh
yeah hopefully companies will you know understand because everyone's kind of in the same boat but I don't know what do you do or what will you do
wow, that's so cool. What got you into that?
Yeah that's really cool cool, I like um more into like science and stuff, I really like psychology um so that's what I'm gonna major and I haven't started yet and they probably won't start for a long time.
yep, I'm like I just keep thinking like oh it'll be over in the fall but like obviously it won't like it feels like it should because it's like you know the end of one thing, the start of a new thing, but it's yeah.
I remember thinking that I was so naive. Well you know, I feel like this time is really giving me a chance because you know I'm I don't have much schoolwork and I don't have any responsibilities right now because it's in the middle, it's really giving me a time to like do strange things. I've been making a lot like everyone else like I don't know so you know it's weird but it's giving us some time to kind of see like what's going on their life and it's like a pause.
so I've baked mac french macaroons, those are okay. Um I did lots of scones, I love scones um and what did I just make? Um oh I made like an Israeli pastry or something, but it didn't work, so I'm not very good at it, Everyone's out of yeast, What
have you been doing? Well?
Uh huh. I know.
I'm
a transfer to, wow.
Oh my God, it was it good?
I've never had deep dish pizza, but my parents are from there, so they love it. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, that's why, you know, so hey, I had to get used because I'm actually doing baking as a senior project, that's why making so many weird things. Um I called a bakery and they had, so if you're if you're looking it was really cool. We called all the grocery stores and they were out, the bakery was like selling like huge things of it. So.
didn't get it? Oh no.
And
No,
I definitely don't have it. It's so funny. It feels like apocalyptic, like it's so stupid because like it's not, you know, an actual apocalypse. But I was saying to my family like when I get up, when I, you know, leave the house and like, okay, bye guys, I'm gonna go pick up food I put on the mask, I just feel like I'm like entering the unknown. It's so strange. It's such a feeling tonight. Yes. So
weird.
Exactly. I just chewed up. That's oh my gosh, it's so crazy. And like it's like, you know, it felt so far away at first, but it's not anymore like I know like five people who have it or who have had it, like it's it's just like I think at the beginning they said like some huge percent of the US population was going together, I was like oh that's stupid, like I know so many people who have gotten and everyone near me, it's like social distancing. It just, it's like it keeps coming and I just, I want to be I want to go to college, I want to be with my friends. No terrible. So what happened were you living on campus and then you had to leave? Are you
real?
that's
good.
No,
no. Oh my gosh, let's
get really kicked out, is he?
Oof. Yeah,
that's hard and you don't even know where to go. Mhm.
Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. My brother, it was the same thing, he was living in apartment uh near his school and now he's back, it's okay, everyone's doing it. Yeah, my mom keeps saying she's happy, she gets more more time with me before I leave and I'm like, I really want to leave, leave who get to leave. Oh my gosh, I don't even know, but I don't look at how I was trying to time oh my gosh, I was trying to time this so we don't we don't get off and then not get not get our money. Mhm.
I actually what?
No, I I know it's in 25 minutes, I think it's okay for good. Oh yeah, it's been to you sorry. Yeah. So why did you sign up for this in general?
I can hear you. Pros,
Oh, that's nice.
Thanks.
Yeah, I'm not in as bad a situation as you, I feel. I'm so sorry. But I mean, I was working a lot during the school year, but I can't do any of that anymore. And I also just, that was cool. My friend was telling me about it. I also just thought it was cool, but I don't know, I was excited to talk to someone that isn't like four friends and three family members. Yeah. So before, before you graduated, Gratz redoing zoom. Yeah,
let's
do
Yeah. My friends and I were having like game nights on soon. Kind of stopped though. Okay. Herman,
what do
we play?
Oh, well there was like a cards against humanity online that was really fun. Um and we also played Quick Flash online, just like, do you play that? You know that game?
Oh my gosh, it's so fun. So it's like well normally you would play like in a room with people and like it's on a screen and it gives you well okay and everyone signs it with their phones and then on your phone it gives you like a prompt and then you answer the prompt and then starting time and then people like okay so like everyone answers prompts and some people have the same prompts and then the prompt and the answers go on screen anonymously and people guess which was the funniest answer. And then you win if you get the funniest answers whatever. It's really fun. We used to play it at parties and stuff, but now we're playing it at home on friday nights. Such a
fun time.
Yeah I was joking with my friends. We had a we had a psych review Uh at eight p.m. on Saturday night and I was like Friday night I was like yeah this is what we should be doing on. So sad on the on the phone with our teachers during. So it's so sad. I want to talk about what?
No, he started it. Mhm.
Not the quick flash a review. I was talking about two different. Yeah.
Like I wish I could say no but I had nothing else to do. It was cute. He was like he was pressuring people into um uh like playing their instruments and it was it was cute. He's going talent night after the river. I don't have any talents.
What are your hobbies would you like to do?
Mhm. What do you what have you watched?
Oh I haven't but I've never heard of it. What
is that?
You
And okay. Maybe I don't watch it if I get back into my dad's hula account right now. I'm watching New Girl which is just, have you heard of it? Yeah, I'm just watching because all my friends watched it. I'd like to talk about it but it's very long. So I'm trying to get through through it. What's your favorite show?
I love The Office and Parks and rec. And I think
I like Parks and much better than The Office. Sorry?
Do you watch Brooklyn 9 9?
that's really different. Yeah. Exactly.
You know my expectations? Yeah.
I I really like I I like watching all those kind of shows like while I'm doing homework I just have them on like it's just random talking in the background. I can focus better. Doesn't really make sense. But it works. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah. What about movies? What kind of movie have you been? I've been watching so many movies. I never watch any. But I have. What about you?
Brilliant.
Yeah. Was it good?
Oh I just watched that. Okay.
Have you seen Snowpiercer?
Yeah you should really watch it. It was really good. It was kind of like the mind blowing. Same mind blowing thing is uh this parasite. It was it was really good. I think I like Snowpiercer better than I liked parasite. Yeah it was really good. I just watched um Slumdog Millionaire. It was pretty good.
Yeah it's good. I've never seen it before and everyone always talks about it. Um And then right now we are watching we're doing like a harry potter marathon so we just did this prisoner of asking him for like
I pretty much know the entire but so it's not very. Yeah. Yeah.
Cats making noise behind me. Oh so sorry, I'm very distracted. Good. She's good. She snores. She's very old. Yeah. Yeah. No cats concerned. But they do. Mhm.
Dogs gets here. I want a dog. So bad. Oh my gosh. So many people have been adopting them and like fostering them. Okay.
Yeah. But you could like foster a dog and see how it goes.
Everything. Well
that's good. I don't know what they're empty.
That's awesome. That's really good. And those people don't have to go to work as much, so hopefully that thing. That's awesome. Yeah, I was saying like it's so easy now we don't even have to go to school or work, we could just take care of a little puppy. Oh I want to do that so bad. I'll do when I'm older, I have my own house. This ever ends if I ever move out. Oh my god. Just ever gonna work. Yeah.
Same. I'm gonna live in Maine and I'm gonna have goats and dogs.
Yeah exactly. Baby goats. Oh my god, like I don't know, lilac fields and baking all the time. That's the real dream. But now I'm just stuck here. Okay. I've never been to michigan, I've been to think of into indiana once but that was my only venture out there. Have you ever been? I live really close to new york city. Have you ever been there?
No. Do you like it? Really? Yeah.
But
Yeah.
Oh okay, that's good.
Yeah,
I mean, Yeah.
Yeah, I agree. I've always been a big hater. Well especially midtown Manhattan and the other parts I like like the other parts are more Brooklyn and like that's gross but too long. I haven't been there in a while now because have been anywhere. I think
the farthest thing that was the grocery store. So up there are people wearing gloves. He said I have been people like been wearing gloves to the grocery store. Mm
Have you?
Yeah, agreed. I was like I'll just pure out like I'll wear a reusable mask and that'll be fine. I mean I don't really understand that because you're touching like you're touching the dirty things but it can't get through your hand. I didn't really understand it anyway. So it's like have you seen those videos like the uh like the first responders and nurses and stuff like taking or putting on and taking up all of their protective gear. Uh huh.
It's I mean it was just a random thing, they're crazy. It's like five layers. It's like I don't like there and there free. I can't even imagine they have to do it every oh every day I feel so bad. My neighbor is a nurse so far has been very supportive of her but it's terrible. I can't I can't even imagine. And she said like in the first few weeks like she saw so many people die. Yeah. Yeah.
It's crazy. It's like it doesn't seem like that many when we're here but I guess it's like concentrated in the hospitals terrible.
and you kind of have to I mean if we reacted so much to all of them we would just be anxious and terrible and it's so sad like this like a it's like a new normal for a little bit. Not pleasant. New normal, not a fan summer. And then and then hopefully and fall they'll start to open things but they can't uh recently my governor opened the beaches but like that and I guess that kind of makes sense because it's like you know it's outside but I just feel like it's like hard to reopen things when cases are still happening because then people are going near each other and it's not really over. I just I don't really
like they know more than me but mm.
Great.
Yeah, That's a really good point actually. I wasn't I wasn't thinking about it that way but I'm definitely board inside. Um I just looked at the timer and it says 25 minutes. My dinner is sitting on my table. I didn't, they sent this to me an hour before and dinner was already ready. Did you have a timer? What it did you?
I want to make sure we don't.
Okay. So I think we're good. Okay. Well it was really nice meeting you. I'm talking to you.
Have
fun. Good luck in your career and life.
Well, thank you. I guess there. Okay.
Wait a second after I go. How do you hang out? Okay, we're good. Okay. Okay.