Well. Hi kira.
I am robert. Yeah,
Likewise. This is a surprise because this might I am doing this and the first
time someone shows up.
I was, I was thinking, um, they'll tell us once we hit the $15 mark.
But anyway, how are you?
I don't know. I live in michigan. So it's,
at
this
point.
Okay. What's, what's the one thing you miss the most
baseball?
I no longer play it, but I just really enjoy watching it. And you know, just the start of the season was just kind of like the transition period of like, you know, school ending and changing of seasons. And it was really nice feeling, you know, just going, baseball's coming up and um, what was done with school and like summer vacation
definitely was definitely was,
I'm just trying to keep myself busy looking for looking for jobs. I just, I just graduated from a master's program like couple weeks ago.
It's not great. Oh, thank you.
It's
not
side
to graduate. Yeah.
like all my uh plans have been shifted and I have to figure out what I'm gonna do now.
Architecture.
Um I just always been interested in buildings and construction and I I just really like, like cities and and stuff like that, you know?
Which is, which is a little bit um you know, um I can't think of the word frightening I guess. Like, you know, I guess some of us are, are stuck in this transition period of like, you know, one, one face of your life and to the other one, but you don't know what's going to happen. And you know, a lot of work schools are like talking about returning in the fall, but in their school so says they're not and
All right. I mean, yeah, like that's what I just came to like realize a couple of days ago how we're planning to reopen already and like events already scheduled for the fall and and stuff like, I mean it's been two months so far and nothing has really changed when this started. We were just saying it's only gonna be two weeks. It's only gonna be one line.
What have you baked? Mhm.
know.
what
got into baking like this semester, like the beginning of this year, which maybe was like the best or the worst time to get into big, I don't know, but so far since the pandemic started, I faked banana bread. Of course,
decisive.
Um Chocolate chip cookies. Make the like chocolate cake. Uh I think like my proudest for is like, and I'm not sure if it counts as making like a take dish pizza.
Yeah, I was delicious. It was definitely.
That's amazing. And it's funny because, right, when like everyone was starting to shelter in place, so I went to Costco to stock up on groceries And they had these like one bags of yeast insurgencies and I grabbed it and I looked at it like eight bucks because you know, I'm used to buy the little three packs Like the two arms from like The grocery store. I'm like eight bucks. I'm not sure if I'll be needing this much cheese and then suddenly the yeast runs out everywhere. And I'm just thinking to myself, I wish I would have bought it. Yeah,
No, I didn't buy it.
And then I've gone back and
you know why?
like
uh I I took out my chest today and it hit me that it was like the first time in like, since this started that I like step outside without like wearing like mastering love, you know, just because like, I've just been so like, I used to like, I'm going out so I gotta suit up, you know?
No,
I was like, Mhm. I was I wasn't living on campus like by campus, like, so I had my like all these and
I didn't,
you know, luckily I didn't absolutely for like my license in a month, exactly, like a month from today and I just don't know what I'm doing. Don't worry,
you know?
And
Yeah. And I mean, I also like didn't want to move, you know, during the middle of this, you know, I'm hoping like a month from now, like things like cool down, it's safer to move. Mhm
Or
we'll just back home. You know, when I started like graduate school, I basically like moved out of home, you know? Because I was planning on like starting my career after, you know what I'm done and now I will say we have to like move myself back in.
So
10 minutes, have you been timing it?
I mean, I kind of just like, you know, like
I just panicked, you know, it's like I virtually graduated, I'm like The first day um like the 1st Friday of May and then mhm like that same like the day, the day before the thursday was like my last like uh final reviews, because we have like final reviews and like instead of like final exams,
uh and we did that virtually, but then I woke up the next morning right knowing that I'm completely done with school now and I was just like wTF what do I do now? I've been applying for jobs since the start of the year. Haven't heard back. I believe that ends and like a month and a
half, I have like bills coming up and like, you know, just things that I've been avoiding, you know, like life responsibilities, I've been avoiding and they're very going to catch up to me like soon and I just started with the money.
Yeah.
Soon
assume with my life whether for classes, your friends. Yeah.
Well,
Well,
which is
No.
That's
no.
It's interesting that your teacher joined you. You know, it's like,
he started it.
Yeah. But yeah, I mean, it's interesting like we're all at this point in which like we're like, yeah, let's just do this.
That's funny.
Um I like to cook all right. I like to run. Mm hmm. Um school kind of like took over my life. So aside from that, I just really do much whenever I would free timer, which is like kind of like catch up on like netflix or there's like whatever you like tv show is popular now.
I just started watching them Great. The Great. It's on, it's on hulu. Remember you have cooler?
It's,
it's a relatively like new show. It's about Catherine the Great from Russia. And it's just, it's really good.
It's funny. I'm like, I'm not sure if it's like historically accurate, but it's so pretty interesting.
So I hear show the office and stone.
Thanks.
It's okay. Okay. Mm
Yes. Actually I like binge watch their, um, like at the beginning of like this year, you know? Um I think it's all right. I just had it on my guest background noise, you know? But
Yeah. It took, it took a while, but it grew on me, you know, at first I just didn't like it. I find it funny and eventually I was like, it's a stupid show.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Um Not as many. I just watched the joker
are like saturday. You know?
It was good. I thought it would be better simply because like all the hype, but it was pretty good. Uh I can't recall the movie I saw before. That was parasite.
Mind blowing, insane. It's just, yeah,
I haven't, but now I want to
That scared Phil.
Look.
Because
Yeah, I wasn't aware.
Yeah. I've considered it to like simply just because like I live by myself, I don't have any roommates and I'm just like, I should just get a dog, you know, keep me from going crazy fine. I don't know.
Yeah. But I think like, mhm. In Detroit, I lived like nearby Detroit all like the foster like hostels for like dogs or like, I mean the shelters, they like, I don't know what the right word is. Like the docks were sold out.
Like,
Yeah, they're, yeah, they got empty like right away and it was like surprising.
that's, that's, that's the dream to like at least mine is to like buy a farm and like It's like 10 dogs and just be happy
coats and dogs or switch. You need.
Yeah, I've been there twice.
Um,
relatively Yes, like
that much. Well, I I stayed like both times I sit in uh in Brooklyn,
so I really like Brooklyn. Uh Manhattan. Yeah,
it
was maybe there's like things I liked about it, but I think I guess generally not so much.
It's just
Some people have mm hmm.
At the beginning I did, you know? But then I like realized like I'm only wearing them for like 20 minutes I'm at the grocery store, you know, It's like it just seems kind of like people waste consider that signaling health care workers might move them with first responders. Or even like people who are like trying to go back towards, you know?
No.
Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah, it's just like so like it's not something you like process, you know? But then like once you start processing it at least like now I just feel like so it's become so like that not like normal, you know like in the beginning you would see the news like Are like um like online 03 new cases, new state and then I'll be like freaking out and now I see like 50 new cases and like in your city or your in your county and I'm just like Yeah.
Very
I also feel like all right. I think people are just like growing like tired and like cases
and like at first I was like like people what are you doing? So so for like stay indoors, you know? But I'm getting to a point where where I'm like oh it's a nice sunny day and like, you know, it's almost like a temptation to like go like your friend or go to a part, even parts here are enclosed. But like I feel people are just going to start to like be like fucking, you know, okay. You know, I'll just this one time. And so I think that's why like politicians really being like, well, we like force, I was staying in stores much longer. They're not gonna like listen to us some rights, which is currently let them go out knowing that there's a high chance like we're gonna have to come back in at some point, but at least like there are more longer, more like listening to us that time. Yeah.
Let's see
mindsets 28.
Like what?
All
Thank you. Good luck in college.
Yeah, we will.