SPEAKER_L: Thank you. You do Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Just think. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think? Okay. Do you think you could possibly get? Yeah actually yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hi can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: I am.
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I am good, how are you? I'm aimin I'm
SPEAKER_R: I'm feeling nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: sorry I didn't I didn't catch your name I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I'm Dylan. Okay
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. Um So where do you live, correct me
SPEAKER_L: Houston texas
SPEAKER_R: all Houston? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: and you?
SPEAKER_R: I mean Honolulu hawaii
SPEAKER_L: that's cool, it's so cool. That is one of the places I want to visit someday.
SPEAKER_R: Already? Oh well I don't know I guess for me there's not much to do on the island since I've pretty much seen everything and done
SPEAKER_L: you've
SPEAKER_R: that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: grown up there or you?
SPEAKER_R: born and raised here.
SPEAKER_L: then that would be pretty uh then that would be pretty for it. Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: So I guess what what what what have you done in texas before?
SPEAKER_L: Nothing I just moved to texas um a year back actually but because of the corona thing six months are completely lost so that doesn't count because
SPEAKER_R: Oh I see. Oh
SPEAKER_L: everything um you can you could go out like people in texas didn't really stay inside but we don't go out because we didn't want to because everyone else was outside.
SPEAKER_R: Great. Great. Great. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I am originally from Pakistan. Uh They've been in the US for some time now. We move around a lot of places. Actually. We've lived in Minnesota, we've lived in new york, we've lived in Missouri and now we're in texas so we're checking off all the things. Uh I is one of the places
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay. What is your favorite location so far that you've been to?
SPEAKER_L: uh depends because uh the U. S. Is kind of like a lot of different countries like whatever I moved to. It's so completely different that I generally I like you the food in Houston because it's our taste and the weather in Minnesota. I love.
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: No because Pakistan, the place I lived in uh you didn't have its leather was like Houston so you don't you don't really have winters that's
SPEAKER_R: Oh so it's very
SPEAKER_L: why
SPEAKER_R: hot then
SPEAKER_L: I love winters that's there is uh what's the weather like in hawaii like? It's the island weather right
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's basically the same you know throughout the four seasons. I mean it's basically very hot at times and um sometimes humid but it remains pretty much consistently sunny and with a little bit of trade winds here and there. Um But I guess the main difference would be that
SPEAKER_L: for love.
SPEAKER_R: um Well I mean the seasons are very mild in the sense that there's not much change from spring to summer. I mean there's like a slight change during summer, the temperatures do increase and humidity does increase but it's not very significant. Whereas you know in the mainland certain states like there's a drastic increase lee. I know new york for instance, you know their seasons are very extreme. Um And then I guess for hawaii when it becomes like following winter um the temperatures start to cool down like within the um mid to lower seventies, so it's still you know comfortable. Um And I guess our rainy season would be pretty much like during the winter into spring, so maybe around december into february. I mean it's not consistently raining, but the rain appears to be more destroying those
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: arenas
SPEAKER_L: yeah you don't have a very large differences so that's
SPEAKER_R: brain.
SPEAKER_L: good, you could just enjoy all your stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess so. But we don't have snow here, well except like on one of the mountains on the other island, but other than that we don't get to experience snow or really like fall or like really a nice spring because I don't know, I just bring me like whenever I've been like out of state, like for example within the California or new york and it's nice to see the seasons like you know, winter or spring, you know, it's nice to see like the nature and plants like just changing um leaves and colors, but we don't really have that here in Hawaii, unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: that was that was the most fascinating thing for me too because you don't have that in Karachi, that's one of the southern cities so you didn't have any way there. I never knew that fall could be that beautiful new york upstate new york fall is beautiful. Uh
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: You see all kinds of colors like there was a pink shocking pink tree that I saw and I never thought please could be that color because
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: where I come from it's either hot or hotter or warm. You don't get winters. So yeah it's it's fun, it's fun. What do you do, like what are you doing as a for what what what do you do the study?
SPEAKER_R: Career be. Um Yeah, I am working part time as a barista. Um So they had Starbucks and then I've also started school this week, so um it's been kind of like a challenge to manage like online schooling because everything's online now with the coronavirus. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And so, well I guess for me I'm not a big fan of online during just because I need that sort of in person interaction. So it's been a little bit difficult but I've been trying to adjust to it since that's basically the new normal that we have to sort of you know, get accustomed to. But in terms of working um my hours did sort of get cut back during the start of covid 19. But I think now things are somewhat starting to return to normal. Um I guess it sort of depends on how our case comp is deeply because right now within our island alone
SPEAKER_L: Was it good?
SPEAKER_R: we're seeing digits up to 200 to 3 hundreds daily. So the Mayor and the governor has been imposing restrictions and trying to close down parts and other public venues and to some extent even restaurants and bars so that they can try to control the spread in the population.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. I know. But uh was was Hawaii ever closed like was there complete lockdown ever like they
SPEAKER_R: Um No not yet. I mean there's just been like a few restrictions here and there, but we haven't been completely isolated. Um I used the only really exception to that would be like travel, we're not really accepting international visitors or I used to some extent domestic visitors has been limited as well. Uh huh. So because weighs heavily tourism based um you know, it's been a very impactful um turn out for the economy in the sense that people are losing their jobs left and right. Um You know in the hotel industry, you know in the service industry what not? And so it's been challenging for a lot
SPEAKER_L: Everything.
SPEAKER_R: of people just getting through this.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Um I have three Children and they started school this week and little Children there in elementary school. So I completely get your online studying things. I don't know how How anyone can manage completely 100% online studying, like it's so different. I thought adults could actually somewhat manage. But uh like you said you you don't like it too, like I thought it was only a problem for little kids because they wanted interaction with the teachers, sometimes they don't get something and then the teachers just the teacher is not obvious, they're they're only there certain periods of time. And uh it's like I don't work, I'm stay at home parent, so it's like I have become a part time assistant teacher or something because uh it doesn't I don't know how long this will last, but I don't think anyone, like in any field, it's not just manageable, like for a lot of people in all kinds of different uh stairs of the society because businesses are shutting down the people at home. Like I know a lot of my friends, they're working adults and both the parents are working and they can treat Children at home because uh the they can't they can't hire anyone, no child care is available, their schools are online, the schools are don't have enough spaces for learning centers, so I don't know. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is,
SPEAKER_L: Crazy. This year is just, I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm kind of curious as to wonder what exactly do they do for online learning for kindergarten? I mean,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: what do
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: the teachers
SPEAKER_L: tell you that
SPEAKER_R: do?
SPEAKER_L: they show shapes and they're like, you know, like now the Children, I have seen my Children's friends, they're lying on their beds and they're sleeping and the teachers like this is a square. The square has four sites and one of the kids is sleeping. One of the kids is jumping on the bed. You know, some of them are hungry. They go out during the lesson and uh they shouting for their parents for lunch and all that because doctors have just started school. They're not used to, you know, set time for lunch
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: and set down for
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: snacks. So they're at home, they can eat anytime they want. And it's it's so funny. The first day there were there were people, there were Children who didn't want to get up and their parents had gotten them up and put them in front of the screen there. Hair was not made, they were still in their pajamas, they were, they didn't want their breakfast, they were fighting with their parents and trying to listen to their teachers. It is a special little Children. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I can imagine, I mean more so because, you know, there's not really like a set structure, like in terms of like timeframe, so, you know, kids don't really know how to handle that kind of situation. So it's like, you know, every day is basically like a,
SPEAKER_L: I told
SPEAKER_R: well at home day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and the thing is like my older child, she is in 5th grade and if the structure that the school has thought off, yes, it could work like they have this 45 minute reading class and then the teacher would set them some work, explain it to them in those 45 minutes and then give them a 15 minute break in which they can complete their classwork. So the older Children can do that because they know now is work time and this is listening time. The
SPEAKER_R: Writing,
SPEAKER_L: younger Children do not like they even have online school for preschoolers. I
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: completely
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: don't understand how that would work.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, how do you tell your child to do, you know, whatever assignment that the teacher assigns, I mean, unless you like forcing me, you know, sit them down at the computer and television what to do and.
SPEAKER_L: and, and preschool is more like, it's just playing and having fun and you know, having a schedule, it's like structuring the channel to transition into proper schooling. Like they should, this is snack time, this is playtime, this is circle time, that kind of stuff. I don't know, no one's going to do that at home. But it's funny, it's funny. I hope the college students don't do that because I don't know, maybe they have college students can be all kinds
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean I've
SPEAKER_L: four
SPEAKER_R: seen
SPEAKER_L: times a day.
SPEAKER_R: zoom conferences where you know basically college students are dead or you know like kindergarten is, you know, they just woke up and their hair is like sort of messy or what not, but I mean even
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: for order kids, I mean it's a struggle to sort of I guess, you know, a just because you don't really have that sociability interaction and especially, you know like within the classroom, I mean even being able to chit chat with your friend or just you know have a conversation, you can't really do that in a videoconference and settings, so it becomes very monotonous and boring sort of.
SPEAKER_L: it's not the same feeling. I've, I've always maintained online learning. It's, I don't think it's even as fruitful because I think most of the people, like just a general normal human beings, they tend to learn more if they're present physically in a place, the environment is completely different. Like the thought of a school of a place of learning, this is just them sitting in front of a computer which is basically at home. They it's their it's their place where they come to relax. It's
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: not a place of learning. So I don't even think it works psychologically. Uh I don't know, I may be wrong, but that's what we're seeing these Children. I um they had complete on online school during the spring semester and that was a disaster. Like uh they couldn't understand stuff to teach. Children need. I think they need to ask a lot of questions. There should be a more uh two and four conversation for them to you know, I completely understand a subject that that's usually not there in online learning. I hope you said soon because I don't think I can carry on much longer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean how do you manage just handling your kids at home like every single day? Don't you feel like you need like a break or like get tired or? Oh man.
SPEAKER_L: I was looking forward to a break after the school starts. People were like uh maybe they'll have a hybrid sort of schedule. Like they would go to school three days a week or maybe go only in the evenings or the mornings, that sort of thing. I had actually enrolled there to go because I, my Children, I have never seen them say that they want to go to school, but this time they have over the summer they were like we want to meet our friends, we haven't seen our friends, we want to talk to them and they couldn't and now let's see, texas isn't really um actually the only thing closed over here, our schools, everything else is open and people aren't really really following the rules actually. So I don't know texas has a kind of, I talked to a person, a friend of mine who's in the uh Northeast. Uh they took it pretty seriously and they were able to open schools at least to some extent. No, in the 4th, but Texans don't care, always fall there always people everywhere, they don't really care.
SPEAKER_R: Are there cases over there, are they skyrocketing or are they
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: consistent?
SPEAKER_L: have come down like in the past one or two weeks, but come down in the sense that there were 5000 cases in a day.
SPEAKER_R: 5000 within a day?
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: Only
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: movie?
SPEAKER_L: like around 2000, maybe 2500, that sort of stuff. Our death toll was actually 500 or 600 a day during the summer and still they don't stay in. Like we went to a restaurant and we just, we opened the door to see because
SPEAKER_R: These
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: ladies.
SPEAKER_L: have allowed a limited seating and it was full, it was packed and no one asked them. The There is a law saying that you cannot accommodate more than 50% of your uh capacity.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: It was completely full. There was no 50% true over there. And they didn't get I don't think the best thing because they were getting in everyone where we was coming. They even told us to get it if you want to. So they're not taking it seriously. I don't um
SPEAKER_R: That's scary.
SPEAKER_L: it is and that's like, like even though I want to send my Children to school, uh when you think of that, it's better that they're at home, not all that
SPEAKER_R: great
SPEAKER_L: because there are a lot of people in school, you don't know where everyone's coming from.
SPEAKER_R: read.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how it is in psyche about that. Like is it different than the texas people?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess in hawaii a lot of people are very well I guess like caring towards one another. So you know there is a lot more initiative to follow the rules and try to practice social distancing and wearing a mask whenever possible. Um So like for example if you go to the Costco for example, you know everyone is wearing the mask inside and trying to social distance so you know the good thing about way is that because it's a very liberal state, a lot of people are more, I guess they're able to um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what the rate would is but sort of the more awful toward one another and try to, you know, keep in mind that, you know,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: we want to try to protect everyone.
SPEAKER_L: guess because I have seen that the liberal states, like if you look at the map, I was just doing this that day uh the more conservative status people are very rigid in their thinking. If they like more most of the anti vaxxers would be conservative states and they would be conservatives. I don't understand that because this is such a situation that is there right in front of our eyes. How can a person not understand that? Most of the Liberal states the Northeastern states they've been very considerate of this lot that following the rules they've been doing their stuff and they have been able to you know at least open everything to a limited extent in the conservative states. It's all open. It's always been open and know what there's so I don't know I don't know that's why in my opinion the U. S. Is made up of a lot of different countries with people
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: who will compete completely different. Absolutely thinking is different.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is. I mean especially within the conservative states, I think a lot of them have a very strong emphasis on individual freedom. So that's why you see like people protesting about um you know, not wanting to wear
SPEAKER_L: About
SPEAKER_R: masks
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: because it violates their personal freedom, but at the same time we're in a crisis as a country and we we need to pull together to try and combat this virus first and foremost, you know, before really, you know, thinking about your own individual freedom. What about the lives of everyone else that
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: mindset? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is what I don't get your thinking about. Okay fine we're having a mosque um kind of pinches on your freedom to breathe as they say but not wearing a mosque is actually endangering a person's life. They can't seem to you know uh equate both ideas at the same time. They're not able to judge. Which should weigh more rich side. They should you know go to which side is more logical. Everything starts and ends at the individual over there. And um I I've seen a lot of videos like I even saw we went to one more that day and I saw this person it is mandatory it is written on the uh entry that mosques are mandatory. The person was invading it. And he was talking about and looking at other people as if you know you want to challenge me, you want to challenge me that kind of stuff. It's it's I don't know it's um I don't know where that comes from because uh when we were in Pakistan I mean you look at the US from outside, it's supposed to be literate. Oh like public elementary education. Higher education is mandatory over here. Right? Everyone's supposed to go to school in Pakistan. If people have this kind of an attitude we we we say that it's because they're not educated, they're illiterate. They don't understand, you can't explain stuff to them. I don't understand why it is here of this kind of thinking because the anti-Vaxxers, I was shocked when I heard that there was a thing there were people that call themselves anti-vaxxers because we have them in Pakistan and we have seen the consequences. They don't understand it over there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I get what you're saying. I mean until you really need live in America, you don't realize how stupid americans can be. Art in my language. But I think, you know, especially looking at our country compared to the rest of the world, whether it be europe or I don't know, Japan or anywhere else. If you have a leader, you know, the President of the United States, who's setting the example for us as sort of uneducated americans. Then, you know, it makes the country look worse in general to other countries and other people in different countries. And you know, it just sits a worse and even more better reputation for americans I think. And you know, I feel that needs to change.
SPEAKER_L: it does. Because my mother was here during the crisis, she came here in december, she couldn't go back and we were sitting here and we were hearing news from Pakistan and everyone was like yeah you're you're better off,
SPEAKER_R: Great. Ready?
SPEAKER_L: Everyone was saying to my mother you're better off over there because over here no one's following the rules, they have to impose lockdowns and all that but because she was here, she could see that there was there's a dual problem because America fundamentally I think was formed as you know as people who wanted to be free from oppression
SPEAKER_R: Great. Great.
SPEAKER_L: now they don't want to follow any kind of reform now any logical rule even is an impingement on their freedom. And she was she was tired of telling people that you know everywhere is open, it's not at least the government enforced it. And now Pakistan has got one of the lowest rates of infection every day. And we're still the same here in texas. And
SPEAKER_R: other country is handling this coronavirus situation much better than America, unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: people have looked like, even even even UK, even the you people okay weren't really following the following the logic. They weren't following everything. The the Prime Minister was the same as our president. He was like, yeah, you know, like it's okay. We don't do it everything. But even they have learned, he haven't and I don't know, I don't know why because um, it's like they're too stubborn to learn. It's the stubbornness. It's like our evil you don't want to learn very right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's sad in many release.
SPEAKER_L: It is, it is because it shouldn't be America as, as from, because I have seen this from the outside. Uh, it is regarded as one of the most progressive people. People who are willing to learn, who are willing to, you know, adapt to situations. Corona has kind of wiped that mentality off because right now it's the number, it's the leader in cases and infections and no one's no one cares, but it's the lack of care. Yeah. Hi. Hopefully. Hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Well, hopefully next year gets better and you know, every year after that, I mean, I'm sure I'll take a while for the vaccine to become available to everyone, but slowly but surely. I'm sure we'll go through through
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: this together.
SPEAKER_L: even then, you know, it's not going to be completely gone. It can never
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: be completely
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: gone. And if there is an anti vaxxers against going, what do we do that? Yes.
SPEAKER_R: It just slows the progression and trying to defeat the virus.
SPEAKER_L: Because you can have a vaccine available to everyone this year and people still not, you know, get it because they don't like it. Or maybe I heard a person say that it's not real. It's all a leftist propaganda.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I heard that too. I mean, there's some crazy conspiracy theories out there about this coronavirus. It was made in the lab. Um you know, it was meant to try and control the population, but not I don't know where people are getting these information,
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: but it's just
SPEAKER_L: heard one about Bill Gates to that he wants to get his uh vaccine
SPEAKER_R: Green.
SPEAKER_L: into everyone. So yeah, that's cool. As if, as if he requires all that. He already has all our everyone uses. Everyone uses the internet. I don't know, go through all this problem of infecting and killing so many people. But it's crazy. Uh people can come up with so many things and Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh So nice meeting you. A nice.
SPEAKER_R: Nice meeting you. It was very it was a very good conversation that we had.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. And I got to know a person in Hawaii so I might come and
SPEAKER_R: One.
SPEAKER_L: meeting some time. I
SPEAKER_R: Just let me know. Yes. Uh
SPEAKER_L: know you can find you you're you're in a university, right? So yeah, I know you
SPEAKER_R: Take care.
SPEAKER_L: Do. You do
SPEAKER_R: Bye bye.