Thank you. You do Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Just think. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think? Okay. Do you think you could possibly get? Yeah actually yeah.
I am.
I am good, how are you? I'm aimin I'm
sorry I didn't I didn't catch your name I'm sorry.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Houston texas
and you?
that's cool, it's so cool. That is one of the places I want to visit someday.
you've
grown up there or you?
then that would be pretty uh then that would be pretty for it. Yeah. Yes.
Nothing I just moved to texas um a year back actually but because of the corona thing six months are completely lost so that doesn't count because
everything um you can you could go out like people in texas didn't really stay inside but we don't go out because we didn't want to because everyone else was outside.
I am originally from Pakistan. Uh They've been in the US for some time now. We move around a lot of places. Actually. We've lived in Minnesota, we've lived in new york, we've lived in Missouri and now we're in texas so we're checking off all the things. Uh I is one of the places
uh depends because uh the U. S. Is kind of like a lot of different countries like whatever I moved to. It's so completely different that I generally I like you the food in Houston because it's our taste and the weather in Minnesota. I love.
No because Pakistan, the place I lived in uh you didn't have its leather was like Houston so you don't you don't really have winters that's
why
I love winters that's there is uh what's the weather like in hawaii like? It's the island weather right
for love.
so
yeah you don't have a very large differences so that's
good, you could just enjoy all your stuff.
that was that was the most fascinating thing for me too because you don't have that in Karachi, that's one of the southern cities so you didn't have any way there. I never knew that fall could be that beautiful new york upstate new york fall is beautiful. Uh
You see all kinds of colors like there was a pink shocking pink tree that I saw and I never thought please could be that color because
where I come from it's either hot or hotter or warm. You don't get winters. So yeah it's it's fun, it's fun. What do you do, like what are you doing as a for what what what do you do the study?
Yeah.
Was it good?
Mhm. Yeah. I know. But uh was was Hawaii ever closed like was there complete lockdown ever like they
Everything.
Yes. Um I have three Children and they started school this week and little Children there in elementary school. So I completely get your online studying things. I don't know how How anyone can manage completely 100% online studying, like it's so different. I thought adults could actually somewhat manage. But uh like you said you you don't like it too, like I thought it was only a problem for little kids because they wanted interaction with the teachers, sometimes they don't get something and then the teachers just the teacher is not obvious, they're they're only there certain periods of time. And uh it's like I don't work, I'm stay at home parent, so it's like I have become a part time assistant teacher or something because uh it doesn't I don't know how long this will last, but I don't think anyone, like in any field, it's not just manageable, like for a lot of people in all kinds of different uh stairs of the society because businesses are shutting down the people at home. Like I know a lot of my friends, they're working adults and both the parents are working and they can treat Children at home because uh the they can't they can't hire anyone, no child care is available, their schools are online, the schools are don't have enough spaces for learning centers, so I don't know. It's crazy.
Crazy. This year is just, I don't know. Yeah.
I
can
tell you that
they show shapes and they're like, you know, like now the Children, I have seen my Children's friends, they're lying on their beds and they're sleeping and the teachers like this is a square. The square has four sites and one of the kids is sleeping. One of the kids is jumping on the bed. You know, some of them are hungry. They go out during the lesson and uh they shouting for their parents for lunch and all that because doctors have just started school. They're not used to, you know, set time for lunch
and set down for
snacks. So they're at home, they can eat anytime they want. And it's it's so funny. The first day there were there were people, there were Children who didn't want to get up and their parents had gotten them up and put them in front of the screen there. Hair was not made, they were still in their pajamas, they were, they didn't want their breakfast, they were fighting with their parents and trying to listen to their teachers. It is a special little Children. Yes,
I told
and the thing is like my older child, she is in 5th grade and if the structure that the school has thought off, yes, it could work like they have this 45 minute reading class and then the teacher would set them some work, explain it to them in those 45 minutes and then give them a 15 minute break in which they can complete their classwork. So the older Children can do that because they know now is work time and this is listening time. The
younger Children do not like they even have online school for preschoolers. I
completely
don't understand how that would work.
and, and preschool is more like, it's just playing and having fun and you know, having a schedule, it's like structuring the channel to transition into proper schooling. Like they should, this is snack time, this is playtime, this is circle time, that kind of stuff. I don't know, no one's going to do that at home. But it's funny, it's funny. I hope the college students don't do that because I don't know, maybe they have college students can be all kinds
four
times a day.
and
it's not the same feeling. I've, I've always maintained online learning. It's, I don't think it's even as fruitful because I think most of the people, like just a general normal human beings, they tend to learn more if they're present physically in a place, the environment is completely different. Like the thought of a school of a place of learning, this is just them sitting in front of a computer which is basically at home. They it's their it's their place where they come to relax. It's
not a place of learning. So I don't even think it works psychologically. Uh I don't know, I may be wrong, but that's what we're seeing these Children. I um they had complete on online school during the spring semester and that was a disaster. Like uh they couldn't understand stuff to teach. Children need. I think they need to ask a lot of questions. There should be a more uh two and four conversation for them to you know, I completely understand a subject that that's usually not there in online learning. I hope you said soon because I don't think I can carry on much longer.
I was looking forward to a break after the school starts. People were like uh maybe they'll have a hybrid sort of schedule. Like they would go to school three days a week or maybe go only in the evenings or the mornings, that sort of thing. I had actually enrolled there to go because I, my Children, I have never seen them say that they want to go to school, but this time they have over the summer they were like we want to meet our friends, we haven't seen our friends, we want to talk to them and they couldn't and now let's see, texas isn't really um actually the only thing closed over here, our schools, everything else is open and people aren't really really following the rules actually. So I don't know texas has a kind of, I talked to a person, a friend of mine who's in the uh Northeast. Uh they took it pretty seriously and they were able to open schools at least to some extent. No, in the 4th, but Texans don't care, always fall there always people everywhere, they don't really care.
They
have come down like in the past one or two weeks, but come down in the sense that there were 5000 cases in a day.
now
it's
like around 2000, maybe 2500, that sort of stuff. Our death toll was actually 500 or 600 a day during the summer and still they don't stay in. Like we went to a restaurant and we just, we opened the door to see because
they
have allowed a limited seating and it was full, it was packed and no one asked them. The There is a law saying that you cannot accommodate more than 50% of your uh capacity.
It was completely full. There was no 50% true over there. And they didn't get I don't think the best thing because they were getting in everyone where we was coming. They even told us to get it if you want to. So they're not taking it seriously. I don't um
it is and that's like, like even though I want to send my Children to school, uh when you think of that, it's better that they're at home, not all that
because there are a lot of people in school, you don't know where everyone's coming from.
I don't know how it is in psyche about that. Like is it different than the texas people?
Yeah.
I
guess because I have seen that the liberal states, like if you look at the map, I was just doing this that day uh the more conservative status people are very rigid in their thinking. If they like more most of the anti vaxxers would be conservative states and they would be conservatives. I don't understand that because this is such a situation that is there right in front of our eyes. How can a person not understand that? Most of the Liberal states the Northeastern states they've been very considerate of this lot that following the rules they've been doing their stuff and they have been able to you know at least open everything to a limited extent in the conservative states. It's all open. It's always been open and know what there's so I don't know I don't know that's why in my opinion the U. S. Is made up of a lot of different countries with people
who will compete completely different. Absolutely thinking is different.
About
that.
That's
is what I don't get your thinking about. Okay fine we're having a mosque um kind of pinches on your freedom to breathe as they say but not wearing a mosque is actually endangering a person's life. They can't seem to you know uh equate both ideas at the same time. They're not able to judge. Which should weigh more rich side. They should you know go to which side is more logical. Everything starts and ends at the individual over there. And um I I've seen a lot of videos like I even saw we went to one more that day and I saw this person it is mandatory it is written on the uh entry that mosques are mandatory. The person was invading it. And he was talking about and looking at other people as if you know you want to challenge me, you want to challenge me that kind of stuff. It's it's I don't know it's um I don't know where that comes from because uh when we were in Pakistan I mean you look at the US from outside, it's supposed to be literate. Oh like public elementary education. Higher education is mandatory over here. Right? Everyone's supposed to go to school in Pakistan. If people have this kind of an attitude we we we say that it's because they're not educated, they're illiterate. They don't understand, you can't explain stuff to them. I don't understand why it is here of this kind of thinking because the anti-Vaxxers, I was shocked when I heard that there was a thing there were people that call themselves anti-vaxxers because we have them in Pakistan and we have seen the consequences. They don't understand it over there.
it does. Because my mother was here during the crisis, she came here in december, she couldn't go back and we were sitting here and we were hearing news from Pakistan and everyone was like yeah you're you're better off,
Everyone was saying to my mother you're better off over there because over here no one's following the rules, they have to impose lockdowns and all that but because she was here, she could see that there was there's a dual problem because America fundamentally I think was formed as you know as people who wanted to be free from oppression
now they don't want to follow any kind of reform now any logical rule even is an impingement on their freedom. And she was she was tired of telling people that you know everywhere is open, it's not at least the government enforced it. And now Pakistan has got one of the lowest rates of infection every day. And we're still the same here in texas. And
people have looked like, even even even UK, even the you people okay weren't really following the following the logic. They weren't following everything. The the Prime Minister was the same as our president. He was like, yeah, you know, like it's okay. We don't do it everything. But even they have learned, he haven't and I don't know, I don't know why because um, it's like they're too stubborn to learn. It's the stubbornness. It's like our evil you don't want to learn very right.
It is, it is because it shouldn't be America as, as from, because I have seen this from the outside. Uh, it is regarded as one of the most progressive people. People who are willing to learn, who are willing to, you know, adapt to situations. Corona has kind of wiped that mentality off because right now it's the number, it's the leader in cases and infections and no one's no one cares, but it's the lack of care. Yeah. Hi. Hopefully. Hopefully.
But
even then, you know, it's not going to be completely gone. It can never
be completely
gone. And if there is an anti vaxxers against going, what do we do that? Yes.
Because you can have a vaccine available to everyone this year and people still not, you know, get it because they don't like it. Or maybe I heard a person say that it's not real. It's all a leftist propaganda.
I've
heard one about Bill Gates to that he wants to get his uh vaccine
into everyone. So yeah, that's cool. As if, as if he requires all that. He already has all our everyone uses. Everyone uses the internet. I don't know, go through all this problem of infecting and killing so many people. But it's crazy. Uh people can come up with so many things and Yeah. Okay.
Uh So nice meeting you. A nice.
Yes. And I got to know a person in Hawaii so I might come and
meeting some time. I
know you can find you you're you're in a university, right? So yeah, I know you
Do. You do