Yeah. Hi can you hear me?
How are you?
I'm feeling nice to meet you.
Oh I'm Dylan. Okay
yeah
I'm good. Um So where do you live, correct me
all Houston? Okay.
I mean Honolulu hawaii
Already? Oh well I don't know I guess for me there's not much to do on the island since I've pretty much seen everything and done
that. Yeah.
born and raised here.
So I guess what what what what have you done in texas before?
Oh I see. Oh
Great. Great. Great. Yeah.
Oh okay. What is your favorite location so far that you've been to?
I see.
Oh so it's very
hot then
Yeah it's basically the same you know throughout the four seasons. I mean it's basically very hot at times and um sometimes humid but it remains pretty much consistently sunny and with a little bit of trade winds here and there. Um But I guess the main difference would be that
um Well I mean the seasons are very mild in the sense that there's not much change from spring to summer. I mean there's like a slight change during summer, the temperatures do increase and humidity does increase but it's not very significant. Whereas you know in the mainland certain states like there's a drastic increase lee. I know new york for instance, you know their seasons are very extreme. Um And then I guess for hawaii when it becomes like following winter um the temperatures start to cool down like within the um mid to lower seventies, so it's still you know comfortable. Um And I guess our rainy season would be pretty much like during the winter into spring, so maybe around december into february. I mean it's not consistently raining, but the rain appears to be more destroying those
arenas
brain.
Yeah, I guess so. But we don't have snow here, well except like on one of the mountains on the other island, but other than that we don't get to experience snow or really like fall or like really a nice spring because I don't know, I just bring me like whenever I've been like out of state, like for example within the California or new york and it's nice to see the seasons like you know, winter or spring, you know, it's nice to see like the nature and plants like just changing um leaves and colors, but we don't really have that here in Hawaii, unfortunately.
wow.
Whoa.
Career be. Um Yeah, I am working part time as a barista. Um So they had Starbucks and then I've also started school this week, so um it's been kind of like a challenge to manage like online schooling because everything's online now with the coronavirus. Um
And so, well I guess for me I'm not a big fan of online during just because I need that sort of in person interaction. So it's been a little bit difficult but I've been trying to adjust to it since that's basically the new normal that we have to sort of you know, get accustomed to. But in terms of working um my hours did sort of get cut back during the start of covid 19. But I think now things are somewhat starting to return to normal. Um I guess it sort of depends on how our case comp is deeply because right now within our island alone
we're seeing digits up to 200 to 3 hundreds daily. So the Mayor and the governor has been imposing restrictions and trying to close down parts and other public venues and to some extent even restaurants and bars so that they can try to control the spread in the population.
Um No not yet. I mean there's just been like a few restrictions here and there, but we haven't been completely isolated. Um I used the only really exception to that would be like travel, we're not really accepting international visitors or I used to some extent domestic visitors has been limited as well. Uh huh. So because weighs heavily tourism based um you know, it's been a very impactful um turn out for the economy in the sense that people are losing their jobs left and right. Um You know in the hotel industry, you know in the service industry what not? And so it's been challenging for a lot
of people just getting through this.
Yeah, it is,
I'm kind of curious as to wonder what exactly do they do for online learning for kindergarten? I mean,
what do
the teachers
do?
My
my
yeah, I can imagine, I mean more so because, you know, there's not really like a set structure, like in terms of like timeframe, so, you know, kids don't really know how to handle that kind of situation. So it's like, you know, every day is basically like a,
well at home day. Yeah.
Writing,
I don't
know.
Yeah, I mean, how do you tell your child to do, you know, whatever assignment that the teacher assigns, I mean, unless you like forcing me, you know, sit them down at the computer and television what to do and.
Yeah, I mean I've
seen
zoom conferences where you know basically college students are dead or you know like kindergarten is, you know, they just woke up and their hair is like sort of messy or what not, but I mean even
for order kids, I mean it's a struggle to sort of I guess, you know, a just because you don't really have that sociability interaction and especially, you know like within the classroom, I mean even being able to chit chat with your friend or just you know have a conversation, you can't really do that in a videoconference and settings, so it becomes very monotonous and boring sort of.
Hey.
Yeah, I mean how do you manage just handling your kids at home like every single day? Don't you feel like you need like a break or like get tired or? Oh man.
Are there cases over there, are they skyrocketing or are they
consistent?
5000 within a day?
Only
movie?
These
ladies.
Mhm,
That's scary.
great
read.
Yeah, I guess in hawaii a lot of people are very well I guess like caring towards one another. So you know there is a lot more initiative to follow the rules and try to practice social distancing and wearing a mask whenever possible. Um So like for example if you go to the Costco for example, you know everyone is wearing the mask inside and trying to social distance so you know the good thing about way is that because it's a very liberal state, a lot of people are more, I guess they're able to um
I don't know what the rate would is but sort of the more awful toward one another and try to, you know, keep in mind that, you know,
we want to try to protect everyone.
Great.
Yeah, it is. I mean especially within the conservative states, I think a lot of them have a very strong emphasis on individual freedom. So that's why you see like people protesting about um you know, not wanting to wear
masks
because it violates their personal freedom, but at the same time we're in a crisis as a country and we we need to pull together to try and combat this virus first and foremost, you know, before really, you know, thinking about your own individual freedom. What about the lives of everyone else that
mindset? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I get what you're saying. I mean until you really need live in America, you don't realize how stupid americans can be. Art in my language. But I think, you know, especially looking at our country compared to the rest of the world, whether it be europe or I don't know, Japan or anywhere else. If you have a leader, you know, the President of the United States, who's setting the example for us as sort of uneducated americans. Then, you know, it makes the country look worse in general to other countries and other people in different countries. And you know, it just sits a worse and even more better reputation for americans I think. And you know, I feel that needs to change.
Great. Ready?
Great. Great.
other country is handling this coronavirus situation much better than America, unfortunately.
Yeah. It's sad in many release.
Mhm. Yeah. Well, hopefully next year gets better and you know, every year after that, I mean, I'm sure I'll take a while for the vaccine to become available to everyone, but slowly but surely. I'm sure we'll go through through
this together.
that's
true.
It just slows the progression and trying to defeat the virus.
Mhm. I heard that too. I mean, there's some crazy conspiracy theories out there about this coronavirus. It was made in the lab. Um you know, it was meant to try and control the population, but not I don't know where people are getting these information,
but it's just
Green.
Yeah.
Nice meeting you. It was very it was a very good conversation that we had.
One.
Just let me know. Yes. Uh
Take care.
Bye bye.