SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: All right so yeah I'm not really sure. Are we supposed to just like freestyle or?
SPEAKER_L: I think it says uh huh mhm It says imagine you've met someone at a social event, you're getting to know each other.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I see. Okay so so are you do you live in the U. S. Or?
SPEAKER_L: mhm Yeah, I do do you?
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah I live in Chicago. Um Yeah my partner and I live in like a suburb of Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. I live in New Jersey. So like, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I have a friend who lives in um I think Jersey City. Um Yeah he works in new york so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Jersey City. Yeah, I know that. That's so cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So how are the coronavirus cases? Pretty high there or?
SPEAKER_L: Not anymore actually, like um we're actually like doing really well now. Like I think like new york Connecticut and New Jersey are like not like the best in like the cases I think.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: about real,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: starting to spike up a little bit here. I think we're getting like I think it's like 30% higher than like it was before. So yeah I think like our governor right now is anticipating that we're probably
SPEAKER_L: And then you
SPEAKER_R: going to
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: start shutting down again. Yes it's yeah it's it's you know people just aren't social distancing they're just kind of just not taking things seriously. So um yeah it's kind of a mess and yeah it's hard to, for a while they were like arresting people if they were like gathering and I
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: guess, yeah, it was, it was getting really bad.
SPEAKER_L: Were there like protests there too? Were like, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: They like um they said a lot of Chicago on fire. It was, it was wild.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, that's crazy. Yeah, like in New york, like there's been like a lot of protests, like in New Jersey, like most of them were peaceful. I don't think there was any like riots in New Jersey, but like, yeah, like I feel like this case is definitely like are going to spike like after all the protests and stuff because like no one was wearing mask or caring about that stuff when they're protesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So um yeah, I have family who live out um live out west and I mean like, I I know like California, like the cases are getting a lot higher. Um So yeah, we're definitely not out of the woods. Um I don't
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: think we're going
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: to be out of the woods for a while.
SPEAKER_L: Mm Yeah, it's so annoying because like I go to college at Penn State and like we're like, we're going, we're going back. But like, I don't know if they're going to like change it or like revoke their decision or something. Like I'm like, I've been stuck at home for like since like March. It just sucks. Like it's really annoying and like I can't work like it's so bad.
SPEAKER_R: I actually work in higher Ed. I, so I, my partner and I both work in higher ed and right now that they're anticipating like the school that I'm at, the school, I work as University of Chicago and right now, like we're anticipating that it's going to be like, we're going to go like hybrid, A hybrid format.
SPEAKER_L: You know that's what we're doing right now to
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I just, I don't even know how that's going to be sustainable. I mean like colleges are like Petri dishes, they just like, there's too many areas that you have to like monitor and I don't know how it's going to be done. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I got so sick in the beginning when I first went and like, now I know that I'm like, I'm like scared because like, it's literally like you live with a roommate, there's like all different people, like, all the parties and stuff, like it's like the gyms and everything. Like it literally like it's like bound to happen. Like I feel like there's gonna be a huge outbreak when people like go back to college and like, especially because like everyone is coming from different places all in one place, like it's so bad. I think we're gonna go like online again.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, um, I don't know, I it's, it's definitely going to be hard. I've been, um, I like you have been like at home since March, I I've been like working remotely and it is, it's just hell. I thought I would
SPEAKER_L: I hate
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: it and I was like, oh cool. I won't have to like go into the office and commute and battle traffic. And now I'm just, I, yeah, I mean, I hate it. Um, not being able to like have anything to do, like I live in a really small apartment so it's hard to separate like my work life from my personal life so yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So like, what do you do for your job like?
SPEAKER_R: so I work in like project management and operations so um it's for a it's for the like teaching college of the university of Chicago. Um So yeah we're kind of in the admin. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've been doing it for like three years. Um
SPEAKER_L: You know that's a good school that like in Chicago?
SPEAKER_R: it is it's a great school. It's um yeah I was actually looking into like taking classes there and it's like I think 80 grand a semester or a year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Like,
SPEAKER_R: what are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: colleges um I'm studying advertising and public relations. Like, like yeah, like it's like it's like two majors in one and then like you pick which one you want to do. So like I'm on the track and I could go for like pr if I wanted to or like advertising like either or. Mhm Yeah. But like, I feel like, I don't know, like, I hope everything goes back to normal soon. Like it's so annoying.
SPEAKER_R: I know I know. Uh So what kind of p r. Are you like? Do you want to get into like um like media or
SPEAKER_L: Back.
SPEAKER_R: like more corporate or?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Like I really liked media. Like I like, like, like I'm very, I think I'm like artistic. So like I, I like, like, like maybe like, like coming up with like advertising or whatever. Like, yeah, meet more media track. But like, I don't know, like, I really don't know what I want to do with my life yet. So like, yeah, I don't know like it's really hard to like the side, but like, I feel like I'll figure out because I'm only going to be a sophomore next year, so I have time.
SPEAKER_R: you have time. Yeah. You know it's interesting that we got paired because I I used to work in marketing and pr before I worked in higher
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: ed. Yeah. And I actually used to work for like film organizations. I used to do marketing and pr for like Chicago area film festivals. Um
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's cool. Translatotron
SPEAKER_R: it was it was fun. It's like it's yeah it's a lot of work like people in the arts are like really crazy. So. But yeah I think like I think like um starting out like doing stuff like for free like volunteering. I feel like it you'll get like an idea of if you like it and yeah. Yeah you have time you have time to do all that. But yeah, that would be like my like the one thing I wish I would've known when I went to school is like volunteer like off your time for free and you know, see what happens. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like, yeah, I definitely have time to decide the lake. I'm going to try and like do internships like you said to like try and like figure out if I like actually want to do it. But like, I feel like I could do other things. Like if I didn't end up liking it. Hopefully. Yeah, because it's like in communications school, like it's basically communications, but it's just like the smaller major within the school. It's like I could probably do anything with communications if I really wanted to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean you could honestly like my my degree was in english and I'm not doing anything related to my degree right now. And I mean I think the closest thing I ever did with my degree was marketing and I mean yeah so I mean you're once you get your degree like honestly like you can you can do whatever you like you want to do with it. You just kind of have to angle angle your resume to like one way or the other. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah, like right now I'm doing like, I work at college, but like it's like not really anything to do with communication, just like a minimum wage job. Like, like basically it's like telemarketing like I call them and ask them for money and then get students to do it. So they like more likely to donate money to the school. But like I don't really like it because like I always get screamed at by people and
SPEAKER_R: I can
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: imagine.
SPEAKER_L: like not my fault. Yeah. Like they scream at you, they curse you out. I'm like okay. Like yeah, so I want to try and find a different job probably. But like that's my job for now like as when I'm in college. But yeah. No like
SPEAKER_R: I mean I yeah I've learned that like throughout all of my experiences I can't stand working with like customers like being on the phone with people. I'm just like I go crazy. I'm like I cannot I just can't handle
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: like, Yeah. And like food to like in high school I used to work at like Dunkin donuts. It was so awful. Like grumpy people in the morning. Like they always complain about their food. Like I just hate working with customers. Like I don't want to do that definitely. Like pet. I don't know. Like they just get so pissed and it's like they scream at you and it's not your fault.
SPEAKER_R: Isn't it horrible? I know I working in like any service industry or it's I I just, I feel so like I feel a lot of like I just feel bad for some of these people because especially now like working in the service industry, like you're dealing with all of these like crazy people who have all of these like feelings of entitlement like going into restaurants and not wearing masks and stuff and I mean people in the
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: service industry
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: aren't getting paid enough to deal with this and
SPEAKER_L: anyone
SPEAKER_R: I just Yeah, I I feel for them I have a lot of um I have a lot of friends who worked in restaurants and um they are constantly like posting things on social media like oh my god, like this crazy woman came in and like raised hell because we asked her to put a mask on and it's just yeah. Yeah. I mean luckily though, those sorts of jobs, I mean are not permanent for most people, so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. Like. Yeah, I feel really bad like when people don't wear masks, it makes me so angry when they're like, like I don't have to wear a mask. Like it's not, it's like my right or whatever. Like no, we're just gonna get everyone sick around you. Like it makes me so mad. And then when it's like require that you have to wear a mask and a grocery store just do it. Like it's not a workers fall, but that's a rule, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. People
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: are, people are just, they really are something else. And
SPEAKER_L: Now.
SPEAKER_R: I, yeah, I'm originally from michigan and I was so ashamed when all those like crazy people were going up to the state capital without masks on and protesting to stay at home order. I'm like, my God, like how are people that stupid?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Is michigan cool. I'm over abandon teams. Cool.
SPEAKER_R: I love michigan. Yeah, I mean, um, my partner and I um, before all this happened, we were kind of aiming to go back there or I would, I'm originally from there, he's from, he's originally from here, but um, we both love it and yeah, I would love to move back, but there's just no jobs there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like have you ever been to like the Great Lakes is that's what's there? Or like? Yeah. That's so cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. It's, it's gorgeous. Especially like in the fall we used to go to like um Charlevoix, which is kind of at the Upper Peninsula and it was just so gorgeous. Like honestly, yeah, it's like otherworldly seeing like the that color change like as you're getting closer to the like tip of michigan, it's, it's just gorgeous. It's yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: So did you go to university of michigan then, or like?
SPEAKER_R: no, I actually went to eastern michigan. Um Yeah, yeah, it wasn't fancy enough to go to um
SPEAKER_L: And like there's michigan state to, right? I think there's like, yeah, there's like a lot of colleges in michigan like are like enemies like. Like you them like that's a yeah, like that's like our football rival.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, I didn't
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's a really good school like. It's very fancy. Have an affair
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: afraid of.
SPEAKER_R: so now what part of, are you, are you close to new york or is it like um that's
SPEAKER_L: I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like 30 minutes from like 30 to 40 minutes from the city. I'm like, like north Jersey like, like not very north, but like, kind of like north central kind of.
SPEAKER_R: cool. So so you could like hop on a train and go downtown kind of thing? That's great.
SPEAKER_L: Like, yeah, I used to like always go to the Lake city with my friends and we just like take the train and like, I'm like, yeah, I'm like 25 minutes from Jersey City. Probably like, a lot of some of my friends went to ST peter's prep. I don't know, you probably don't know, but like that's in Jersey City like. So yeah, A lot of my friends are from that area too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, my friend actually moved out there last year. He's working for the James Beard foundation and yeah, he loves it. Um Yeah he loves
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Jersey
SPEAKER_L: was gonna
SPEAKER_R: Study.
SPEAKER_L: ask if you like Jersey like it's like hit or miss kind of.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean it's weird because you know I'm I'm like I'm used to like Chicago expensive and then like when he was when he was telling me about like apartments in new york and how you need like 10 roommates to like stay afloat. I was yeah I was just completely like flabbergasted. I just I don't know I couldn't, I think he's paying $1000 a month where he's at in Jersey City but the place has like it's got like roaches and bedbugs and I'm just like yeah so
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: and he's paying a grand for it, I'm just like oh god like I no
SPEAKER_L: covered.
SPEAKER_R: I couldn't I couldn't do
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: so expensive. It's so like overly like, like yeah, Jersey City is probably really expensive because it's like near the city are like Hoboken. Like those places are so expensive like for no reason, it's so annoying and like Jersey in general is just so expensive. Like it's really not, it's like Chicago like that like is that like, that's a pretty big city, right, like.
SPEAKER_R: Chicago. Yeah it's pretty big and
SPEAKER_L: Time.
SPEAKER_R: so we live in like a western part of like Chicago. Um So it's not as expensive as like as like maybe the northern or um like downtown Chicago. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, we like it, we're just um right now we really want to change, I'm really tired of these winters. Um And
SPEAKER_L: are they bad there?
SPEAKER_R: they're horrible, just horrible. I mean I yeah, I we have family uh we both have family out west, and so we're kind of looking into like California Arizona colorado.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, I love Arizona. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I went last year. So nice.
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: It's beautiful there, and like colorado, I want to live there when I'm older. It's so pretty there too.
SPEAKER_R: It is, yeah, we um we have friends in uh bolder and in aurora, so
SPEAKER_L: My God. Show nice.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I love boulder. Oh my god, I I I could move there like today if if I had a choice, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my friend goes to um uh UC boulder and like, she loves it. Yeah, she like literally loves it. Like she looks like she's having the time of her life there. They like, they go like hiking on the weekends and stuff and like, they go to the mountain stuff, like it looks so fun. I would totally live there
SPEAKER_R: I know I and it's like it's a really interesting like culture in colorado, like people are like actually friendly, like I'm not used
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: that like Chicago and like I'm sure in like Jersey or new york they're just
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: nasty.
SPEAKER_L: are not nice here. I didn't know that. People are like mean in Chicago,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, they can
SPEAKER_L: Is it
SPEAKER_R: be,
SPEAKER_L: just like Yeah, like um in Jersey, like people are definitely like, I mean like, people have like, a bad stereotype about Jersey being mean, but like, they're not like, horrible, but like, definitely, like they won't smile at you when you walk by, like, that kind of stuff. And like, everyone drives so fast, which I like, but like, it's just like the stereotype, I don't know. But then it's like, I like Jersey because we have like the beach and the city, but like yeah, I don't know. Like, I don't think I'm gonna live here when I'm older because like, people are rude and there's much better places to live. Like mm I would really want to live in colorado looks so nice there.
SPEAKER_R: it is, and there's a lot of, there's a lot of jobs in colorado. Um it's, yeah, yeah, maybe, yeah, aim for that, you know, that's uh you could always like live there for a year and if you hate it, you can always, you know, move back to Jersey and kind of uh go back to square one. I did that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Mhm. So did you like you move, when did you move from michigan to Chicago?
SPEAKER_R: so I moved when I graduated, so it was 2012. Um
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: and yeah, I've been here, I've been here since, yeah, I went to michigan for a little bit, probably like six months or so, just stayed with my my grandma, but um yeah, yeah, I've been here since and it it's definitely a lot different than michigan. I, yeah, I don't like it,
SPEAKER_L: that's interesting. You don't?
SPEAKER_R: no, no, I
SPEAKER_L: So like, what is there to
SPEAKER_R: come
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: in Chicago? Like what do you guys do for fun,
SPEAKER_R: well, so um my partner and I are both really into like politics, so we're really active with like progressive like movement in Chicago. Uh we go to
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: um we go to like um there's a place in Chicago, it's like the LGBT sector, it's called boystown and so we go there
SPEAKER_L: last
SPEAKER_R: once
SPEAKER_L: one?
SPEAKER_R: in a while and then we, we really just like taking like road trips were very close to like um Wisconsin, so there's a little place for like geneva that we go to. Yeah, there's stuff to do, it's just, I can't see like sustaining, like I just can't see like growing old here, I just, I can't,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you don't, Yeah, you'll definitely like, be like, I feel like everything going on right now, it's like a pause in the world, but like I hope things will get back to normal soon. I mean like I feel like when they find a vaccine it will be more normal. Like if you want to have to wear masks when there's a vaccine and stuff, it's just people keep making it worse by like not listening to the rules and like not social distancing. Like I'm surprised that New Jersey is doing like, like the best out of like all those other states, like Connecticut new york, New Jersey like no. Yeah. Like I think, yeah, I think we're like the best three right now. I think Connecticut is doing the best out of all of them. Like they literally have like like 40 cases a day now or something. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I know like because like our governors were strict about everything like I feel like everywhere else like florida and like the south like they opened up way too early and like they're like, they're paying for it now. Like we were like, we have a house in like florida and like my grandma lives there so like we were going to go but now we can't even go anymore because it was like in the beginning florida was better than New Jersey. But then it like switched because people don't listen. So like now I guess we're not going like it's so bad.
SPEAKER_R: florida, I mean they, I don't know that they really really opened up like rapidly um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like two weeks after something.
SPEAKER_R: yep. The same with Arizona, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: because I know Arizona right now, it's a hotbed um and so is so is florida I mean in texas, oh my God, like I have family.
SPEAKER_L: texas so bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yes and the problem is like texas is like, I feel like these like very conservative states, like they kind
SPEAKER_L: Those
SPEAKER_R: of like
SPEAKER_L: are the words.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they just sort of been to like the majority of the population, like not wanting to wear maths and you know, whatever, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it's like those who are
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: day
SPEAKER_L: like the
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: redneck people are that like don't listen to anything and they're like so set on what they want. Like it's just a disaster. Like I, I kind of knew that was gonna happen. Like my friend lives in south Carolina and she's like, yeah, I'm scared to go out because like it's so bad. They're like the cases spike so badly because they didn't do it right. And then you look at states in the north that are like, like the more blue states and like they're like doing better because like, like when you're strict about it, that's when like the change happens. Hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I I just I'm hoping that it will be clear by like early 2021 but I somehow, I feel like if trump gets reelected, that probably won't happen. But
SPEAKER_L: Oh God. Don't get me started on him. He does not give a shit about, he doesn't even wear a mask.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Like yeah, he's, he's something else. Like if he gets voted in again, then this country is just fucked like in
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: opinion.
SPEAKER_R: I have like ancestry in Canada and I've been for the longest
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: time I've been looking into like, okay, how can I like easily like emigrate to Canada because I am, I'm
SPEAKER_L: Canada
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: is way better than here. That Canada is so nice like.
SPEAKER_R: it is, I mean my my family there, they leave their they leave their doors, their front doors open, like they don't lock their doors and because I remember they came when we were living in michigan and they were shocked that we were locking our doors and I'm like, oh my God, like you live in another world, I want to live there. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: That's so crazy. I mean, well I think it's been 25. Do we have to talk for 25 minutes?
SPEAKER_R: I think so. Yeah, Okay. All right, we're done. All right, well, it was good
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you and take care and good luck
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: with school.
SPEAKER_L: too. You too.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: Bye.