Hello?
Good, how are you doing?
All right so yeah I'm not really sure. Are we supposed to just like freestyle or?
Oh I see. Okay so so are you do you live in the U. S. Or?
yep. Yeah I live in Chicago. Um Yeah my partner and I live in like a suburb of Chicago.
Yeah I have a friend who lives in um I think Jersey City. Um Yeah he works in new york so. Yeah.
So how are the coronavirus cases? Pretty high there or?
That's
good.
Yeah it's
starting to spike up a little bit here. I think we're getting like I think it's like 30% higher than like it was before. So yeah I think like our governor right now is anticipating that we're probably
going to
start shutting down again. Yes it's yeah it's it's you know people just aren't social distancing they're just kind of just not taking things seriously. So um yeah it's kind of a mess and yeah it's hard to, for a while they were like arresting people if they were like gathering and I
guess, yeah, it was, it was getting really bad.
They like um they said a lot of Chicago on fire. It was, it was wild.
Yeah. So um yeah, I have family who live out um live out west and I mean like, I I know like California, like the cases are getting a lot higher. Um So yeah, we're definitely not out of the woods. Um I don't
think we're going
to be out of the woods for a while.
I actually work in higher Ed. I, so I, my partner and I both work in higher ed and right now that they're anticipating like the school that I'm at, the school, I work as University of Chicago and right now, like we're anticipating that it's going to be like, we're going to go like hybrid, A hybrid format.
Yeah. I just, I don't even know how that's going to be sustainable. I mean like colleges are like Petri dishes, they just like, there's too many areas that you have to like monitor and I don't know how it's going to be done. But
Yeah, I mean, um, I don't know, I it's, it's definitely going to be hard. I've been, um, I like you have been like at home since March, I I've been like working remotely and it is, it's just hell. I thought I would
like
it and I was like, oh cool. I won't have to like go into the office and commute and battle traffic. And now I'm just, I, yeah, I mean, I hate it. Um, not being able to like have anything to do, like I live in a really small apartment so it's hard to separate like my work life from my personal life so yeah
so I work in like project management and operations so um it's for a it's for the like teaching college of the university of Chicago. Um So yeah we're kind of in the admin. Um Yeah
I've been doing it for like three years. Um
it is it's a great school. It's um yeah I was actually looking into like taking classes there and it's like I think 80 grand a semester or a year.
So
what are you studying?
I know I know. Uh So what kind of p r. Are you like? Do you want to get into like um like media or
like more corporate or?
you have time. Yeah. You know it's interesting that we got paired because I I used to work in marketing and pr before I worked in higher
ed. Yeah. And I actually used to work for like film organizations. I used to do marketing and pr for like Chicago area film festivals. Um
it was it was fun. It's like it's yeah it's a lot of work like people in the arts are like really crazy. So. But yeah I think like I think like um starting out like doing stuff like for free like volunteering. I feel like it you'll get like an idea of if you like it and yeah. Yeah you have time you have time to do all that. But yeah, that would be like my like the one thing I wish I would've known when I went to school is like volunteer like off your time for free and you know, see what happens. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean you could honestly like my my degree was in english and I'm not doing anything related to my degree right now. And I mean I think the closest thing I ever did with my degree was marketing and I mean yeah so I mean you're once you get your degree like honestly like you can you can do whatever you like you want to do with it. You just kind of have to angle angle your resume to like one way or the other. Yeah.
I can
imagine.
I mean I yeah I've learned that like throughout all of my experiences I can't stand working with like customers like being on the phone with people. I'm just like I go crazy. I'm like I cannot I just can't handle
it.
Isn't it horrible? I know I working in like any service industry or it's I I just, I feel so like I feel a lot of like I just feel bad for some of these people because especially now like working in the service industry, like you're dealing with all of these like crazy people who have all of these like feelings of entitlement like going into restaurants and not wearing masks and stuff and I mean people in the
service industry
aren't getting paid enough to deal with this and
I just Yeah, I I feel for them I have a lot of um I have a lot of friends who worked in restaurants and um they are constantly like posting things on social media like oh my god, like this crazy woman came in and like raised hell because we asked her to put a mask on and it's just yeah. Yeah. I mean luckily though, those sorts of jobs, I mean are not permanent for most people, so yeah.
Yeah. People
are, people are just, they really are something else. And
I, yeah, I'm originally from michigan and I was so ashamed when all those like crazy people were going up to the state capital without masks on and protesting to stay at home order. I'm like, my God, like how are people that stupid?
I love michigan. Yeah, I mean, um, my partner and I um, before all this happened, we were kind of aiming to go back there or I would, I'm originally from there, he's from, he's originally from here, but um, we both love it and yeah, I would love to move back, but there's just no jobs there.
yeah. It's, it's gorgeous. Especially like in the fall we used to go to like um Charlevoix, which is kind of at the Upper Peninsula and it was just so gorgeous. Like honestly, yeah, it's like otherworldly seeing like the that color change like as you're getting closer to the like tip of michigan, it's, it's just gorgeous. It's yeah, so
no, I actually went to eastern michigan. Um Yeah, yeah, it wasn't fancy enough to go to um
Oh wow, I didn't
know
that.
You know,
so now what part of, are you, are you close to new york or is it like um that's
good.
cool. So so you could like hop on a train and go downtown kind of thing? That's great.
Yes, my friend actually moved out there last year. He's working for the James Beard foundation and yeah, he loves it. Um Yeah he loves
Jersey
Study.
Yeah I mean it's weird because you know I'm I'm like I'm used to like Chicago expensive and then like when he was when he was telling me about like apartments in new york and how you need like 10 roommates to like stay afloat. I was yeah I was just completely like flabbergasted. I just I don't know I couldn't, I think he's paying $1000 a month where he's at in Jersey City but the place has like it's got like roaches and bedbugs and I'm just like yeah so
and he's paying a grand for it, I'm just like oh god like I no
I couldn't I couldn't do
it.
Chicago. Yeah it's pretty big and
so we live in like a western part of like Chicago. Um So it's not as expensive as like as like maybe the northern or um like downtown Chicago. Um
Yeah, yeah, we like it, we're just um right now we really want to change, I'm really tired of these winters. Um And
they're horrible, just horrible. I mean I yeah, I we have family uh we both have family out west, and so we're kind of looking into like California Arizona colorado.
do you
as
It is, yeah, we um we have friends in uh bolder and in aurora, so
yeah, I love boulder. Oh my god, I I I could move there like today if if I had a choice, but yeah.
I know I and it's like it's a really interesting like culture in colorado, like people are like actually friendly, like I'm not used
to
that like Chicago and like I'm sure in like Jersey or new york they're just
nasty.
Oh, they can
be,
it is, and there's a lot of, there's a lot of jobs in colorado. Um it's, yeah, yeah, maybe, yeah, aim for that, you know, that's uh you could always like live there for a year and if you hate it, you can always, you know, move back to Jersey and kind of uh go back to square one. I did that. Yeah,
so I moved when I graduated, so it was 2012. Um
and yeah, I've been here, I've been here since, yeah, I went to michigan for a little bit, probably like six months or so, just stayed with my my grandma, but um yeah, yeah, I've been here since and it it's definitely a lot different than michigan. I, yeah, I don't like it,
no, no, I
come
on
well, so um my partner and I are both really into like politics, so we're really active with like progressive like movement in Chicago. Uh we go to
um we go to like um there's a place in Chicago, it's like the LGBT sector, it's called boystown and so we go there
once
in a while and then we, we really just like taking like road trips were very close to like um Wisconsin, so there's a little place for like geneva that we go to. Yeah, there's stuff to do, it's just, I can't see like sustaining, like I just can't see like growing old here, I just, I can't,
that's crazy.
florida, I mean they, I don't know that they really really opened up like rapidly um
yep. The same with Arizona, yeah,
because I know Arizona right now, it's a hotbed um and so is so is florida I mean in texas, oh my God, like I have family.
Yes and the problem is like texas is like, I feel like these like very conservative states, like they kind
of like
yeah, they just sort of been to like the majority of the population, like not wanting to wear maths and you know, whatever, but
on
day
one.
Yeah, I I just I'm hoping that it will be clear by like early 2021 but I somehow, I feel like if trump gets reelected, that probably won't happen. But
no.
I
I
I have like ancestry in Canada and I've been for the longest
time I've been looking into like, okay, how can I like easily like emigrate to Canada because I am, I'm
just
it is, I mean my my family there, they leave their they leave their doors, their front doors open, like they don't lock their doors and because I remember they came when we were living in michigan and they were shocked that we were locking our doors and I'm like, oh my God, like you live in another world, I want to live there. Mhm.
I think so. Yeah, Okay. All right, we're done. All right, well, it was good
talking
to
All right,
nice to meet you and take care and good luck
with school.
All