How are you?
I'm good. Yeah,
I think it says uh huh mhm It says imagine you've met someone at a social event, you're getting to know each other.
mhm Yeah, I do do you?
That's cool. I live in New Jersey. So like, yeah.
Oh yeah. Jersey City. Yeah, I know that. That's so cool. Yeah.
Not anymore actually, like um we're actually like doing really well now. Like I think like new york Connecticut and New Jersey are like not like the best in like the cases I think.
What
about real,
but
And then you
get
my
Were there like protests there too? Were like, yeah.
Oh my God, that's crazy. Yeah, like in New york, like there's been like a lot of protests, like in New Jersey, like most of them were peaceful. I don't think there was any like riots in New Jersey, but like, yeah, like I feel like this case is definitely like are going to spike like after all the protests and stuff because like no one was wearing mask or caring about that stuff when they're protesting. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Mm Yeah, it's so annoying because like I go to college at Penn State and like we're like, we're going, we're going back. But like, I don't know if they're going to like change it or like revoke their decision or something. Like I'm like, I've been stuck at home for like since like March. It just sucks. Like it's really annoying and like I can't work like it's so bad.
You know that's what we're doing right now to
Yeah, I got so sick in the beginning when I first went and like, now I know that I'm like, I'm like scared because like, it's literally like you live with a roommate, there's like all different people, like, all the parties and stuff, like it's like the gyms and everything. Like it literally like it's like bound to happen. Like I feel like there's gonna be a huge outbreak when people like go back to college and like, especially because like everyone is coming from different places all in one place, like it's so bad. I think we're gonna go like online again.
I hate
it.
Yeah. So like, what do you do for your job like?
Yeah.
You know that's a good school that like in Chicago?
Yeah. That's ridiculous.
Like,
colleges um I'm studying advertising and public relations. Like, like yeah, like it's like it's like two majors in one and then like you pick which one you want to do. So like I'm on the track and I could go for like pr if I wanted to or like advertising like either or. Mhm Yeah. But like, I feel like, I don't know, like, I hope everything goes back to normal soon. Like it's so annoying.
Back.
I don't know. Like I really liked media. Like I like, like, like I'm very, I think I'm like artistic. So like I, I like, like, like maybe like, like coming up with like advertising or whatever. Like, yeah, meet more media track. But like, I don't know, like, I really don't know what I want to do with my life yet. So like, yeah, I don't know like it's really hard to like the side, but like, I feel like I'll figure out because I'm only going to be a sophomore next year, so I have time.
No,
Well, that's cool. Translatotron
Yeah. Like, yeah, I definitely have time to decide the lake. I'm going to try and like do internships like you said to like try and like figure out if I like actually want to do it. But like, I feel like I could do other things. Like if I didn't end up liking it. Hopefully. Yeah, because it's like in communications school, like it's basically communications, but it's just like the smaller major within the school. It's like I could probably do anything with communications if I really wanted to.
Mhm Yeah, like right now I'm doing like, I work at college, but like it's like not really anything to do with communication, just like a minimum wage job. Like, like basically it's like telemarketing like I call them and ask them for money and then get students to do it. So they like more likely to donate money to the school. But like I don't really like it because like I always get screamed at by people and
it's
like not my fault. Yeah. Like they scream at you, they curse you out. I'm like okay. Like yeah, so I want to try and find a different job probably. But like that's my job for now like as when I'm in college. But yeah. No like
And
like, Yeah. And like food to like in high school I used to work at like Dunkin donuts. It was so awful. Like grumpy people in the morning. Like they always complain about their food. Like I just hate working with customers. Like I don't want to do that definitely. Like pet. I don't know. Like they just get so pissed and it's like they scream at you and it's not your fault.
my
I know
anyone
Yeah, exactly. Like. Yeah, I feel really bad like when people don't wear masks, it makes me so angry when they're like, like I don't have to wear a mask. Like it's not, it's like my right or whatever. Like no, we're just gonna get everyone sick around you. Like it makes me so mad. And then when it's like require that you have to wear a mask and a grocery store just do it. Like it's not a workers fall, but that's a rule, right?
Yeah.
Now.
Mhm. Is michigan cool. I'm over abandon teams. Cool.
Yeah. Like have you ever been to like the Great Lakes is that's what's there? Or like? Yeah. That's so cool.
So did you go to university of michigan then, or like?
And like there's michigan state to, right? I think there's like, yeah, there's like a lot of colleges in michigan like are like enemies like. Like you them like that's a yeah, like that's like our football rival.
Well
like,
Yeah, it's a really good school like. It's very fancy. Have an affair
afraid of.
I'm like,
I'm like 30 minutes from like 30 to 40 minutes from the city. I'm like, like north Jersey like, like not very north, but like, kind of like north central kind of.
Like, yeah, I used to like always go to the Lake city with my friends and we just like take the train and like, I'm like, yeah, I'm like 25 minutes from Jersey City. Probably like, a lot of some of my friends went to ST peter's prep. I don't know, you probably don't know, but like that's in Jersey City like. So yeah, A lot of my friends are from that area too. Yeah.
I
was gonna
ask if you like Jersey like it's like hit or miss kind of.
Okay.
covered.
it's
so expensive. It's so like overly like, like yeah, Jersey City is probably really expensive because it's like near the city are like Hoboken. Like those places are so expensive like for no reason, it's so annoying and like Jersey in general is just so expensive. Like it's really not, it's like Chicago like that like is that like, that's a pretty big city, right, like.
Time.
Mhm.
are they bad there?
Oh my God, I love Arizona. Yes.
Yeah, I went last year. So nice.
It's beautiful there, and like colorado, I want to live there when I'm older. It's so pretty there too.
My God. Show nice.
Yeah, my friend goes to um uh UC boulder and like, she loves it. Yeah, she like literally loves it. Like she looks like she's having the time of her life there. They like, they go like hiking on the weekends and stuff and like, they go to the mountain stuff, like it looks so fun. I would totally live there
and
you
people
are not nice here. I didn't know that. People are like mean in Chicago,
Is it
just like Yeah, like um in Jersey, like people are definitely like, I mean like, people have like, a bad stereotype about Jersey being mean, but like, they're not like, horrible, but like, definitely, like they won't smile at you when you walk by, like, that kind of stuff. And like, everyone drives so fast, which I like, but like, it's just like the stereotype, I don't know. But then it's like, I like Jersey because we have like the beach and the city, but like yeah, I don't know. Like, I don't think I'm gonna live here when I'm older because like, people are rude and there's much better places to live. Like mm I would really want to live in colorado looks so nice there.
Uh huh. Mhm. So did you like you move, when did you move from michigan to Chicago?
Thank you.
that's interesting. You don't?
So like, what is there to
do
in Chicago? Like what do you guys do for fun,
What
last
one?
Yeah, you don't, Yeah, you'll definitely like, be like, I feel like everything going on right now, it's like a pause in the world, but like I hope things will get back to normal soon. I mean like I feel like when they find a vaccine it will be more normal. Like if you want to have to wear masks when there's a vaccine and stuff, it's just people keep making it worse by like not listening to the rules and like not social distancing. Like I'm surprised that New Jersey is doing like, like the best out of like all those other states, like Connecticut new york, New Jersey like no. Yeah. Like I think, yeah, I think we're like the best three right now. I think Connecticut is doing the best out of all of them. Like they literally have like like 40 cases a day now or something. Yeah,
I know like because like our governors were strict about everything like I feel like everywhere else like florida and like the south like they opened up way too early and like they're like, they're paying for it now. Like we were like, we have a house in like florida and like my grandma lives there so like we were going to go but now we can't even go anymore because it was like in the beginning florida was better than New Jersey. But then it like switched because people don't listen. So like now I guess we're not going like it's so bad.
Yeah. Like two weeks after something.
Mhm.
texas so bad.
Those
are the words.
Yeah. And it's like those who are
all
like the
redneck people are that like don't listen to anything and they're like so set on what they want. Like it's just a disaster. Like I, I kind of knew that was gonna happen. Like my friend lives in south Carolina and she's like, yeah, I'm scared to go out because like it's so bad. They're like the cases spike so badly because they didn't do it right. And then you look at states in the north that are like, like the more blue states and like they're like doing better because like, like when you're strict about it, that's when like the change happens. Hmm.
Oh God. Don't get me started on him. He does not give a shit about, he doesn't even wear a mask.
Like yeah, he's, he's something else. Like if he gets voted in again, then this country is just fucked like in
my
opinion.
my
Canada
is way better than here. That Canada is so nice like.
That's so crazy. I mean, well I think it's been 25. Do we have to talk for 25 minutes?
It
was
nice talking to you.
to meet you.
You
too. You too.
Bye.