Hello? Can you hear me? Mhm. Mhm.
Uh Yeah.
Thanks.
No words. No words.
Pretty good. It's a pretty
like normal day but it is better it's day today, so
No I'm not I'm just a regular college student.
Uh Did you have any family or friends that served in the military?
think about. Mhm.
What did you decide to do instead of the military?
Thanks.
All
Really competitive space to be in there. But you have to be really good at your craft and stuff like that to be able to like make a sustainable career out of it I guess.
I'm currently studying molecular and cell biology and I want to use that to like well I'm really interested in like cancer and like how it affects us as humans. And I want to help like you know maybe eight in some
research that could hopefully care some of the stuff that cancer causes. Mhm.
Well like there's like academic medicine which is kind of like a hybrid of like researcher and then practicing medicine, but then there's also like peer research and then like just peer doctor. So like I'm not really sure. But like I just like I'm not sure how I'm gonna. Like there's also special doctors, like radiologists I think is what they're calling that specialized in cancer. All I can become that. God, jewish. Yeah. Mm hmm. So
yeah, that's what I want to do with my career. But I'm only like second year and undergrad right now, so. Yeah.
I'm not sure what to do because it says the camera on my side is fine. But can you still hear me? Mhm
Yes, I can. Yeah, I can still see
you but
I'm
not,
yeah, I'm not sure. My webcam is still working on my side. Like everything on my side is fine, but I'm not sure how it is on your end.
Mm That's weird.
Nice. That's good to hear. Mhm. Yeah.
Thanks.
Yeah. Yeah, I got it. They're prolific. So um I knew well I was, I was, well, I mean I just wanted to make an extra extra money on the side a couple of years back. So I started with beer money and then like other beer money sites besides prolific. So you might have heard like slide books are like those kind of sites. So I started that kind of stuff and then I went to read it. They have like a beer money site over there.
And then I found prolific and I heard that like it was really good, like basically like the gold standard of these kind of sites. So I signed up and I've written with them for about like two years I would say. Uh huh.
Over
the
years
if you would
expect.
Mm Do you do anything else besides prolific or is this just like the main thing?
Mhm.
Okay. I've heard about, Yeah. Just.
Have you found any new video games to play recently?
Yeah.
But
this one
other factors.
Yeah. But I play a lot of games. Uh huh I think you've heard of like League of Legends, right? Yeah, I I played that a lot but like college is taking up the majority of my time so I don't play as avidly, but I still play like
Now that sucks. I'm sure it'll come back though. Has it did the first time. But
yeah, I don't know what's going on. I'm sure it will come back soon but getting back on topic. Yeah, like I don't know, I've just been like having less time to just play games because I have more responsibility and stuff. But like besides week I also, well there's this game called like benching Impact that I recently got into, Have you heard of it?
Um Have you heard of Breath of the Wild?
Uh So mention Impact is basically like an RPG based on the open world exploration of Breath of the Wild with some extra like mechanics in it. Such as like, like you have these characters with their specific elements and if you combine specific characters together with current with like their elements, they could form elemental reactions. Is basically the basis of the game.
No, it's a standard world game based on, its developed by a different company.
Um besides that, I used to play a lot of collectible card games like hearthstone, but then I stopped playing it because like I don't know, it just grew off of me, like I don't know what happened really. Um
Other than that, like I don't really have anything, I play FPs time to time with my friends because they like
playing
FPs,
but I'm not
like particularly good at the
game, so.
I completely agree.
Do you just like not, is it just the part of competitive
games, like you don't like the community or you don't like the like just like the competitive competitiveness of the game itself?
if you don't mind, what game was this for?
Is it a multiplayer game on steam or is it just single player?
No.
So how do you like the
general game
mechanics working the working there? Is it kind of like Minecraft in that regard or is a bit different
and I say?
thank you.
But I tell
you,
but
uh having, having extra money around is just useful to have really?
I'm in southern California right now, so
huh is there anything remotely interesting out there? Like any like business districts or whatever you could do?
paint
it,
I can see that. Yeah.
And uh huh.
Yeah than just the California and I've I've traveled to other states and like experienced it, but I can't like claim the like, you know, no other states as well as California because I've essentially lived here like my whole life. So yeah.
Yeah, there is like, like there's beaches, there's mountains everywhere, like there's a ton of stuff to do, but like maybe like I haven't been to like the central California, so I'm not really sure, but nor cow, there's a bunch of other stuff you can do like. Yeah.
Uh yeah, my parents a couple of times, but like I couldn't do anything fun because I was underage. So
mm. Mhm. You said, Wait, when you said you were a web developer, were you like a software developer or what happened like 20 years ago?
Mhm.
Thank
you.
So was that a company, like a pyramid scheme in the Sons or like?
That's good
to hear that?
I
don't
think that
at
the
time
that's your
own.
Yeah.
No.
Just
think
about
that.
It's
Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. That's really intriguing. Like, I'm really surprised how like, so the you're part of the people who you are mailing invoices to, basically, they just added by a couple of zeros at the end of the bills and then send you the difference and then kept the rest. They're like, is that how we work?
I
don't
know.
Okay.
Come
on.
What?
People
love
it.
Yeah.
hmm.
Do
you think they would have gone away if they just paid the taxes
on the stolen
money or would they have gotten caught for some other like infraction they caused us the money?
I'll be sure to read up on. That's really intriguing.
What?
Yeah, that was a good chunk of time. Okay.
It
was good talking to you.
Thank you to you too.