Hello.
I'm well how are you? Good. Where are you coming in from?
I'm near Boulder colorado.
Well
that's close that's pretty yeah. Cool.
Yeah that's nice. Very dry
compared to florida I guess.
Oh wow. Yeah it's pretty hot here as well but we don't have the humidity of course so
Mhm. So how's the covid situation been treating you?
bye.
Hold on.
Yeah I never thought about that, that's yeah
yeah
it's been
that
way
Oh yeah I was gonna say it's been that way here to um we've just had a lot of cases every day more and more. Um I think we had it very well under control towards the beginning, everybody was very cautious and now everything seems to be opening up and we have cases in the double digits every day, new ones, so um just in our county in the state you know it's hundreds. So yeah I don't know, I think it's going to get worse before it gets better. That's my impression right now that um I think going into august in september we could still be having pretty bad cases, number of cases. Um Mhm. Yeah I don't know, I'm at home with my, you know I have a daughter who's seven and she had to stop
going to school. Yeah, she had to stop going to school and she doesn't have any siblings, so I think it's been the hardest on her just not having anybody to play with and we can't really go anywhere and do anything. You know we would be going to the swimming pool now, going to the pool is very difficult right now and complicated. Um Yeah, so our lives have really changed and we've become a lot more home centric, I would say we're just staying home or, and I don't, I don't, yeah, and I don't think I'm gonna send her back to school either now in august school starts here in august, so I think I'm taking her home, she's gonna be in second grade, so I'm going to be doing the home schooling thing for a year now, right?
Well,
No, and I just think, you know, in Colorado, it can still be, the temperatures can still be in the 90s. I just don't see my seven year old wearing a mask all day long either in second grade. I just, I feel like that would be a like a small torture for her. So um you know, I don't blame parents who are sending their kids back, but I just don't think it's right for us right now, we're going to have to find other ways forward, which is fine. Yeah. Especially now if the cases are increasing, so.
Yeah. Yeah. It's difficult. It's difficult. It's difficult to watch our country right now.
I was just, I just,
I don't know, it's why is it so hard for us to get it together, but I don't know anyway.
It seems that way. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. It's, we have some very difficult topics right now in our country that we're working on. I think so. Hopefully we can get through them stronger. We'll see. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm. Well, that's good. You have some perspective, right? I mean?
that's great that you have that empathy Okay,
was
Sure I get it.
Mhm.
that's
well, he did it, that's good news, right?
That's awesome.
that's great, that's really great. It sounds like you guys supported him through it.
Oh yeah, that's awesome. Mhm. Oh yeah, this is a situation meeting somebody you don't know like
What are my hobbies right now, just, I think I'm just trying to be a mom and and succeed at that somehow. Um my educational background is in music, so I used to be a musician, but I don't work as a musician, yeah, so I meditate a lot, I read I'm pretty boring, I like to travel when I'm able but were not able right now, so Mhm
Yeah,
I don't know
the favorite place I've ever traveled to, that's difficult, maybe Scotland or Switzerland,
nice,
ha ha ha Yeah,
I guess,
so night?
I get it, Okay,
Yeah, that's funny, Well cool, that's a good story, I'm glad you enjoyed England. I did too Uh huh
but we've
probably hit the
mark.
nice
talking
to you,
You too, thanks a lot