Hello?
Can you hear me?
Right, that's great.
actually
apartment there's a construction going on around it. So
like
all my work is
online, you'll see like students and clients and stuff. So it's uh it's been very very frustrating to say the least.
Critical
role.
There
are
money.
My name's Aisha.
Nice to meet. You. Don't know
what to speak.
Apparently or like as work? Uh huh.
Oh I I'm an advisor counseling, a counselor at a university. Yeah.
What about
you?
Sure. Yeah, we do all zoom stuff right now just because we're not on campus yet, so.
Well
you
got
it?
What did you graduate in?
So that's so that's in my college, that's who I I look over students in the humanities. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
Oh
yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. With everything going on, you know,
why would you pay so much money to go to grad school and still do it online
or are
you are you go to community college and get those credits
transferred? No reason
to
do
this.
No.
Not worth it at all.
we're there. We're telling everyone that they're going to start in the 20 forests um here and but like it's I have a brother who's who's a doctor and kelly and there he tried to take off in the fall and they're like, nah dude, it's gonna get really worse. You can take off right now. Um So I'm of the mindset that even if we go back in or immediately, probably gonna go back home.
But it's just
so
frustrating.
It's because it's money, it's all money for me. It's like I'm at L. S. U. So like they're all, you know football and like students have paid and think so
they're
just
waiting
the
they want all of those called on
all
the admission all the deposits and stuff and then there will be like oh
whoops you know So I'm gonna.
my brother was there but he was in Gainesville
and
I
and I visited there for like two weeks and that that seemed alright. But like yeah I heard with all the beaches and stuff now.
that makes sense. No. Yeah that's what I'm saying. Everyone's like attracted to all of that stuff.
remember
and it's still happening?
man.
man.
But
so that
that domino effect. Yeah.
Day.
I
think.
That is sad. That is sad.
Yeah.
We just had ours like mandatory yesterday
in baton
rouge.
No I'm in Louisiana.
It
oh no no it's fine. Yeah it's Louisiana. We were just yesterday people people are people don't care here man.
They're just ready.
Yeah.
Wait they still have summer camp now?
Good. Fuck
That's
wrong, wow.
What?
And it's not even that it's like you know the uh asymptomatic stuff, you know? It's just mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. The thing is like
I have
I have, my grandparents would live
with my mom nearby
and they're immuno compromised and so like I have to be very careful about visiting them. But personally, it's like I would rather be safe than sorry because I
can't
afford to get sick,
I can't afford to get sick,
you
know?
Look
the frustrating
part
about this is they're making
it really political and it's like there's nothing cool but
but
that's the
thing that was with with everything in America and all of the capitalism and things like that. Like I was reading this meme where it's like, hey now they're the schools are providing free lunch to everyone because their homes so they had the ability to provide free lunch to all the
kids.
But
they didn't do it. They just didn't do it when they were in school because they wanted to get money off of them, you know? And it's like very, very frustrating because we could have worked from home previously. Not that I want to like, I like basic face and seeing people, but it's like there because it's so capitalistic I get I guess I don't know too much about
all
of this, but so it's so capitalistic based on like the consumerism and buying things and things like that, but everything is going downhill and everyone is hopefully seeing that hey, like life can survive without that. But then again, it's a lot of like people are not buying stuff so it's, they make it all political and then with the protests go because of the protest that got up. Like no, they
didn't.
But
And they
don't have a don't have like a they don't have the ability to be like, hey, I can't work like they have to work,
you know,
they
put themselves into this and like work and try to get everything and it's, it is frustrating, man. It is frustrating.
Yeah. No. And it's really, you know, I'm on like facebook and social media and stuff and I'm
hearing.
it's Yeah. Yeah.
Covid is breaking people. Covid
is like,
people like you get to know who people who the people are, who have decent coping mechanisms who have the ability to be like, okay, I'm gonna deal with this and get through this. Even this was hard. And then you have the people who are like, nah dude, yeah, I was going to get married and that should end it because I mean like, I think part of it is like Covid but like,
like
So I was it's a very long story that
has
of
like,
but like, one of the thing is that like this dude was so stressed. I think part of like, and he's like, oh, we're so stressed with Covid. That's why he freaked out over a gift that I was supposed to send to his family that I sent to his family. And I told him to go pick it up at like four stories down in their elevator room or whatever. And he didn't when I asked him to and it was stolen and that resulted in him, I got really angry at him and I was like this not very angry, he got angry at me. I said like, can I curse one here?
I told him, I told him his response to all this was a pussy ass response. And then he said I was bitching and complaining and that led to him being even more angry. And then like, he basically ended the engagement over text message and this was like partially like me and him meeting each other to be an app, but it was also very cultural family involved and stuff like that. And so I'm from, she's from Bangladesh, she grew up there when I was four. So he has a lot more like, even though he's like, oh, I like a girl who is very, very like Americanized and has Western ideals is very independent inherently intrinsically. Like he had a lot of like desires to be I guess to have like a wife who was very docile and submissive them and shit like that. And so like I feel like Covid like broke because he was busy instead of him being like, hey babe, I'm sorry, like I'm sorry, I'm still and we'll deal with it. He just like got very angry because I asked him to pick it up and I was like, I told you to go pick it up, why don't you go pick it up? And he's like, oh, like who are you? You think like you tell me something to go pick up something, I'm gonna go at your beck and call. Like, I don't even explain things to my mom, why should I explain things
to you? I was
home.
How is that going boy? I am not your mom. Number one and number two like, uh, you should explain to
me I am
your future
part.
Yeah. And that that too. You know, and it was just like, it seems like a really petty thing. But I think like at that fight like all of my rose colored glasses came out and this dude 12 to 14 text messages texted me like we're breaking. Like we're ending the engagement, We're not going to get married. And it wasn't even like small things like, hey, where I realized you need space because he got angry and I get that boys get angry. They don't have the understanding of emotional capability of being
like,
yo, I need.
Exactly. And I was also talking to him calling him and like begging him like I'm sorry I freaked out.
I thought
this was important to you because it was important to me. Like I'm sorry this is nothing we should fix this. This is a small fight. And he like went, there's nothing, you know, it's anymore. The next time I talk to you is gonna be only to tell you why I don't want to be with you, I'm creating distance. I'm making my life easier better, happier. Like girl it was great. And then for four days because my family got involved because in our culture after the guy's side like guys, oh like the parents come in and like, so I, my brother asked because my brothers to have the family because my dad passed away last year. And so my brother asked you think he means it? I was like, yeah, because he also told my sister in law because my sister in law called him, try to be like, yeah, hey, like what's going on like you know? And like he told my sister a lot. Yeah, it's my job to make my life easier better and happier. I don't believe in unconditional love. It's too much like I told her and like this and this shit and that shit and you know like oh he said I can't afford the patients to be empathetic, compassionate and like and
Gary.
Okay.
Oh girl this is like a not like that's a three hour conversation. Okay. So like because it was partially kind of after we decided because we met on like an app and after we just after we decided to be together we bought our families and somewhat like arranged like his mom came in november and like I asked my family for my hand in marriage, gave me a ring. He proposed to me in March like the, you know like the non brown way and
11 months. Um yeah, pretty quick. And so I also like this right after I met him like about a month and a half after my dad had passed. So I start to realize that I was, I was kind of like running away from some pain in the relationship as well, but like I, you know, my previous relationships weren't that great. So this was like a baseline and I thought this is it, you know, self esteem stuff and all this kind of a lot of stuff.
partner, life partner, so like girl, all the things he said, he was just
towards my brother and my mom and I don't have the best relationship with them. But dude, like if you
if you grew up back home and from Bangladesh, like if you grew up there, like you would know that's even more like important to have that thing. Like I grew up here. So like you know you guys joke of like brown people joke about like americans being like less, you know more individualistic and less collectivist IQ So you should have a better understanding of being respectful towards your shoulders and whatnot. And so Girl was a huge thing. And then the way I gave it 20 days, 20 days I record all of our conversations because when I get emotional, I can't remember things. So I Conversations, I looked through, I wrote down 50 pages of like our conversations, text messages, my thoughts. I like talk to him. I asked him what would happen next time these things happen and I was like listen, like if we get angry because you got angry I got angry like would you previously one time before, like in January he said some stupid stuff about like some really really insensitive things about my dad's death and I we have had other conversations and I Like hung up on him and he blocked me for a day and a half. And like I sent him like four essays on emails. And and then he was like oh been blocked even though
I've been unblocked even though I told you I wouldn't unblock you for a week if you hung if you hung up on me or something. So anyways during this like trying to reconcile, I asked him, I was like hey like you know when we're angry at each other like what are we gonna do? You know I wonder how are we going to fix this and stuff? And I was like and he was like you can never be angry, you can't be suspicious of me, You can't be like um uh collect commanding or demanding of things. And I was like, yo I'm only human. Like I can't you can't give me ultimatums on this and say like, hey, this is the and he's like, well I'm only human too. And I can't I can't um I can't tell you what the concert, I can't promise what the consequences are going to be. I was like, okay. And then I asked him, I was like, would you block me again girl? Get this? He was like, I will block you because
you deserve punishment. Tell your friends, get it. Notarized, write it down, I will block you because I want to hurt you girl.
He's just, I think his understanding of that emotional emotional intelligence is not to the point of where like a lot of people from my country, their mama's boys like and brown people have like their mothers especially going up there have really escalate like elevated their sons. My brothers like this elevated their sons in the in the sense that they have done everything for their son. Don't have that understanding of like Mhm.
Exactly. That is the perfect term because surprising my body was like, hey, you know, you're going to do a lot of the emotional labor and this was like, yeah, I'm okay with it, blah blah blah. And then all of this stuff happened and
So I took so much time and I was like, you know, I took 20 days. This guy like a conversation broke up with maybe a text message dude, like I took 20-25 days. I like prayed randomly. I did this like thing I spoke to people and I asked him was like, did you speak to anyone? Like I spoke to my mom, my parents, I was like yo their relationship is not going to be like our relationship about, I didn't say anything and I asked him what else he spoke to his like yeah I spoke to two of my friends were recently married and married for a little bit. One of the dudes has he brought the girl from Bangladesh like recently and the other dude, the girl's been here for five years, so very similar to their family, it's not gonna be like me who grew up here and so that like resulted in on everything and then I just like said no and then his mom called like my mom called his mom to end it like to be like okay another layer of ending in his mom's like oh I didn't expect this type of result from Isha. You know, I thought she was gonna have a cooler calm mind I guess, I didn't know her blah blah, this blah blah dad and like basically
oh my mom was on my side from the beginning girl.
No, no, no my mom
didn't
want me to get married to this dude because he didn't have a masters. Um and
and and and if and my cousins of course they were like, you know if you were in Bangladesh, like you wouldn't get married to this person because of social classes different and in my head and it's like I don't give a shit about social class, I don't care you know that
it's not like a classic and it's more of like their family is not that educated and my family is from, my family is very well known um back then back there. Um not like it helped us here, but you know like they're well known there and his family didn't have a lot of education and so I was like we put you through like you put yourself through so much education, I want someone educated for you you know and I was like well he did a bachelor's and software engineering like you don't need and can't eight A Masters, you know what I mean? I also saw his family and he like took care of his mom. His mom is like very very sick with different things and when he was in new york with them like he cooked for breakfast lunch and dinner like for three years and took care of her diabetes with her and stuff like that. And he also was very decent towards me so I was like looking at all the surface stuff and I was like fighting for him and like my mom at the like after a couple of months was like, you know what, like you love him so I'm not gonna say anything. So they were not for it. But I got convinced them and then she kind of understood. I think what she couldn't verbalize is that like that understanding would be different. I took it as she's like, oh your social classes are different meat growing up here. I was like, I don't look at that shit, you know? But I think she just couldn't verbalize that our understandings would be different. I didn't understand that. And then like, oh and his mom was like blaming my mom and blaming me and his mom is like, oh because his mom doesn't know like the things that happened after this fight because he's not, I just know the shit that he said to me, right? You know, like oh I could have talked to someone else but I didn't because I knew you wouldn't talk to someone else. You see that punishment that eye for an eye kind of deal. You know like all of that happened and then um Yeah all that happened and then I decided process of sending like all of the clothes and the jewelry and the ring and everything. Oh. Mhm.
They would have we would have signed something. Um I would've probably been like a dollar if we need to do any money because I don't give a shit about that. You know at the
guy side bought my wedding clothes. Um I feel like they've already already gone with them to get gold jewelry and stuff like that. Like we get like from the guy side we get like 10-K. 12 K. 15 K. Worth of gold. Um Like for my sister in law,
I'm capable I think they got me close to that and I actually like went into a couple and they had me like choose, you know? And so it's a lot of that but you know and so I, you know, ended it and yeah, so that's what happened. Yeah.
ravenna.
I'm
but with the same religion and so we would have had the. No, it's like it would have been very very like our cultural wedding stuff. Yeah.
Mhm.
No, I was really excited about all of that. But you know.
Yeah. I guess it's
even if it doesn't.
That's it.
Yeah. And even and and now it's it's like yeah that is over here. I know my mom was like her thing was and all of my friends were also like, you know it's better to cry for a couple of months and to cry for the rest of your life, you know so they're like more of like it's so much better to deal with the bullshit now and get rid of it and we were oh I shouldn't not, we were about two weeks away from signing everything Because our wedding was June six so we postponed all that, we were just gonna go and like do our like religious and marriage license and stuff like that. Was supposed to be actually living with him this week. We were supposed to move in together this week in Chicago. Um Yeah couple, it's like it's like signs upon signs upon signs. Yeah.
Damn. Yeah,
yep.
We did get Starbucks, we were um my friend is moving into an apartment so like I've been in cars and kind of going with that.
Yeah. yeah that's
yeah it's weirdly enough during this time but it's been it's been good. Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm
No,
no I didn't know what we're going to talk about so it's like that's the talk of the town in my life right
now. So
yeah it's always good to talk to people. I'm
not
accounts
her
so I'm like I don't care
about
people.
No,
no,
no, not at all. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah I
bet you
lot of really
interesting
things here. Thank you.
Yeah that's right.
Could
be,
Yeah, especially to like random people just because they don't know the other people so it's like what are you gonna do? Go do go tell someone even then I don't really care.
What
do you mean Caped?
what?
that makes,
They
leave
it,
So
And
come on.
sketch,
sketch so stuff
basket.
Next.
He got
skateboard.
Very
scared.
No,
no,
no,
no.
I'm glad
your mom
didn't
open the door.
Mhm. Yeah, I know. It's scary if it's like if you don't know what's going on and stuff like that, it's very scary.
they are all the time anyway, so,
we'll just be safe. Yes, they
say
good.
coronavirus.
Alabama is having parties or where they're paying someone, they're having a party and they're like paying whoever gets coronavirus or something like that. Like kids are. I know it's stupid. It's Alabama. I'm sorry profiling
there,
but
I don't think I
was about the same Mississippi, I was about to say Mississippi. Yeah.
Good, great. I hate it, I didn't hate it, but like for undergrad, I didn't like it so much because you have to do so much of like Janet's grad school is focused on exactly what you want to do, You meet really good people and if you have a supervisor then that person is a mentor for life, you can reach out to that person whenever you want to and if you have a good supervisor and honestly like grad school, I feel like it's it's very easy as long as you're hardworking um but you just pick something you like doing because that's all you're going to do. Um So
I think you,
you know, for grad school, if it's if it's something you like, you're gonna like wherever you go and um it's just a smaller uh population as far as like grad school classes, your cohort and you can't, you make lifelong friends usually at that point to like you make people who are in the same situation you're in who like exactly what you're doing and it's like much more of an adult experience in college, so definitely go for it. Okay, and also apply for graduate assistant ships and teaching assistantship. Don't pay for that
shit.
Yeah, don't pay for that grad school stuff
if
you don't have
nothing. I got a graduate uh some programs
they
want.
Yeah, they, for my program, they cover tuition fees and they gave me a stipend, so I just had an extra job
I did counseling, mental health counseling
and
back,
back
in 2014. That's what I did it. But it's still like you just have to find programs will give you that graduate assistantship, some programs don't have it and then you'll have to see if it's worth like paying money for it in the long run. But most of them you'll have to ask the department or even asked like the graduate school and they'll be like yeah well this this you know specific place has some assistance to apply there and I would get on that like soon because they go they go really fast. Yeah.
Yeah it would be good. It's a good experience. I wanna away to a good experience. Yeah.
Thanks.
You
too.
All right take care
then. Thank you.
You too.