hi, Hello?
I can hear you, yeah.
Cool. Okay. Are you doing this in the car because your house is too noisy? Okay.
Good.
I just
had that happened a few weeks ago. We're like, I woke up and I just heard like a jackhammer and it's like they're right there, isn't it?
What?
I feel that. Yeah, I saw this and then like I saw the sign outside my road and it was like um road under construction. Uh and they didn't tell us that our road is going to be under construction, so like we thought our road was going to be closed, like they didn't end up closing
it.
So like, I don't know what happened with that, but I don't
know.
Anyway, uh My name is Melissa.
What's your name? Okay,
cool, cool. Nice to meet you. Um
So
I guess, I mean what are you doing? Touch
At for work I guess.
That's super
thing.
Are you doing like remote stuff? I just graduated from college, so I'm just doing some like online freelance stuff, but until like because itself out. Oh
Yeah. Oh well it's nice that you're
still
able
to do
it.
Um I double major than I did history and international studies. Um and I'm probably gonna go to grad school next year. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um But it's been, I mean, I guess I'm rewarded for my laziness because I didn't apply to grad school like immediately and I guess that was a good thing. So. Uh
huh.
So
I do, I don't even know like I'm telling people, like I'm even telling like my friends who are like in college do take a gap year, like if they're not reducing
tuition
Honestly
like it
is
not
worth it. Like I would understand if they reduced tuition, but like
no,
my alma mater is gonna restart classes back in august and I was like block.
Oh yeah, I completely agree. I don't understand
why
they're doing
it.
I'm like so confused as to what? Well I know why they're doing football but it's like dude, are you trying to build up a herd immunity before the freaking season starts? Like what are you doing?
These
poor
kids don't even get paid
to play football,
get
on.
No.
they're literally just gonna, I don't know, I don't know, I'm in florida so basically get me out of here. But uh yeah it's been wild florida's been wild. Um They
okay yeah my friend went
to work
so
well I think a lot of it too is like a lot of people up north, we're probably getting frustrated about the lockdown of North, so they went down and it's like, wow, cool.
and then like no one here has the companies to close anything down, so it's like, well, um and then the RNC is happening in Jacksonville, which I'm like two hours and right now, so I'm good. But yeah, they move the Republican national Convention too, because
like, I think
it's still happening. Mhm.
I mean, fortunately I'm
two hours away, so I
graduated
in Jacksonville,
I am so
scared because like they were trying to like, I don't remember where they were going to, I think was like south Carolina or something, but then they tried
to
be, I think the governor was like, oh you guys are gonna have to wear masks or something, and then he was just like, okay, well we're gonna move into Jacksonville because the governor doesn't care like, you know?
But uh Yeah,
well it's been weird because they also just established the mask ordinance like two weeks ago, a week ago and I'm like, dude, it's june july, like june when they did it, I'm like, what he was doing,
was
it Oklahoma?
Is it? Oh,
Louisiana. Okay. I don't know anything
about like the names and where everyone is.
Oh my gosh, it's the same thing.
Yeah, like I went to like, I don't remember where I went, but I went somewhere and dude, it was like, I was the only person wearing a mask, I was like, this is bizarre. Yeah.
Yeah, but my brother works uh he was working at a summer camp and um he does it every year. But
yeah, isn't it weird? So Okay, so its initial, so it's like a boy scout camp, but like they do it for like six weeks and in the first three weeks they did online this year. But now there, which to me is kind of weird because if any time you were going to do like an in person who should have been three weeks ago and now you do it. But anyway they're doing it in person now and we like literally just dropped him off and I was like,
I was like yeah good luck man. They wanted me to do it because I worked there last year. I was like absolutely not, no, no way,
no.
they're doing temperature checks. I'm like oh what are you gonna do though if like one person from
your crew gets sick, like are you going to send them all home? Like what?
It's like I might get it with like swine flu but like okay,
I don't know man, I'm right there with you. I'm happy to talk to someone who like kind of knows what I'm going through.
I'm
not
that's
for
me
too.
No,
I don't understand
why
because there's no one in America can afford to get sick. You kidding me? Like What? No one can. I also live with my older parents. So like, I'm very, very like, you know? But yeah, I don't, I don't know why anyone, this might be a little controversial, but these people out here, they're like, oh well we're not gonna wear masks. We have the freedom to not wear masks. I don't know. I feel like they should not get medical care because like if you have the option to not wear a mask, you should also have the option to like get denied
medical care
anywhere
ever.
They
there's
nothing
political.
They've
been doing that
for years,
I don't
know.
But
now, well, at the same
time to me, like the argument is moot because like young people, they're talking okay on the florida news. At least they're talking about how young people are getting the coronavirus now, which to me of course, because all these like the food places and service places and retail places are opening. Like those are the people that are most at risk. They screw the protest.
All
You have to work
for
like,
brian, wow. I'm so thankful that I uh have a conversation with someone who understands.
I
had to stop. I had to like not do it. Yeah,
it's really bad. Like
it
is.
Wait,
wait, wait. That's not just a sentence. Hello? What? Excuse me. What?
You
don't have to go
into all
of it? I'm just like so intrigued.
Yeah I don't I don't know I guess.
Whoa
whoa whoa
wait wait wait.
You
should
explain
things your mother though.
that's
not
message conversation though.
Very
happy
Why are men? I don't even like what wow. Mhm. Okay. She might have oh I think she's still there. No mm. No I might have I'll leave it open. Well yeah. Oh my God jesus christ. What the bye. What?
Yes I can hear you. Okay
we're back. I'm sorry that came out on such a bad time but oh my God
How long how long have you guys been dating if you don't mind me asking?
As soon as you assume someone has basic human decency it's just like mhm.
Head
like come on.
What?
Or
what? This man has a kink that he has not explored yet. He needs help.
Right. Like emotional labor in a relationship.
Yeah. And then you're like, nope.
Okay. But like he's your mom on your side though?
Okay. Just making sure
course
not.
Oh my gosh.
We still have like a class system there?
Do you guys do like dowries in Bangladesh?
What?
That
So, okay, literally don't know. But like would you guys have had like kind of like a white person wedding or like a brown person wedding or would you have liked to like what? Okay.
Because I know people
have like two or some people pick between one.
Okay.
I've always wondered because like, I don't know as someone, as far as weddings go, I don't even like, it doesn't, I don't know weddings freak me out. Like I don't, I don't like them. I don't know. I feel like if I were to have a wedding, it would be very, very small. It was just like uh
Yeah, it'll come again. It's okay.
It I mean
even if it doesn't, it doesn't matter. Yeah, that's fine. At least like you live at least here,
it's more socially acceptable to get married later.
wow.
Okay.
Are you going to go get some Starbucks? What are you doing?
a lot of people have been moving. I've noticed like my no,
I moved. It's been very move heavy.
wow,
that was exhausting. I feel like I need to say more, but like,
I don't know what to say.
that's
that's the talk I guess. And I might, I guess it feels better to talk to a third party.
as
opposed
to
like,
Because I
don't
know because I had a counselor at school and she would always say that like her her family would always call her and ask herself and she's like, I'm not a neutral third party.
I cannot
do anything.
Right,
wow.
Well,
I wish you,
I wish
you well.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, I wonder like what other stuff people talk about.
And it's crazy too because like, I think this is like a natural thing for human beings, but like, we'll just say the weirdest stuff and just like overshare with people, we barely know. Like I did one of these like a month ago and like this lady was talking about how like she literally told me before I asked her her
name
was, she told me that she was living with her son. She had divorced her husband, but then he died and I was like, I don't know who what your name is. All right. Like people talk a lot about themselves like over video and it just blows my mind.
Right. Like I don't know. I live in another state. I'm I'm at home. I don't the only thing riveting going on in my life was I was scared my house got case. But I don't think that that's true
because
I got like, like when people like look around your house to see if they can rob it. Uh huh.
I don't think that happened, but like my brain just went to my dad, but they
wouldn't get very far because I'm at home all the time anyway, so but there was this dude that like came up to our house and I'm, you know, I'm very much the case of like I will literally not go up to the door at all because like people who are delivering packages, they walk away, like
they're
not
here to like yeah, so anyone coming up to the door most of the time is trying to sell you something, so I'm like whatever, I usually just don't go up or whatever, but my mom is a different type of person and she went up
to the door and like she didn't open the door, thank God. Which she's smart, she didn't open the door. She uh looked in the people and I was trying to be like please don't say anything because I wanted to go away. But then she was just like um she said hello or whatever and the dude was just, I don't know, he didn't say his company, he didn't say his name, he was wearing like a polo. And then my mom was like what what do you she was like we're not interested in whatever you're telling. And he was just like and he was like put whatever paper you want on the door because people usually papers and he was just like, I'm not giving you any papers because of coronavirus,
which
to me the fact that he wanted us to open the door and hear him talk within six ft of him, but he's not giving us papers, he wasn't wearing a map,
I was like
so we were like
no you're good. But then he like left within like a few seconds and
then like he just got on a skateboard, he put something into his tablet and went
away. But
yeah, it was
so weird.
It was one of those little, I think probably like a motorized whatever,
but
like
he didn't even go to the house next to us or the house, the
other houses next to us. Like
he
went
straight
and we were like, what, what even happened? Like what was that? But like, I'm not trying to like profile. They did, he was white, but like,
so I don't even know like we just saw him right away and we were just like, what do we do? But I mean if he tries to rob the house is not going to get very far, but like, you know.
Yeah. So I was like whatever. But yeah, that was our event to take.
I mean,
well we don't open the door for anyone,
but uh yeah,
I was shot. Well I heard I heard there was this fake thing going around where like these people were like trying to infect you because they would knock on the door and then you open the you'd open the door and then they'd like infect you or whatever. I've seen a lot of weird facebook posts about that. Yeah.
I mean, no,
if
if any state I would have guessed Alabama or Mississippi
so
I mean like you're not wrong um as someone that I did have a question before we stopped talking, but you went to grad school. Right, okay. How was it?
I think I was gonna I think what I'm gonna do is um I want to get like my MLS degree which is like a masters in library science because that's kind of what I want to do because like I know I realized during my history classes I was like, wait, archives are really freaking cool, but I was thinking about the University of texas just because they have like a lot of stuff there and an old spanish professor of mine was talking about like how like it was really cool when he went, he was a little bias but you know like it sounded cool.
All
that's
what I wanted to do.
How
did
you like how much did you end up paying if you don't mind me asking?
I didn't know
they
would cover like everything.
And I mean you did psych right? Because that's
I think
that's a pretty in demand thing.
That
a lot of
I wanted to go to my alma mater, but they didn't have the program I wanted. So I was like, well, but I think it's nice to be able to go to a different place and
All right. Well, I think we're good. We talked
for way longer than we needed to, but that's okay. But yeah, it was nice meeting you.
I said
this was awesome.
Have
a good rest of your day
by.