Hello. How's
it going?
How's it going?
I'm doing pretty well. What's your name? My name is Kevin.
Oh, that's my sister's name. Nice to meet you.
Where are you based?
Cool, cool. I'm in Atlanta right now. Yeah.
So
when?
Oh yeah, yeah, A major hot spot like right now. Um, so I would say people aren't really taking it as seriously as they should be. Like, there was a picture that went viral in which like, uh, there was a bunch of students who were crowded into like a school And they were walking in the hallway not wearing masks and stuff. Yeah, that was like 30 minutes away from where I live. So
great.
Yeah. Yeah. The student who posted that she got suspended and then like, she got suspended after all the media backlash about her getting suspended. And now,
as far as I'm aware, they had like 10 positive covid cases by the weekend at the school. So that's 10 people who felt bad enough to actually get tested and realize that they have covid and um, yeah, so they shut down the school for today and tomorrow to clean and then they're going to go back in on Wednesday. But the
principle
for all I know is still trying to do like in person school, which is insane.
Like, yeah, it's ridiculous. But like, that's the mentality here. Like you see so many people who are either like, no, we need to push for in person class. We need to push to get back to normal. And it's like, I understand that sentiment. Like, I really wish I wasn't stuck in my house right now, but like, I mean just because you wish for something to go away, like this virus doesn't mean it's gonna go away. Like we need to take proper precaution to make sure that we can get through it. So
Yeah. No, I'm I was actually in New york city when like shit really hit the fan back in like mid March because I was in the process of trying to move to New york city for like work and
Uh No, no, no, I have done like some acting stuff in the past, but like no, I'm trying to get into like a risk analysis stuff with the banks and corporations and stuff like that. Uh But like I was in New york city when the virus Really hit and people started freaking out about it and that was so scary because like I've been there plenty of times, like I lived there back in 2017 and I've never seen anything like that, like I have pictures that just show how empty the streets became like and just like the grave effect that it had. Like I remember I even at one point when I was leaving I got on the train until I get to um JFK airport and when I was getting on the train usually they check your ticket, but I was the only one on the train and the guy saw me and he was so scared that he just went into the other car so I could have easily got on the train for free because like that's how scared people were of the virus at that point. Like so like seeing that I'm like I can't be one of those anti mask people. Like I've seen it firsthand how destructive it's been and I just it's so frustrating like
but
I'll be pretty nice. That looks that seems pretty nice. Like it's something that we need so much right now because like especially in like I mean how this virus has become politicized in this country. Like people need to realize that like this virus, it's not really something that's only it can't be like political like it's going to kill you no matter like who you are or not necessarily killed but it's gonna hit you no matter who you are thank. And so we we need to take it more seriously and like advertising like that. Like I think it will be like something that would be good and I mean I'd be interested in participating if you were suggesting like me helping with that even though like I haven't been personally affected other than
seeing it in new york but yeah
Well I'm so my brother had the virus back in March. He didn't have serious complications though and he's like recovered fully since my mom. She's a frontline worker. Well she did like a frontline working gig because she's qualified as a nurse. But she works with like the V. A. And so back in March april like when the V. A. Kind of shut down she decided to take some gigs working in um like covid hotspots in Georgia. So she ended up helping out those people there. And so she's seen all the stuff frontline. She understands
how
like.
Yes. Yeah. Like I was still shocked because like me like it was great of her to do and she felt like she really needed to do it but at the same time like since I'm her son I was kind of scared for her. Don't go like. But I mean she did it she took everything seriously. She took pictures of her. Well I don't know how she took pictures of it and she had pictures of her gear that she had she had to wear whenever she was like in the hospital and she sent it to me and it looked crazy. It looked like something you'd go into outer space with or something like that like. And yeah,
like
she,
as far as I'm aware they gave it to her,
but she had to buy like certain stuff like masks and gloves for herself, like herself. Um at one point the
like,
you know, like the hotel and hospitality industry wasn't doing too well and still isn't really doing too well. Um at one point because like they had such little service that they were able to give to people. They ended up helping out a lot of frontline workers by connecting them with rooms so that they could stay at this like these places and then go be able to take care of people in hospitals. So my mom got to hook up with the Hilton for that but that was only for like a month. So this was like, she went beginning of May this year and like they only gave her hook up for like a month until like june. And so after that she kinda had to find her own place and it was really difficult because like the place she was working, I was kind of like a country area and so like it's not like she tried to Airbnb but it was kind of hard and I mean give the mark that you're like an essential worker and once you do that like nobody really wants to host people working in the hospital. Um like so she ended up having to go to this other hotel and yeah, she seemed very tired because she would work in the hospital and then she picked up another job like assisting people on on the phone. So she's working like seven day weeks. And yeah, she was she was really tired by the time she came back she was asleep, she slept for like the whole weekend when
she came
back.
She is 56.
No, I mean I'm really proud of her.
Like
she put in like so much work and like stuff like this, like, even though I'm not like uh like I'm not I didn't study anything in the medical field, like it makes me want to like do my part to like help out as well. And I mean, what I've mainly been doing during this uh during Covid is like, I've still been applying the jobs. But then I've also been um
like managing this group. It was just like an online job search support group. And I've been managing it since october 2019. But because of Covid, it just blew up before that it was just supposed to be kind of like me hanging out with other people who are job searching online and just like talking with them a bit. And then once Covid happened I remember the membership like Quadrupled, like it was crazy like now it has like 300 members and I've been trying to manage resources for that uh connect people with like uh ways to make money online like through stuff like prolific um been able to find like a little freebies online to connect people with as well and just try to help people get through these really difficult times.
Well,
I mean, yeah, it's on a platform called Discord and yeah, it's like a it used to be a platform for like gamers, but then now it's been being put for a lot of stuff because you know like everything is moving virtual because of covid. Um So yeah it's on there but then I also have a wiki for it that has the list of all the resources which is on a wiki site called notion. And so
like.
Yeah for sure. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah definitely. You can join. Yeah like um
let me see what so what you can do to see if I can write something down, what you can do is what can you do? So um let me see if you can do this. So look up viewers the O E R. S. Mhm. Yeah.
And then development mm opportunity experience uh support its cord. So that doesn't come up. So maybe the only other thing you can maybe do is like um do you have like reddit? Yeah so I'm gonna write down like my user name and I'll just send you like the link to it and
do what?
Oh no like so like do you have like a Reddit account? Yeah I just
send
it to like your your read it like you can like P. M. Me and then like all PMu the link.
So let me pull it up.
Yeah no worries. Available for us
to uh to do. Yeah so let me see. It might be oh it's backwards, jesus. Um So yeah it's available force to it's back. Yeah that's that's my Reddit name available for. Yeah.
yeah you'd be able to find a lot of people actually in the group because like like there's been some people who are in the group who have been job searching since before the pandemic, but then there's a lot of people who like joined specifically because their job search was disrupted by the pandemic. So
like
Yeah. So like yeah, you should definitely give it a joint and like talk to some people on there. Like we have a pretty good group of people like that going in. I need to advertise it a bit more just because I've been so focused on working on the resources on the wiki that like, I don't advertise because for me, I'm just like, oh it's not ready yet, It's not ready yet. But like it's good to get the word out there, so.
Thank you. Thank you.
I mean don't feel guilty because like also another thing that I've been doing, like I'm somebody who like I'm so I stick
to like routine in terms of like work that I do and from my personal life and professional life and then all the like, sorry, But I realized
that for me, I was thinking so much to my routine that if I fall out of it, then I get really stressed out and like I freak out so much and I'm somebody who like I'm so ambitious that I feel like I tend to push away like people from me, but then I realized that the people around you like they're just so important and like being able to just relax within yourself is something that's like so important. So I've been working a lot during this pandemic on also being able to just relax and then be grateful for like the things that I have like that I have like my mom who's worked so hard um and been able to provide for my family like that I have my siblings that I have friends that I can still talk to and like the experiences that I've had, things like that.
All
but
her
that's
difficult.
No, I mean it's
okay, it's okay
like, but no that's that's extremely difficult to deal with like um Yeah, and I'm hoping things pull through for like both your dad with the psychological uh problem and then like also like um the a person who has cancer and things like that, like that's very difficult to go through like um Yeah, that's something for me, like I haven't had any particular family members who have had any sicknesses during this time, but then like, I don't know, I worry because like my grandma on my mom's side, she's old
and
what?
I heard that. Yeah, my my grandma, she's old and she she still works as a nurse in like a hospital and Yeah, yeah, she's somebody because she retired seven years ago and then she got bored of being retired so she came out of retirement like a year later and so she like has been working since in a hospital and uh Yeah she's still working there even though I'm like you shouldn't be like your she's like in her late 70s, early 80's and right I don't know, I I get worried about her and then
what
she's in Kansas city Missouri. Yeah. And
other than that,
like I mean I'm mainly with my mom
and then
my siblings, like I have three siblings but like I'm not really with my dad and I mean I feel bad about that but also it it's kind of like a I don't know I've had like a weird relationship with him like sometimes because he can be kind of like strict and then sometimes he says really crazy stuff. Um I recently actually found out that he um seems to air more on the side of being like anti mask. So like, I don't know, I feel like I just wouldn't want to talk with him because like, that was really frustrates me.
Well,
Yeah, that's like a huge
red
flag.
no, like, it's been very difficult for the most part, my core group of friends, like, they've all been pretty much on board with wearing mask to a social distancing with everything like that. Um But then I'll see occasionally on my social media will be like, somebody I knew from high school that I haven't talked to in like, a few years, and like, they'll be strict, like, very anti mask, and I'm like, jeez, like, what happened with you? And then, like, I don't know, some of the stuff like with my dad like that really frustrates me like, but like, I don't really know how to approach that. So I just haven't yet, but
I don't know.
Yeah, I mean it will, in my opinion, it will definitely bring it closer to home like people being able to connect those faces, hear people's stories and be like, okay, this person's dad like or like mom or whoever like died from covid and like this is somebody who could have easily been me or it could have been like my neighbor or somebody that I know like it will, I think it will be great and that it'll connect with people like that way. So I think that you have something really good going on with having that project, but
Oh, so like, you
know like when are you
gonna start
those?
Happened? Yeah.
Yeah it's not good.
I got
you,
Yeah no that that will be great like
I mean in hearing those type of people's stories it's so remarkable and inspiring because like Yeah I'm 26 and I haven't gone through nearly that much stuff like you know going through cancer getting like your organs replaced. Like I mean I've been job searching for a bit and so like I've been done like anything like being A. M. T. Or anything and so I don't know hearing stories like that it's just so inspiring like how they're getting up and then they're still doing this in the midst of this crazy monster like yeah it's something that makes you want to get up and do something
to. So
yeah. Yeah this is your
thing.
Yeah I'm not
what else to talk about but yeah there's still, how long is there still left on this actually? Let me
check.
Yeah like at least about like 34 more minutes. Well yeah.
So did you reschedule for this like like from an earlier sort of schedule?
I think.
Yeah because
like
yeah. Yeah because this is
I did
this
earlier in the summer, but then
nobody
showed up and then I signed up for this for this round and I was supposed to do it a week ago but then nobody showed up again and so like this is like my third one and then you finally showed up so like that's good.
Yeah they pay you because like if nobody shows up you just put
something
in that says like oh like nobody showed up and they'll give you like a dollar so Yeah.
was like
searching
on Reddit about
like two years ago. And yeah, I just saw it on there
and I was like, okay, I'm job searching, I need to make some money. So yeah, I'll just, I'll do this while I'm job searching and it's been good for me so far. Like it's
definitely,
I
have a few others actually on the wiki that I made. There's like a giant list of like all these different websites
or you can do similar stuff, but in
my experience, prolific has been the best. But yeah, there's other ones ranging from things where you can, I don't know, well there's like mturk where you can do similar stuff like prolific. Uh
Oh, that sucks jean.
that's
annoying,
jeez.
No, like
I mean,
yeah, my experience and
Turkey
has
not
been good. Like
but
I've also
written
up in and then
there a bunch
of other ones that I don't remember. Range.
Yeah sure like it ranges
from
being
stuff like that you can just do on like surveys or whatever to like some random organizations that I found that pay you to like ship them like samples of like your poop or like weird stuff like that. Like
yeah you're gonna literally do that. Like there's actually there's actually when I found that um actually
in California so like
you might actually
be able to like don't link
up and do that with them. But like um I found somebody
that I found uh another website some prolific but it's called like testable minds. I
found what else it's like a giant list. I can't remember everything. But yeah you'll definitely see it when you join so.
Well
well
I started
and 2019 I
just
did
supplemental
income while I was doing other jobs. So
what I've done when I filed taxes
like they didn't ask for like
they didn't like
when
I file
my taxes
they didn't ask
for any money from winning. So
I've been fired with that this year. Might be different because of the pandemic.
Well
so like water. What happens when I crossed that bridge?
I've
actually never done this before.
That's pretty cool wow.
You're the post op back in the group
for
Go right now.
yeah thank you. Yeah but that's pretty
I'd like
I'd love to
check
that
out once it's safe to do. And
my
I used to work at banana Republic and I'm pretty sure we got a lot of people like that and yeah like I just remember stuff like that but like uh I don't know it seems like it would be a good day.
Yeah
that's all that's pretty cool
gig spot. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah
I'll see if
I can
check
it
out
and uh
Yeah I'll definitely
need all
of them out,
possibly
add them so like the list and like yeah see what
but I think yeah we're past the time now. Um
But
talking
with
you as well.
Catherine.
Uh Yeah just check out the group and I guess you see anything you like then just yeah use it. Yeah
well
good to meet
you too, take care of bye.