Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Mhm Right. See, Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm Hi
and
then showed up? Yeah.
Good. How are you?
Hi kevin. I'm Catherine.
Nice to meet you.
I'm in Los Angeles.
How
is that? I mean, I guess Los Angeles
also crazy but Atlanta is a hot spot too. Right.
I heard they got
in trouble for that for posting that or something.
Problem.
Thank
you very much.
It is so insane.
I'm so glad. I was afraid. Maybe something would put me with like some Republican, like anti masker or something. I have to talk to them.
Are you going after?
I'm
gonna to start a project tomorrow or so where I'm going to interview frontline workers and people who have lost people and people who had really serious complications. And it all zoom documentary projects and then pay for them to be like advertisements on social media for like take covid seriously campaign.
It's important.
Have you like known anybody that's we had serious complications or know anybody who knows people who have passed on or anything?
So
admirable.
So good of her. I mean it's crazy.
Did
you buy
it herself or did somebody do they give it to her?
What?
What we don't
want?
How
old
shit
wow. That's really amazing. Brave. Good. Good human. Yeah.
Good.
Good.
Mhm.
That's cool. What is it? Is it on facebook or some
other?
I want, can I write it
down? Can
I join?
All
Yeah.
Can you Okay.
You can't how do you send me anything? You'll have to get my email?
Coming
now?
Okay. What's your Reddit name or had a
Yeah I don't even know mine just use it a lot for unemployment groups
because
because I also so recently I've been working um in casting for real real people work in documentary casting. I've been working for a major jobs sight casting. Real people who have jobs have been affected during the pandemic for documentaries.
that's exactly
what they're looking for.
Cool. That's good of you. Good job.
I haven't been doing anything much humanitarian. Right? Yeah. I feel a little guilty
but
from my
good. Yeah. I'm trying to work on being grateful and I'm gonna try to do this project that will make me feel like I'm doing something. I'm here with a partner who is high risk. So I don't, I don't even,
you don't even like leave the house much. It's going on five months now like in a couple of days, right, five months in this house. It's a crazy, I haven't been anywhere and my dad had a like a psychological break when
crazy and like I should have, you know, but he has a wife there and they told me not to come and then my my cousins wife got cancer, a really aggressive form and I should like, you know, I feel like I should be in these places, but I'm not
because largely of my partner and whatever.
So
uh huh. No, I'm talking about that.
Got
to
New studies
available on prolific. Did
you hear that? Mhm
Where is she?
What city?
okay.
No
word
it.
Isn't
that crazy? Those division lines like that? Like I can't talk to people. I've definitely unfriended people. I mean without question, but like really kind of cut ties with people that were pretty good friends just because they're anti masking or whatever just because they not even fully anti mask, but they just start to say stuff about like how the governor of California is keeping them from their freedom or something and like, oh, we can talk.
I love
that
thing over yonder. Yeah.
So
it is, it's so hard to change people's opinions about it. That's why I that's, that was my goal with this project of like I'm going to just do not political. Just like a website with little video interviews about people who just real personal stories Like mostly people who either work the front lines or have died. You know have somebody close to them has died and they will just be like one minute commercial, it'll be like this is my dad who died or something, you know? And hopefully that is the kind of message that can get through maybe.
Starting it, yeah. So again, so I've been working um in for somebody else casting documentaries and I've been working casting frontline workers for these the series of real person interviews And then all these people have got like travel nurses and stuff texting me at 2:00 AM there like did they choose me? I really want to tell my story and stuff like that. So I just was like okay I have to do this. You know, just do it on zoom. Yes, can't not let these people tell their stories somehow and put it out there. So I did all the social media's and I'm all ready to go. I just need to do the interviews now.
It is
chris
I'm
going to start the casting post today. I bought some new headphones um because I didn't think that I how do I sound? It's the sound
I
just thought it sounded better and I was going to start, you know, like as soon as people start getting back to me,
but
now I know how easy it is to cast people. You know how many people want to tell their stories and as soon as these people choose their nurses, then I can go and take everybody they didn't choose from. My have already made these connections. Like I've probably 100 nurses and frontline workers including like okay E. M. T. Who's a kid? He's probably 20 years old. He's an E. M. T. In new york city and he's had his like he's had a cancer survivor and he said like organ replacements and he's still out there being a front line worker. So like for him to you know, do a little P. S. A. About take covid seriously something or Yeah.
Great. Nothing.
differences.
But I haven't. Yeah. This is my same.
Go
do it. Um Yeah.
All right.
We
should do at least a few more minutes. Right.
Die.
No I did it this is my first one, but they never sent me anything. So I just
I had to go into that uh prolific email and like find a link. Yeah,
I was
not here. It was going to be a real person.
The third class.
I
didn't,
but then
don't.
Did you get they paid you before? How did they like know who you are cheap?
Get
out.
How did you find out about prolific just from doing job gig research? I
was
like
or something.
And
give
you like that like this. I
am.
What
cook?
maybe like denying me. Uh Oh, account recently.
Yeah. It took like a month and I kept emailing them and they just feel like you're denied. We don't we can't prove that you where you are. And I was like, I've had an Amazon account for like 20 years. You can't
tell
me who I am.
Two.
my God.
Dielectric.
And
there
is
nothing
like probably,
but
I don't
I
isn't it?
I'm
gonna have to check it out. Your group
break
from
the
Did you see that
California
so you
can see
myself
about
stop.
awesome. Do you ever have to pay taxes on this stuff or what do you what do you do for that? Do you ever make more than $600? So there
were like 10 90 90 or whatever.
Well
I started but
you
have
to say
that.
So
what?
it
is
like
process
that
actually
you've
been making
a lot of money on these things. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I've been I do also I had then I haven't been doing it during this time but I used to do a lot of like um mystery shopping I guess. Yeah mystery shopping, stuff like that. Like on the apps you ever do those?
There's
that's how I found out about this. I think there's a ton of like you know little things you can do. I mean I wouldn't do them now but maybe go into Albertsons and take photos of products or like get a lot of free food, a lot of You know um I used to eat at like El Pollo loco a lot. You get paid like $10 to eat there and get the free food and you just feel a little question here, stuff like that.
Mhm.
there's a lot of them. I have like a ton of apps but you know I haven't those are all dead now right? We don't
have to I mean they still have them but I wouldn't want to like Do
anymore. Like I'm gonna risk my life for $5.
That's pretty cool.
I
love
this
ground.
and then there's
some that are like you know make phone calls whatever too for money you know for like that market or you know it's like mystery shopping. It's just like call up some storage unit place and like see if you can rent a storage unit and ask them how much it costs or something like that. And I say some things like that. Yeah
it's not a lot but it's something is you know kind of fun to drive around L. A. Two random places and do things they used to have, they had this one for a while that it would be like they give you $10 or $15 to go take exterior pictures of apartments in Los Angeles. And there were some that were just like, like in you could almost walk to and I was making like hundreds of dollars a day just doing these pictures of apartment listings and stuff. Good. Yeah.
Whoever
sporadic That one is called a Market Force or no gig slot.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'll
see if
I can
check
it out.
There's a field agent. I Secret shop um gig spot, gig walk, secret shopper, presto instant shopper observer and Market Force. These are all like some of the ones you can also just if you google some of them you'll get other ones like that. Yeah some of them are awful. Yeah.
I'll definitely
call
them out
probably.
What?
They look like
to you know and I
want
people
to look
after it.
Good to meet
you.
Bye.