SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Shit yeah Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah Yeah mm. Okay. Okay. Yeah Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah Yeah. Mhm. Yeah Yeah yeah yeah Yeah that's all yeah Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Period. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Okay I think it was mhm. Okay thank you. Yeah I can't mhm. If you yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah mm. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Right okay. Oh different because
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me? Yes, be still fucking,
SPEAKER_L: Hello? Can you hear me
SPEAKER_R: I can hear you now.
SPEAKER_L: Okay? Cool I can hear you
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I'm Christi, what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: chris
SPEAKER_R: A lot should be easy to remember.
SPEAKER_L: same name basically. Mhm. How's it going
SPEAKER_R: good excuse. I'm, I'm Covid no makeup. Just barely made it to the computers. How many you'd still be there? How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you just caught me. I was well it says wait five minutes so this is about five minutes I was you know I wanted something else but I heard you so it's cool. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: you go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: No. Oh no go ahead. I was just saying how is going? Oh
SPEAKER_R: just crazy. Uh, you know, life Covid like Covid, how about two hours ago with you?
SPEAKER_L: pretty good. Um You know just same thing I guess that we're all kinda in right now, we're just kind of dealing with you know all the covid stuff but you know way eight months in now. So I guess I'm getting used to it. So it's not like it was you know, february march when it first started out, it was like just super depressing and I think I'm in like a groove now with it. So I guess
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: you know, so what what area are you in?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Austin texas y'all?
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool, cool. I went there years ago with my band to play South by Southwest. It's like 10, 15 years ago probably.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, A band I would have heard of or
SPEAKER_L: No, probably. We were a Chicago band um
SPEAKER_R: is that
SPEAKER_L: mainly note. No, I'm in florida now. I left Chicago three years ago to come down here and get out of the cold weather.
SPEAKER_R: Well tell me about your south by southwest experience. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it was really cool. We had a great time. We had, it was when our second record came out. And uh,
SPEAKER_R: This,
SPEAKER_L: you know, our label wanted us to go do it. So we had fun. We stayed, I think about five days. We played maybe like 89 shows. Um, it was cool because you're playing all
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: over like three o'clock in the afternoon and going somewhere else and playing. And so it was unique. We definitely never did anything like that before. It was exhausting though. I mean, yeah, I wore me out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And that was the first casualty of Covid was south. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: wow,
SPEAKER_R: I've been a few times. Uh, mostly to some, you know, they have some to arrest terrestrial festivals. Uh, for those who make south by, because I live in Austin, why am I going to pay that much money to go see live bands? They have live bands at the grocery store you know? But for the record executives and for the musicians that want to get seen it's a great thing.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, definitely. It's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: great exposure and you can get all those people in one city at the same time, you know, so they can link up, come see each other. And so that's definitely, you can see the appeal. Um, yeah, it was great. I mean, it was, I'm glad I got to go at least once, you know, and not so much just play, but to actually see and experience it because it really is a unique cool event. Think I'd be too old to go now probably. I mean, I think it would wear me out. I mean it wore me out then and that was a long time ago. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I used to go with all the free food. All free there. You know what? I would rather buy the beer by the food, stay home. You know they stream a lot of the stuff now so like the Alabama pics were here a couple of years ago and they stream them. I love them.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they're good. I saw them once at Lollapalooza. It was probably like eight years ago and it started a huge rainstorm right in the middle though. So they had to stop early, which was a bomber. But she's great. She's got a great voice.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no kidding. I used to be in a band but you know it's the loss. I've been Austin long enough you have to be in a band or you have to have a band. Uh Somebody that's in a band live on your couch for a while. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the same thing in my twenties, there's always someone on the couch, you know, for weeks at a time you sing or play something.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well I play saxophone but and the band I just sang thing back up with, it was my friend's band and his girlfriend really wanted to be a backup singer. And so you wanna you know
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: on a lark went
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: along with it, we did it for a couple of years. Uh It was fun. You know sometimes there are more people on stage and in the audience, but you
SPEAKER_L: I've been
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: it's easy to be an abandoned Austin. It's hard to get paid to be in a band in Austin, everybody's you
SPEAKER_L: I can see that.
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I have a friend who used to be in a band, I used to play with Illinois that moved us in a couple of years ago and he does he barks and somewhere but he does band stuff there and he really likes it. But you know, he said it's a lot, you know everyone's in a band, they're pretty much,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and well like my friends that I was in the band with have now moved closer to san Marcus because you know you can't live in Austin. Nice addition salary. It's kind of ridiculous. So what part of florida are you in?
SPEAKER_L: we're in a place called Winter Garden. It's a really cool little area. It's just outside of Orlando so it's like probably
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: like 20 minutes
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: from where like Universal
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: Studios is. But it's cool. It's, you wouldn't think you were near the tourist stuff. It's a really cool old florida kind of feel. They've got like a really nice downtown and strip of bars, pretty neat.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry, she took Fiona and my dog off. Uh huh. Yeah, I would love you know I love Austin but I missed the beach beaches. My voice.
SPEAKER_L: that's been my favorite things. It's coming down here because you know, we didn't have then Chicago. I mean you've got lake michigan but that beaches are small and nasty.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I mean I never wanted to go there. So you've
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: got these pristine beaches here. It's beautiful. I mean we're like right in the middle of all of them. So we got like Clearwater ST Augustine, we've got Daytona cocoa, we could get to any of them like in under an hour. So it's kind of just pick your, take your beach when you want to go.
SPEAKER_R: That sounds awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's been my favorite thing being down here. Um The weather is nice. I mean we went out yesterday, it's 84 degrees so you're able to you know in Chicago it's 30 already so you get nice weather by you to those so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was in the eighties. It got down to the fifties I think last night. But you know that's texas cold for it, you know
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's a heat wave. Uh In the north.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we get we had fifties at night I think in january and february and that's about it. Maybe high four years a couple of times. But other than that it doesn't get much lower than that. Um It's
SPEAKER_R: Help.
SPEAKER_L: nice though. I mean I just got tired of Chicago. You know I lived there my whole life, I was born in Louisiana but we moved to Chicago and I was like five. So basically my whole life and just say you get sick of it, you're in traffic your whole life. I mean I've never spent a day where I wasn't in traffic at least an hour and a half, two hours. Um Everybody lives on top of each other, you spend a half hour looking for a parking spot afterwards. So you got to add that onto your day. I mean you know such a grind.
SPEAKER_R: My. Yeah I hear you. Oh I'm one of my few like my parents moved out of boston, my brother moved out of you know a lot of my friends have because the city has just gotten so big that the traffic stupid
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you know. Uh
SPEAKER_L: traffic killed me. I couldn't take anymore. I'm like how much my life in my waist And I was trying to like ended up in a year and it was like a crazy amount was like weeks and weeks, like just driving to and from work. I mean there's, it's just you and your stress level. I mean, I don't handle traffic well
SPEAKER_R: No, me neither.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm flying off the church immediately. Um So
SPEAKER_R: What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: we definitely, I work in DME so durable medical equipment, like oxygen machines and yes, it's cool. You know, I used to work on the patient side of it. So as a technician, I'm going out to homes and setting this stuff up, but I'm in
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: sales now after covid things changed a lot. I went full time like stay at home on the sales side, so it's nice. Um I miss going to the people's houses, but I wouldn't want to be doing that right now anyway, I don't think, you know, it's
SPEAKER_R: for your we begin for theirs. Uh My mom is uh just turned 85 she's batshit crazy. She's my french. But but he's in assisted living facility so you know they keep her locked up, they take care of her you know to make sure she didn't wander out too much. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: they get stubborn sometimes at that age. Like my mom she's in her seventies and she's legally blind and she's still freaking going out every weekend and she lives down in Daytona area but like she acts like a 19 year old like we see around facebook all the time and her and her husband are like at a bar like what the hell are you guys doing? Like me and my girlfriend are like way younger and you know pretty decent health and we're staying home and you guys are out there tearing up bars and so stubborn.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that well yeah not to get into politics, my mom gets all her medical information from Fox News
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Same same exact
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: same.
SPEAKER_R: not a big fan of
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah me neither. And it's the same same story um You know they they all everything is just coming from the trump side for them medical lives and that's why I think they don't you know listen but are you gonna do you know, I could
SPEAKER_R: our
SPEAKER_L: yell
SPEAKER_R: home.
SPEAKER_L: at them once a week and let it go from there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah you know mom's trying to make thanksgiving plans and I'm trying to tell her she goes surely by christmas I'm like no mom that's it's not the way it works. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I mean there's been good good news last week. I mean with two vaccines which is promising. But even then it's going to take time for the rollout. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah even uh even if they push it it's going to be another 456 months at least.
SPEAKER_L: they said probably like Fauci said so I actually listen to him but he was saying like probably april where like someone like me or you could probably walk into Cbs and get a shot but definitely not christmas and unfortunately we're just we're planning on staying in and we always go up to michigan for christmas but this year it's going to be just hanging out here with the dog.
SPEAKER_R: what do you have
SPEAKER_L: She's german shepherd and rot. Mix,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: total money
SPEAKER_R: brought? I loved that dog, he thought he was a lapdog.
SPEAKER_L: this one too. She's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: £70 and thinks she's a little problem.
SPEAKER_R: But when my father passed mom went to the rest home, I inherited their dogs. So I have two little Jack Russells, right?
SPEAKER_L: Russells are great, they're wild man. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: well I got him kind of middle age. They were wild when my parents first got him
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: Toyland.
SPEAKER_L: are hyper Jack Russells, they're great dogs and they're firecrackers.
SPEAKER_R: they are, they're hilarious. Uh So anyway I'm glad I ended up with them. There are a lot of comfort, you know since we're all spending so much time like I'm happy, they're paying me to talk to somebody, right, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, it's nice. I mean, I've always kind of done this kind of stuff in my time off, just use it for like vacation fund and stuff, but you know, I definitely been leaning on it more because the first few months my hours were cut way down, so I was like, yeah, I mean it was nice to jump behind and be able to get paid to do things like this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm I've been through a whole series of jobs in the last few years but I started doing more and more online work and so prolific was just one of the revenue streams. You know I had several different jobs because you know they like left and Uber, they don't want to give you full time hours because then they have to pay benefits.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, that's your loophole. It's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: hopefully someone brings them, you know, up on that soon. I mean, I know people have tried to, but it hasn't made much leeway, but
SPEAKER_R: well it's not going to win the Republican led atmosphere. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: it's a bummer because they get away with so much like if I just calling people, you know, what are they self employed, A
SPEAKER_R: contractors.
SPEAKER_L: task, work contractors, that's the word, It was eluding me. But yeah, it was. And get away with you know, all kind of murder on it. I thought about doing that here because it's a really busy area. Um So maybe when this all kind of clears up, I would do it a couple of nights a week just to go out and drive. Yeah, I like it. This
SPEAKER_R: You would meet people
SPEAKER_L: yeah, here are down here. I like traffic because we don't really hit much traffic. It's definitely not like Chicago. You know,
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: you couldn't go anywhere would be nice down here. You get all vacation people so you know they're in a good mood and you hope, I'm sure some of them aren't. But you get happy people on their way to Disney World and stuff. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Kids having a meltdown, are we there yet?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, they are the ones you got to take back to the airport are probably rough ones picking them up at
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's rough.
SPEAKER_L: Disney World and the adults too. I'm sure that's probably get them under crabby days.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I've never been to uh florida or California Disney world, but I went to Disneyland paris what
SPEAKER_L: How was that?
SPEAKER_R: it was like a you know a mini version. But uh my boyfriend at the time had never been on a roller coaster before and went on the Matterhorn. Is that the one that goes in the dark?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. The bobsled kind of warrant. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, but he thought that was so cool. Oh let's do it again, let's do it again some sudden line again and then we went on a different small roller coaster. But he could see and it's like I'm not getting more of those again.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. That's the dark help. Huh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. He was a lot more courageous when he couldn't see what's going on,
SPEAKER_L: Just tell him to close his eyes.
SPEAKER_R: right? It screams like a girl.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's fun. I you know, I I can't do like the crazy big ones but I like like the middle tier roller coaster type stuff and uh
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: I can handle those with the big big ones. Like they've got the incredible hulk one here. Like I can't do I can't get out net like but I can do like some of the medium tier ones. Like I can go upset out like three times but don't put me upset at like nine times because
SPEAKER_R: when I was a kid, my mom said I would go on anything that would turn me upside down and shaking, you know, even the, the Barnum and bailey's little rinky dink, you know? Right?
SPEAKER_L: Oh like the zipper. Yeah. They think.
SPEAKER_R: stuff way would not be legal now, wow.
SPEAKER_L: They got away with some stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well we survived.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. I mean I went on those things all the time and you know, I'm fine. Uh But yeah, it's uh I think when I was younger I can handle those things. But I realized, I think about 78 years if I went on some roller coaster at Seaworld and it just jacked me up and I realized at that point now I didn't really start thinking about what I get on these days.
SPEAKER_R: I know, that's a sad point in your life or for me when I realized, you know, I'd always hit all the roller coasters a couple times and now it's a bit of your height so it's more a fear of falling, just, it hurts a lot more, but I'm all so far, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The heights thing gets me a tiny bit too, but it's more of the Jack and me around, you know, I wouldn't, you know those ones they got now where you just hang and there's nothing below you. You're not even in a seat. Like yeah, that's the
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: I went on at Seaworld and I was like the whole time going up, I'm just like this thing like unclip licks or I don't know how that happens, but if it on clicks, I'm like 20 stories up, like that's it, it's over
SPEAKER_R: they were, it's yeah,
SPEAKER_L: because I mean it's just you think about it when you're up there. Um it's you know, I still go on some of the stuff we get, when you live here, you can pass this to everything for like really cheap. So on a saturday or sunday we'll go do like a lap around one of the parts and go on one or two things to go home. And I like the little stuff like I like the haunted mansion and that kind of stuff. That's more my speed
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they had a small world little ride that we went on, we went on the teacups, you can handle that.
SPEAKER_L: spinning.
SPEAKER_R: Oh uh yeah, uh he was from paris, so he was really excited about going, you know? But he'd never been to an amusement park. So once we got there, you have a lot more fun.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's awesome. I I've never been to paris, I'm half french, so I hope to go one day. But you know, that's gonna obviously cost some money, but you know what I always say when I'm a little bit older people say for those things.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah. Well, the travel bug hit me when I turned 30 and I was single. I travel really cheap, you know, on my own. I don't, you know, I'll get a B and B or whatever. I don't need anything fancy just saying, you know, if you're taking your significant other, you probably have to spend a little bit more.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I'd imagine trying to get hotel rooms you see, I used to do hospitals all the time in my twenties, mostly around, not around here, but you know, I just go to California a lot and always just get a hospital room and
SPEAKER_R: in the band? Yeah, I bet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, yeah, we would just share a room five of us. I mean, you know, sleeping cars sometimes until like five in the morning so we can check in and get two nights kind of, you know, be two nights then um Yeah, a lot of that stuff back then, but I don't know if I can do it now.
SPEAKER_R: now,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: no wonder band is like being a chef. Ege, for the young uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it was so much fun.
SPEAKER_R: I'm a patient. That's where I was. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. Yeah, I'm gonna do it again here, but it's going to be local shows. I'm not gonna tour anymore to travel, you know? I'll do shows here. I mean Tunnel Work for bands in this area because as you can imagine, I mean
SPEAKER_R: Well, you get
SPEAKER_L: lot of them.
SPEAKER_R: keep your mom entertained.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, yeah, it's um there's a ton of gigs out that way, but even this way they saw the bars and breweries. I don't even know if I let my mom come to the shows anymore. She's always come to the shows in Chicago back in the day and she was like, shut up with her friends and they were like the worst ones there. I was like, you guys are like the oldest ones here and you you act like stupid and everybody else
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: what have
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you got to bend your mom from your shows for being too rambunctious,
SPEAKER_L: I would tell them not to come sometimes, they would still show up so I couldn't even ban them.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: no you can't bend, I can't bend my mother.
SPEAKER_L: no. Yeah, well, my grandmother was the best she would come to shows when she was still alive And uh, I mean we go out and one in the morning should be hanging out there at the bars and you know, waiting for us to play and she was always a good time because she knew how to behave. But then you got, my mom and her friends are way too rowdy.
SPEAKER_R: Let me get through the woo girls.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I would tell them though, you got to stay
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: in the back and do whatever you want back there like the back of the crowd, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah don't
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: forget me.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, don't be right in my face pointing at me and you know, doing anything like that. Just staying back and like idiots as long as I can't see it. But yeah, they were the wars and the yellers and her husband one time through a glow stick at the stage. I'm like, man, it's not a Phish concert. You can't get away with that here because security grabbed them and they were talking about and then he name dropped me. I'm like, you just made it worse then. And I'm like, no, that's he's my stepson is the bass player. I was like, don't tell them that because now I look like an idiot.
SPEAKER_R: you're a player, my friend is a bass player so you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I love it. I started out a guitar player. But um you know, I realized when I would read the classified, every band was looking for a bass player and nobody was looking for a guitar player because there's like a million of them. So I bought a base and just switched over.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and then you know everybody always needs a drummer because they're crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. They're usually nightmares.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Every drummer we ever had imploded eventually. Eventually.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like spinal tap, it was find a way to blow up or um singers too serious to be pretty difficult. Had some rough singers in my day. They, you know, they get to pre Madonna thing going. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Ethan was it was his band, he was the bass player, he wrote songs uh we did a couple of covers but like manu chao you know nothing you really here on the right? Oh uh so yeah he would have conflicts with members of the band and just stop talking to them. That's how here the same.
SPEAKER_L: it's rough I always just say it's like having four girlfriends because you've got to be on good terms with all of them all the time. You know you can't have any kind of bad energy. It's not like with a regular friend where if you have a disagreement you could just not talk to him for a while. I mean the band you're still gonna have to be together that weekend. Yeah I was always like having four girlfriend especially when we would have to drive together. Some really moody guys man these guys were but I wouldn't take it back for anything. It was a great time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah that was definitely, especially living in Austin that was a good experience.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's fun. It's a fun city. I'm definitely gonna go back at some point. See it in non south by Southwest times. Um You know just to get the other side of it.
SPEAKER_R: I would highly recommend that. Yeah, the people who live here totally avoid downtown during a cl south by uh you know, any of those big festivals because you're likely to run over somebody with a badge because they're walking into the street texting someone not looking where they're going. It's like, oh my God, the badged ones have descended upon us again, wow.
SPEAKER_L: It's got to be stressful with the driving and so I think it's the same thing with new Orleans at Mardi gras. Like the locals, they have their own little Mardi grass out satellite Mardi gras is kind of, but they don't go into the court.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I can see that. Yeah. The corner is all the tourists I need.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Um you know, I'll go through the corner but then eventually make my way. One of the other ones where you know where you had a little more fun typically with the locals. But yeah the quarters, you know that's all the college kids. They probably don't want me walking through there anymore either probably.
SPEAKER_R: I went to New Orleans uh september 28 2001 now, remember? September 11th? Yeah, so as my birthday and so ticket prices I think I got a round trip ticket for under $200. And and so it's kind of an off season for the quarter, nobody was really traveling, so we're not many tourists. But yeah, I enjoyed myself on the quarter.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I did make it to the House of Blues. Yes, I know, I saw trombone shorty when I was there,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah he's great. You were big fans him.
SPEAKER_R: I've seen him here at at stubbs. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know stops. Yeah. That's awesome. He's great.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: We uh we had a trip planned before this all started up. We're going to go to french quarter fest in april and then Covid you know, kicked at and obviously that didn't happen but that's their local music fest. Um It's all just local bands and local restaurants and uh if you want to do like a festival there, but you don't want to do one of the touristy ones, That's definitely the one to look at.
SPEAKER_R: that's good to know. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's great.
SPEAKER_R: like roller coasters. I just don't do festivals, like I used to volunteer at a CFS for the first few years and then we went through the Dust bowl one where we went in, they said it was really bad because of all the wind and the dust, and I was like, yeah, it's not that bad. I was coughing up blood balls by the end. It was terrible. I was like, oh no, that's it part
SPEAKER_L: we do, I don't know if, you know riot fest, it's a Chicago fist, it's like a punk rock metal fist. Every september we do that every year and we still drive up for it now being florida residents. But the last one we went to was last year I guess, so a year ago in september and me and my girlfriend both were like, I don't think we can come back next year, like I can't stand up for three days anymore. And you know, it's
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: that's the hardest part. O the knees are so bad now from all that standing.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah and nobody at the festivals like it's said that they were not fair to hear the band. So like we were trying to watch nine inch nails and we could not find a spot where we could listen to them without everybody around was just like a talking the whole time. I was like nobody is here to see the fricking bands except for the people in the first like Ted Rose who are like dying right now anyway. So it's yeah, I got super annoying. We couldn't like we tried probably 30 different spots and still couldn't hear the band. So I'm like no more just gonna go see shows in small clubs and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes. Uh Dave chappelle is doing three shows in Austin at Antone's.
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. That'd be fun.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, 100 people maybe. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: they sold out in seconds. But
SPEAKER_L: He always knows quick.
SPEAKER_R: he uh he sent several shows here in smaller venues where I think you kind of testing material and stuff. I hope I saw him at uh uh Yeah. Oh paramount anyway, it's it's a smaller then you and he was one of his hilarious
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, he is good. Um It's cool that some people are still able to go out and do some shows right now. Uh you know, working with regulations and stuff, but it's nice to have those things to look forward to.
SPEAKER_R: uh Yeah Austin you know Austin is the liberal central of texas. So everybody here is very cognizant of like the when the governor opened all the bars, Travis County did not open up. Uh You basically you had uh uh become a restaurant like 50% of your cells have to be in food or you have a food truck out front and then they could out
SPEAKER_L: we're here.
SPEAKER_R: at 25% capacity. Which okay, how's the bargain to survive on that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they can't, that's the same thing they did here, you have to have food and it was like 20% capacity and uh they open them up and the most of the virus just chose not to because we can't pay staff and we're gonna make it, they're not gonna make any money like the bartenders are.
SPEAKER_R: we're gonna spend all this money to open up and then month like you're gonna set us down again.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly what happened here. They shut them down again um shortly
SPEAKER_R: Important.
SPEAKER_L: after opening, but they're back open again now, which
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because it was a stupid idea to open them in the first place.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean unless you've got a huge outdoor patio, which you can do something out there, but otherwise, I mean you can't have people cramming in like Halloween was a mess here. I mean you had to know it was going to be uh but these kids did not give a crap, they were just standing on top of each other out in the street because you know the bars weren't letting them in.
SPEAKER_R: Uh You know, I really question, I probably would have been stupid enough to be down there with them at that age because you think you're
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: am
SPEAKER_R: die. That's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: having that same conversation in my twenties that's going on. I probably would be out there to you know, but and
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: authorities
SPEAKER_R: just welcome.
SPEAKER_L: now I'm a little more mm. Yeah, that's you know, they, the way I look at it, they're out there getting it and hopefully there's little risk and they're not spreading it to anybody. That's I mean you don't worry about it. I'm bringing it home to grandma. I mean, yeah, don't be selfish. I guess you could say that if you're gonna go out and party just simple.
SPEAKER_R: The problem, I don't care if you get it, but don't give it to my immuno compromise mother or I know, I know I didn't know old people, old people were 40. No offense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I definitely how.
SPEAKER_R: The people who actually just turned
SPEAKER_L: Okay, cool. Yeah. You look young
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: as far as I can tell on you know the webcam. But yeah, I would've guessed forties, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just don't know these kids today. We're definitely getting home when you start saying stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Get off my line.
SPEAKER_L: Before we uh we bought a house last year here in winter garden. But our first couple years living down here, we lived basically on a college campus in an apartment building. And because we didn't know where to move, we were coming from Chicago, we didn't know the area well. So we found this area called Winter Park and it's really great reviews and everybody loves it. Great restaurants. But it has like four colleges in it. So we were living in an apartment complex with just all college kids, 24 7. Partying garbage everywhere. I mean I was definitely like get off my lawn. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. When I was at that party both days, you know, two years ago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it was rough, but now we're on a nice block with quiet people and families so I'm a lot more comfortable.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's cool. Well
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: for more time
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it was great talking to you. I'm gonna take care of yourself, Stay safe and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: maybe
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: I'll see out there in Austin sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: I hope so. I hope so. By nearest 2020.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely take care
SPEAKER_R: Bye.