Can you hear me? Yes, be still fucking,
I can hear you now.
Oh yeah, I'm Christi, what's your name?
A lot should be easy to remember.
good excuse. I'm, I'm Covid no makeup. Just barely made it to the computers. How many you'd still be there? How are you?
you go ahead.
just crazy. Uh, you know, life Covid like Covid, how about two hours ago with you?
what?
I'm in Austin texas y'all?
Yeah, A band I would have heard of or
is that
Well tell me about your south by southwest experience. Yeah.
This,
No.
Yeah. And that was the first casualty of Covid was south. Uh huh
I've been a few times. Uh, mostly to some, you know, they have some to arrest terrestrial festivals. Uh, for those who make south by, because I live in Austin, why am I going to pay that much money to go see live bands? They have live bands at the grocery store you know? But for the record executives and for the musicians that want to get seen it's a great thing.
What?
Yeah. I used to go with all the free food. All free there. You know what? I would rather buy the beer by the food, stay home. You know they stream a lot of the stuff now so like the Alabama pics were here a couple of years ago and they stream them. I love them.
Oh no kidding. I used to be in a band but you know it's the loss. I've been Austin long enough you have to be in a band or you have to have a band. Uh Somebody that's in a band live on your couch for a while. Uh huh. Yeah.
Uh Well I play saxophone but and the band I just sang thing back up with, it was my friend's band and his girlfriend really wanted to be a backup singer. And so you wanna you know
on a lark went
along with it, we did it for a couple of years. Uh It was fun. You know sometimes there are more people on stage and in the audience, but you
know
it's easy to be an abandoned Austin. It's hard to get paid to be in a band in Austin, everybody's you
know.
Yeah and well like my friends that I was in the band with have now moved closer to san Marcus because you know you can't live in Austin. Nice addition salary. It's kind of ridiculous. So what part of florida are you in?
No,
I
true.
Sorry, she took Fiona and my dog off. Uh huh. Yeah, I would love you know I love Austin but I missed the beach beaches. My voice.
What?
Hey.
That sounds awesome.
Yeah it was in the eighties. It got down to the fifties I think last night. But you know that's texas cold for it, you know
that's a heat wave. Uh In the north.
Help.
My. Yeah I hear you. Oh I'm one of my few like my parents moved out of boston, my brother moved out of you know a lot of my friends have because the city has just gotten so big that the traffic stupid
you know. Uh
No, me neither.
What do you do?
What?
for your we begin for theirs. Uh My mom is uh just turned 85 she's batshit crazy. She's my french. But but he's in assisted living facility so you know they keep her locked up, they take care of her you know to make sure she didn't wander out too much. Uh huh.
Yeah that well yeah not to get into politics, my mom gets all her medical information from Fox News
was
not a big fan of
our
home.
Yeah. Yeah you know mom's trying to make thanksgiving plans and I'm trying to tell her she goes surely by christmas I'm like no mom that's it's not the way it works. Oh
yeah even uh even if they push it it's going to be another 456 months at least.
what do you have
I
brought? I loved that dog, he thought he was a lapdog.
What?
But when my father passed mom went to the rest home, I inherited their dogs. So I have two little Jack Russells, right?
well I got him kind of middle age. They were wild when my parents first got him
Toyland.
they are, they're hilarious. Uh So anyway I'm glad I ended up with them. There are a lot of comfort, you know since we're all spending so much time like I'm happy, they're paying me to talk to somebody, right, you know?
Yeah. Mhm I've been through a whole series of jobs in the last few years but I started doing more and more online work and so prolific was just one of the revenue streams. You know I had several different jobs because you know they like left and Uber, they don't want to give you full time hours because then they have to pay benefits.
And
well it's not going to win the Republican led atmosphere. Yeah.
Oh.
contractors.
You would meet people
well.
Uh huh. Kids having a meltdown, are we there yet?
yeah, that's rough.
Oh yeah. I've never been to uh florida or California Disney world, but I went to Disneyland paris what
it was like a you know a mini version. But uh my boyfriend at the time had never been on a roller coaster before and went on the Matterhorn. Is that the one that goes in the dark?
Uh Yeah, but he thought that was so cool. Oh let's do it again, let's do it again some sudden line again and then we went on a different small roller coaster. But he could see and it's like I'm not getting more of those again.
Yeah. He was a lot more courageous when he couldn't see what's going on,
right? It screams like a girl.
How
when I was a kid, my mom said I would go on anything that would turn me upside down and shaking, you know, even the, the Barnum and bailey's little rinky dink, you know? Right?
stuff way would not be legal now, wow.
Yeah. Well we survived.
I know, that's a sad point in your life or for me when I realized, you know, I'd always hit all the roller coasters a couple times and now it's a bit of your height so it's more a fear of falling, just, it hurts a lot more, but I'm all so far, but
you
know,
they were, it's yeah,
yeah, they had a small world little ride that we went on, we went on the teacups, you can handle that.
Oh uh yeah, uh he was from paris, so he was really excited about going, you know? But he'd never been to an amusement park. So once we got there, you have a lot more fun.
yeah, yeah. Well, the travel bug hit me when I turned 30 and I was single. I travel really cheap, you know, on my own. I don't, you know, I'll get a B and B or whatever. I don't need anything fancy just saying, you know, if you're taking your significant other, you probably have to spend a little bit more.
in the band? Yeah, I bet.
now,
no wonder band is like being a chef. Ege, for the young uh
I'm a patient. That's where I was. Yeah,
Well, you get
keep your mom entertained.
That's
what have
you got to bend your mom from your shows for being too rambunctious,
No
no you can't bend, I can't bend my mother.
Let me get through the woo girls.
Thanks.
Yeah don't
forget me.
you're a player, my friend is a bass player so you know. Yeah.
Yeah and then you know everybody always needs a drummer because they're crazy.
Yeah. Every drummer we ever had imploded eventually. Eventually.
Ethan was it was his band, he was the bass player, he wrote songs uh we did a couple of covers but like manu chao you know nothing you really here on the right? Oh uh so yeah he would have conflicts with members of the band and just stop talking to them. That's how here the same.
Yeah. Yeah that was definitely, especially living in Austin that was a good experience.
I would highly recommend that. Yeah, the people who live here totally avoid downtown during a cl south by uh you know, any of those big festivals because you're likely to run over somebody with a badge because they're walking into the street texting someone not looking where they're going. It's like, oh my God, the badged ones have descended upon us again, wow.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I can see that. Yeah. The corner is all the tourists I need.
I went to New Orleans uh september 28 2001 now, remember? September 11th? Yeah, so as my birthday and so ticket prices I think I got a round trip ticket for under $200. And and so it's kind of an off season for the quarter, nobody was really traveling, so we're not many tourists. But yeah, I enjoyed myself on the quarter.
Uh I did make it to the House of Blues. Yes, I know, I saw trombone shorty when I was there,
I've seen him here at at stubbs. Yeah,
but
that's good to know. Yeah,
like roller coasters. I just don't do festivals, like I used to volunteer at a CFS for the first few years and then we went through the Dust bowl one where we went in, they said it was really bad because of all the wind and the dust, and I was like, yeah, it's not that bad. I was coughing up blood balls by the end. It was terrible. I was like, oh no, that's it part
no,
that's the hardest part. O the knees are so bad now from all that standing.
Yes. Yes. Uh Dave chappelle is doing three shows in Austin at Antone's.
I don't know, 100 people maybe. Yeah,
they sold out in seconds. But
he uh he sent several shows here in smaller venues where I think you kind of testing material and stuff. I hope I saw him at uh uh Yeah. Oh paramount anyway, it's it's a smaller then you and he was one of his hilarious
uh Yeah Austin you know Austin is the liberal central of texas. So everybody here is very cognizant of like the when the governor opened all the bars, Travis County did not open up. Uh You basically you had uh uh become a restaurant like 50% of your cells have to be in food or you have a food truck out front and then they could out
at 25% capacity. Which okay, how's the bargain to survive on that?
we're gonna spend all this money to open up and then month like you're gonna set us down again.
Important.
Yeah. Because it was a stupid idea to open them in the first place.
Uh You know, I really question, I probably would have been stupid enough to be down there with them at that age because you think you're
never
die. That's
not
me.
I was
just welcome.
The problem, I don't care if you get it, but don't give it to my immuno compromise mother or I know, I know I didn't know old people, old people were 40. No offense.
The people who actually just turned
thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah. Get off my line.
Yeah. When I was at that party both days, you know, two years ago. Yeah.
Well that's cool. Well
for more time
you
still
I hope so. I hope so. By nearest 2020.
Bye.