SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Okay. And then Mhm. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I can hear you. Can you hear me okay? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you just fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Good. Yourself?
SPEAKER_R: Good. Are you in bed right now?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. I am always at 99 every time I go to bed.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Are you hence?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. No, not at all. I just like my bit.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's okay. I almost went to you from my bedroom.
SPEAKER_L: Don't worry. This is my office, this is my everything.
SPEAKER_R: oh right on yeah that's my second office. I called the bat cave
SPEAKER_L: Hi failure.
SPEAKER_R: but I don't know what you can see here.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. You have an awesome house. What is that
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I like?
SPEAKER_R: a it's a glorified double wide so you look pretty young but this is very eighties. What they do mobile homes like back in the eighties so the really drab uh everyone loves that though, but there are all crystals in the backgrounds. Um We don't have a lot of knickknacks in our house. Just a lot of crystals. Uh
SPEAKER_L: those things for support? Like it feels like they just get in the way, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they are in the way. Yeah if it was up to me I would take that whole thing out because you could you could even expand, there's like a kitchen island right behind that. Um But it be cool if you could knock that out and then people could sit around it too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I thought it would be like you set up like the, you know bar stools and then pass food you know through it. It kind of gets in the way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but we didn't get this place. Uh I don't know if I can show you, hold on, let me see if I can show you the outside. I don't know, you can't see through. Um We got this place for the land, not the house,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I feel you
SPEAKER_R: but I'm in I'm in southern Oregon. Um
SPEAKER_L: Nice. I mean, I mean a suburb of Houston
SPEAKER_R: Oops.
SPEAKER_L: is called Sugarland. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Sugarland in Houston. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: right on uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How do you like Oregon? Have
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: you been
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: there for
SPEAKER_R: hot? Is it hot as balls there too right now?
SPEAKER_L: It is hot as balls, thankfully it is very normal to have centralized a C everywhere in texas. I hear that's not the case everywhere, but we're going
SPEAKER_R: It's not. Um But yeah mine just came on right before um I was speaking with you. Um But I don't try to keep it like at a reasonable setting um when my roommates are gone, so I'm not just spending the money for just me, but
SPEAKER_L: How many roommates you live with?
SPEAKER_R: just to um my partner and then our friend um we lived with him at another location to um But the owner sold the house. Um so we had to find a new place and I didn't think that um finding a place in southern Oregon would be harder than southern California. But apparently it is um.
SPEAKER_L: But you're probably getting more bang for your buck I bet in southern Oregon. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: and um you know Ganges legal here. So we have our own legal grow here. Um You might have seen that down the side way when I was showing you the yard. But um you
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: legally
SPEAKER_L: we for mostly to it, is that we use the land for mostly or what?
SPEAKER_R: Oh no I have my own um kitchen gardens and everything too. And we didn't get, we didn't get here till february. So it was like right before lockdown happened. I'm pretty self self isolate. E as it is anyway because I work from home. But yeah, if you're working from that I was like, oh yeah he's almost in page. Oh my name's jennifer by the way. Everyone calls
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: me fire.
SPEAKER_L: for fire. Okay, I'll
SPEAKER_R: fires
SPEAKER_L: call you fire
SPEAKER_R: my nickname.
SPEAKER_L: two.
SPEAKER_R: What's
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: your name?
SPEAKER_L: name is, my name is Burhanuddin, a little bit tricky
SPEAKER_R: But he added in,
SPEAKER_L: Bahar Mohammed bin.
SPEAKER_R: but Haddin, what
SPEAKER_L: What happened
SPEAKER_R: national, what nationality is that?
SPEAKER_L: Um See I guess
SPEAKER_R: But how to
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: do?
SPEAKER_L: name itself is Arabic um but yeah, I mean like our family is from like India and Pakistan, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: does it mean something?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it doesn't mean something. So it's got two components in this like constructions, it's in like a possessive construction. So the first part is burhan and it means evidence or proof or something like that. And then Dean means faith. So 400 Dean means evidence of faith together. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, I'm sure you've heard other names that have the dean part in it. I just can't think of um, like Jalaluddin or something like that, you know? Yeah, names like that.
SPEAKER_R: I don't have a lot of my friends from foreign countries, they adopt like a boring english name too to save themselves from having to explain it a million times. But like my ex boyfriend was, everyone calls him kong, but he is from Vietnam and it's kung, it's cool kh
SPEAKER_L: parenting.
SPEAKER_R: bong. But like everyone just calls him con like, and that's how he has his facebook thing too because it's easier for him to, is
SPEAKER_L: If people
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: to do that, I can, yeah, I can respect that. But I just have seen no need to, you know,
SPEAKER_R: well had, I didn't
SPEAKER_L: we're handing. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: What kind of work do you do? Is it related to the garden stuff? We're totally unrelated.
SPEAKER_R: no, totally unrelated. Um, I cook and I mean I grow enough for my household. Um, so I, you know, pretty much 75% of what my vegetables, vegetation that I eat is all from my garden. Um And then I mean we're not vegetarians or anything but like simple things like potatoes are super expensive here so I try to grow as many as I can, so I have them through the winter time as well. Um And I have a vacuum sealer, do you know what that is? So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I can
SPEAKER_L: guess.
SPEAKER_R: store things over the winter and so it's so things don't get freezer burn. So say like but like a big pack of something and you know you're not going to eat it right away if you vacuum seal it pulls all the air out and then you don't have to worry about craps pulling. Um But so anyway so I do some software testing sometimes for you test um I'm a gold rated U. X. Tester for them and they'll call me in for like certain jobs. Um But uh I also I'm a project manager for medicinal church and um that space here in Costa rica. Um and well I call him the wizard. But look man I worked with um, he does Iowa Oscar ceremonies and um uh combo ceremonies and buffalo like down in Costa rica and he's actually in lockdown down there. They've had their borders close and they're keeping them closed, august. So um yeah anything medicine related. I'm a huge advocate for like ancient medicines like and the and the right to carry your own medicine. Um And and then what else do I do? Yeah I do I do a bunch of stuff
SPEAKER_L: You've
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: already
SPEAKER_R: then I
SPEAKER_L: think,
SPEAKER_R: am a content an affiliate market or two. So I read a lot of content for other people or myself. And um I'm getting deeper into that and develop my own business. so I don't I don't have to do anything but my own business
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: eventually.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. How are you, were you able to grow things in southern California? Like how do you have the space to do it?
SPEAKER_R: Oh in southern California I um I always managed to have a decent sized house and but like the last place I was at, I was there for four years so I got to really develop the soil and everything to um and in California you can grow year round, I'm in Oregon now, but I was in California for 16 years before that. Um But yeah I was just like missing my meyer lemon tree yesterday like you know being able to just you know not have to spend money like here. Probably the same in Houston or no no not the same in Houston because your citrus would be easier to grow there but um like a dollar per lemon or lime sometimes per not just a twofer deal, like usually it's a two or three for deal but man like that's just you know not what I'm used to and good luck with avocados to like when I see a deal on avocados but you can't just buy a shit ton of them when there's a deal because it will go bad.
SPEAKER_L: because I get all bad. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: we my mom recently or not recently it's been a couple of months maybe like actually might even be years but she bought an avocado plant it's totally dead right now and she's she's bummed about it. We know nothing about planting. We honestly just pay somebody else to plant and then we take the if there is any. But yeah we have like a very meager amount of plants and like I'm just wondering how like people who grow their own shit how are they able to survive on the food that they because they're not just getting it all the time Right?
SPEAKER_R: no but you can um space out what you're growing. So like my tomatoes like I'll grow start some early some later and then some a little later than that. So then I have like a constant flow of tomatoes for you know and here um luckily our winter doesn't get really harsh but for like a couple of months like maybe end of december through january, a little bit of february but we don't get like major snows here. Artichokes grow year round here. Do you know what an artichoke plant looks like
SPEAKER_L: No not at all.
SPEAKER_R: all the beautiful um But they have got these purple flowers at the top. Yeah google that google that shit.
SPEAKER_L: I'm on it yeah
SPEAKER_R: But yeah
SPEAKER_L: I see it
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: Houston um you're as humid there as I was in pennsylvania where I grew up. So you know tomato plants would be amazing there, they love humidity.
SPEAKER_L: So over those over those one or two winter months do you lose the crops and then have to plant it again or how does that work? Okay
SPEAKER_R: will die off, artichoke plants will stay but you don't really get
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: blooming stuff. So um at my new place I just moved in february at my new place I have is a giant garage and I have little baby greenhouses. And then this this winter I'm going to set up a light table so I can still keep things like my um Like for my you know when I'm cooking asian or indian dishes or um uh like my girlfriend's dishes from um Singapore, I use a lot of cilantro um For my asian dishes I use a lot of uh thai basil, mint and cilantro. Um So I like to keep stuff like that growing all all amendment looks like a shit ton of men. I have like one whole bed just filled with mitt.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we are very moderate. We've got like one or two little things coming up. You've got a lot of um curry leaves it's just like I don't know they just go like crazy for some reason but
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: we use
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: them a lot in our cuisine
SPEAKER_R: what leaves?
SPEAKER_L: curry leaves.
SPEAKER_R: Oh curry leaf. So you at least have that that you're not
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: having
SPEAKER_L: least
SPEAKER_R: to buy.
SPEAKER_L: that. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: and I have
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: lemongrass
SPEAKER_L: the,
SPEAKER_R: to the first time this year is the first time I had lemon graphs,
SPEAKER_L: okay. Yeah. What when does it all become worth it? Like you've spent a lot of money on the greenhouses and planting and all that? Like does
SPEAKER_R: C.
SPEAKER_L: it start
SPEAKER_R: C.
SPEAKER_L: paying that?
SPEAKER_R: C. Don't cost that much, do they?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I guess not. But but like if you buy them at the C. Level it takes awhile, right or no.
SPEAKER_R: Um. Yeah but you know starts aren't that expensive either. Like I brought um I spent maybe $30 this year uh
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: stuff that I didn't have yet and since we came here late I knew I was going to be late for planting season. So I was trying to um really the most expensive thing is is your soil like having good soil. But um living with somebody who's grown marijuana for for seven years now literally I have the best soil and the best nutrients one could possibly humanly want. And um you know in pennsylvania our soil was already naturally really good. He would just amend the soil back there but here it's very dry and hard ground. Um not very lush unless you're out on the coast. Um So it's very worth it. Like when you I mean do you, does mom make you go uh cut the curry leaves sometimes? Like isn't a cool
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: feeling like.
SPEAKER_L: It is extremely cool and it's like it just feels endless because for some reason the coca leaves are extremely productive. We
SPEAKER_R: Man
SPEAKER_L: just cut one or two off. You don't even notice it. Yeah. It's always there.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder if I could grow those here probably. I mean you got it. Um This winter is really harsh and Houston. I have never been there in the wintertime, only in the summertime
SPEAKER_L: huh. I've
SPEAKER_R: and it's
SPEAKER_L: only
SPEAKER_R: pretty. Go
SPEAKER_L: I've only
SPEAKER_R: ahead.
SPEAKER_L: seen snow like once or twice so not super harsh.
SPEAKER_R: nice. So you're probably about my level and like right now it's it's about 90. We just don't have the humidity that you have there, which I know all about because I grew up on the East Coast.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're 97 degrees right now. 50% immunity.
SPEAKER_R: Oh shit. All right. I think you got me beat. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How does the house, the weed growing business? Do you, do you sell it or do you just keep it for yourself or how does it work?
SPEAKER_R: it's for ourselves and we have different um you know, it's better. Like I, you know, I'm always gonna want to grow it, but, and you know, grow my own stuff so I don't have to buy stuff that's always going to be a thing till I die. I grew up really poor. So um it's just always like just always something I've done or strive for and like there hasn't been a, I've never lived in a place where I didn't at least have everything in a potted garden if I could have it in the ground. So um But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you can sell locally I think, and you can sell the dispensaries here. Um I'm sure you have them in texas to, is it legalism?
SPEAKER_L: I've seen
SPEAKER_R: Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: One
SPEAKER_L: seen
SPEAKER_R: of the states,
SPEAKER_L: like, I don't know to what level. I'm confident that medicine oh like CBD stuff is illegal because I've seen like CBD like stores or
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: something.
SPEAKER_R: legal everywhere, pretty much. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But I'm not, I don't know 100% what the legality is the
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: rest
SPEAKER_R: old
SPEAKER_L: of it.
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: I am 22.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I thought you looked really young and you still living with mom? Uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: I am at this point. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Mom and dad?
SPEAKER_L: Um, Mom, my dad passed away recently, but
SPEAKER_R: Oh I'm
SPEAKER_L: before
SPEAKER_R: sorry honey,
SPEAKER_L: that we're living together,
SPEAKER_R: I lost my father as well um when I was 21.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry about that. How was that?
SPEAKER_R: horrible.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What are you really close with them?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes, but we never spent a lot of time, I grew up like kind of in a different error than you so um it was I was supposedly his favorite, he was a really neat guy but he wasn't much of a father like he wasn't like there um and I always wanted to spend time with him but there was never that really didn't happen and like I was born in California, I was like the only kid born in California and he was always supposed to take a trip just him and me out there and he never did but he was a really neat man and everybody loved him um But he was like a different person to the outside world and he was like to his family but
SPEAKER_L: understand that completely. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but I miss them all the time. Are you were
SPEAKER_L: As do
SPEAKER_R: you close
SPEAKER_L: I,
SPEAKER_R: with their dad? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I mean, I guess, I guess my father is a little bit more approximately. Uh, yeah. I mean he was always around his premier responsible always, you know, all the things that you can imagine that a father figure, you know, could want to do. He did many of those things, you know, so he took good care of us. Think, I think I can say the same with my father that people outside the family liked him a lot where you know in the family who loved him too. But he just had this very like hypercritical perfectionist part about him that like sometimes it's hard to get along with because he demanded so much of you and I can say easily about myself that I am not nearly perfect. I make lots of mistakes and you know sometimes often I'm careless and don't really make decisions that I should be making or and I don't plan for the future and things like that. So yeah. Yeah he
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: was upset at me rather often.
SPEAKER_R: I'll tell you something right now. And your dad would like this prepare for your future,
SPEAKER_L: One.
SPEAKER_R: don't make them a six that I made, even if you go and put $5 in something that will multiply for the rest of your life, do that now, $5 a week, $5 a month. Even like put something aside for yourself and yourself only if everything else goes to shit then you'll be
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: able to
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: take
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: care of yourself and possibly even your mom in the long run. Um I know like I don't know. Are you in school?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm about to finish. I got some summer classes left but I'm almost done with college.
SPEAKER_R: What what's your what's your major man?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I didn't biochemistry at the U. T. In Austin
SPEAKER_R: Ooh
SPEAKER_L: anyway. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm uh I want to be a teacher and if that doesn't work out or as in like if I do that I don't enjoy it that much. School is always an option
SPEAKER_R: then what school?
SPEAKER_L: medical schools. That was an option. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you probably make a good teacher. Um
SPEAKER_L: I hope so.
SPEAKER_R: When you were saying like like I can see your dad coming through like you're like but I'm not at all perfect, I'm like whoa whoa dude, nobody is like
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: you cannot reach that level so stop, you're beating yourself up still and he's not even there beating you over the head and I am sorry for your loss. I know it's very obviously was uh not too long ago, correct?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just like five months ago from today.
SPEAKER_R: for goodness gracious.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, fortunately it was right before everything started. But yeah weird thing is that my
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: one of my uncles and his wife actually, all three of my uncles had come and one of them got stuck with us so they've been here for three or four months extra. But they've been really good support from my mother.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah thankfully he is like a software that any you know independent contractor kind of guy who can work remotely. So it's not a huge deal economically. But yeah he'd like to be home but can he do that?
SPEAKER_R: Um Are you doing anything during this time besides making some cash on prolific?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah I'm finishing up my classes. I'm learning Farsi I'm looking for jobs otherwise there's a good amount of relaxing in there too. I don't want to say that I'm extremely diligent but yeah. Yeah. You know you said that there's something you said that you grew up a report. How I mean I'm asking from ignorance because honestly I've had a very previous life and what what was that like and when do you think that you could say about yourself that you're not poor and how did you get to that point?
SPEAKER_R: um when you're not eating government cheese shit is horrible. Um But you know, like certain months um where you just eat the same thing over and over again and you know when you're a kid, you don't realize that as much
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: like I could eat peanut butter and jelly until the cows came home, you know, so it wasn't um or you would eat only the things that were, that you knew were the least expensive in the store, you know? Um And we grew a lot of our own food. Um but you know, like when you, you know, we were lucky to have heat, but you weren't allowed to touch that thermometer, like if you were cold, you put more layers on, if you were, you know, and my mom uh was kind of like uh perfectionist in her own way. She was like a white glove inspector. So we were poor, but we didn't seem poor, we weren't like poor white trash like living in a trailer, but we were like just very limited and there was no, there was no family vacations, like we've never taken a family vacation in my whole entire life. That was, that was not a thing in my family. Um going to see my cousins was like the most exciting thing of the year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. What does leisure like? I mean that's totally foreign to me that you know family vacations and I think we used
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: to go
SPEAKER_R: was,
SPEAKER_L: on cruises. We go to visit our family in India and Pakistan. You know what what do you do instead?
SPEAKER_R: I was, I had a great imagination and I was lucky, I was really lucky to grow up in a place where the kids could go all over town and nobody had to worry about them. So I was crawling through creeks and lakes and forests and um I managed to have friends, I was in the Girl Scouts, so I went all over with the Girl Scouts camping. Um I was also in the Boy Scouts uh honorary member. And then I uh and I would do um camp counseling every summer so I'd make sure I'd send myself away to camp for a month or so um during the summer so I could I love teaching kids. So um like I like um singing and um lashing tables together, building fires cooking over the fire, um tracking animals, uh all kinds of stuff like that was also in 44 age. It was because of the stuff that I found for myself where I could create an explorer. Um And I have like a really wild imagination so I could even and I read a lot of books um National Geographics as well. My father always had National Geographics. We had a giant encyclopedia set, so that was where my cultured self began was in National Geographics. And like you know just because of the error of the nation right now. Like I knew what racism was through reading but I didn't know that it was like still a thing in elementary school. Like you don't really put that that together until you experience it firsthand. And then when I experienced it firsthand I was like, I was so upset. I like cried for like three days because I didn't
SPEAKER_L: Do you remember what that was?
SPEAKER_R: yes, it was my uncle saying the N word repeatedly and talking like some really horrible shit while I was down in a at the beach with them on the east coast. And I came back and I was so upset. Like I told my dad about it. Apparently he wasn't talking to with them. And my uncle was a cop for a podunk town that that maybe had like two black people in it. So and then later on like years later then the same guy is on the front, he's chief of police now and on front page news because Jesse Jackson was coming to town. I don't even know if you know who that is,
SPEAKER_L: Is he some guy who was
SPEAKER_R: The reverend.
SPEAKER_L: politician and okay.
SPEAKER_R: reverend, jesse Jackson, Jesse Jackson came to Colombia in pennsylvania and he was the cop who escorted him through town. I was just like, what kidding
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: me? That
SPEAKER_L: the right person
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: for the job?
SPEAKER_R: Are you fucking kidding me? Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, like, um, my mom was a closet racist. I didn't even know it, but that's the family, that uncle was her brother, that's how they were raised, they were raised like that. Apparently my grandfather, like, hopefully you have nice grandparents. Like my the two uh my grandmother's were dear women, 11 died two days after I was born and the other one just, they weren't like normal grandmothers, like some people get doted on and you go places you go stay over grandma's, there was like none of that shit either. Um But you know, my mom came from a very racist background and um but she hid it really well with my father and I didn't dawn on me until years later. Like the one guy I dated in high school was named Jackson and I was excited. I was like, I have a boyfriend, she's like, oh what's his name? Like Jackson Travis. Like I was all excited. Like I thought she was almost like wrecked the car and she goes, is he black? Like she pulled over? I was like no, and I didn't even, you know, and I was in high school, it didn't even think about it, you know? It's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: crazy. But luckily she's not that same person as she was back then. Um So I think she's learned some lessons. I don't think she'd be comfortable still in the room full of giant black men but
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: you know uh there's lots of black Children in the family now so all of a sudden she's like you know changed
SPEAKER_L: deal with
SPEAKER_R: her.
SPEAKER_L: it after. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah like my my even my ex Vietnamese boyfriend, his his mom was pretty race. She did not like black people like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: don't think I don't think we're innocent of any that is from your coming from immigrant families. Uh we have our own maybe it's not as overt and maybe we never none of our ancestors owned slaves but slaves but uh we have but I'm pretty sure you can guess like what a pest I would think if we bought him like a black boyfriend or girlfriend, um they're not happy about it. And even on the street, you know, passing remarks about black people. I mean passing on just about everybody, even people who are, you know, a group we say, well that guy stupid that because you know, he's not good money or whatever and even white people all the time we're giving white people. So you know, it's still some of it I can honestly forgive because like for example, my father, uh, you know, he worked in a very metropolitan center and he worked all kinds of people, but sometimes he would say like really weirdly anti Semitic things at home. Um, but I know for a fact that when he was taking care of patients or when he's working with colleagues, that um, he treated everyone with respect and work with them, you know, continually. So
SPEAKER_R: was he
SPEAKER_L: I don't mean. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't really know how to break down like, like poking fun or like believing in weird things with like, like violent racism, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah it's just not
SPEAKER_L: What do
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: you think?
SPEAKER_R: my D. N. A. Uh My my partner comes from the midwest. He grew up in a very rough place. Um And every once in a while I'll hear him use the N. Word with his best friend who comes about from the same area. I'm just like no not in my fucking house like you can swear all you want but you've got no like I don't even like black people saying the word like you know it just drives me not like it just it like hurts my soul like to hear something and like he I mean we've had lots of conversations about it but he's like well you know they're trying to rename everything now and I was like you might think that that's over the top and yeah it doesn't put a band aid on anything. But imagine growing up like what you know, imagine a world where the next generation grows up and doesn't see um a bunch of racist shit idolized in their
SPEAKER_L: Statues
SPEAKER_R: everyday life,
SPEAKER_L: and universities
SPEAKER_R: statues, names the streets, whatever it is. Like what if what if black was beautiful for the next generation and no one really thought about it because like for me to find out that people were being violated and violently beaten and all that stuff because the color of their skin, like was just way too much for my young soul to handle when I was a kid. Like I just did not grasp that and I still don't I still don't, All I know is that it's deeply ingrained generation to generation and we've done nothing to stop that so far. So anything that can be done to help that situation, it's not going to happen overnight, obviously, how many years has it been since, since white people and black people are allowed to drink out of the same damn water fountain? You know, like it's ridiculous and yeah,
SPEAKER_L: It's hard to imagine that's only one lifetime away. Just, it's shocking. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I know right, But I mean what's the, I guess for me, you know, I'm a total hippie, you know, besides taking showers and so I'm
SPEAKER_L: Taking
SPEAKER_R: not like
SPEAKER_L: showers.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not like the in the movie hippies, but um you know, I just what's the point of living life if you feel that way about other humans living around you? Like I don't get I don't get the wasted energy. Like your dad was a doctor. Like I bet you though like his parents there had to be something like that was passed on to him as well, you know you don't just come up with that shit on your own when you're a kid,
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: unless you're mentally damaged, you know? But you know I've like I was teaching um I have done lots of things in my life, but um I started practicing martial arts when I was was 94 and then a few years later I started teaching and because my seafood said if you don't teach you haven't learned anything. So I started teaching them before I moved out to California. And when I went to Grossmont Junior College in California, I taught kids gymnastics at another place. And then um I taught disabled people uh um water aerobics and and had them working out in the gym and um all kinds of like modified exercises and and that kind of stuff and God I love teaching the water aerobics but um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's okay.
SPEAKER_R: but the amount of oppression that they still get to for being handicapped, like there are still people that think that if you're born deformed or you get deformed you've got the devil in you. Like it's like it's your fault,
SPEAKER_L: That's wild. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: there are still people like that like there's parents that rejected some of these people uh some of these some of them are young to you know some kids that live with their aunt or uncle's like gave a shit and stuff like that, I mean it's brutal.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What kind of fluid is that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: mean?
SPEAKER_R: that you just don't like to form people. Well I mean shit like in africa there's still like isn't there like which doctor shit that you know if a kid uh born with no legs like back in the day you weren't able to like help your family out. So maybe that was considered curse and um you know people there's third world countries where they're still killing, killing people that are deformed and are born differently you know this is where we live in. Who's sad?
SPEAKER_L: I think one of these,
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: one of the things my dad appreciate about living here is that he had mustered dystrophy. So for a good amount of his life he had to, you
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: know, right on scooters
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: or wheelchairs and stuff. And, and at the very least he could get around in most places because he had, he could use his arm so he could drive and you could use his legs for the most part. So he could, you know, you could drive, he could walk with, you know, a little bit and when he was on his wheelchair, he could go everywhere he wanted and he really didn't see that, you know, he was afraid to go to places like Vietnam or europe because he just didn't think that they'll be friendly to friendly, like, like structurally, you know, they're just wouldn't be places that he could actually go with his wheelchair. Uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. I loved um the freeing miss like um people who are in wheelchairs 24 7 when they get in the water with me like sometimes
SPEAKER_L: There must be an experienced.
SPEAKER_R: yeah sometimes they can even move a little bit more than they can in the wheelchair and it's pretty awesome like very freeing for them. And um that would always be like the highlight of their week they said was just floating in the water and doing their little exercises in the water. I miss that sometimes. Um
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: Anyway,
SPEAKER_L: Do you use prolific a lot like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: regularly?
SPEAKER_R: do, I do, because I work from home, so it's easy for me. I'm very discerning about what I do here. Like I really wanted to do this particular project again when they said repeats welcome. I was like, oh, hell yeah, because the first guy I met like was as easy to talk to you as you are and we're probably over our 25 minutes right now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: significantly. M
SPEAKER_R: But um yeah, I'll end soon. I don't know if you're busy. I'm done with work for the day. Oh, actually I have one more prolific thing to do before I go back to the bat cave um because I'm just gonna chill. But yeah, I do a lot. I've made like almost anywhere from 20 to 35 40 a week, like just from prolific. And I, you know, I, one of the reasons that I have my website is to save other people from scams. So like all those survey sites out there, like I only do like one other one and it's just like every three months I'll get a $15 payout, but I won't like rush to do anything for that one. But it's always been consistent for like, I think it's seven years I've been on that same one page viewpoint. But um but that's not, you're not gonna make what you're making it prolific but prolific is like super interesting. You know, I mean some of the shit is repetitive and can be very different, but same thing with you test like I wonder the people who are writing these surveys and test cases, like I know I could do it like 10 times better. I'm like you're asking the wrong questions. I'm like I'm a gold rated you access or for a reason, you know, and but they take my input and stuff. But I basically, you know, if I can make bill money every week from prolific, I will do it. Like it's so interesting to me the different stuff that we do. There's some things that don't, you know, are not exciting. But but this like meeting you is exciting to me. I really enjoy doing stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: I was really, I mean, in addition to the money that they're playing it, I was, I like the freeform kind of aspect. We just talked to somebody for 25 minutes. I would love to do that If I could just do that. But if you could pay me a full time salary would be down to do that.
SPEAKER_R: I know right? I wish I wish
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: we could do this regularly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I wonder if you have any electrics of the trade. How do you maximize your title prolific stuff like that?
SPEAKER_R: Um What I do is I look at the time, well I do a lot of other things to obviously. Um So whatever, like if I see if there's anything like 13 minutes or more that isn't paying me over a dollar in pounds, does I automatically won't do it. And like every once in a while, like if I have a moment like I'll think about, I was like no don't do that, don't do that. You're worth your time is worth more than that. And that's the, you know, this is the first uh place ever that um the first survey type site ever that treats you with respect like you don't get booted out of like and I know that so like you don't get booted out of a survey because they have enough respondents, you know, that never will happen. So if that happens to you, that's a mistake. So all you gotta do is contact the researcher. Um You know you're young so you might not have as many life experiences as I do. But um you know I just is going to sound really weird to say, I don't know if you've lost anybody before your father, but losing somebody matures you really quickly. Um and make sure that when you fill out your about you stuff, keep that up to date if you haven't. And let me see what else I guess. Maybe you know, prolific good. Like how many on average surveys you've been getting per week.
SPEAKER_L: So I've never, I don't actually do it like super diligently. I've only by now I've probably only made like 20 bucks total including this.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have the app
SPEAKER_L: I do not
SPEAKER_R: up?
SPEAKER_L: have that
SPEAKER_R: Up
SPEAKER_L: happening.
SPEAKER_R: up in your toolbar? Okay. So you need to go, you need to put the little shit. Where did I find this? I don't even know. Oh, I
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: to,
SPEAKER_L: a third party thing or is that prolific thing itself?
SPEAKER_R: it's a prolific thing, but it's a little thing that will notify me on
SPEAKER_L: Is it
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: a chrome extension
SPEAKER_R: in my Yes. Thanks so much. What is this
SPEAKER_L: prolific
SPEAKER_R: called?
SPEAKER_L: assistant? Maybe it's that one
SPEAKER_R: prolific assistant. Yes, that's what it is. I just found it.
SPEAKER_L: at the crown.
SPEAKER_R: Can you believe I do some text shit for a living
SPEAKER_L: What is that thing called?
SPEAKER_R: even? I'm surprised sometimes. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: wow. I just got one immediately. A scenario study working Okay. It
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: always
SPEAKER_L: actually,
SPEAKER_R: wanna get in on those ones that are consistent payments? Like are you doing ones like from the start of how when did you find this? When do you find prolific?
SPEAKER_L: oh, I don't know, maybe one or two months ago. I'll pop in maybe like once a week or once every few days. It's not like, yeah, I at least not yet. It's not something that I'm looking for consistently.
SPEAKER_R: If your home a lot. I highly remember I highly recommend having that assistant there because that's how I get all the jobs um from being the first to take a look at it and then I'll have a second to um look at it for a little longer you know and figure out and like once you're in on once you're in on a regularly done study like they've been doing through covid. Like I just I think I I basically scored coming in right before the lockdowns happen because you got in what the start of Covid so they want people from the start all the way through However the hell along this last you know and it's not going away anytime soon. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know they did recurring ones for the, for the same people. Do they, do they reach out to you specifically?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's not just about covid either. There's other ones. Um
SPEAKER_L: Like longitudinal stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah maybe you're in some demographic possibly that they you know I find that because I'm older I might be in a certain demographic that they don't have a lot of but I don't find that as much with prolific with prolific. I think it's a because it's um institutions that are you know college institutions and such and that are doing the research. They really have a broad blanket out there for the for the respondents to take advantage of. And uh I was gonna say sorry my throat is so dry.
SPEAKER_L: Forest.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um Like there's only one that I can recall that they said you know you were sent this survey because you're living with your romantic partner. Like you know like that's that's the only reason that I got that survey apparently. Um And then I was over 18 you
SPEAKER_L: four.
SPEAKER_R: know? Um But besides that like there's really there's so many opportunities and if you have it up there if you're home all the time man like just yeah
SPEAKER_L: Are you generally maximizing like the pay or like you're looking for the ones that pay the most? Or like do you go for short ones usually? Or Arizona?
SPEAKER_R: I do everything you know I will not do an hour long study unless it pays as well as like this one. I won't do it here. Let me look at something really quick. Can you still see me? Okay? Um Since the end of february or the beginning of february I've made a little over $340 in british pounds which is like four.
SPEAKER_L: or 500?
SPEAKER_R: I understand. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so that's some decent bill money, you know? Um And yeah I just don't like wasting my time like with you test um I will not do to functional testing because they waste your time and they don't pay you enough. Um But somebody living in India and they don't even pay they don't even pay a flat right for everybody. Like if the people in India we're working diligently as fuck on the same projects. I was I was there. They're reducing their pay the people
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: that needed more than me. You know I mean I'm not rolling in the dough but you know what I'm saying? Like I know how it is there. Um It pisses me off so I just I I stuck with one team on there and I only work with them and anything outside of that. It has to be some beautiful deal for me. I want to come and work for them again. Yeah that was
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: too
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: much.
SPEAKER_L: what is you accessing? How do you what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: You test um you do a lot of software testing so you're going in there and they're looking for bugs and their programs. Um, here, I'll give you my referral link. I don't, you don't make anything from it, but don't just, um, or I don't make anything from it. Yeah, that's what I think. I wish prolific did that, that you could get compensated um, for referring somebody. Um, and Utah should definitely, they do a thing where um, if you refer people um, oh no, I don't think this one even anyway, it's just you test dot com. I don't think I'm going to, if you, if you refer people to certain projects, you'll get a bonus. Um, so if you have friends that are in school to, that need an extra buck and you know, you referred them out like say they had a particular type of Visa card that they were looking for. Something like that. Like, but I've also tested products. I tested the so knows one gen, two smart speaker and I got to keep that. And um, and I also tested a robe, uh, what is it called? It's a robot vacuum. I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: kept
SPEAKER_L: robot
SPEAKER_R: that to,
SPEAKER_L: or some shit like that.
SPEAKER_R: Um, and I'm not going to tell you any of this, but I don't really care. Um, but I've tested for paypal amazon, um, google or not google, um, Bose speaker, you know, audio systems. A lot of cool shit. Like I've done some cool shit a lot of times. Like if you're doing you X testing, which I highly recommend, especially since you're a good conversationalist, you will be, um, checking out websites while you speak. You know, it'll be recording your voice. Sometimes you record a video like this, like we're doing right now. Um, but I feel like the jobs have gone down considerably. I have, I've made $0 since december, and I consistently was making anywhere from uh 2 to $400 a month with you. Tests
SPEAKER_L: wow that is significant.
SPEAKER_R: entire last year. Yeah. But if you ever was like, you just email me if you have any questions forgot, we're not like best friends. Um But if you want my email, I'm happy to give it to you because that that place you will need to navigate if you want to, if you want to do jobs there, you'll definitely want to ask me questions actually. Here, let me give you my I don't know. You can't you can't they don't have the the personal chats anymore in the community.
SPEAKER_L: I can put your email,
SPEAKER_R: Fuck.
SPEAKER_L: your phone number or whatever you want.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um It's jennifer. Uh Yeah. Do this one, jennifer dot Ziegler, Z.
SPEAKER_L: How do you spell
SPEAKER_R: I.
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: O. U. J E N. N. I. F. E. R. Uh Dot Ziegler's E I E G L. E. R. At Sorry, the number three at gmail dot com.
SPEAKER_L: Let me send you a high and see if you get it. Okay. I sent
SPEAKER_R: All right. The fresh. Oh that's funny. You cast the 70 stuff. See I get I get emails from them all the time for functional tests. Um You know if you don't have that kind of time, like maybe your I'm a little slow though, like it's hard for me to beat other people to getting bugs. You know, I can definitely do it but I can't do it um in rapid fire speed. It's just not how my brain works. I'm a D d like I'd learn by repetition and such. But um
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: so like I could do this kind of thing forever and tell you what my experiences on a website um and how to fix it and what people want to see in a website and its usability and function and all that kind of stuff. But um to have to log things and do a bunch of detailed work because my life is very detailed oriented and charts and graphs and you know, I'm like not, I don't just help out another business and do my own, but I also manage a whole entire house and sanctuary, you know, and gardens. So I don't have time. Like I don't have the patience to do that sort of thing that other people might have more time for. Oh shit. Right. Uh, maybe once my spam. Hold on Christopher. No, that is not it. Are you sure you spelled it? Right?
SPEAKER_L: So I've got J E N N I F E R dot Z E G L E R three at gmail
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: dot
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: com.
SPEAKER_R: are. There you are. Sorry. Third refresh. It worked.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: All right. You're good. Um, Oh yeah, I can see how your, your name is. Bell. Right. You didn't brown? Did I like that? Okay. Alright. We're good.
SPEAKER_L: we are good. Okay do
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: gotta
SPEAKER_L: cancel out of here or what?
SPEAKER_R: um, no, hold on. I think that's what you do. Where did you go? There you are. Um Yeah, I think we just close it. I mean that's obviously well over 25 minutes. Um I think I did last time and then um Oh yeah. You just hit the next era on other people. But is this the first time you've done this?
SPEAKER_L: First time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh right. On. I hope
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: done it?
SPEAKER_R: again. Um This is my second time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I wonder what, I wonder what they're looking for.
SPEAKER_R: I don't I don't know. Hey guys, why are you looking for? We want to know. Um Yeah, because we're not we didn't get a debriefing like you do on some of the surveys
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Maybe it's like a qualitative assessment of how like conversations go between people or something like that
SPEAKER_R: and this and the first one I took was before even the whole uh
SPEAKER_L: covid thing.
SPEAKER_R: No, not before covid, but it was during covid during lockdowns, but before um the marches. So, so it's obviously not a race. They or who knows? Maybe they'll tell us eventually. I don't know. I can write to better up labs. It was very nice to meet you brother and
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Thank you, jennifer.
SPEAKER_R: please ask any questions you need.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: will
SPEAKER_R: problem.
SPEAKER_L: do. Thank you.