Oh I can hear you. Can you hear me okay? Mhm.
Yeah. How you doing?
Good. Are you in bed right now?
Oh yeah. Are you hence?
Oh that's okay. I almost went to you from my bedroom.
oh right on yeah that's my second office. I called the bat cave
but I don't know what you can see here.
It's
a it's a glorified double wide so you look pretty young but this is very eighties. What they do mobile homes like back in the eighties so the really drab uh everyone loves that though, but there are all crystals in the backgrounds. Um We don't have a lot of knickknacks in our house. Just a lot of crystals. Uh
Yeah they are in the way. Yeah if it was up to me I would take that whole thing out because you could you could even expand, there's like a kitchen island right behind that. Um But it be cool if you could knock that out and then people could sit around it too.
Yeah but we didn't get this place. Uh I don't know if I can show you, hold on, let me see if I can show you the outside. I don't know, you can't see through. Um We got this place for the land, not the house,
but I'm in I'm in southern Oregon. Um
Oops.
Uh Sugarland in Houston. Oh
right on uh
is
it
hot? Is it hot as balls there too right now?
It's not. Um But yeah mine just came on right before um I was speaking with you. Um But I don't try to keep it like at a reasonable setting um when my roommates are gone, so I'm not just spending the money for just me, but
just to um my partner and then our friend um we lived with him at another location to um But the owner sold the house. Um so we had to find a new place and I didn't think that um finding a place in southern Oregon would be harder than southern California. But apparently it is um.
yeah
and um you know Ganges legal here. So we have our own legal grow here. Um You might have seen that down the side way when I was showing you the yard. But um you
can
legally
Oh no I have my own um kitchen gardens and everything too. And we didn't get, we didn't get here till february. So it was like right before lockdown happened. I'm pretty self self isolate. E as it is anyway because I work from home. But yeah, if you're working from that I was like, oh yeah he's almost in page. Oh my name's jennifer by the way. Everyone calls
me fire.
fires
my nickname.
What's
your name?
But he added in,
but Haddin, what
national, what nationality is that?
But how to
do?
does it mean something?
Oh, that's
I don't have a lot of my friends from foreign countries, they adopt like a boring english name too to save themselves from having to explain it a million times. But like my ex boyfriend was, everyone calls him kong, but he is from Vietnam and it's kung, it's cool kh
bong. But like everyone just calls him con like, and that's how he has his facebook thing too because it's easier for him to, is
that
it
well had, I didn't
mm
no, totally unrelated. Um, I cook and I mean I grow enough for my household. Um, so I, you know, pretty much 75% of what my vegetables, vegetation that I eat is all from my garden. Um And then I mean we're not vegetarians or anything but like simple things like potatoes are super expensive here so I try to grow as many as I can, so I have them through the winter time as well. Um And I have a vacuum sealer, do you know what that is? So
I can
store things over the winter and so it's so things don't get freezer burn. So say like but like a big pack of something and you know you're not going to eat it right away if you vacuum seal it pulls all the air out and then you don't have to worry about craps pulling. Um But so anyway so I do some software testing sometimes for you test um I'm a gold rated U. X. Tester for them and they'll call me in for like certain jobs. Um But uh I also I'm a project manager for medicinal church and um that space here in Costa rica. Um and well I call him the wizard. But look man I worked with um, he does Iowa Oscar ceremonies and um uh combo ceremonies and buffalo like down in Costa rica and he's actually in lockdown down there. They've had their borders close and they're keeping them closed, august. So um yeah anything medicine related. I'm a huge advocate for like ancient medicines like and the and the right to carry your own medicine. Um And and then what else do I do? Yeah I do I do a bunch of stuff
and
then I
am a content an affiliate market or two. So I read a lot of content for other people or myself. And um I'm getting deeper into that and develop my own business. so I don't I don't have to do anything but my own business
eventually.
Oh in southern California I um I always managed to have a decent sized house and but like the last place I was at, I was there for four years so I got to really develop the soil and everything to um and in California you can grow year round, I'm in Oregon now, but I was in California for 16 years before that. Um But yeah I was just like missing my meyer lemon tree yesterday like you know being able to just you know not have to spend money like here. Probably the same in Houston or no no not the same in Houston because your citrus would be easier to grow there but um like a dollar per lemon or lime sometimes per not just a twofer deal, like usually it's a two or three for deal but man like that's just you know not what I'm used to and good luck with avocados to like when I see a deal on avocados but you can't just buy a shit ton of them when there's a deal because it will go bad.
Well
no but you can um space out what you're growing. So like my tomatoes like I'll grow start some early some later and then some a little later than that. So then I have like a constant flow of tomatoes for you know and here um luckily our winter doesn't get really harsh but for like a couple of months like maybe end of december through january, a little bit of february but we don't get like major snows here. Artichokes grow year round here. Do you know what an artichoke plant looks like
all the beautiful um But they have got these purple flowers at the top. Yeah google that google that shit.
But yeah
I
mean
Houston um you're as humid there as I was in pennsylvania where I grew up. So you know tomato plants would be amazing there, they love humidity.
will die off, artichoke plants will stay but you don't really get
blooming stuff. So um at my new place I just moved in february at my new place I have is a giant garage and I have little baby greenhouses. And then this this winter I'm going to set up a light table so I can still keep things like my um Like for my you know when I'm cooking asian or indian dishes or um uh like my girlfriend's dishes from um Singapore, I use a lot of cilantro um For my asian dishes I use a lot of uh thai basil, mint and cilantro. Um So I like to keep stuff like that growing all all amendment looks like a shit ton of men. I have like one whole bed just filled with mitt.
Well
what
what leaves?
Oh curry leaf. So you at least have that that you're not
having
to buy.
and I have
lemongrass
to the first time this year is the first time I had lemon graphs,
C.
C.
C. Don't cost that much, do they?
Um. Yeah but you know starts aren't that expensive either. Like I brought um I spent maybe $30 this year uh
stuff that I didn't have yet and since we came here late I knew I was going to be late for planting season. So I was trying to um really the most expensive thing is is your soil like having good soil. But um living with somebody who's grown marijuana for for seven years now literally I have the best soil and the best nutrients one could possibly humanly want. And um you know in pennsylvania our soil was already naturally really good. He would just amend the soil back there but here it's very dry and hard ground. Um not very lush unless you're out on the coast. Um So it's very worth it. Like when you I mean do you, does mom make you go uh cut the curry leaves sometimes? Like isn't a cool
feeling like.
Man
I wonder if I could grow those here probably. I mean you got it. Um This winter is really harsh and Houston. I have never been there in the wintertime, only in the summertime
and it's
pretty. Go
ahead.
nice. So you're probably about my level and like right now it's it's about 90. We just don't have the humidity that you have there, which I know all about because I grew up on the East Coast.
Oh shit. All right. I think you got me beat. Yeah.
it's for ourselves and we have different um you know, it's better. Like I, you know, I'm always gonna want to grow it, but, and you know, grow my own stuff so I don't have to buy stuff that's always going to be a thing till I die. I grew up really poor. So um it's just always like just always something I've done or strive for and like there hasn't been a, I've never lived in a place where I didn't at least have everything in a potted garden if I could have it in the ground. So um But
yeah, you can sell locally I think, and you can sell the dispensaries here. Um I'm sure you have them in texas to, is it legalism?
Sorry?
One
of the states,
that's
legal everywhere, pretty much. Mhm.
How
old
are you?
Oh I thought you looked really young and you still living with mom? Uh
huh.
Uh Mom and dad?
Oh I'm
sorry honey,
I lost my father as well um when I was 21.
horrible.
Yeah. Yes, but we never spent a lot of time, I grew up like kind of in a different error than you so um it was I was supposedly his favorite, he was a really neat guy but he wasn't much of a father like he wasn't like there um and I always wanted to spend time with him but there was never that really didn't happen and like I was born in California, I was like the only kid born in California and he was always supposed to take a trip just him and me out there and he never did but he was a really neat man and everybody loved him um But he was like a different person to the outside world and he was like to his family but
but I miss them all the time. Are you were
you close
with their dad? Yeah
my
I'll tell you something right now. And your dad would like this prepare for your future,
don't make them a six that I made, even if you go and put $5 in something that will multiply for the rest of your life, do that now, $5 a week, $5 a month. Even like put something aside for yourself and yourself only if everything else goes to shit then you'll be
able to
take
care of yourself and possibly even your mom in the long run. Um I know like I don't know. Are you in school?
What what's your what's your major man?
Ooh
then what school?
you probably make a good teacher. Um
When you were saying like like I can see your dad coming through like you're like but I'm not at all perfect, I'm like whoa whoa dude, nobody is like
you cannot reach that level so stop, you're beating yourself up still and he's not even there beating you over the head and I am sorry for your loss. I know it's very obviously was uh not too long ago, correct?
for goodness gracious.
go.
Oh that's awesome.
Um Are you doing anything during this time besides making some cash on prolific?
um when you're not eating government cheese shit is horrible. Um But you know, like certain months um where you just eat the same thing over and over again and you know when you're a kid, you don't realize that as much
like I could eat peanut butter and jelly until the cows came home, you know, so it wasn't um or you would eat only the things that were, that you knew were the least expensive in the store, you know? Um And we grew a lot of our own food. Um but you know, like when you, you know, we were lucky to have heat, but you weren't allowed to touch that thermometer, like if you were cold, you put more layers on, if you were, you know, and my mom uh was kind of like uh perfectionist in her own way. She was like a white glove inspector. So we were poor, but we didn't seem poor, we weren't like poor white trash like living in a trailer, but we were like just very limited and there was no, there was no family vacations, like we've never taken a family vacation in my whole entire life. That was, that was not a thing in my family. Um going to see my cousins was like the most exciting thing of the year.
There
was,
I was, I had a great imagination and I was lucky, I was really lucky to grow up in a place where the kids could go all over town and nobody had to worry about them. So I was crawling through creeks and lakes and forests and um I managed to have friends, I was in the Girl Scouts, so I went all over with the Girl Scouts camping. Um I was also in the Boy Scouts uh honorary member. And then I uh and I would do um camp counseling every summer so I'd make sure I'd send myself away to camp for a month or so um during the summer so I could I love teaching kids. So um like I like um singing and um lashing tables together, building fires cooking over the fire, um tracking animals, uh all kinds of stuff like that was also in 44 age. It was because of the stuff that I found for myself where I could create an explorer. Um And I have like a really wild imagination so I could even and I read a lot of books um National Geographics as well. My father always had National Geographics. We had a giant encyclopedia set, so that was where my cultured self began was in National Geographics. And like you know just because of the error of the nation right now. Like I knew what racism was through reading but I didn't know that it was like still a thing in elementary school. Like you don't really put that that together until you experience it firsthand. And then when I experienced it firsthand I was like, I was so upset. I like cried for like three days because I didn't
yes, it was my uncle saying the N word repeatedly and talking like some really horrible shit while I was down in a at the beach with them on the east coast. And I came back and I was so upset. Like I told my dad about it. Apparently he wasn't talking to with them. And my uncle was a cop for a podunk town that that maybe had like two black people in it. So and then later on like years later then the same guy is on the front, he's chief of police now and on front page news because Jesse Jackson was coming to town. I don't even know if you know who that is,
The reverend.
reverend, jesse Jackson, Jesse Jackson came to Colombia in pennsylvania and he was the cop who escorted him through town. I was just like, what kidding
me? That
What?
Are you fucking kidding me? Um
So yeah, like, um, my mom was a closet racist. I didn't even know it, but that's the family, that uncle was her brother, that's how they were raised, they were raised like that. Apparently my grandfather, like, hopefully you have nice grandparents. Like my the two uh my grandmother's were dear women, 11 died two days after I was born and the other one just, they weren't like normal grandmothers, like some people get doted on and you go places you go stay over grandma's, there was like none of that shit either. Um But you know, my mom came from a very racist background and um but she hid it really well with my father and I didn't dawn on me until years later. Like the one guy I dated in high school was named Jackson and I was excited. I was like, I have a boyfriend, she's like, oh what's his name? Like Jackson Travis. Like I was all excited. Like I thought she was almost like wrecked the car and she goes, is he black? Like she pulled over? I was like no, and I didn't even, you know, and I was in high school, it didn't even think about it, you know? It's
crazy. But luckily she's not that same person as she was back then. Um So I think she's learned some lessons. I don't think she'd be comfortable still in the room full of giant black men but
you know uh there's lots of black Children in the family now so all of a sudden she's like you know changed
her.
But yeah like my my even my ex Vietnamese boyfriend, his his mom was pretty race. She did not like black people like
it's
just
crazy.
was he
Oh yeah it's just not
in
my D. N. A. Uh My my partner comes from the midwest. He grew up in a very rough place. Um And every once in a while I'll hear him use the N. Word with his best friend who comes about from the same area. I'm just like no not in my fucking house like you can swear all you want but you've got no like I don't even like black people saying the word like you know it just drives me not like it just it like hurts my soul like to hear something and like he I mean we've had lots of conversations about it but he's like well you know they're trying to rename everything now and I was like you might think that that's over the top and yeah it doesn't put a band aid on anything. But imagine growing up like what you know, imagine a world where the next generation grows up and doesn't see um a bunch of racist shit idolized in their
everyday life,
statues, names the streets, whatever it is. Like what if what if black was beautiful for the next generation and no one really thought about it because like for me to find out that people were being violated and violently beaten and all that stuff because the color of their skin, like was just way too much for my young soul to handle when I was a kid. Like I just did not grasp that and I still don't I still don't, All I know is that it's deeply ingrained generation to generation and we've done nothing to stop that so far. So anything that can be done to help that situation, it's not going to happen overnight, obviously, how many years has it been since, since white people and black people are allowed to drink out of the same damn water fountain? You know, like it's ridiculous and yeah,
I know right, But I mean what's the, I guess for me, you know, I'm a total hippie, you know, besides taking showers and so I'm
not like
I'm not like the in the movie hippies, but um you know, I just what's the point of living life if you feel that way about other humans living around you? Like I don't get I don't get the wasted energy. Like your dad was a doctor. Like I bet you though like his parents there had to be something like that was passed on to him as well, you know you don't just come up with that shit on your own when you're a kid,
I'm sorry
unless you're mentally damaged, you know? But you know I've like I was teaching um I have done lots of things in my life, but um I started practicing martial arts when I was was 94 and then a few years later I started teaching and because my seafood said if you don't teach you haven't learned anything. So I started teaching them before I moved out to California. And when I went to Grossmont Junior College in California, I taught kids gymnastics at another place. And then um I taught disabled people uh um water aerobics and and had them working out in the gym and um all kinds of like modified exercises and and that kind of stuff and God I love teaching the water aerobics but um
but the amount of oppression that they still get to for being handicapped, like there are still people that think that if you're born deformed or you get deformed you've got the devil in you. Like it's like it's your fault,
there are still people like that like there's parents that rejected some of these people uh some of these some of them are young to you know some kids that live with their aunt or uncle's like gave a shit and stuff like that, I mean it's brutal.
I
know
that you just don't like to form people. Well I mean shit like in africa there's still like isn't there like which doctor shit that you know if a kid uh born with no legs like back in the day you weren't able to like help your family out. So maybe that was considered curse and um you know people there's third world countries where they're still killing, killing people that are deformed and are born differently you know this is where we live in. Who's sad?
Nothing.
I'm
sorry.
Uh huh. Yeah. I loved um the freeing miss like um people who are in wheelchairs 24 7 when they get in the water with me like sometimes
yeah sometimes they can even move a little bit more than they can in the wheelchair and it's pretty awesome like very freeing for them. And um that would always be like the highlight of their week they said was just floating in the water and doing their little exercises in the water. I miss that sometimes. Um
Anyway,
I
do, I do, because I work from home, so it's easy for me. I'm very discerning about what I do here. Like I really wanted to do this particular project again when they said repeats welcome. I was like, oh, hell yeah, because the first guy I met like was as easy to talk to you as you are and we're probably over our 25 minutes right now. Yeah.
But um yeah, I'll end soon. I don't know if you're busy. I'm done with work for the day. Oh, actually I have one more prolific thing to do before I go back to the bat cave um because I'm just gonna chill. But yeah, I do a lot. I've made like almost anywhere from 20 to 35 40 a week, like just from prolific. And I, you know, I, one of the reasons that I have my website is to save other people from scams. So like all those survey sites out there, like I only do like one other one and it's just like every three months I'll get a $15 payout, but I won't like rush to do anything for that one. But it's always been consistent for like, I think it's seven years I've been on that same one page viewpoint. But um but that's not, you're not gonna make what you're making it prolific but prolific is like super interesting. You know, I mean some of the shit is repetitive and can be very different, but same thing with you test like I wonder the people who are writing these surveys and test cases, like I know I could do it like 10 times better. I'm like you're asking the wrong questions. I'm like I'm a gold rated you access or for a reason, you know, and but they take my input and stuff. But I basically, you know, if I can make bill money every week from prolific, I will do it. Like it's so interesting to me the different stuff that we do. There's some things that don't, you know, are not exciting. But but this like meeting you is exciting to me. I really enjoy doing stuff like that.
I know right? I wish I wish
we could do this regularly.
Um What I do is I look at the time, well I do a lot of other things to obviously. Um So whatever, like if I see if there's anything like 13 minutes or more that isn't paying me over a dollar in pounds, does I automatically won't do it. And like every once in a while, like if I have a moment like I'll think about, I was like no don't do that, don't do that. You're worth your time is worth more than that. And that's the, you know, this is the first uh place ever that um the first survey type site ever that treats you with respect like you don't get booted out of like and I know that so like you don't get booted out of a survey because they have enough respondents, you know, that never will happen. So if that happens to you, that's a mistake. So all you gotta do is contact the researcher. Um You know you're young so you might not have as many life experiences as I do. But um you know I just is going to sound really weird to say, I don't know if you've lost anybody before your father, but losing somebody matures you really quickly. Um and make sure that when you fill out your about you stuff, keep that up to date if you haven't. And let me see what else I guess. Maybe you know, prolific good. Like how many on average surveys you've been getting per week.
Do you have the app
up?
Up
up in your toolbar? Okay. So you need to go, you need to put the little shit. Where did I find this? I don't even know. Oh, I
got
to,
it's a prolific thing, but it's a little thing that will notify me on
my
in my Yes. Thanks so much. What is this
called?
prolific assistant. Yes, that's what it is. I just found it.
Can you believe I do some text shit for a living
even? I'm surprised sometimes. Mhm.
you
always
wanna get in on those ones that are consistent payments? Like are you doing ones like from the start of how when did you find this? When do you find prolific?
If your home a lot. I highly remember I highly recommend having that assistant there because that's how I get all the jobs um from being the first to take a look at it and then I'll have a second to um look at it for a little longer you know and figure out and like once you're in on once you're in on a regularly done study like they've been doing through covid. Like I just I think I I basically scored coming in right before the lockdowns happen because you got in what the start of Covid so they want people from the start all the way through However the hell along this last you know and it's not going away anytime soon. Mm.
Yeah. And it's not just about covid either. There's other ones. Um
Um Yeah maybe you're in some demographic possibly that they you know I find that because I'm older I might be in a certain demographic that they don't have a lot of but I don't find that as much with prolific with prolific. I think it's a because it's um institutions that are you know college institutions and such and that are doing the research. They really have a broad blanket out there for the for the respondents to take advantage of. And uh I was gonna say sorry my throat is so dry.
Mhm. Um Like there's only one that I can recall that they said you know you were sent this survey because you're living with your romantic partner. Like you know like that's that's the only reason that I got that survey apparently. Um And then I was over 18 you
know? Um But besides that like there's really there's so many opportunities and if you have it up there if you're home all the time man like just yeah
I do everything you know I will not do an hour long study unless it pays as well as like this one. I won't do it here. Let me look at something really quick. Can you still see me? Okay? Um Since the end of february or the beginning of february I've made a little over $340 in british pounds which is like four.
I understand. Yeah
so that's some decent bill money, you know? Um And yeah I just don't like wasting my time like with you test um I will not do to functional testing because they waste your time and they don't pay you enough. Um But somebody living in India and they don't even pay they don't even pay a flat right for everybody. Like if the people in India we're working diligently as fuck on the same projects. I was I was there. They're reducing their pay the people
that needed more than me. You know I mean I'm not rolling in the dough but you know what I'm saying? Like I know how it is there. Um It pisses me off so I just I I stuck with one team on there and I only work with them and anything outside of that. It has to be some beautiful deal for me. I want to come and work for them again. Yeah that was
just
too
much.
You test um you do a lot of software testing so you're going in there and they're looking for bugs and their programs. Um, here, I'll give you my referral link. I don't, you don't make anything from it, but don't just, um, or I don't make anything from it. Yeah, that's what I think. I wish prolific did that, that you could get compensated um, for referring somebody. Um, and Utah should definitely, they do a thing where um, if you refer people um, oh no, I don't think this one even anyway, it's just you test dot com. I don't think I'm going to, if you, if you refer people to certain projects, you'll get a bonus. Um, so if you have friends that are in school to, that need an extra buck and you know, you referred them out like say they had a particular type of Visa card that they were looking for. Something like that. Like, but I've also tested products. I tested the so knows one gen, two smart speaker and I got to keep that. And um, and I also tested a robe, uh, what is it called? It's a robot vacuum. I
kept
that to,
Um, and I'm not going to tell you any of this, but I don't really care. Um, but I've tested for paypal amazon, um, google or not google, um, Bose speaker, you know, audio systems. A lot of cool shit. Like I've done some cool shit a lot of times. Like if you're doing you X testing, which I highly recommend, especially since you're a good conversationalist, you will be, um, checking out websites while you speak. You know, it'll be recording your voice. Sometimes you record a video like this, like we're doing right now. Um, but I feel like the jobs have gone down considerably. I have, I've made $0 since december, and I consistently was making anywhere from uh 2 to $400 a month with you. Tests
entire last year. Yeah. But if you ever was like, you just email me if you have any questions forgot, we're not like best friends. Um But if you want my email, I'm happy to give it to you because that that place you will need to navigate if you want to, if you want to do jobs there, you'll definitely want to ask me questions actually. Here, let me give you my I don't know. You can't you can't they don't have the the personal chats anymore in the community.
Fuck.
Okay. Um It's jennifer. Uh Yeah. Do this one, jennifer dot Ziegler, Z.
I.
O. U. J E N. N. I. F. E. R. Uh Dot Ziegler's E I E G L. E. R. At Sorry, the number three at gmail dot com.
All right. The fresh. Oh that's funny. You cast the 70 stuff. See I get I get emails from them all the time for functional tests. Um You know if you don't have that kind of time, like maybe your I'm a little slow though, like it's hard for me to beat other people to getting bugs. You know, I can definitely do it but I can't do it um in rapid fire speed. It's just not how my brain works. I'm a D d like I'd learn by repetition and such. But um
so like I could do this kind of thing forever and tell you what my experiences on a website um and how to fix it and what people want to see in a website and its usability and function and all that kind of stuff. But um to have to log things and do a bunch of detailed work because my life is very detailed oriented and charts and graphs and you know, I'm like not, I don't just help out another business and do my own, but I also manage a whole entire house and sanctuary, you know, and gardens. So I don't have time. Like I don't have the patience to do that sort of thing that other people might have more time for. Oh shit. Right. Uh, maybe once my spam. Hold on Christopher. No, that is not it. Are you sure you spelled it? Right?
there
you
are. There you are. Sorry. Third refresh. It worked.
All right. You're good. Um, Oh yeah, I can see how your, your name is. Bell. Right. You didn't brown? Did I like that? Okay. Alright. We're good.
I
gotta
um, no, hold on. I think that's what you do. Where did you go? There you are. Um Yeah, I think we just close it. I mean that's obviously well over 25 minutes. Um I think I did last time and then um Oh yeah. You just hit the next era on other people. But is this the first time you've done this?
Oh right. On. I hope
we
get
again. Um This is my second time. Yeah.
I don't I don't know. Hey guys, why are you looking for? We want to know. Um Yeah, because we're not we didn't get a debriefing like you do on some of the surveys
and this and the first one I took was before even the whole uh
No, not before covid, but it was during covid during lockdowns, but before um the marches. So, so it's obviously not a race. They or who knows? Maybe they'll tell us eventually. I don't know. I can write to better up labs. It was very nice to meet you brother and
please ask any questions you need.
No
problem.