Mhm. Okay. And then Mhm. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh.
I can hear you just fine.
Good. Yourself?
Yes. I am always at 99 every time I go to bed.
Okay. No, not at all. I just like my bit.
Don't worry. This is my office, this is my everything.
Hi failure.
Yes. You have an awesome house. What is that
I like?
those things for support? Like it feels like they just get in the way, you know?
Yeah. I thought it would be like you set up like the, you know bar stools and then pass food you know through it. It kind of gets in the way. Yeah.
Okay. I feel you
Nice. I mean, I mean a suburb of Houston
is called Sugarland. Okay.
Uh huh.
Yeah. How do you like Oregon? Have
you been
there for
It is hot as balls, thankfully it is very normal to have centralized a C everywhere in texas. I hear that's not the case everywhere, but we're going
How many roommates you live with?
But you're probably getting more bang for your buck I bet in southern Oregon. Yeah.
Mhm.
Is
that
we for mostly to it, is that we use the land for mostly or what?
And
for fire. Okay, I'll
call you fire
two.
My
name is, my name is Burhanuddin, a little bit tricky
Bahar Mohammed bin.
What happened
Um See I guess
the
name itself is Arabic um but yeah, I mean like our family is from like India and Pakistan, so yeah.
Yeah, it doesn't mean something. So it's got two components in this like constructions, it's in like a possessive construction. So the first part is burhan and it means evidence or proof or something like that. And then Dean means faith. So 400 Dean means evidence of faith together. Yeah.
And yeah, I'm sure you've heard other names that have the dean part in it. I just can't think of um, like Jalaluddin or something like that, you know? Yeah, names like that.
parenting.
If people
want
to do that, I can, yeah, I can respect that. But I just have seen no need to, you know,
we're handing. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
What kind of work do you do? Is it related to the garden stuff? We're totally unrelated.
I
guess.
You've
already
think,
You know,
yeah. How are you, were you able to grow things in southern California? Like how do you have the space to do it?
because I get all bad. Yeah
we my mom recently or not recently it's been a couple of months maybe like actually might even be years but she bought an avocado plant it's totally dead right now and she's she's bummed about it. We know nothing about planting. We honestly just pay somebody else to plant and then we take the if there is any. But yeah we have like a very meager amount of plants and like I'm just wondering how like people who grow their own shit how are they able to survive on the food that they because they're not just getting it all the time Right?
No not at all.
I'm on it yeah
I see it
it's
beautiful.
So over those over those one or two winter months do you lose the crops and then have to plant it again or how does that work? Okay
we
Yeah we are very moderate. We've got like one or two little things coming up. You've got a lot of um curry leaves it's just like I don't know they just go like crazy for some reason but
we use
them a lot in our cuisine
curry leaves.
at
least
that. Yeah
that's
the,
okay. Yeah. What when does it all become worth it? Like you've spent a lot of money on the greenhouses and planting and all that? Like does
it start
paying that?
Okay. I guess not. But but like if you buy them at the C. Level it takes awhile, right or no.
wow.
Yeah.
It is extremely cool and it's like it just feels endless because for some reason the coca leaves are extremely productive. We
just cut one or two off. You don't even notice it. Yeah. It's always there.
huh. I've
only
I've only
seen snow like once or twice so not super harsh.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're 97 degrees right now. 50% immunity.
How does the house, the weed growing business? Do you, do you sell it or do you just keep it for yourself or how does it work?
Yeah.
I've seen
I've
seen
like, I don't know to what level. I'm confident that medicine oh like CBD stuff is illegal because I've seen like CBD like stores or
something.
But I'm not, I don't know 100% what the legality is the
rest
of it.
I am 22.
yeah,
I am at this point. Yeah.
Um, Mom, my dad passed away recently, but
before
that we're living together,
I'm sorry about that. How was that?
Yeah. What are you really close with them?
understand that completely. Yeah.
As do
I,
yeah. I mean, I guess, I guess my father is a little bit more approximately. Uh, yeah. I mean he was always around his premier responsible always, you know, all the things that you can imagine that a father figure, you know, could want to do. He did many of those things, you know, so he took good care of us. Think, I think I can say the same with my father that people outside the family liked him a lot where you know in the family who loved him too. But he just had this very like hypercritical perfectionist part about him that like sometimes it's hard to get along with because he demanded so much of you and I can say easily about myself that I am not nearly perfect. I make lots of mistakes and you know sometimes often I'm careless and don't really make decisions that I should be making or and I don't plan for the future and things like that. So yeah. Yeah he
was upset at me rather often.
One.
You
got
here
Um I'm about to finish. I got some summer classes left but I'm almost done with college.
Mhm. I didn't biochemistry at the U. T. In Austin
anyway. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm uh I want to be a teacher and if that doesn't work out or as in like if I do that I don't enjoy it that much. School is always an option
medical schools. That was an option. Mhm.
I hope so.
All
Yeah. Just like five months ago from today.
Yeah, fortunately it was right before everything started. But yeah weird thing is that my
one of my uncles and his wife actually, all three of my uncles had come and one of them got stuck with us so they've been here for three or four months extra. But they've been really good support from my mother.
Yeah thankfully he is like a software that any you know independent contractor kind of guy who can work remotely. So it's not a huge deal economically. But yeah he'd like to be home but can he do that?
Uh Yeah I'm finishing up my classes. I'm learning Farsi I'm looking for jobs otherwise there's a good amount of relaxing in there too. I don't want to say that I'm extremely diligent but yeah. Yeah. You know you said that there's something you said that you grew up a report. How I mean I'm asking from ignorance because honestly I've had a very previous life and what what was that like and when do you think that you could say about yourself that you're not poor and how did you get to that point?
Hey.
Yeah. Yeah. What does leisure like? I mean that's totally foreign to me that you know family vacations and I think we used
to go
on cruises. We go to visit our family in India and Pakistan. You know what what do you do instead?
Do you remember what that was?
Is he some guy who was
politician and okay.
Not
the right person
for the job?
Yeah.
that's
No
deal with
it after. Yeah.
I
mean
I
don't think I don't think we're innocent of any that is from your coming from immigrant families. Uh we have our own maybe it's not as overt and maybe we never none of our ancestors owned slaves but slaves but uh we have but I'm pretty sure you can guess like what a pest I would think if we bought him like a black boyfriend or girlfriend, um they're not happy about it. And even on the street, you know, passing remarks about black people. I mean passing on just about everybody, even people who are, you know, a group we say, well that guy stupid that because you know, he's not good money or whatever and even white people all the time we're giving white people. So you know, it's still some of it I can honestly forgive because like for example, my father, uh, you know, he worked in a very metropolitan center and he worked all kinds of people, but sometimes he would say like really weirdly anti Semitic things at home. Um, but I know for a fact that when he was taking care of patients or when he's working with colleagues, that um, he treated everyone with respect and work with them, you know, continually. So
I don't mean. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't really know how to break down like, like poking fun or like believing in weird things with like, like violent racism, you know?
What do
you think?
Statues
and universities
It's hard to imagine that's only one lifetime away. Just, it's shocking. Yeah.
Taking
showers.
definitely
not.
Yeah. That's okay.
That's wild. Yeah.
Yeah. What kind of fluid is that
I
mean?
I think one of these,
one of the things my dad appreciate about living here is that he had mustered dystrophy. So for a good amount of his life he had to, you
know, right on scooters
or wheelchairs and stuff. And, and at the very least he could get around in most places because he had, he could use his arm so he could drive and you could use his legs for the most part. So he could, you know, you could drive, he could walk with, you know, a little bit and when he was on his wheelchair, he could go everywhere he wanted and he really didn't see that, you know, he was afraid to go to places like Vietnam or europe because he just didn't think that they'll be friendly to friendly, like, like structurally, you know, they're just wouldn't be places that he could actually go with his wheelchair. Uh Yeah.
There must be an experienced.
wow.
Do you use prolific a lot like
regularly?
significantly. M
I was really, I mean, in addition to the money that they're playing it, I was, I like the freeform kind of aspect. We just talked to somebody for 25 minutes. I would love to do that If I could just do that. But if you could pay me a full time salary would be down to do that.
What?
Yeah. I wonder if you have any electrics of the trade. How do you maximize your title prolific stuff like that?
So I've never, I don't actually do it like super diligently. I've only by now I've probably only made like 20 bucks total including this.
I do not
have that
happening.
Is
it
a third party thing or is that prolific thing itself?
Is it
a chrome extension
prolific
assistant? Maybe it's that one
at the crown.
What is that thing called?
wow. I just got one immediately. A scenario study working Okay. It
was
actually,
oh, I don't know, maybe one or two months ago. I'll pop in maybe like once a week or once every few days. It's not like, yeah, I at least not yet. It's not something that I'm looking for consistently.
I didn't know they did recurring ones for the, for the same people. Do they, do they reach out to you specifically?
Like longitudinal stuff.
Forest.
four.
Are you generally maximizing like the pay or like you're looking for the ones that pay the most? Or like do you go for short ones usually? Or Arizona?
or 500?
uh huh. Yeah.
because
What
is
that
what is you accessing? How do you what do you do?
I
robot
or some shit like that.
wow that is significant.
I can put your email,
your phone number or whatever you want.
How do you spell
that?
Let me send you a high and see if you get it. Okay. I sent
mm.
So I've got J E N N I F E R dot Z E G L E R three at gmail
dot
com.
Thanks.
we are good. Okay do
I just
cancel out of here or what?
First time. Yeah.
Have
you
done it?
I wonder what, I wonder what they're looking for.
yeah. Maybe it's like a qualitative assessment of how like conversations go between people or something like that
covid thing.
Yes. Thank you, jennifer.
I
will
do. Thank you.