SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good, I'm having some guy goes how are you?
SPEAKER_R: good. We're having a bit of a tornado here
SPEAKER_L: A bit of hawaii sorry?
SPEAKER_R: NATO, just like a bit
SPEAKER_L: tornado
SPEAKER_R: of,
SPEAKER_L: are even looking in the midwest
SPEAKER_R: no I'm in the philadelphia area but
SPEAKER_L: belkin. Really wow. You know I am. I used to live in um in Tennessee with the texas now and and we had actually tornadoes quite a lot. I didn't know you had a in philadelphia but yeah
SPEAKER_R: we usually don't, yeah this is very unusual
SPEAKER_L: please.
SPEAKER_R: for us. Um Yeah I think it's like the storm that came up from florida because we're landlocked,
SPEAKER_L: john
SPEAKER_R: it would be a tornado rather than like a hurricane. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: how is how is covid in philadelphia? Okay
SPEAKER_R: uh it is not great
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: like um pennsylvania I think overall is doing okay but just some parts of failure better than others and um yeah mask wearing is pretty good for the most part. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No we are yeah I mean um boston we um we kind of chilled out for a couple months and then what happened was that basically what I think happened as they open stuff up All these people got super bored and they went out, it opens them bars, those bars got filled, bunch of spreading went on and like there was this tiny county park that I used to take my girlfriend I used to go to and
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: and it was always like completely deserted. There's like one or two cars there maybe last time I wouldn't like I went by like the ones who was packed with people. No like like like completely packed and so and so yeah. Um But but yeah, I think I think we're a little more responsible now here in Austin, it's not as bad as at least $1 million dollars in Houston and stuff, they're having a really fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's gonna be really scary because I think that it's more concentrated towards the south right now right? I think it's like
SPEAKER_L: I mean yeah it's like um I think it's uh it's Arizona Arizona texas um Louisiana has it very quite bad as well. Um And um yeah I know like all those basically the places that florida florida's basic, all the places that reopened really soon and tend to have a lower proportion of mask wearing. Um How about them so well? Um But uh but yeah, I'm like I'm going to um I'm going to moving out to call for college in like two weeks. Um
SPEAKER_R: okay. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: Once I remember like um like, because I'm moving I'm living in this like housing co op near you Washington. Um And I have no idea what code is going to be like around there. I heard it's not great around the area. Most of my classes are online, it's like a complete mess out here about it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that must be a wild time to like be in college right now because
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean it's been a wild time to be a senior. Like we um No problem. Our graduation. I mean, I was not worried about problems, like it's fun. Um But like, like our graduation, we um you know, no, they have like a nice ceremony basically. What they did is they had a football field and you can come in like a specific time, and people
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: like cycled out on there so they could keep below the limit the amount of people they could have. Just like, it's like I was like, you know, I don't see the point, so I didn't go. But
SPEAKER_R: that's not
SPEAKER_L: and then, I mean, I mean we uh selling my our last day of before spring break. Um I uh basically they were like, it was like a right when Covid was picking up, it was a friday and they said, you know what, we're not counting absences for this day. And so we were doing anything across. So I just, like me and my friends, we just like went out and we're like experiencing our last day of non quarantine. And then when it's pretty great, I just never that was the end of my high school. That was like, that was it. We just never went to high school. Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: that's not, yeah Oh no, that's so, that's got to be wild.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. No, I've basically just been like quarantining like Loki since like March, like late March, I was been chilling or so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, no saying so weird.
SPEAKER_L: Um Like I've even Ive even picked up like hobbies from like my freshman year. Like
SPEAKER_R: dang,
SPEAKER_L: fucking.
SPEAKER_R: can you do one of those?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I am I'm I'm don go I'm trying I'm like 18 seconds on average. Um
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so I'm just I'm scrambling but basically this is what I do in my spare time now. I but for college and trying her little money online and like cube I guess. So I guess. Yeah but like I guess but like the first month like I kind of adopted but like the first month or so. I basically just did nothing and like played video games and stuff. Um.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah, I know, I've used my piece for a lot more than I used to because like something to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No and but like I was
SPEAKER_R: Whoa, oh my gosh, that's a whoa!
SPEAKER_L: this is like many many many hundreds of hours practice basically. Um But yeah I know I was so I was thinking like man, I really wish I was like 11, with all this was going on because like,
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: I remember my brother and I, we just like play Minecraft like the entire summer, like anyway, go out very much so. I would have just gone him like just chilling out. Like I actually want to want an adult, I want to do stuff now like. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no it's super weird. Oh man, yeah, I don't know how long it's going to be like this because I have friends and like europe and overseas and like some of them are getting back to their lives and then I have to be like yeah, in America we kind of dropped the ball real bad. Oh
SPEAKER_L: no, I, no, I mean the UK has done actually worse than us in a lot of ways. It's the only country. Um, but now the like, I know, I mean, I know in like new Zealand no cases, they're pretty much normal. It's, I talked to a guy from Australia. He gets taught amazing there, but they don't have a lot of deaths. And then actually surprisingly Vietnam has done really well. They've had no death covid um because
SPEAKER_R: whoa,
SPEAKER_L: they, they have a pretty strong like centralized government. Um And then they also are really used to dealing with infectious diseases. So they like basically they shut off immediately, they like put everyone in when they contained it did a bunch of contact tracing. We just kind of kept it out. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's, I mean I think that this is definitely a time that America's individualistic approach to things, it's shown to not be super effective
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: no, listen. No, I'm like, yeah, it's it's kind of like a great yeah, no, I mean, yeah, I apologize. Get out there these days. But but yeah, like uh like yeah, this is not the time for like individualism really. We need to like we kind of need to kind of need to like build some masks together and make sure we're getting done.
SPEAKER_R: no, for real, yeah, it is and it's wild that people are so mad about wearing masks and it's like it's not even that hard, like
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, okay, this is like actually something that really worries me. I'm like why are people like so freaking resistant to masks? Um Because like wait, because like it doesn't it doesn't make any sense. Like
SPEAKER_R: nope.
SPEAKER_L: it's just helpful and I I really do think that people kind of just want like something mundane to be mad about or something like because they're
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: bored.
SPEAKER_R: agree. Yeah, no, I think so, yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: And then like, I don't know like this is the thing is like people like people be like talking like code stuff. I'm like, you know what? I want to listen to the scientists and health experts. I would just do whatever they say. Like they're the people who know itself. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. Um
SPEAKER_L: Much.
SPEAKER_R: I work in a science field and it's like super, super annoying. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I do like a neuro biological stuff, but
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's really interesting, I like it but before that I did um cell culture which had an infectious part to it, so like it makes me so low key pissed when people are like, it's it's not a big deal, it's like no, it's like a big deal though, like uh
SPEAKER_L: No, I I saw this thing. Oh my god. Um And it was saying like um it was like uh how do how can how can the cloth and that's proven the virus it's way too small to get through. And I'm like hold up, that's not how it works. Like I'm, I haven't had any biology since my freshman year of high school, but like, I know like, you know, they're pretty sure they're on like the droplets, not like, you know, just like float free floating in the air,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if it's like if science education is not spread out because like yeah you don't have to take that much biology to know at least basically how it works.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I do think another issue is like, it kind of, it's really easy once you get like sucked into one conspiracy theory to get sucked into a bunch of other conspiracy theories. And like there's a bunch of boomers on like facebook and stuff like people, oh gosh, People who've gotten like, um I'm having acid reflux people who've
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: gotten like, like I have like a little bit when I actually like, especially when I eat when I'm hungry and quickly. Um, but
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: fair enough.
SPEAKER_L: like basically like you see like one thing on facebook and you get like algorithm ized into like this weird web of like, like you a mask like Anthony Fauci is a lizard like kind of stuff like that, that kind of thing. And like once
SPEAKER_R: Three.
SPEAKER_L: we get down that rabbit hole that you're bringing is like broken and you're not getting out of it like.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know for real because I don't think
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: since they didn't
SPEAKER_L: the.
SPEAKER_R: really grow up with like technology in the same way, like I think sometimes it all seems like magic and they're like oh well it must be true if it's recommended to me, it's like no it's
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it's not true algorithm.
SPEAKER_L: it's like um it's like because I think anyone below like 30 like grew up to some extent around the internet and they kind of developed that native like okay I can I can identify like I cannot, I can see okay that's click bait. I should ignore it or that's something obviously stupid. But if you're like 40 50 60 um you just like, you just like don't know. And then and then like and also it's really like I can tell when something is like being like an algorithm has tracked my data and like through some algorithm and decided to like it. And sometimes I will like like you know what you do well this time but all other times you recommend me something I don't want to listen to. But others they just like there's no self awareness about it. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, it's so I hate that. Like I was looking for a couch and then my instagram was nothing but like Wayfair and couch ads and I was like god damn it, No. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's the thing like it's a little bit disturbing to me. I like like like how how much our data is just like out there like
SPEAKER_R: it is.
SPEAKER_L: like they they tell you like a lot like you try and keep your online profile chill and at this point like I just when I'm online no matter where I am like even if I'm on some like anonymous messaging for like I just don't I say things, I don't say things I wouldn't want people to hear. Like at least things that I could like explain in real life.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: Because well, because like and I don't I've said some dumb shit online, like I've said a lot of themselves, but it's stuff that I feel is at least defensible. Um
SPEAKER_R: enough.
SPEAKER_L: And so um and so uh like because I'm pretty sure like if someone didn't have thinking like I usually pretty much the same username across the internet, like if someone
SPEAKER_R: boy.
SPEAKER_L: didn't, we could connect all of my various accounts where like talk me really hard and figure out what. So yeah, I'm hoping there's not some algorithm like doing that for me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, I hope not. I don't, I don't think, I think hopefully back in the day with old user names, the technology wasn't advanced enough and so it's like I'll just
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: stay
SPEAKER_L: I mean I wasn't like, I think I like I think I started really using the Internet in like 20, So I kind of I kind of missed the era where it was a lot more of like anonymous messaging boards. And for me like I like started on Reddit and stuff, um eventually
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: discord and a little bit of fortune, that's like that.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: It's like
SPEAKER_R: place.
SPEAKER_L: it's well, yeah, okay, everything is no fortune. It's truly a dark place. Um Ok, so this is so I'm translating this this war called T T T T or LGBT, and it's basically just really self hating trans people
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like on the board, and they're all like shit posting and stuff, and it's a really toxic place. And I go there, I spent with a decent amount of time when they're just like trying to talk to people and like, and like, because there will be like these really desperate people that post there and they just get the worst replies in the world. And
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: so I feel like it's a little bit of donation is like spending some time on this board, like trying to actually like do people a little bit of decent advice. So
SPEAKER_R: that's that's yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: like yeah
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: we're but like yeah it's like the internet has gotten weird like it's like it kind of half anonymous. Half not these days so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Like I when I first used the internet that was like pre screenshot days so you could like deny
SPEAKER_L: I.
SPEAKER_R: anything. Even like texting people, you couldn't like take a picture of your screen and nowadays it's like you better watch what you say. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah. No because like um you can hold on a second. Yeah. What's up, yep. I'm okay thank you. I'm on the amount of the usual. I'm doing a thing up. Huh, refrigerator? He's showing okay. I know. I took her out when I was done. I'm okay so sorry about that.
SPEAKER_R: it's all good. No worries.
SPEAKER_L: Listen this is this is our puppy shit she's looking
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: gosh. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: would she's
SPEAKER_R: lovely.
SPEAKER_L: our quarantine puppy. We got her um in March. And
SPEAKER_R: Right around then like foreign sometime.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I got it right when we came back home each. I've never raised here. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: Oh and she's like she started off she was tiny, tiny. Um
SPEAKER_R: that's so cute.
SPEAKER_L: I'm £15 now, she's like 40, she's like three times the size and like a few months.
SPEAKER_R: That's fast man.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, she she breaks my heart, I'm gonna I'm gonna be like, we've luckily kind of gotten to the point where she kind of like as half and half of me and my parents, so like um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so it won't like have a mental breakdown when I'm not here all the time home, but but yeah, I love that puppy.
SPEAKER_R: Like that dogs are the best love dogs.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, yeah, like we have um we have this like 10 year old like big £90 chocolate lab as well as her and like and so she tries to play with him, but he's like kind of too old and he doesn't like playing very much, he just wants
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: to sleep,
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: go on walks, and that's about it, and so and so yeah, she just tries to play with him, but he doesn't even do it and she's also very she likes to nibble, she's very bitey.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, puppy teeth. Yeah, they can be brutal. Like especially in the beginning there so sharp. Why?
SPEAKER_L: She's she's kind of rowdy like hold on, she does come a bug out okay. But anyway. Yeah. Anyways she's not like we haven't trained her very well, she's not the best behaved dog in the world but please
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: they're like feeds there and stuff so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh my gosh, she's so cute. Oh my
SPEAKER_L: hey
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: shit.
SPEAKER_R: What a cutie! Oh
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: my gosh, So cute, walked
SPEAKER_L: she did
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: that. No. Yeah she like she's barking at me. She wants my I think she wants that one second. Don't go
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh wait, I can't. I think your audio.
SPEAKER_L: clear it off. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: I know this happened last time basically for some reason if my mic my mic like to stand on it broke a while ago so I just just sits around now and whenever it gets unplugged for some reason I can't you have to come in and out to get it to like fix itself for whatever reason. But But yeah, the I don't know anyways how has your quarantine lifestyle been? It's
SPEAKER_R: Weird. I mean I was kinda, I'm kind of a loner anyway, so I have to admit for the first two months I was like, this is awesome. Like nobody can bother me. But then after that I was like, oh no, like I'm still a person and I still need to see humans because I live alone. So like there's nobody around. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so it's like it's been a lot of alone time.
SPEAKER_L: No, the
SPEAKER_R: Pretty
SPEAKER_L: book.
SPEAKER_R: spooky like uh I look forward to getting groceries just to like see other.
SPEAKER_L: I kind of relate to know what actually like um that's when you're like sitting around. Like I'm going to the post like the ups store and I'm like, all right, I'm gonna do my makeup since since
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: has,
SPEAKER_L: don't like getting up to like like
SPEAKER_R: Sam.
SPEAKER_L: trying to like, I mean I could because like um because like, I'm so I'm so like um like I I kind of miss like actually going out and like wanting to put effort into my like, appearance and like talking to people and like it's just, I'm like, it's like a it's like a permanent version of like Summers in like middle school for me, right? And so I'm really, I'm really excited to not not be at school and actually doing stuff again.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no I do make up like above the mask line, I don't do like the bottom part. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, really, I put on the mash like, boom, that's it.
SPEAKER_R: Out
SPEAKER_L: I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: forward.
SPEAKER_L: it's so easy. I'm
SPEAKER_R: because it's it's an event.
SPEAKER_L: like, yeah, I know, I'm like, you know, it takes it takes like a lot, it's a lot less effort now. And and I'm also, I'm like thinking I'm gonna be really weird because I have like a couple of impersonal, I'm just going to know these people with like now it's over their face and then it's like kind of an issue for me because I have like pretty prominent brow bones and so like, um I just have that, like, I don't look that great. And so I had to like, really go ham on the, on the, I have to really go ahead on the like the foundation to like high
SPEAKER_R: The contour
SPEAKER_L: colorado. Yeah, you contoured
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: to reduce the shadow from the brow bone and like, I don't know, I'll be, I'll be very happy when it ends and I can actually like, like, like because like I think I like past better when I like I can see my whole face like
SPEAKER_R: no that makes sense. Yeah. And it's just it's weird like I don't like how masks fit me, like I look very different with like the mass because they go like too big, so it's like just my little eyes, I think I look kind of scary, a little shady.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I would, I would love like as soon as we are clear or like see through masks were like, you mean like wear a mask? Like I would have no problem with them like if people could see your face and you can get pretty stylish with that as well like I think that would be home.
SPEAKER_R: no, I agree that needs to be a thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah and like, like my, my university there like they have been doing masks obviously like everywhere. Um and so I'm thinking like it's going to become like kind of a fashion statement now. Like you know, I
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: have like I have like one cross past my mom ordered and then like, I mean I have to get some more mask just like I can sleep more. I want to be the person who wears the same Oscar every day.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no etc. Has some really cool ones. Um there's like a ton of them on there and like it's nice because some folks are making them because like they lost sources of income so I feel good. So I have like a collection of masks
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: that I get from there.
SPEAKER_L: well yeah, no, it's, it's super cool and my, I'm thinking about like when things kind of chill out and like max like a couple years um like um are we just gonna forget about maths isn't going to have an effect on our culture long term. Like what that looks like. I'm curious.
SPEAKER_R: I am too. Like, I wonder if people are ever going to shake hands again because I feel like that's probably a thing that people are not going to be super interested. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What the went well I am, I feel like I walk into a room now and just like, you know, you used to like, and now it's just like, just look at you like high and and you're just like hi and then like you both kind of stare at each other and honestly I don't know if it's that bad of a thing cause shaking hands is pretty like unhygienic overall.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I'm I save.
SPEAKER_L: like I think, you know, I think we should, we should just start bowing like in like asian countries, you know, I think I think that would be a good thing. That's a better greeting and
SPEAKER_R: I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: our standard hole
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've started doing that by accident like just because I need
SPEAKER_L: should.
SPEAKER_R: a way to like express acknowledgement. So I'll do like a quick bow and I'm like, I don't know where that came from, but people seem to understand the gesture so strange. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. And and anyways like I'll just, I'll be really happy when um one late like it's really hard like looking back imagining life when I could just go out and like I don't remember what it's like at this point it's like a distant memory.
SPEAKER_R: It's very weird and like I've definitely gotten less close to some people because they've had some like fringy views and it's like, oh man, I didn't know you were like that, but then other people have got, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no, it has been like a pretty decent filter. And then I actually like basically all of my friends have become online friends. So weird because like my best friend, he um he like both of his parents are, they have asthma and our former smokers. And so like they're really high risk
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: and so they don't like what you didn't like go out at all like so I can't really see him like um my girlfriend broke like in the middle of quarantine. Um
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: It was like damn completely. We still talk or show but like it wasn't too bad. But and so I, all of my friendships moved online and I'm like okay, go. And then so I'm hoping I can get some more in person interaction what in college because I really need it. Um
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: I have no idea who my roommate is going to be either and at this place I have, I have no clue. I'm just being very randomly with someone. I think. So. What's that like?
SPEAKER_R: so they're putting two people in a room where you are?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I saved $1,000 by doing it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, That's a big difference, Yeah, that's wild.
SPEAKER_L: Like, um, I am, I have a I have a scholarship. And so I'm like, okay, I have I X amount of money include the doors and have like and use the most of my money for our can stay in the cheapest coop right here. Let's look at him and walk away and have like a bunch of money left over to like say, let's do this moment. So, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, I think, I think we're 25 minutes so
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: I stop.
SPEAKER_R: you. Was so rad talking to you, good
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: luck in college
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: and everything,
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Bye.