Hi, how are you?
good. We're having a bit of a tornado here
NATO, just like a bit
of,
no I'm in the philadelphia area but
we usually don't, yeah this is very unusual
for us. Um Yeah I think it's like the storm that came up from florida because we're landlocked,
it would be a tornado rather than like a hurricane. Yeah
uh it is not great
like um pennsylvania I think overall is doing okay but just some parts of failure better than others and um yeah mask wearing is pretty good for the most part. Yeah.
all
Yeah
that's gonna be really scary because I think that it's more concentrated towards the south right now right? I think it's like
okay. Cool.
Yeah that must be a wild time to like be in college right now because
no.
that's not
that's not, yeah Oh no, that's so, that's got to be wild.
yeah, no saying so weird.
dang,
can you do one of those?
what?
yep. Yeah, I know, I've used my piece for a lot more than I used to because like something to do.
Whoa, oh my gosh, that's a whoa!
have
Yeah,
no it's super weird. Oh man, yeah, I don't know how long it's going to be like this because I have friends and like europe and overseas and like some of them are getting back to their lives and then I have to be like yeah, in America we kind of dropped the ball real bad. Oh
whoa,
yeah, that's, I mean I think that this is definitely a time that America's individualistic approach to things, it's shown to not be super effective
like
no, for real, yeah, it is and it's wild that people are so mad about wearing masks and it's like it's not even that hard, like
nope.
I
agree. Yeah, no, I think so, yeah, yeah,
absolutely. Um
I work in a science field and it's like super, super annoying. Yeah,
I do like a neuro biological stuff, but
yeah, it's really interesting, I like it but before that I did um cell culture which had an infectious part to it, so like it makes me so low key pissed when people are like, it's it's not a big deal, it's like no, it's like a big deal though, like uh
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if it's like if science education is not spread out because like yeah you don't have to take that much biology to know at least basically how it works.
no.
not
fair enough.
Three.
Yeah. I know for real because I don't think
since they didn't
really grow up with like technology in the same way, like I think sometimes it all seems like magic and they're like oh well it must be true if it's recommended to me, it's like no it's
it's not true algorithm.
Yeah, no, it's so I hate that. Like I was looking for a couch and then my instagram was nothing but like Wayfair and couch ads and I was like god damn it, No. Mm.
it is.
Yeah, that's
enough.
boy.
Yeah. No, I hope not. I don't, I don't think, I think hopefully back in the day with old user names, the technology wasn't advanced enough and so it's like I'll just
stay
No,
that's
place.
No.
No,
that's that's yeah. Yeah,
I am
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Like I when I first used the internet that was like pre screenshot days so you could like deny
anything. Even like texting people, you couldn't like take a picture of your screen and nowadays it's like you better watch what you say. Yes,
it's all good. No worries.
my
gosh. Oh,
lovely.
Right around then like foreign sometime.
Oh my gosh,
that's so cute.
That's fast man.
Yeah.
Like that dogs are the best love dogs.
that's
it.
Oh, puppy teeth. Yeah, they can be brutal. Like especially in the beginning there so sharp. Why?
no.
Yeah. Oh my gosh, she's so cute. Oh my
gosh.
What a cutie! Oh
my gosh, So cute, walked
on.
Yeah. Oh wait, I can't. I think your audio.
good.
Weird. I mean I was kinda, I'm kind of a loner anyway, so I have to admit for the first two months I was like, this is awesome. Like nobody can bother me. But then after that I was like, oh no, like I'm still a person and I still need to see humans because I live alone. So like there's nobody around. Uh
so it's like it's been a lot of alone time.
Pretty
spooky like uh I look forward to getting groceries just to like see other.
it
has,
Sam.
Yeah, no I do make up like above the mask line, I don't do like the bottom part. Yeah.
Out
forward.
because it's it's an event.
The contour
I don't know.
no that makes sense. Yeah. And it's just it's weird like I don't like how masks fit me, like I look very different with like the mass because they go like too big, so it's like just my little eyes, I think I look kind of scary, a little shady.
no, I agree that needs to be a thing.
No,
Yeah, no etc. Has some really cool ones. Um there's like a ton of them on there and like it's nice because some folks are making them because like they lost sources of income so I feel good. So I have like a collection of masks
that I get from there.
I am too. Like, I wonder if people are ever going to shake hands again because I feel like that's probably a thing that people are not going to be super interested. Yeah.
Yes, I'm I save.
I'm like,
yeah, I've started doing that by accident like just because I need
a way to like express acknowledgement. So I'll do like a quick bow and I'm like, I don't know where that came from, but people seem to understand the gesture so strange. Yeah.
It's very weird and like I've definitely gotten less close to some people because they've had some like fringy views and it's like, oh man, I didn't know you were like that, but then other people have got, Yeah,
definitely.
no.
absolutely.
so they're putting two people in a room where you are?
Okay, That's a big difference, Yeah, that's wild.
that makes sense. Yeah.
Thank
you. Was so rad talking to you, good
luck in college
and everything,