You hear me?
I am Caitlin I'm good. How are you doing
three?
Yeah it was good. I just had school working classes. How was your day?
I am able to go to work so that I'm doing school at home right now.
I'm an office assistant in a construction office
right now working in the construction industry. Were you working in? Mhm.
All
Yeah. Is it a wide spectrum of sites that you guys are in charge of?
Good.
Project that's why.
No
what?
Do you guys work with any big retailers?
Get
up?
we can. Okay.
interesting
Yeah I'm working in construction
but I'm studying texture right now so it's close to what studying. I
just recently got that job so it's been nice to start working in something that's close to what I want to do.
Yeah. Good. So far none of my family members gotten sick, which is good and everyone that I know is still healthy but I've been able to go to work and still do school so that's been good.
Wait
sorry one second.
Yeah the clothes in front of the house in front of the drivers and the blue Tabasco. This thing dirty. Sorry we're all doing laundry at the same time.
How are you doing guys? Your family you
all safe right now?
No.
I get that.
No.
What state are you in? Or what side of the labour here on the west coast? East coast.
I'm in California.
they
are. Yeah. What time is it in? Ohio. Okay. It's late
That's
kind of frustrating. Yeah. Oh I think your connection is getting out in froze for a second.
I
think you're back. Oh
weird.
worries.
Hope calling Berman knew what,
not too long. Um, I think I started like during the summer time. It was just as a way to like make money in the mornings. I like that. It's like usually during the morning time for me to be able to like do a few quizzes or like surveys and then start doing my schoolwork and homework. It's nice to just make a few bucks. Like if I buy a coffee or something that day, just like cancels out. Okay.
All
Yeah, they did go crazy quick. Especially if you're there doing like normal business hours that everyone's on it.
All
Yeah, that part is nice. Have you found any other side? So you like or any more into prolific?
Yeah. It's nice how consistent this one is.
What?
There are.
Well,
Yeah. Yeah. But I also have the same problems where like it was kind of annoying always having to like answer your questions and like quite a waste your time to get screened out in the end anyway. So you want to actually get anything, you would always just like start answering, take a few minutes of your time and then you get booted out. So it's pretty frustrating for me on some of those sites. So I just like this one because you're pretty much guaranteed to be able to take the survey. It's like they're legitimate surveys and they asked good questions and some of them were kind of fun are all by universities and like actually like legit people.
agree.
I
try
to prevent. It's pretty confusing. There's like a lot onto it, like once together it kind of makes sense. But it's also another thing where like the payout is love the time you're spending on it, but I don't know. I don't know if it's worth the Yeah, I'm still trying to figure that one out too.
To
figure out,
you picked up any other hobbies besides prolific during quarantine?
What?
And
her
these
levels,
their
religion.
For her. Yeah.
Students.
How? Okay.
That's been happening to me a lot because even as a student, we usually go over time to do homework anyways, but it's just been, my computer never gets turned off, it doesn't even get to breathe. I'm constantly
like using programs on it.
Do
you
use like uh I'm sorry, go ahead.
Yeah. I don't think we're planning on going back in person. I know uh the university that were next to, they have some in classes or in class in person classes this semester, but next semester, I'm not super sure whether we're going to go back in or keep doing online. I have no idea. Just depends on how I guess the holiday season goes, but so far everything is online right now first. Just bring
Yeah, a little nerve wracking because in the county I live in, we have a lot of tourism to, so that hasn't stopped. We still have people coming in and out all the time, so it's a little nerve racking. Yeah.
think we're still kind of going through another way because most of the counties are, I think in the purple color, which is not the not good one where it's
like still basically a lockdown sort of, I don't know because like we're all definitely being told still not to like leave our homes and still wear a mask, but there are still people coming to visit from like out of state and out of town, so it's not, no one's really listening, but
yeah, it's hard to get everyone on the same page right now.
that's good.
Yeah. Are you in a small town? Are you in a bigger size town?
Yeah. You guys still have a lot of people coming in?
symbol.
man.
huh.
Especially on
so.
I
I
And Uh huh
Yeah, that's going to be a tricky one because everyone stuff they're gonna
want
to go through their families, but I'm sure it's going to be advised against during this time.
I mean,
Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be bad. And I was, where I was going to school, it wasn't a party town sort of like a college town, so it's not going to be good. I left once coronavirus started happening because I knew we were not going to be responsible. So I just went home.
and I like, I know I'm healthy but like I have family members are more at risk and I wouldn't want to like go out and be in school and be around friends and then come back to visit my family gets sick. Like I that would be terrible. Yeah.
It is. Yeah.
No, luckily, you know, I don't know anyone, I think I've seen someone wrote facebook with a pretty distant family relative,
but that's about it. Have you know, or like note about anyone who's gone it
that's good.
it's like desensitized.
So
How
trump
Yeah, it's unfortunate.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Doing what?
No, I used to, but not anymore, but I really like to because I was going back and forth from college to my home counter locks. They're both kind of fun places and they have a lot of hiking and beaches notions. So I like to, I like to go camping and hiking a lot, but stop that for a while. But I hope I can go back soon.
Do you like to trial or do you like to be outdoors like do you have any like outward things you like to do like sports or anything?
that's
next
week.
How?
we have,
Well,
all right now that
what?
man.
Two.
Yeah, that's a bummer to have to cancel such a big trip, but definitely it's safer decision and especially we can't travel anyway so it won't be possible for a while.
Yeah, it's crazy. You can get it anywhere from anyone.
Two
yeah. Oh God Yeah, hopefully if we don't try to mess around with that. Uh huh
Oh, that's right. Okay.
Yeah, I could see that maybe like closing off of this reason to like a virtual version had that when it makes sense
financially.
that's true. If that would be nice, like that would be, I think a way to like keep people calm enough during the holidays to be like, okay, we can still do holiday stuff then they won't be like as so mad as to like,
I'm
disturbing mad.
Yeah. Do you have a favorite holiday?
No,
that's cool. Yeah.
Mm. I've always wanted to visit new york. Do you have a favorite memory from when you did go? Is it really wasn't the parade?
No, I I was lucky enough in high school I was in a french class loading french in a french club so I got to go to France for a trip. But so I've been to France but I haven't really been on a state run out of the country, but that's about it.
on my list. I've got a few states online check out for sure.
Maybe
I'll pass through Ohio if I do a road trip. Yeah.
Do you try the other the hot dogs?
No, aren't they everywhere?
Oh, I'm sorry to hear you say that.
Gotcha.
Yeah, whenever I do eat vegetarian because my parents are so I do need it quite often, but I really like mediterranean food, like greek food, I love like falafel and I know it's like a basic one but uh like Nero uh yeah,
you got it. But there's a lot of vegetarian option, especially with indian food. We have a lot of indian food restaurants around here too. That are really good,
difficult.
I definitely expand my palate though and try a lot more.
Yeah. Uh Hispanic open and that was my favorite, like the puff pastries. Yeah.
can definitely be good. I'm not a huge meteor, especially once my parents turn, then I decided to have the point meeting a lot of it.
Well
it was,
yeah, they would have a few minute buffer so we should be good.
Yeah, it was nice meeting you.
Yes, enjoy your evening.