mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Uh uh Can you hear me?
I can, you know, mm hmm.
I'm not a possible
color, were they?
Yeah, idea was being weird. Work working from the pandemic. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, so you work at
what
I was 19, there's business manager for website and all the software positions uh for for a retail company. So yeah, that keeps me busy and we've been working a lot from home
even even though it's, we're not being office, but it's still, you know, we get a lot of them done and then keeping, keeping us occupied.
Now if we have a website express dot com, so we do for idea on on the website
to make sure all on the websites are accurate and just playing correctly and of all this kind of person. We do those kind of testing everything from the Member States. Yeah,
very hard. And you know, because of the holiday season coming up and then
there are always some new
stuff going on to the website all the time. Yeah promotion, different type of office, different types of products or things are always changing like every other day things website.
so they
were
directly work with Express. So I don't work with any other retailer but have a
but we have our preventers you know who support us like different systems or you know sales or gift cards and what not all the things that happens on the website. So we like various vendors for that. So we work with undisclosed li like paper and all these Visa Mastercard and all those other other big vendors. Yeah. To make sure everything on the website. It points of that. Mhm wow.
Yeah it is. So you spend as well. Okay. Was playing as well as
what?
or
yeah, that's exactly what's closer to you know Yeah proposal how has all this pandemic things going on with hope everybody and everything at your side as well.
So you've been working in person all
the time?
What time?
No, I said that. Yeah.
What
really saved in Halle and guardia. I
mean we had impact in our work. You know like initially we will come home and then we started the office on like location basis and revenue. But I feel like working from home were working more, you know. Yeah.
Yeah and unfortunately relate one of the family
members and their friends and college. It really has been rare and then because and be as well.
I love the idea. Yeah.
Oh so you like 86 o'clock right
now?
Yeah. We have a defensive, yeah you can be uh mhm. As we were talking about your work on the website. Those also, these are also the things that we need considering things the doors are open in California and different kinds and the stores will open in new york in different times. This is the hour difference over all those
things.
I
think
I don't see what video he just bumping at the gardener I think.
Yeah, I think I have noticed it before as well. Once it goes back and comes back. Yeah,
prolific thing going on for you. How long you've been doing
This prolific website service and all.
Yeah, exactly. It's
just a thing on the side when I would go on your own or your laptop is dead then you do it. Otherwise. Sometimes sometimes services disappeared so fast. Thank you. We tried to tap on it and I think all the places are gone.
Everyone is
on. I think I like in a way it gets equal opportunity for everybody whoever gets it gets, you know.
This is the best one so far. I have rights, some abs those are like star region key. Uh, and all those things are not as well. The service as here on subside. So
it is consistent. It has good quality surveys and very good researchers more,
more reason these are from the universities directly, which is a good every survey is unique. You know, on the other other apps I see like a lot of service but they are so redundant. They're sort of
uh, you get more reactions over there compared to prolific. Yeah. Here only I had been rejected a couple of times, but that's because my mistake.
I didn't pay any attention or you know, sometimes they will have these questions to check with attention. But that's because of that. Otherwise it has been going well you did you try anything?
actually researches are probably from the students who are either working on the project or you know like the major projects, which is a good thing. That is interesting because every time you get a different type of unique, I
don't know. Yeah. Otherwise on the other side you keep on the careers and that that is not qualified and then you just face it 15 minutes. Yeah. Somebody was also talking about amazon empty, but I don't know how that works. We haven't tried it, but a
lot
of
Well, yeah, that's what I haven't made myself. But what I do is like you spend more time compared to what you are and compared to control it, it used at the same time you may get more. So that's what I heard about it. Mhm. Yeah. I mean there are always so many websites but somewhat legitimate. Some are about something I think you just have to create all these one
student.
Yeah. Once tried and you want to know about which is not. Yeah.
Well now
this is the only thing I've been doing and then
we
were also
in the
process
of moving
to their captors and
than you know being and pretty much what has been busy even though you're I'm working from home. But it has been just probably you can
I was going to office as well. He started go involved in person in
Yeah, it's real whole month. We work from home but in any peace are going back to office at least four or five of us. We were getting a lot of it was from the different people who were home. They wanted something to be done from harvey. So you know that this person is in office, you can request a couple of things done so they're kept as busy as well and then as well, you know it just doesn't start laptop is and shit now and you just keep going on, we just keep on doing something or the other the next day. Yeah. There
thankful.
Yeah, exactly. And I think you end up doing and spending more time on the laptop. You would do an actual person classes in business. Yeah. So
all of
them,
no, I would just ask, you know all of the classes have been on and only
it just has been crazy and pretty careful about in the coming months how it's been a beautiful in the news arising again. So I don't know how the candidates isn't going to be.
So how far the pieces around already. I know that California was to be there in the first day. Right, okay.
In
dog here as well. You know, I go up and I see a lot of people hearing a lot of people not very last. So it just their understanding. I don't know whether it's this in person to person people that's not listening.
personally there hasn't been any kind of outing for us. We've just been either work from work from home or from the office of the home. Just speak up necessary groceries and almost the ladies online. But yeah, not
nor any message can happen if last month's
I mean it is in columbus Ohio yeah one of them is one of the median cities in Ohio columbus Cleveland. You know all these nearby area big cities, yeah,
a lot of people coming in and since it's midwest lot of logistics passes through Ohio. The companies have headquarters and big culture here in the file. So a lot of death and out
of this thing but that passes like
some course of course barriers. But yes and all these other locations. Yeah.
Initially we have locked down like mentally my husband or going out so slow our investments close.
But
and schools are still online. Schools are hybrid
online. They have given the options for parents if you want to send learn that's up to you. If you want to do it online, that's up to you. But from from last few days I've seen in the news that
this is our remaining using like in 2000
which initially any like 708 again rising. So we'll we'll see how the holiday season is gonna be like
I don't
know.
Uh they're already giving warnings like
uh you can avoid like all of the parties thanksgiving and then you know all these holiday with more as much as you can try to avoid it because maybe you know like what spread again infections and all.
He just went up okay. I think you just have to be responsible. You know you cannot depend on other people real much or not. We are not. You just would it be protected for yourself. Yeah.
just and every day we learn new thing about this corona. It's just so unpredictable. You never know. We can be a symptomatic and that still spreading it out and then you know it's just crazy.
Do you know anyone in your like colleagues or anybody who got infected?
Well
I'm not liking my close group but yeah. I mean from from work somebody who knew they were. It was, but he's fine now. It's been a couple of months. Yeah.
Yeah. Other than that I didn't anybody else either. I know that a lot of businesses had been in the local news. We hear that somebody was that David so on so location or something he died. And most likely those news and those are not becoming very frequently now. Even those those are so I think people are just getting so used to it or the cases are doing you know? I don't know. It's just probably.
Yeah. I mean at work as well they are trying to do as much as possible. They're going to like senators the places for possible like every couple of hours. How's it coming sanitizing areas and just and everything The common areas. But I think it's taken a lot of lot of toll on the businesses as well. Like a lot of our employees are
still on furlough and they haven't been back here and
it yeah
a lot of employees us from a lot of lot of employees that lead off as well because of this.
It is yeah and I think for the university most of them have already accept online for at least be seated from. Yeah. Right.
Yeah.
Do you have a lot I mean you already travel plans got impacted because of and then
do you travel travel a lot.
Yeah and then it is keeping everybody you know love like just stay safe where you are. Yeah. Yeah.
Well we're just doing, we had
plans
to travel
actually and we wanted
to go to our home, we come from India we wanted to go there and we had plans to go there sometime in april or me
that that didn't happen because of this pandemic and I don't know right now again trying to plan for it but and India cases are so high right now have played their legacies seven or 70,000 cases 65,000 cases be there
and
yeah airlines also have different types of restrictions. You have to be in quarantine and all that and then God knows we come in contact with somebody and end
up spreading. It's like very respected to travel right now. It looks like we won't be able to do. It is busy so naturally it's going to happen sometime next year. Only here
we do think that the holidays we can travel holiday lights and all
that. You know, it's just uncertain right now. Media. Mhm. It is the you know with with everything all around. Mhm.
Yeah. We have friends here in us in different states even for them to present to us or process to come to them. So he's just unpredictable. You don't want to take any chances.
Yeah, we were just talking about like in the evening we're talking to a friend, one of the men and then we're talking about the new york nuclear selection. The weather is going to do it here or not.
So you know, more million people get there on New Year's Eve so that's gonna be crazy. They go ahead and do it. Oh God well bald on times where they do every
we were just talking about life like that doesn't look like they're going to do it because they postpone like for for july celebration and then thanksgiving. So thanksgiving parade was the major one that may skills does every year in New york. So he did virtually this year. No, because
Yeah, but New Year's Celebration is the big one because people come to Times Square from all over the world. The watch your observation. But I doubt they do with this. Here is just what we are already to remember this and I doubt they will do.
that's
what, that's what I was thinking to like 20 years older streets and then not let people and then everything that we went to probably been very, very limited. People like media and some, you know, because the Senate has also come there for the musical shows and for performances. Maybe they do very, very limited, definitely. They won't let me.
And
it will
right. And it must be like something to look forward to. You know, people will still be getting. So even though it's gonna just gonna be virtual, people will still louis not everybody advanced with a lot of people still want to be on television.
Well I have been there once all of times. I have been there on the new theory. So it
gets it gets very crazy over there.
jam packed.
No, we recently went to new york. My wife leave it to others then last year even is it with various places like search with Liberty and work it center Central Park and so just you know just being at Times Square is all you know when you are there is different and it seems very good. Yeah. I have never been to new york.
Yeah, maybe she would with its available like it. What
night
names?
Yeah, we would like you don't mess around was good. All
vegetarian. So no, I didn't.
Yeah there are vegetative so no meat, no fish for me.
Yeah. Nice thing. Yeah so I won't try but I like different types of food you know like mediterranean to than italian mexican but we try a different type of food all the time but just a bit. Yes.
Yeah.
huh. Yeah.
Oh they told me a lot
of time like any moment.
I like falafel, falafel is delicious.
those are good. There are different options for vegetarians as well you know it's not like you're you find it hard to language getting food but there are different types of rooms. Yeah.
Yeah. Good good. Okay.
How long
is I think we are well within time right? 25 minutes
we should be good and I'm really glad to talk to you.
Cool. Have a good day. Yeah.
Thank you. Bye.