SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. Excellent. Archiving. All right. I'm just gonna sort of on the internet until you show up a human. Yeah. Mhm. Uh Uh huh Uh huh Uh huh Uh huh. Human rights. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: Hi there.
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good. How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Good. Not too bad. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Well. Um So this is a funny thing, Right?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah. I thought I was early but look at you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, I'm I've been done for the day for like an hour, so I'm like, all right, I want to do this would be done. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: sure.
SPEAKER_L: Trying to get outside to the park. Um So uh let's see. I think we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes. They're going to record it and then they're going to make us I don't know what makes them do it. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Every does each other I guess
SPEAKER_L: All right. That's my thought is it wants to know if we judge each other based off, I guess physical appearance. Right? That seems possible. But it could be a lot of things. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: That was my first
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: gas.
SPEAKER_R: so it's so ambiguous. You know like so we go by the way what
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: do we want you to do is talk and then that's it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I wonder if they actually watched this video or if they just record it so that we know that it could be watched.
SPEAKER_R: I most of the time
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: if they tell you that there according then they don't care. But I I participated in one study where they told me that the study is something else.
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: And when the study comes here they were like oh by the way we were recording you, is it okay if we use it? Because
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: like they didn't want you to be aware of the recording but
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: they are a permission letter.
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing this on prolific and I started doing prolific stuff maybe two weeks ago. My buddy who does, he does some econ related and psych related research and he told me about this is like, oh, it's just fun. Now. The old, the only one I haven't done is uh, this one asked like, can we, can we access your Venmo payment history and like look for stuff. And I was like, no, like maybe not do that. It was like a screening study. It was like, all right, you get four cents for doing the screening, you will not move forward and like, yeah, that's fine. You guys do not have access right then broke out. Like there's already
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: pretty concerns there, man.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder what kind of studies did they ask for? Just a history or like the accent?
SPEAKER_L: I'm curious. I mean, I know Venmo was trying to be social, there were like aspects to this event mo I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They have this thing where you post to your bed and hope
SPEAKER_L: it's very
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: weird.
SPEAKER_R: It's strange. I know like facebook, they are trying, they have like the facebook pay. They're trying to come this way and when more is trying to go the other way.
SPEAKER_L: So um so my name is Noah, by the way. Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Hi. My name is a new pump.
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: Um, yeah, I'm in California so. Mm
SPEAKER_L: I mean other side, other side I'm in uh I'm in Baltimore. So yeah. Um Uh
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: like basic stuff. I don't know, it's really hot today here like,
SPEAKER_R: General
SPEAKER_L: like eight and it's the first day we got humidity. So like today is the first day where it feels like summer. So
SPEAKER_R: what is it? Is it really humid like usually?
SPEAKER_L: you mean when the summer rolls around? Yeah, like like I don't know if the numbers get as hot as where they get for you, but like I've been like I've been I've been to Arizona where the numbers get way higher, but it's hotter here because it's so humid. Um
SPEAKER_R: I wonder how much of that is true because we get dry here. I'm in central Valley so we get dry heat. So Numbers like go as high as they can like 110. But as long as your insight you take a shower, you come out, you're okay.
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: they like we're
SPEAKER_R: you mean it doesn't help. Right?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's not at all. You step right out of the shower and you're immediately sweating again. Why didn't do that? Like what was the point?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Sometimes I feel like helmet is worse but when you go out the wind is so hard here like it's really dry heat.
SPEAKER_L: That's, wow.
SPEAKER_R: I guess they both have their own things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, I'm personally jealous. It sounds exciting Minutes because just because I'm not used to it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I thought the humid will be nicer because of the temperature. Uh
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: But I have been in humid environment for a month or so and I'm like no, no, this is bad, this is worse,
SPEAKER_L: But I mean I am ready for summer, but like not not that part of summer. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: So I so go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was saying when it's summer usually, is it like may june or is it later,
SPEAKER_L: Uh like I don't know when the number, when we officially start, but like,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: usually like
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: there?
SPEAKER_L: june I'd say like right around the middle of june, we're in the middle of it. And then august is when august is when it's brutal here. Like it just gets
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I guess that's the same for you.
SPEAKER_L: august is our um and verified somewhere. Um Yeah, so I uh I teach, that's what I do. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: really?
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I've been virtually teaching ever since uh you know, the Great Covid has come and destroyed all of our lives. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: tell me about it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: it's it's it's horrible for me as well because I I go to school um I'm doing my PhD now, so yes, so now I'm trying to work from home, but it's so tricky because you know like when you're in the office you walk by and say hi to people and like you get refreshed, it's just you. So what what do you do? Like you work for an hour or two and they're like, oh that's all for the day.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Like it's really interesting like with school, you know, like a regular school day, I just, little kids would be,
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: know, like 8:00-3:30 for them. That's a pretty pretty long day. Like what is that, 88 hours, seven hours, nine hours. You know, it's a pretty long day. But with online schooling, like were mandated by the state and also like based on just like what people who study to say the school, they should be significantly shorter. It should be like four hours because you need breaks in between everything. It's like, it's a different type of world. It's a different
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: type of intervention.
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: Um So it's really fascinating and all the kids are either like way overwhelmed or you don't have nearly enough work. And like the parental situations are vast, you know, and like everyone discounts how hard it is to just have a decent wifi connection in the, in the room, like your wife, I might be good, but it's a good run because like they might not tell you their little kids it's very often, but it's
SPEAKER_R: You know now that you've mentioned it, I have my own different set of problems. Like sometimes I do my officers are the labs virtually. And my problem is that I don't know if students are willing to learn like what if they just joined in and they're sleeping or watching something because it's just me talking. So it's very difficult to gauge the their feedback because it's just like me for an hour talking continuously. And
SPEAKER_L: What do you,
SPEAKER_R: then you're like, do you understand? And no one's saying anything because they're all mute and
SPEAKER_L: goodness.
SPEAKER_R: it's so it's so difficult.
SPEAKER_L: No, I'd have a hard time with that. Do they? What do you douche?
SPEAKER_R: So I I'm doing engineering, so idea uh mainly engineering classes, strength of material, fluid mechanics, those kind of things. Uh
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: for the left, for the left it was very difficult for us, but I guess it was good because starting from january we had our by the end of january we had this idea that this might result into something like virtual environment. So we started working on our labs
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: make
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: them work.
SPEAKER_L: wary. You knew in january,
SPEAKER_R: No like in february we were like oh it's possible that you might help remove virtual because no because all of her classes, there are 100 people, so they were like oh at least for 100 they will do something. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's still to be having the conversations in february. I still think just
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: guess like apart from like the government was doing whatever they were, you know how it is. But yeah from the school they had this in the beginning of february and at least like first week of february when they told us that okay consider this that you might have to teach virtually.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean, I think it's pretty clear that here on the east coast, like we missed it, we were late, possibly two whole weeks late, like um like thank God I live in Maryland, like thank god Maryland is doing a lot better than some other places. And you've probably heard like Hogan is like the head of the government association, like people say cuomo is doing great and I think he's doing okay. But like, also like new york happened didn't happen like a lot of other places.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's what I don't get like uh
SPEAKER_L: mean he's
SPEAKER_R: you're saying
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: we're doing good.
SPEAKER_L: no, but that, which is good. And also like, so, I mean, I wish we'd handle it better. But it was really fascinating. Like the week before we closed, starting to speak up because I read a lot of news, I regret it. I didn't tell the stuff. I was looking at first hand accounts and I was like, oh, this is gonna be bad, like, like, and like it was starting to trickle down to me to realize like, and I need to say something because they're moving fast enough and I was already like, we need to come on, come on, can we, can we move some actions? Like can we just try to mitigate some risk in the first case in Maryland in one of the schools showed up and then everybody freaking out too. But it was, it was fascinating how it felt like we were so slow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. The way I see it, if someone is doing great you wouldn't know it because it's gonna be like okay that is great. It doesn't come into the big picture and I mean now there the situation is getting better in new york fisher compared to the other part of country. But yeah we'll see what happens because everyone is like okay we're we got tired of the shelter in place and we're going to get out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: do have a hard time like wanting to assign a lot of blame for everything or like for bad decisions because who plants, who really plans for that? Who do they aren't in power. So like it's hard to like, so it's really hard to like knock anyone really hard except for a certain few people who really do seem to be pretty anti science. But like uh huh
SPEAKER_R: I saw this video like all the like he ran the list anti vaccine people and people who flatters there's and all of them they joined together and they are like protesting this thing together like at least they're United, Man.
SPEAKER_L: like uh like what is, what is that Voltaren? Is that the thing that goes? Yeah, that's what it is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm like okay, at least something made them united.
SPEAKER_L: That's funny. And yeah. So what do I want to know is zoom the thing you use
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, like that's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: gonna stand them for us.
SPEAKER_L: Do you do you do you think um at first I thought zoom had a lot of security vulnerabilities, but I've come to now think that it's actually just it's not that bad and it's more about how well the links are shared.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Do you have a war?
SPEAKER_R: feel the good thing with zoom is they were already like as some of these things started, they were ready because I know I saw the email from google like 23 days ago, the google meet that it's really and that that thing and like a month ago Skype, they removed the number of users on one chad so everyone is doing their part and maybe there are certain Softwares which are better uh than zoom, but they were there when they were needed. So
SPEAKER_L: First mover and all that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. But yeah, definitely they have some sort of, it's easier for you to share the lane to join and to do the seminar webinar whatever you want to do that, that's definitely easier than others.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We haven't had a single a single problem with it. I mean aside from the aside from the stuff you'd expect, I mean it's all it's all either people using the hardware, the software wrong or the hardware for something along those lines.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And initially I think when it was january or february I used to use it for our collaborators.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: They didn't have some of the features like anyone could share the screen, there is no like weight room, anyone could join if they have the link
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: there's those were a couple of things which were not really secure. But then I guess in one of the process even those who are not students, they were joining in. It was weird. So now they added new features like while people were complaining.
SPEAKER_L: So are you managing who gets in and out of your zoom room? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: there is there is this weight room and you know that okay this guy is in my class. Okay, you let them in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because like I do but you know my classes are 16 kids, you know like and I know their names. No.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, I mean for sure because the way the way I do it, I don't want to share the link every time. So I have this like fixed link, right?
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: And yes, for for each of the class I have the link but then anyone can join if they have the links and then same with the share screen, like if I'm tasting I don't want someone to share screen and do stuff, I don't want them to so that's a good feature. So yeah, I think they're doing great.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, my third graders figured out how to draw on the screen. You ever notice anyone annotating this And I think it's possible to make it impossible for participants to figure it out. But with third graders it's easier to be like we would not do that because we know that's not respectful, okay,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it's doing that. I just want you to know that like you shouldn't because it's not respectful, not like
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: human.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: Do that.
SPEAKER_L: all right, you know sometimes you need to know how you got worried, sometimes you just have to know how to teach that's all.
SPEAKER_R: How how is it, how is it dating? Uh get it, is it is it fun?
SPEAKER_L: Um Sometimes I really like it actually. So most of my content is asynchronous and you know, being semi familiar with the idea of a flipped classroom, it's not that crazy. You know, I think it be harder if I didn't already know the kids, but I know the kids really well.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So what I do is I is I'll put out, I'm required to do two videos a week for every class I teach, so I put out a video that's like a second graders, like what's up? And then I like a little thing, it goes by a Photoshop, so it's like, you know, like today you're gonna make a castle and castle shows up and then like, you know, and every time I say a word wrong, like if I was to say like york all gonna have a great time, I would put the word york up with little explanation, like, didn't he? Or like, because it's goofy and that way not to retake, add some of that goofiness and levity that's really required at that age. Um and so, you know I'll do an assignment like one of them, we were studying electromagnets for third grade and so I took speaker and I put my have a little things on my ipad after so I'm gonna shoot the camera down a little
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for it. It's great. It turns out that in the dot camera like really powerful tool and and I like ripped open the speaker to find the magnet was like looks like there's a magnet in here and then I find the coil like look there's a coil in here, like this is how speakers work. Um So that was fun and you know they really enjoyed that and then I had them you know like watch a short video and how speakers work and then do the basic like electricity magnet thing and I've been having them make journal entries and then they'll take a photo of their entry and then upload it to, it's not black board, it's a little bit more little kid focus, but it's kind of like kind of if you took instagram blackboard and facebook and have them have added in some security features so that only parents and kids could see it. That's the platform we're using. It's not bad. Oh
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I mean we we always have this discussion that okay there like so many things change for in the last 100 years, right? You went from computers to Laptop two iPad 2 phone phones have changed a lot in 20 years. But the education system is the same as it was in 50s. Like you go to school, Teacher teaches there, you write your notes and come back. There is an exam where you do where you are tested and then you pass you go to the next step like it's been same for 80 years so there must be some way we can leverage the technology and I guess what you're saying is when a very good example of that that it can certainly improve how you teach now.
SPEAKER_L: we're pretty lucky that like, so all of our 4th and 5th graders have chromebooks like that's in place and they all have their own and they ended up getting them to them in a way that was pretty safe. So that's good. And I like chrome chrome. Os, I mean not for group in day to day for me, but as a secondary device or as a kid device like gets you on chrome with what else you if you're not using anything and powerful. like it's great and you can lock it down so it's good the little kids sale of ipads and honestly I more and more I'm sold on the ipad as like for like little younger kids because like it's locked down, it's got a good camera and it just works like there's no troubleshooting.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. The reliability is like it's so good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, it's so funny to like stuff like yes press the camera button, they want to look for the camera, yep, yep. You're doing it. Yeah, now like Mr Robinson, is it this one the one who looks in the camera like? Yeah, that's that's the one, it's very normal, I mean
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: can you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What can you expect you?
SPEAKER_L: It's funny people always say that like oh it's so intuitive kids just like know how to use ipads and like one hand it's true, but other hand it's like sometimes they don't know how to press volume up like they don't actually know everything you might think. Like it's it's funny. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So I'm curious, did you did you have to study education for?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so my background actually all chemistry, so I teach science, I don't teach writing or reading or any of that, I just teach science, teach 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th grade. So they come to me as like a special, what they call it, we call it a special area.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I see I see. I see.
SPEAKER_L: Um And so I have a chemistry degree. I worked on PhD for a while but didn't see it actually going well. And so I left
SPEAKER_R: I know. I know. I feel that every day.
SPEAKER_L: and I mean I I, you know, at first I was like, this is a horrible decision, what am I doing? But there are people in that lab who still haven't graduated and I've been out for three years now. So I actually feel like I got out of a bad lab and I, and my advisor is a very nice person. I don't think she was a good advisor, but like I'm not all
SPEAKER_R: That that happens.
SPEAKER_L: I'm incredibly brilliant researcher and published extremely well, but she didn't know how to turn me into one and that.
SPEAKER_R: And it's it's completely marble because I feel that a lot in my school there are two kinds of world three kinds one who is a good teacher but not a good researcher and good researcher but not a good teacher. And some of the students I have,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: they're like, oh he's he published so well but he is so bad of a teacher and I'm like those two are not related to each other. You can be one and not the other.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I. T. A um organic chemistry for three years. I love that. I mean I love that I put more energy into that in my research after a while and then I was like what am I doing? Let's just go teach like what the
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: hell?
SPEAKER_R: know I I feel the same like I'm gonna get in touch with you after this because I am really interested in teaching. And some of the, most of the time I feel like okay I should go into teaching but I don't know how to get into there.
SPEAKER_L: Our
SPEAKER_R: Like I know the way that okay, you can become a professor, but then you got to do the research unless you're in a community college. But school is, the school is a great place.
SPEAKER_L: and it's a great fall back to for people like us because like you with a physics background like people throw jobs at you. Yeah it's not great but I'll be straight up with the pay is not great. It's not but it's you know in theory it's stable. I worked at a private school and they call them independent schools now because private is not a nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um,
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: and you know, it does kind of suck that I'm not at a public school because I'd like to have more equity and all that, but also like to pay the bills. Um, and independent schools don't care if you haven't had background. They've never cared the
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: back,
SPEAKER_R: I was, yeah, I was talking to some of my friends who teach, but but they have degree in education, like you know what I'm talking about, right? So I'm like, okay, this is getting into school is really tricky. And since I'm an engineering background, getting into community college where they do just science, they don't teach a lot of ensuring they just do math, physics, chemistry, those kind of things. So it's tricky there. So my only option is the state university and like the public school, but there you got to do the research.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I hear that. Um, for for finding private sector work, which I mean, but I don't know. Yeah. I mean, I'd be happy, I'd be happy to chat anytime about that kind of stuff because it's really
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. It's fun. I mean, I I love the community I work in and there are really good schools in your on your end of the coast and admiring the coast for the same reasons. It's where the money is. Um, You know, like in Baltimore, it's like Hopkins, a lot of it is Hopkins kids. Not all of it is happens this happens because you know Hopkins owns 40% of the land in Baltimore city is owned by Hopkins is something like it's the same like they own this city.
SPEAKER_R: So it's crazy. Huh? It's like most of it is them.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's wild down. Yeah. Ah
SPEAKER_R: So it is funny you would say overall like more fun than doing a PhD.
SPEAKER_L: uh Well, I mean it depends on your personality and what you enjoy.
SPEAKER_R: let me quickly
SPEAKER_L: I was like
SPEAKER_R: summarize I like teaching more than the research.
SPEAKER_L: then I would say yes. Yeah. I mean
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: I don't.
SPEAKER_R: I work on research because I have to but I teach because I want to like one of one of one time my professor asked me like do you want to get into the R. R. T. And I said no I I like teaching, give me a teaching assistant. That's better. So that's where I am into.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I I liked it better. I mean I did enjoy research but I'm such a social guy. Like I love interacting with people. I like helping people. The best thing in my day is when I solve someone else's problem or what I learned something from someone or you know collaborate on something and you know, while sometimes with teaching and even now it's mostly just me and the kids and I now I never see my college drives me nuts. Um but still like there's a lot of social interaction is what drives me Um you know, like I'm motivated to work hard on my videos because some kid is going to watch it and even if I'm not making this YouTube video for the Internet, I'm making it for like nearly 15 kids and it's locked down. Like I have them so that you can't find it if you don't have a link so it's safe. But like those 15 kids, like I want them to have some fun like like here enjoy it. Um So I like that. I mean
SPEAKER_R: So the workload is less than usual like when you go and teach her more. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: uh
SPEAKER_R: not just the video like everything
SPEAKER_L: it's really up and down like at the beginning it was way more because I'm like, you know, you're figuring out platforms and even, you know, something like you and me with our background like tech savvy. But that doesn't mean that I like No, you
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: I I feel the same. So I was trying to make a video on campus asia and it was really difficult. Like sometimes I'm speaking and I'm like, okay now I don't know what to say and it's stuck. But then I did the same thing on zoom where I'm teaching live and recording and that went way better than recording and then posting it.
SPEAKER_L: I um most when I do a PowerPoint or actually use google slides, when I do a slide presentation, I just start a zoom meeting with myself. It's Lord and I use it because you know, your face is in the top corner and remote and the ball is all. Then I'll put it in a video editing software. At first I was using I movie because it's free and cheap and impossible to not know how to examine me. But it sucks. It's, you know, but that's a fair trade off, like easy to you. Thanks very whatever. I'm sure now I'm using premiere Pro, which is a little taxing on this Mac Air, which is, you know, it's a nice computer but it cannot video at it really.
SPEAKER_R: Well, no, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: hate to say this. But no, that's
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it gets
SPEAKER_R: matter.
SPEAKER_L: me barely, I complain every day about it, but it gets me through it. So then I'll clip the video that I record I think helps because it gets rid of the like the part where you're like, oh hey everybody that out. And then also the, hey now I'm going, you can cut that down to, hey now I'm going to your face and I think that makes it more exciting and, and that's been a pretty good solution for me. I mean I'll do other gags and gifts and I'll do some stop motion. We're all like, right, like a journal entry for them and it will show
SPEAKER_R: You know
SPEAKER_L: up being written. So that's kind of cool and I do fun stuff like that to keep it interesting. But for the most part, if I'm just recording a video lecture, like zoom is, it's so funny, you do the same thing. It's it works and it just works four,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I get it. It's reliable. It works. It was there at the right time. Why not? I
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: can't imagine that we are using Skype for example. Like I cannot imagine that I don't trust this as much bricks. If
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I just want to call you, I would trust Skype. But if I want to do a lecture from my class, no.
SPEAKER_L: look like unfortunately the fact that like Skype is amazing, it's like Skype, like your dad, like Microsoft bought you and then created its own video conferencing solution that's separate from you because you're dead. Like I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_R: And Microsoft
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: limiting is actually far better than scape.
SPEAKER_L: it has to be anything like it is like it's somebody my buddy just got a new computer. He's like, I could just take Skype off this, right? And I'm like yeah you can just immediately move that. It'll be fine between google and zoom or whatever else and you don't need that. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's so funny. That's hilarious. What else is going on in the world? I don't know. Uh tell me a little bit about your lockdown, I'm super curious.
SPEAKER_R: So, so I am in a very like, it's a smaller town relatively compared to east coast like 80,000 people um in my city,
SPEAKER_L: 10 X. Small Baltimore is like 600, I mean 600,000, yeah
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so in my city relatively people are not um how should I say this? They're not scared. That's one. But at the same time, rightfully so because there is nothing much going on. It's not a, it's not a big airport that it's not on the way to a major city. Like there's nothing much going on in the city. It's it's like a polish town and small town college towns. So there is and all the students are gone back to their home. Well, students are like the people here are living their life normally, but just staying here like being careful, social distancing. But
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's not a block down per se. It's just okay, don't go out if you don't need basically. But on the contrary if you go to san Francisco which is like two hours from here, there is more strict because a lot of people write million people so they're they have it very strict and you can get a ticket for going out if there are more people.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Yeah. Yeah Baltimore is a lot like what you just described because even though it is a bigger city like Baltimore is not dense at all, it's a relatively large area for 600,000 people. I think there are more people who live in the surrounding metro area than in this for a lot of reasons related to history, racism, money. Uh you know there's a huge huge sections of east and west Baltimore that are very low population, a lot of, a lot of the nonsense you hear about the wire. I mean of course driving people say like Baltimore's channels like you can live in Baltimore like rough parts of Baltimore that we should help more. But for the most part Baltimore is just a big Hopkins own like high tech like the best place to get heart surgery in the world is the University of Maryland Medical center like. But there is a word of God here it's a pretty, I love home. It's like there's a really nice plant store near where I work whatever, but because it's so low density like yes, we have a lot to worry about with this, but at the same time like, you know like try not to go out. Everyone, everyone is like, oh hello, I will walk on the other side of the road kind of stuff. No one is like, no one's knocking on your door, no one's giving you tickets, cops are harassing anybody. They just opened up parks again a little bit more open. Not all the way open, but like you know the rules are
SPEAKER_R: graduate that's
SPEAKER_L: only
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: they're doing for us. So our our mayor of the city, he wrote a letter to the governor that okay look at us and look at L. A. Like those situations cannot be the same. Um I guess maybe they're working together to open some of the things especially local businesses because People like 80,000 people in the city and they're like local businesses, they are suffering a lot so they're trying to work with them. But yeah, overall it's it's not as bad the school, they were very careful because students they are from all over California. And even outside uh they go home during the weekend, they come back, they can like anything can happen. So for the school they were preemptive and they closed it like third week of March just before spring break.
SPEAKER_L: pretty similar. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that was really nice of them because at that time Washington and Newark new york, they were exploding. So I guess that was a good decision because California is not as bad comparing 40 million people that we have. Uh So it was not that bad and then L. A. Is a different story. L. A. Is more comparable to new york. So we'll we'll see what happens with that.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, Maryland, I mean I'm actually pretty concerned. I mean it's very, I mean you can now track by zip code in by Maryland pretty easily in Baltimore sun. I don't know if you've looked at similar stuff where you are, but like you can just, you know because I know the city like the zip codes that are more wealthy, more white, Extremely located numbers, some of them as low as like 20. And then the zip codes that have been historically more poor, more black because Baltimore is very much a black white city. A lot of reasons, I don't know how familiar with the history of what mining and stuff. There's a lot there. Um and those case numbers are like 506 107 100 it's it's very troubling. It's very unfortunate and it reflects the fact that I am fortunate enough to work in a school that sent me home and said don't come in and the the guy who brings me my groceries and thank goodness there's less people who are going to the grocery store. And it is good that if I can afford to have someone delivered for me like I can not be another human in that place like that is definitely helping. And I think it is my job to tip well and to not go. So the people who do go can be just people but like that doesn't mean it's equitable in any way. But it is so stark that were there are places.
SPEAKER_R: joe Yeah, for sure. Um Even like from the country where it's like if you look from the big picture and see the states, like look at new york and look at, for example, Wyoming. All right, because I mean there is a population issue, but even Washington, they have a lot of people and they were the first one to get it, but they're doing great. So there is a big difference even among the state,
SPEAKER_L: it's so
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: out. Yeah. I think I can't wait to read a few books in 56 years and somebody decodes some stuff. What really happened that I didn't even think was like the big deal. You know, it's what Yeah, like my school is just starting to talk about what falls in look like and how we're planning because we have to plan now you know? And it is like how do bathrooms work nowadays, how doors work? Oh my god. Apparently they pretty much like come up with this plan, which is that all buildings will have one entrance and one exit. Uh huh. Sound smart. Also what like I have to work in that environment. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: and it's crazy. Yeah, you're right. I think
SPEAKER_L: Not a bad idea.
SPEAKER_R: nothing is gonna be the same, like like now it's going to be different.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I think come up with some good plans, hopefully they work but it is what
SPEAKER_R: yeah. For us somewhere is online again. Um
SPEAKER_L: just my
SPEAKER_R: But for the fall they have like this, they'll decide by next week or so. I think all the state school in California California State University, they decided that follow is going to be virtually as well. But the, you see they haven't decided yet.
SPEAKER_L: that new rocked our community. That was big news for us because like you know everyone's going to follow the first movers and not to go along but I think to go along might be happening. Um So I was going to work in a camp this summer because that's what teachers do, you know, and we work at camps and instead I'm gonna nanny for one family, like I'll
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: put
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: there, but just for one family. So like the social bubble states phone, which is like, hey, it's a way to find work. It's still doing the basic idea of me taking care of kids, but it's so I'm like leading a camp. It's pretty wild.
SPEAKER_R: So just a quick question. So the students are the kids you teach, they are at that age where they can understand you, right? If you tell them something they'll know what you're talking about. I
SPEAKER_L: mean,
SPEAKER_R: will not go the other way like they'll start crying or something.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. No, no, they're pretty good and I wouldn't, you know, and I do vary the way that I talked to say it's upgraded was the fifth grader.
SPEAKER_R: So like they are maybe six or 7 year like the least.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the youngest are seven or so,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so they're pretty able to handle um, pretty complex stuff. I mean for a second grader, like they can't write you well, they can't spell at all. But you know, like I showed them a video of volcanoes and said, can you, can you make a diagram and they can tell you this is the magnet secondary event. This is the main event. This is a crater, blah blah. Like they can do that with almost no help. So like that's about their level.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's great.
SPEAKER_L: The 5th graders like this is a mitochondria is what I'm making them. Do you know like this is what it does. Like they're pretty big.
SPEAKER_R: I mean after their 10, like they are, There were more smart than when I was 10.
SPEAKER_L: I know. That's what I think that I can't, I can't leave these kids is amazing. Um Yeah, well, I think we did half an hour and we actually did almost 35. So I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: want to uh you said you might want to reach out to me. Uh
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, for sure. How do I reach out to you?
SPEAKER_L: So I'm gonna my emails. Noah m Robinson at gmail. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: Then I'll write it so that in case the audio is not great. Uh see how that that looks. That is visible. It was that way for you because it's flip for me.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, no, no. Let me in your back up a little just a little. So I'm reading. Okay. I'm going to write it down. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, sure. So, so it's no a m. Robinson. Noah, spelled as noah is usually spelled N O H M as in like Michael or mary or maybe, or mayhem. And
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: There is
SPEAKER_L: know, it,
SPEAKER_R: no, there is no number after Robinson. Right.
SPEAKER_L: it's all one word. It's all whatever. You shoot me an email and be happy to chat. If you ever think about getting into the, getting into like the independent school world, if you just want to like
SPEAKER_R: Very.
SPEAKER_L: ideas because um, so I work at one all girls school. My wife is actually a principal at another all girls school in the area. So if you're curious to like, or like, I could probably connect you to someone closer to your, to you. Like, I don't know if you want to teach little kids like me, if you'd be more interesting teaching high school, but I could find you like some high school physics teacher to like if you just want to chat their brain off and you know someone younger
SPEAKER_R: Well thank you.
SPEAKER_L: you know put hey man I I wouldn't have my job. It wasn't something like this. So now I'm always like because like I I made this, I made this switch you know? And I didn't even yeah I was like you know what it's time to just start you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My mind is open now after talking because I didn't know you could make a switch. You know,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, I'm not gonna do the education degrees so the stool is off the chart, but
SPEAKER_L: again
SPEAKER_R: it's possible.
SPEAKER_L: if you like your your research reasonably well and of course they like finish your degree. Dear God don't don't. Yeah like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think I think my circumstances were I didn't know if graduation would happen in five years or even six. And at that point I was like is it really worth two years? Not in the labor market and I thought maybe not but but you know after the after you do that like doors will absolutely. Um and it helps to have the degree and all that other stuff and if you like to and I'm sure your to and I will write amazing recommendations for you which that helped me a ton. My my to advisor was different from my research advisor. He wrote me this glowing recommendation that got me into my first job. And yeah, I mean I actually started as an attorney. So I started at a school for only three months. It was kind of like it wasn't a full job but it was, it was a foot in the door and it was an investment in my work and it proved that I could do it. And then I got my recommendation for a full job and it was like okay that is how you do it. You know maybe you baby staff. And it was weird to be like low man on the totem pole. But now here I am, you know, my title is now coordinator of lower school science. So like, hey, you know, you're okay. So yeah, I'd love to chat or I'd love to connect you to be fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Cool. Well now I guess now we say bye and I write mean things about you in the service. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How do of course do I do we disclose this or is there
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: like, does it have to do it wrong? Let me see what it says. It says. You should see a timer below this text. You may use it to keep track of how long you've been. Uh And you hit we hit the next one, right, is that right? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It doesn't. Okay. Okay. I guess. Yeah. Just next button.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm gonna hit the next button and see what happens. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I guess then we close this one.
SPEAKER_L: I guess I wait before we close by. That was a really nice conversations. Really cool to hear what's going on your side coast. This fact
SPEAKER_R: And I'm going to be in touch with you so
SPEAKER_L: that was great.
SPEAKER_R: you haven't got rid of me I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Sounds awesome. I can't wait.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They have a great weekend.