well
how are you?
Good. Not too bad. Huh?
Oh yeah. Yeah. I thought I was early but look at you.
sure.
Every does each other I guess
Yeah. I don't know.
It's
so it's so ambiguous. You know like so we go by the way what
do we want you to do is talk and then that's it. Yeah.
I most of the time
if they tell you that there according then they don't care. But I I participated in one study where they told me that the study is something else.
And when the study comes here they were like oh by the way we were recording you, is it okay if we use it? Because
like they didn't want you to be aware of the recording but
they are a permission letter.
What?
I wonder what kind of studies did they ask for? Just a history or like the accent?
Yeah. They have this thing where you post to your bed and hope
there.
It's strange. I know like facebook, they are trying, they have like the facebook pay. They're trying to come this way and when more is trying to go the other way.
Hi. My name is a new pump.
Um, yeah, I'm in California so. Mm
All right.
General
what is it? Is it really humid like usually?
I wonder how much of that is true because we get dry here. I'm in central Valley so we get dry heat. So Numbers like go as high as they can like 110. But as long as your insight you take a shower, you come out, you're okay.
But
you mean it doesn't help. Right?
Right. Sometimes I feel like helmet is worse but when you go out the wind is so hard here like it's really dry heat.
I guess they both have their own things.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I thought the humid will be nicer because of the temperature. Uh
But I have been in humid environment for a month or so and I'm like no, no, this is bad, this is worse,
Well
yeah, I was saying when it's summer usually, is it like may june or is it later,
but
usually like
there?
yeah, I guess that's the same for you.
really?
And
tell me about it. Yeah,
it's it's it's horrible for me as well because I I go to school um I'm doing my PhD now, so yes, so now I'm trying to work from home, but it's so tricky because you know like when you're in the office you walk by and say hi to people and like you get refreshed, it's just you. So what what do you do? Like you work for an hour or two and they're like, oh that's all for the day.
are
going
You
know.
You know now that you've mentioned it, I have my own different set of problems. Like sometimes I do my officers are the labs virtually. And my problem is that I don't know if students are willing to learn like what if they just joined in and they're sleeping or watching something because it's just me talking. So it's very difficult to gauge the their feedback because it's just like me for an hour talking continuously. And
then you're like, do you understand? And no one's saying anything because they're all mute and
it's so it's so difficult.
So I I'm doing engineering, so idea uh mainly engineering classes, strength of material, fluid mechanics, those kind of things. Uh
for the left, for the left it was very difficult for us, but I guess it was good because starting from january we had our by the end of january we had this idea that this might result into something like virtual environment. So we started working on our labs
to
make
them work.
No like in february we were like oh it's possible that you might help remove virtual because no because all of her classes, there are 100 people, so they were like oh at least for 100 they will do something. Uh
I
guess like apart from like the government was doing whatever they were, you know how it is. But yeah from the school they had this in the beginning of february and at least like first week of february when they told us that okay consider this that you might have to teach virtually.
Well that's what I don't get like uh
you're saying
we're doing good.
Yeah. Yeah. The way I see it, if someone is doing great you wouldn't know it because it's gonna be like okay that is great. It doesn't come into the big picture and I mean now there the situation is getting better in new york fisher compared to the other part of country. But yeah we'll see what happens because everyone is like okay we're we got tired of the shelter in place and we're going to get out. Yeah.
I saw this video like all the like he ran the list anti vaccine people and people who flatters there's and all of them they joined together and they are like protesting this thing together like at least they're United, Man.
Yeah. I'm like okay, at least something made them united.
Oh yeah, yeah, like that's
gonna stand them for us.
I
feel the good thing with zoom is they were already like as some of these things started, they were ready because I know I saw the email from google like 23 days ago, the google meet that it's really and that that thing and like a month ago Skype, they removed the number of users on one chad so everyone is doing their part and maybe there are certain Softwares which are better uh than zoom, but they were there when they were needed. So
yeah. But yeah, definitely they have some sort of, it's easier for you to share the lane to join and to do the seminar webinar whatever you want to do that, that's definitely easier than others.
Yeah. And initially I think when it was january or february I used to use it for our collaborators.
They didn't have some of the features like anyone could share the screen, there is no like weight room, anyone could join if they have the link
there's those were a couple of things which were not really secure. But then I guess in one of the process even those who are not students, they were joining in. It was weird. So now they added new features like while people were complaining.
there is there is this weight room and you know that okay this guy is in my class. Okay, you let them in.
So yeah, I mean for sure because the way the way I do it, I don't want to share the link every time. So I have this like fixed link, right?
And yes, for for each of the class I have the link but then anyone can join if they have the links and then same with the share screen, like if I'm tasting I don't want someone to share screen and do stuff, I don't want them to so that's a good feature. So yeah, I think they're doing great.
yeah, yeah,
it's
human.
Do that.
How how is it, how is it dating? Uh get it, is it is it fun?
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
yeah. I mean we we always have this discussion that okay there like so many things change for in the last 100 years, right? You went from computers to Laptop two iPad 2 phone phones have changed a lot in 20 years. But the education system is the same as it was in 50s. Like you go to school, Teacher teaches there, you write your notes and come back. There is an exam where you do where you are tested and then you pass you go to the next step like it's been same for 80 years so there must be some way we can leverage the technology and I guess what you're saying is when a very good example of that that it can certainly improve how you teach now.
exactly. The reliability is like it's so good. Yeah.
Hi.
Yeah. What can you expect you?
So I'm curious, did you did you have to study education for?
Oh I see I see. I see.
I know. I know. I feel that every day.
That that happens.
And it's it's completely marble because I feel that a lot in my school there are two kinds of world three kinds one who is a good teacher but not a good researcher and good researcher but not a good teacher. And some of the students I have,
they're like, oh he's he published so well but he is so bad of a teacher and I'm like those two are not related to each other. You can be one and not the other.
You
know I I feel the same like I'm gonna get in touch with you after this because I am really interested in teaching. And some of the, most of the time I feel like okay I should go into teaching but I don't know how to get into there.
Like I know the way that okay, you can become a professor, but then you got to do the research unless you're in a community college. But school is, the school is a great place.
Yeah.
Hey.
Because
I was, yeah, I was talking to some of my friends who teach, but but they have degree in education, like you know what I'm talking about, right? So I'm like, okay, this is getting into school is really tricky. And since I'm an engineering background, getting into community college where they do just science, they don't teach a lot of ensuring they just do math, physics, chemistry, those kind of things. So it's tricky there. So my only option is the state university and like the public school, but there you got to do the research.
Yeah.
So it's crazy. Huh? It's like most of it is them.
So it is funny you would say overall like more fun than doing a PhD.
let me quickly
summarize I like teaching more than the research.
because
I work on research because I have to but I teach because I want to like one of one of one time my professor asked me like do you want to get into the R. R. T. And I said no I I like teaching, give me a teaching assistant. That's better. So that's where I am into.
So the workload is less than usual like when you go and teach her more. Yeah
not just the video like everything
So
I I feel the same. So I was trying to make a video on campus asia and it was really difficult. Like sometimes I'm speaking and I'm like, okay now I don't know what to say and it's stuck. But then I did the same thing on zoom where I'm teaching live and recording and that went way better than recording and then posting it.
Well, no, Yeah,
I
hate to say this. But no, that's
matter.
You know
Yeah. I get it. It's reliable. It works. It was there at the right time. Why not? I
can't imagine that we are using Skype for example. Like I cannot imagine that I don't trust this as much bricks. If
I just want to call you, I would trust Skype. But if I want to do a lecture from my class, no.
And Microsoft
limiting is actually far better than scape.
Yeah.
So, so I am in a very like, it's a smaller town relatively compared to east coast like 80,000 people um in my city,
yeah, so in my city relatively people are not um how should I say this? They're not scared. That's one. But at the same time, rightfully so because there is nothing much going on. It's not a, it's not a big airport that it's not on the way to a major city. Like there's nothing much going on in the city. It's it's like a polish town and small town college towns. So there is and all the students are gone back to their home. Well, students are like the people here are living their life normally, but just staying here like being careful, social distancing. But
yeah, it's not a block down per se. It's just okay, don't go out if you don't need basically. But on the contrary if you go to san Francisco which is like two hours from here, there is more strict because a lot of people write million people so they're they have it very strict and you can get a ticket for going out if there are more people.
graduate that's
what
they're doing for us. So our our mayor of the city, he wrote a letter to the governor that okay look at us and look at L. A. Like those situations cannot be the same. Um I guess maybe they're working together to open some of the things especially local businesses because People like 80,000 people in the city and they're like local businesses, they are suffering a lot so they're trying to work with them. But yeah, overall it's it's not as bad the school, they were very careful because students they are from all over California. And even outside uh they go home during the weekend, they come back, they can like anything can happen. So for the school they were preemptive and they closed it like third week of March just before spring break.
that was really nice of them because at that time Washington and Newark new york, they were exploding. So I guess that was a good decision because California is not as bad comparing 40 million people that we have. Uh So it was not that bad and then L. A. Is a different story. L. A. Is more comparable to new york. So we'll we'll see what happens with that.
joe Yeah, for sure. Um Even like from the country where it's like if you look from the big picture and see the states, like look at new york and look at, for example, Wyoming. All right, because I mean there is a population issue, but even Washington, they have a lot of people and they were the first one to get it, but they're doing great. So there is a big difference even among the state,
so.
and it's crazy. Yeah, you're right. I think
nothing is gonna be the same, like like now it's going to be different.
yeah. For us somewhere is online again. Um
But for the fall they have like this, they'll decide by next week or so. I think all the state school in California California State University, they decided that follow is going to be virtually as well. But the, you see they haven't decided yet.
Why
don't
you?
So just a quick question. So the students are the kids you teach, they are at that age where they can understand you, right? If you tell them something they'll know what you're talking about. I
will not go the other way like they'll start crying or something.
So like they are maybe six or 7 year like the least.
Okay. Yeah. So yeah.
Yeah, that's great.
I mean after their 10, like they are, There were more smart than when I was 10.
And
yeah, yeah, for sure. How do I reach out to you?
I mean,
Oh no, no, no. Let me in your back up a little just a little. So I'm reading. Okay. I'm going to write it down. Okay.
it.
There is
no, there is no number after Robinson. Right.
Very.
Well thank you.
Yeah. My mind is open now after talking because I didn't know you could make a switch. You know,
I'm like, I'm not gonna do the education degrees so the stool is off the chart, but
it's possible.
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure. Thank you.
Yeah. How do of course do I do we disclose this or is there
like,
Okay. It doesn't. Okay. Okay. I guess. Yeah. Just next button.
Okay. I guess then we close this one.
And I'm going to be in touch with you so
you haven't got rid of me I guess.
Yeah. Thank you. Bye.