Hello?
Hello, how are you?
I'm pretty good. I think I joined like a few minutes earlier. My timers at like six minutes now.
Yeah. My clocks are all out of whack, like my desktop. It's like two hours ahead and then my phone and laptop don't agree. So
uh I live in naperville. It's like Exactly. Well it's just three or five right now.
Yeah. Where are you coming from?
From
so that's central time. Okay. Very cool. What's your name?
Daisy asked a cool name. I'm joe.
Yeah. You too daisy.
thanks. Yeah, that's a cool tapestry.
Yeah, this is like hyper X.
Um I usually play Overwatch. I haven't gamed a whole lot lately but yeah, usually when I do it's like Overwatch
sometimes. Um Once in a while I called you the zombies. That was always fun.
Well yeah, that's what all my friends are playing now.
Yeah, it's like so many different games combined in one. Yeah. I mean it's like League of Legends. Yes go over watch all these different things.
have
you played?
I'm sorry what?
Ah I started this summer probably back in like june I want to say and I really like it. I was looking for ways to make money online and this was the one I found that was just uh definitely the best consistently.
and it was super easy to set up to, it's just like all right put in your email, answer some questions and then we'll start sending a service and I made
like
alarm. Oh I was gonna ask um Mhm. Have you played League of Legends before?
I used
to
play
it a lot and um I know that riot, the company who made valent. The only thing they had, the only game they had for many years was League of Legends. So sometimes people talk about like oh you know it's about time they come out with something else.
for sure it's even worse if you don't have the best internet. Yeah I played legal legends a lot but I wasn't that good at it either. I
was
really competitive though.
Yeah I'm in college
North Central
U. T. Very cool. What are you studying?
Medical laboratory supervisor? Oh interesting. So how similar is that to being like a nurse or doctor or
something like that or is it like an entirely different thing?
interesting. Yeah I didn't I didn't even really think of that.
Uh huh. Cool. Yeah. When I was really young I was interested in like um medicine and anesthesiology in particular but there's no way I could do that now way to like queasy with that kind of stuff.
I'm
studying.
I'm studying ah math and Physics.
Yeah physics is hard for sure. It's really hard but I love her
So it's like Physics one
physics
to.
that's pretty much what I'm taking uh in the fall, I'm gonna be a sophomore so it's like the second year for us for us they have physics to which is like what you said with the light waves and then there's a separate class, it's like a two credit one. Usually a full classes for uh the two credit 1 is on like special relativity. Lawrence transformations a little bit of introduction to quantum basically all like the stuff when people talk about physics like that's like interesting I guess.
Do you prefer chemistry?
I see. Yeah
that's true. Especially with Biology I mean you have like you know there's so many visual aids and it's very straightforward. It's like once something has a name that's pretty much it then you can just reference it like and where you want.
Um So there's actually two things um thinking about doing one is like physics research, so I like theoretical physics so I'd like to just stop with that. And the other thing would be more math related actually. I'm sorry there's like three things. The second thing would be um doing like linguistic research with math because I like languages and stuff like that. So I think if I combine that with math that'd be pretty cool. Um And now the third thing would be some sort of like teaching
because I've I've been tutoring kids in like middle school high school for about a year now and that's pretty nice. That wouldn't be my like top priority thing to do, but it's always there.
Yeah exactly like another source of income.
Um So back in like june they sent out some emails saying like really vague stuff like they're gonna adopt, learn from anywhere approach. And then um what it sounded like was they were going to have either be like half online, half in person or like specific classes. Um You know like it would be different for specific classes so maybe the labs, you would do them online and then bigger classes, they would split it up, so half of the week, half of the class would be there, then the other half the rest of the class would come in and then some classes are just straight up online and it was actually recently that they updated exactly how each class was going to work. So um you go on the website that shows you different classes and then they have it updated. So right now like half of my classes are just straight up online, including physics and the lab. And then I think one of them is like since the class is pretty big and North Central is a small school so big is like 30 kids uh books classes they divide up so like you half of the week you're in the classroom and then the other half you're out personally. I'm thinking that I just prefer to do all online especially since it's only like one or 2 classes that I would have to go in for and it would only be half the week. The only
downside.
Yeah exactly and the only downside of that is that um yeah I'm just gonna be like in my room I won't be able to see my friends but I can always work something out. What
about
you?
Even like
the the lab work everything.
Yeah I would think with like working in the lab and doing stuff like that would definitely help to do like hands on sort of things.
Yeah like my cousin is doing like h back stuff, do you know it's back
H. Vac is like um it's like trade sort of stuff so uh has to do with like air conditioning units, things like that in buildings that you'd come in and fix. So that's what he's studying and that's pretty much all hands on work. I mean there's only so much you can do with like answering questions or doing assignments online. So I think he's taking a gap year from that. And personally I was thinking about doing the exact same thing. But the problem is um this year in particular I'm just taking so many valuable classes. Like I wouldn't want to miss out what I have this
year. It's like all the core classes, pretty much everything after this is like, jen adds research methods, stuff like that.
that's true.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Let's get a feel for it,
No.
Pretty,
pretty much. Yeah. It's weird because I didn't really love the class, the physics, like when I had to take a junior year, I was not planning on majoring in it, but the more I thought about it, the more I realized like, oh, you know, this is so connected with math, which I knew I wanted to study in some way or another. Originally, I was looking at like computer science, but I don't know, I just, I realized like I didn't really want to do computer science, but I was still interested in math, so figured like, you know, I think physics is interesting even though I didn't really like the class because I don't know, it's different when you have to do like labs or stuff. But I realized like, yeah, you know, I can combine these things to be good major to have.
Yeah, I do some tutoring. Sorry,
I just
got
like
three prolific notifications.
Yeah, so a tutoring on the side um before like earlier in the year I was working at this brick and mortar building rabbit tutor kids and that was really nice. Super consistent work and ah was working with a lot of different kids and then that place closed out. It wasn't related to the coronavirus or quarantines or anything. I think they were just doing uh pretty bad financially so that place shut down. But the guy who ran it, he was pretty cool. So what he did was set me up with uh the kids at the library right by the place. So I worked with them there for about Like a week or two and then the quarantine started so that really messed things up. And um I had asked the kids like you know you do you still want tutoring online or whatever and of course they didn't really care but um since then I've been working with like one student a week online.
Yeah it's not the best but it's something.
Yeah no it's it's not
but
it's
it's convenient
uh Pretty much just math. Yeah. Yeah if I were to tutor in physics so definitely be like um It would have to be like Physics one for sure. But even then it's like although I've taken the class there's still things that I would have to like think about, you know what I mean? It's like even if you know the equations and everything, it's the conceptualization that it's really hard to teach, it's kind of I don't know it's like a different kind of skill.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah like I remember um one time we had like this online assignment for physics and there was like a weird example video embedded in the assignment and it had to do with like moment of inertia And so it was a video of the sky like Rolling two cans down a ramp, one was empty I guess and the other had something in it. And what happened was um they can't like the can with less stuff in it. Um I think that's the one that one but the way the way he explained it was completely counterintuitive to like the equation um
describing moment of inertia which if you forgot it's like how resistant something is to rotating. So yeah like mass, it's basically the rotational equivalent of mass. So with um I think if you have like, so the equation is I. Equals M. R. Squared. So if you have um a cylinder with like nothing in it, I'm pretty sure um I'm trying to remember but basically the guy in the video explained it completely wrong and I brought it up to the teacher and she like she reviewed it and she talked to another professor about it and yeah they took it down, it was it was backwards. It's weird.
Yeah cracked the system.
Yeah that's probably it.
Yeah. Yeah North Central's in naperville and that's where I live. So even even then it's still pretty expensive.
Yeah it's like a 15 minute drive.
Yeah. What about you? Are you living on campus?
Are you said he had an apartment?
it's hard uh doing the online classes so easy to get distracted, but um if you can discipline yourself enough and like do what you have to get done, it could actually be better because I don't, at least for me, the second semester for the first year when it was all in line, I felt like they cut back a lot on the work, it was just like ah here's what you have to do, get it done by the end of the week or whatever
really, with the online classes, wow,
I felt the exact opposite way, like the busy work is pretty much eliminated,
And so did you take tests online as well?
What
do you
mean doing Proctor
Rocks?
my
Oh my god. So they have like the camera on and they record what? Oh my god, That's crazy
brother.
That's insane. I've never heard of that. Yeah. For us it was just like okay um Well physics was the one class where we had like a few tests to take
a home and um you basically started a timer, so you clicked like the button and then um there will be a link to like a pdf or something of the test, like all the questions, so what you would do is write down like on a piece of paper, the questions, all your work, the answers, and then when you were done you take a picture of it and upload it and then uh the professor would create it. There wasn't anything like I'm watching your screen or taking control of your mouse, anything like that. But um It's funny because on the final like 14 kids cheated or something, there was a lot of kids who cheated and I guess uh the professor found out because um the kids must have started at like the exact same time and that had the exact same answers for
the
and what.
Yeah like the final was it was all like multiple choice then you typed in like numbers online, but we had like a midterm or something, like a quiz right before it. And a lot of kids cheated on that as well.
Yeah she sent out an email before um So it was weird like I think what happened was we took this quiz before the final um and then we took the final and I think she graded the final first just because it was easier. Yeah and so she found out through the final that kids are cheating. So she sent out an email saying like you know um if you email me like why you cheated and all this you won't get in trouble and I'll forgive you pretty much what she said. And then she graded the quiz after the final and found out even more kids cheated on that. So yeah she basically sent out the same email again.
Yeah, definitely sucked for her though.
2 3 minutes. Yeah. Yeah it looks the same here. Uh Do you play any sports?
Not an outdoors person.
What year are you in college?
Did you do anything in like high school?
More academic?
Did you get that? Really? Oh
congratulations. That's
quickly.
Yeah it's just like a full ride to the school
also like guaranteed acceptance. Oh I see.
Um No no they didn't have anything like that. I actually don't really know how the ranking of my school worked, it was different because my high school was like, you know, there was a lot of um how do I describe it? Like a lot of kids who did really good on the like standardized tests and stuff like that. So ranking was really, it was like a weird thing, didn't talk about it too much. I think you would only know if you like really dug into it.
like we didn't have anything like that.
No, it was uh it was a decent sized public school, it's called. Ah I don't know if you've heard of it? Nicola Nicola Valley. Mm
it's like kind of by Chicago.
Oh yeah. Were you born there? Mhm.
So have you lived in texas before you went to college?
Yeah, I almost moved to texas. Um I was really young like in elementary school for my mom's job, but uh that didn't end up happening.
I heard. Yeah. It's just gonna be like hot as hell every
Yeah. Here you get a nice balance of like it'll be really hot and really cold and then you get in between as well.
Um Yeah, it looks like it all right, daisy nice talking to you.
All right, bye.