Hi.
I'm good. How are you?
You're good. I guess we're starting right at three so it's easy to keep track.
What time is it there?
Okay, okay. Same time zone.
I'm from texas, Houston
area. Yeah,
Oh, I'm daisy.
Nice to meet you.
I like the whole Galaxy thing you have going on behind you.
Are those gaming headsets?
Uh what games do you play?
No.
I'm more of a ballerina person. So
the new thing,
Yeah, I mean still new at it, but you know, yeah. So
how long
have you ari
I was gonna ask if you've been doing prolific for long?
Mhm Yeah, it wasn't sketchy. Mhm
were you going
to add? Yeah,
I've tried it. I can't say I'm the best at it. Yeah,
it's
very
much,
Yeah, I wasn't the best at league. And then it just, I guess, um it didn't help that I'm playing like on a laptop and not like a desktop. Yeah.
Are
you
yeah are you a college student or working or?
Cool. Uh Which college?
Okay I go to U. T.
I'm a medical laboratory science major which is like small subdivision of bio
Well
it's kind of different like you know how whenever you get blood drawn or whatever they like send it to the test to do labs. That's yeah that lab is my major. Yeah
it's a very like behind the scenes job.
What
do you
smell you?
I cannot do physics. Oh my gosh.
I'm doing a summer course right now since uh physics is one of our like required courses and it's not going so hot.
Uh Physics too so like
the more
conceptual stuff with like light and relativity and all that. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, no that's definitely not my fortune bit too conceptual for me.
I'm out of all the sciences. I'd rate it like biology than chemistry and physics.
Yeah. It's just a lot easier to like physically kind of see this stuff that's happening in Biology and chemistry.
Do you know what you want to do with physics or math?
Welcome.
backups are good to have,
Yeah. Is your college going fully online?
Doesn't
seem worth.
My
classroom,
yeah, my classes are fully online So I'm just gonna be chilling in my apartment 24/7. Yeah, it
wagging.
See uh my college isn't fully online I guess. Maybe because of like um international students and all of that. But like my specific classes are uh some of the classes here are pretty big, so it's like most of the classes are online. I think maybe Like the mandatory ones I know um some friends that have to go on campus for like two classes, but like other than that it's mostly online. Yeah.
Yeah, I've delayed like my coursework a semester just because I can't do any of those labs online as well, and my entire major is kind of dependent on labs, so it's a bit problematic.
I don't.
like.
Mhm. Yeah, it sucks for people who have course this year, at least you got the year of like normal freshman experience
kind of.
Uh Yeah, I know when I go back, so many freshmen are gonna want to have like parties just because they want that college experience and that they're missing out on button. Mhm. can't help on people following rules.
It's pretty cool about if you're doing physics. Was it just like you found out in high school that you really like physics? So you decided
to go forward?
mm You said you teach students on the side? Right,
How
do you
like
that?
You're good.
advice
to I imagine tutoring over like a zoom call isn't the easiest.
Do you also
teach
them?
Do you teach them math and physics or
I think it's funny kids can always like ask some really like absurd question or like conceptual question and you won't even know the answer.
Yeah,
You beat the system?
Yeah. Wait, so is your college private or?
Okay, so I imagine tuitions like high and all of that for the online courses.
Oh so you do you just commute from home to college then?
Oh that's so close. Oh my gosh.
And
yeah in fall I will be on campus. Hopefully I don't die somehow. But right now I'm just at home. Yeah. Yeah I I would have done fully home but I don't think I can like mentally stand it for a whole year especially with school. Yeah.
Yeah. It both felt like that and also like a lot of busy work like.
Okay.
Yeah. No before it was just like you know you have your two final, your two exams to the exams and then your final and that's like your entire grade. But now it's like okay you have this pre class assignment, you have this like end of week right up or whatever and Yeah.
Yeah. It's fun taking tests while being proctor duh, I hate it.
Bill
how?
So you give like your computer um they can take control of your mouth and
then yeah,
they take it then they see your screen, they record you. Um Some programs are really strict where like if you're looking outside of your laptop, they'll kind of like flag it for potentially cheating.
And then a lot of people are like back home and they have like bad parents and people are worried like, oh my gosh, do they hear my parents outside? And like do they think it's cheating because it's if a person walks into
the room, it's like automatic, like flag
And
Okay. I would imagine
what they're right on test. There'd be a lot easier to find cheating.
Unlike a written test or like you have to write your work.
Oh your poor professor.
On it's nice.
Yeah, I know professors who definitely would not give that second chance and just automatically like report that student. Right, Okay. I think we still have like 2, 3 minutes sound
I'm not an outdoorsy person.
At most I did I tried fencing in college. Yeah,
I'm going to be a third year. Yeah, but the only sport I've tried in college so far is fencing that I like really liked.
No more academic year.
Yeah, In Texas, it's like if you're the top six or 7%, then you get automatic admission into a college into a beauty. So it was kind of like, yeah, just be top of your class about what you don't have to try as hard for like other colleges and like not getting in.
Yeah
it helps that
my school was large.
No, no it's all right just like you're in a bare minimum.
Yeah. I don't know if you guys have that.
Yeah my school makes like a big deal out of rankings. Like they get like the top students uh would like share their ranks and like whenever we got them it was always like going to your friends asking what rank are you, what rank are you? Right,
it sounds a lot nicer. Was your school like a private school? Is it just smaller your high school?
You're up in the north? Right. Yes,
okay. I used to live in michigan but didn't have any knowledge of any geography besides just michigan.
Huge culture shock moving from michigan down to texas.
Yeah I was mostly I did like my middle school and high school in texas. Uh Yeah my elementary was all in michigan.
Uh huh. You have it better with the weather up there and then down here. I promise you that
if you. Mhm.
Yeah. No we just get hot. Okay I think we're good on time.
Nice to meet you go.