Oh yeah. Yeah. One Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah, it's crazy. Hello?
Okay, I'm gonna do this set.
I'm on.
Right,
come on. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you. Thank you. I had to do like a very similar thing the last time I did one of these like my internet shorted out and I had to like bring had to like run and get
Yeah.
It's okay. I only woke up a few hours ago and it's
like I'm doing right now so I don't know. I'm in Washington. Where you at?
Yeah.
What part of florida?
I moved up here from florida from
uh yeah from Ponta Gorda area if you're familiar with.
it's a small little fishing
out.
Very
big like me.
it will.
Oh,
but
And so
six or said. Okay. Always
forget if it's like three or four hours difference out
there.
What?
No, I'm on pacific
is it like half
No,
I'm
bringing it down so I can look at that
shoot
serious
right. Um I came out with my mom and because I was going to go to I went to culinary school out here. I dropped out before I finished. Yeah. Program. But I just I uh just kind of like settled in and didn't leave again because I I really like it out here. It's very nice. I missed the weather out in florida a lot.
The
focus
Thanks.
I tried to it's a little difficult right now. What with, you know, covid and everything? There's not as many like outdoors places that are open. Yeah, but
it's like there's so much hiking and stuff like that out here that's like no, it's gonna complain about being on out so. Yeah.
Whoa.
Were you up here before then?
Are you this mean you're trying to go out to the parks more right now where you're at? Uh huh.
What?
No,
they closed down the beaches to them?
so
bad.
but
that's
it.
Would you say your cases
are
Yeah, I know, I feel like it's just like surge and then drops and then served in the drop? Oh,
it's gonna be all right. Yeah,
it's just uh just like sit in bed and I like I do the doom scroll, unfortunately they're calling it and I'm like, oh God yeah.
Yeah. Um I think two, I knew two people, one who worked at the same place that I worked, but they got it after we like after everybody was laid off fairly uh and then I knew a bartender that got it. It was weird because when the bartender got it, they worked on this strip, like it's kind of like this famous strip up here and the whole trip was like uh you know
like just
like shut yeah.
I love that too. I was I was rooting for it, I was like alright, some of it's coming back and maybe maybe I can like go out and eat just a little bit. Yeah.
naturally.
One
it's gonna be such a weird memory.
like
on and off open meeting
well uh
Birth.
Well
we
start. That's great too, wow.
Yeah, and then on my, on my schooling online now too. Is she, does she have, does she have like, did they set her up with a laptop? And I know they've been doing that with some schools over here.
Whoa.
Where?
Like
difficult
fire. Okay.
what?
It's
it's so like dehumanizing. I feel like I have this, I have this class as a writing class. It has like 15 people in it and it's just my teacher and then a bunch of black boxes because nobody wants to like turn their camera on.
I'm
like,
did he was at the beginning of every class. She's like how y'all doing out there in the void. Nobody answered.
Nobody is would we
feel simple
months
where?
normal.
It is. It
is
is my freshman year of university.
I know. I was so, I was so looking forward to like getting to know people and like meeting like make them some new connections, maybe find people with similar interests. A
bunch of
boxes.
it's
No, no, they're
trying, you can tell that really like, like the university itself is like really trying to do like club meetings online and like game nights online, like I can't, for some reason it's so much harder. I'm if you feel this way too, but like it's so much harder to schedule virtual events or like to keep virtual events even like in my mind, like, you know, if I have somebody coming up to me, if I see a friend of the store and they're like, you should come to this thing on friday, everybody is going to be there. I'm like, yes, but we play, let's get on uh event notification on facebook or
something
like
like
Can experience.
now
we want to be my mistakes here. Mhm.
It's
not Yeah,
we were
just all very good.
What
um what grade is your son in? Okay.
you probably made some connections that are going to like carry over. Yeah.
Well
what's
he go for?
You want to be in an initial organizer?
where are you?
The
what?
Uh Yeah I do. It's strange for sure.
Yeah I do. Um at least for right now I'm like it might change. Um But I uh I'm a psychedelics activists around around here. And so my my goal is to come out of a psychology major, prepared to go again to school um to get a certificate and psychedelic assistance therapy. So I would be the person in the room with somebody who's like going under a PTSD like M. D. M. A. Trial or um ketamine therapy or something like that.
it's
a good thing to catch I feel I mean at least in the modern
world with how much you're exposed to and how much we see and
No. Yeah.
It is for sure. Yeah. I mean just thinking about uh like 17 years old is still such a, I feel like that's such a formative Year. Um 19 and 18 you're still so young.
Like I didn't, I turned into an adult until I was like 26 I'm 27 right now so you know.
I didn't get that. Yeah. Just a little, you know?
it's
like weird like I feel like there's a lot of like toxic masculinity um in the, in the military and like the yelling and all just like, yeah, it's like go, go, go, like it's very good to like binding and uh huh Yeah, I could, I mean, I could imagine getting just from going breaking basic training.
Well, did
that were gas thing I heard about? They like
huh
yeah,
no,
why?
huh
I'm just gas um
I
think,
No,
no, I
want to go, I'm too sensitive.
No, uh there was a time in my life where I thought that I could, like I was living in, I was born in pennsylvania
opinion.
Well,
oh sweet, I'm, I'm uh Union Town is
where I'm from.
I'm
Well, that's super weird. I was just talking to my partner about people from Pittsburgh. I was like, I was like, I feel like people from pennsylvania, we're all just a little a little friend
and that's okay. I like when people from pennsylvania.
All
No, like bring them back uh when I was like, considering joining the military, I was like, how can I leave this place as soon as possible. Mm and still
mhm
Movie
Well, yeah, it's a full time commitment afterwards. Uh
No,
I do. Yeah, I don't have much counter space. I just live in like a video apartment, but, but my partner has a whole house. And so whenever I go over there, he has like a nice gas range to, I love like blame ranges so much easier to cook on. Uh huh Yeah. I like to do it up a little bit
in Washington. Not a lot of people do. I feel
You
know,
we just opened
home. No. Yeah.
we had, we actually had like a week, we had a week where it
was really hot with the fires and stuff. Yes.
That was weird. Like you just look out and it's like yellow hot and humid and like, like there's a whole layer of like perspiration like trapped underneath all the smoke. So it's like fog and smoke at the same time. Strand, right? And then, and then it rained and then we got cold again and then it comes warm again and then it got cold,
you know,
I think it's like 54 right now.
absolutely. Yeah,
it starts out, but
the body were open. I'm like, I'll sometimes when I wake up I see the sun, I see the sun out and I'm like, oh my gosh, I can wear like a T shirt or something. And then I ask Siri, I'm like, what celebrity right now, Like 49 degrees and like
Yeah, it's not
Uh miss sitting out on a one I and like just like giving in that humidity. Um
Like
what?
That's
one
night.
No, I feel that I'm prepared for the for the coming winter months here because it
can be
we
have like Armageddon the other year. Yeah,
pretty high.
Yeah. I mean, I like I did the I fell in love, you know? So now I'm screwed. Um
I know. Well, I guess we'll stick around for you,
but
thank you.
What?
Well,
before, before we, uh, before we say goodbye because I believe our time is approaching.
Thank
you. Thanks for. Okay. Yeah.
What do you do?
Mhm Yeah, He's there for a second. I'm like, wait.
Uh huh. Uh huh
Yeah.
What
was your
name? Yeah. Okay. I'm loose.
Look,
L
E.
The solution is my given name. Yeah. Right.
100 office. So
I love it.
we're
going
to mira.
Yeah. Okay. You're the proof here to merit here. Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you. Go after the nickname. They don't, they don't understand that. Like your loose. Like what? And I'm
like, no. And I spell it out and they're like, oh, okay.
It does sometimes. Yeah. Yeah.
yeah. You too. Very
much.
I'm
well weird now.
I
Youtube
and go and with a good months of florida.
And