I have to turn, let me turn it up
one second I'm gonna go um can you hear me? Because
um I need to grab my charger? Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Okay.
Okay.
alternate devices. Yeah
I just I just washed my hair. Sorry I didn't get myself together a little bit better.
good.
in florida? In Washington state. Okay.
I'm in florida.
South florida. Not not far from Miami. Oh
where?
I know where it is. Yeah I do
very star
little yet around
the park
you spend is available on prolific. You can go right past. Did you hear that? I know you can you can go
past it without even knowing that you passed florida. Yes.
So
what is it? 3:00 out there? Oh
six here.
Yeah,
me
too. And then there's the one that's like mountain time I think, are
you? You're not on mountain time right?
Yeah there's like a mountain time and every time I see that I'm like did they just make that up? Like what
it's
like it's like two hours behind me. I don't even know why it exists. Yeah there's a mountain time.
No.
Yeah. Kind of the last thing I did when they were in mountain time
and I said is did you make that up just now? I didn't even realize
it was like something else in between. What's up with all the times. So why did you move out there?
Yeah but out there I bet. I mean it's so beautiful and you have the change of seasons and the fall is so beautiful
out
there. Do you spend
a lot of time outdoors?
Yeah.
Um
You guys have water. You have the hiking of all the parks and stuff down here. That's what we tried to do a lot was go to the parks mainly and
where where you are. No.
just where we are. Yeah we were going to the beach fairly regularly anyway. But then once covid hit you know you're you're so limited and then the parks were actually closed
for a while. So you didn't have you
had nothing, You had nothing. So
they did for a while. Yeah. I want
to see.
Yeah I feel bad and people didn't understand because they kept saying if you're outside that you're safer. Um But yeah but like I'm gonna say like maybe april and may the beaches were closed, the parks were closed
but everything now is uh wide open. Yeah. In
our case
we're going up to prove it. But you know what are you going to do?
I think
all the covid cases are going on. But what are you gonna do? Everybody's over it.
And I think, I think that's what happens to people. You start thinking, okay finally
and I guess really chase what one or two people out there and still have it and start passing around again and here we are.
To roll. That sounds bad. Did you know people at colvin?
Well
it's
Yeah. It found us. Yeah. Anyway.
Maybe not. Maybe not just yet. We'll all back to everything soon enough eventually. Right.
That's what I keep saying. This will all be a memory
which is hard to believe. And one day it will be a memory.
Yes. And it's funny because my my daughter is in 5th grade. Excuse me. And um she goes to the school where my husband works. So because she's considering staff kid, they have the option where they could do two weeks at home and two weeks at school.
So
Yeah and alternating. So
most kids didn't go back at all. But she's doing she goes two weeks and she's home for two weeks and I told her, I said you should, this will never happen again that you get an option in your life to not go
to school. Like so you're one of those kids that I look back on this, you know when you're 50
until your kids, yeah, we didn't have to go to school every day. You're like,
what
what kind of times were you living in? Yeah.
Yeah. If you needed a device, they would try to give you one, but she didn't, but everyone can't
get a device because they just didn't have enough for everybody. So it's kind of like first come, first serve situation. Um But she has school all day, like actual school with her teachers, you know, they're on zoom. So she has a regular class schedule. So it's just like being at school. So,
but monday is her two weeks to go back, so she's looking forward to going back. Then. I have a son in college and he's they go to class on Tuesdays and
every other
school.
actual physical class on Tuesday. But
the other dates he's in his dorm, he doesn't like, he doesn't like online school. Most of the people I talked to do not like it.
It's called. Yeah.
You
don't have
to feel you don't have to be on camera in college. What?
nope.
That's
funny.
You mention
that because I did ask my son, I said, are you ever on on camera? He was like, no, they don't require you to be on camera. Never on camera.
Yeah. So it must be kind of weird to talk to just black boxes. Yeah.
Comes
back. I thought I feel really bad though. What you are you mhm
it is where the people we felt bad for. Like I said, what was the worst time to be your freshman in college? Oh,
Finding
him.
Yeah. Because you find new things and new people from everywhere and do things that you're interested in and just campus
life. And I could assume you've been waiting to have some freedom and to do some things and it's like nothing to do.
What?
you
know
what
gone? It's not it's not real. Yeah, feels like like it's not real. Yeah, I do feel bad for the freshman because you're not getting that true college
experience as a freshman when you're supposed to be doing some of the things that you shouldn't be doing right as a freshman yet it's
expected.
usually, you know, you get serious and more serious every year, but now you guys don't have that one year to just sort of blow off in a
sense.
By the
time,
it'll be time to get serious by the time you can get, you know, free covid free again. Oh
well
he's in his second there. Yeah, he's in a second year. So he got to at least, you know, do all the freshmen type things. And then now this year he's, you know, you did it also your second year you do a little bit, but you're, you know, starting to get a little more interested in your classes and stuff like that. So he got to get all that stuff out of his system. So. Yeah.
He's already
made friends and stuff like
that. Yeah,
criminal justice. I was just asking him what he wants to do um D. A. Or a. T. F. He was just giving me all these initials. The F.
Yeah. He said the FBI the CIA he said ice. I said don't do ice, please don't do ice. I don't want to separating Children from their parents. I don't care for that one. There's
of I said do D. A. You can separate you know the drug dealers from their drugs but don't separate Children from their families. I don't like that one at all. So no, we'll
see how that goes.
Keep doing all right. So do you like it so far at least?
Mhm. You know what you want to do?
that's interesting. My son was in the military and I got a diagnosis of PTSD. I mean, I don't know if they throw that around anything, you know anymore or
um I don't know,
I know,
mm and I think military, you know, I'm very glad he went, you know, G I Bill doesn't pay for college and everything, but he was 17 when he got sent to Afghanistan, like, like he turned 18 over there, like he wasn't supposed to go right away, but of course, you know, it's the military, so they tell you one thing and then once you get in there it turns out that he did have to go earlier than they were supposed to go. Um you know, he was so young to be over there and why, you know, I don't I don't know if he saw anything that was like, you know, terribly life changing, but in that age to be and that's sort of an environment I'm sure it couldn't help, you know, so give him the you know, PTSD diagnosis as well so
he's okay. That's why I'm just like I don't know, you know, we like waiting for something. I mean he has his moments but overall so I can imagine that that position you're talking about would be greatly needed.
correct.
No. And and then when you remember that he's a boy so you always have to add a couple of years on for them because they're
Behind so very early to be put in that sort of adult situation um You're an adult that's just quickly to have to take on adult responsibilities so fast. Yeah.
So.
The first six weeks. Huh? Being a trip to the Middle East.
I know.
And the. Yeah so they give you um uh
they videotaped that part so yeah
when when you graduate from boot camp you can actually buy the C. D. That just shows
okay and that part is on there. Yeah and he talks about
I just talk to him about it again to like how it was as terrible as it sounds. He says it was absolutely terrible. He was like people like dropping to their knees. Um
You literally think that this is it and he was like as hard as you know the military it's gonna be in that like they're not going to kill you. He said you start thinking like maybe this was some sort of a setup. Yeah because they put them in this room with no windows and doors and
and just gas them and it's on video. Yeah it's on the DVD and
they
come out gasping for air and everything. Yeah. So you don't want to sign up for that? I take
it you're not you're not gold.
Did not go home. Yeah.
Yeah. Like you would be going right home that same day like I made a huge mistake. I'm going AWOL
me too
from
Pittsburgh originally.
Stop
it. What? Yes. Okay, so that's
weird. Yeah. I just have to get to Washington. Some kind of way that's coming with me.
All
Do you? They are? I don't know. I don't
know. I've watched as soon as I could so I I don't know. Yeah.
is taken out. Right, right. I
thought about going to the military because I thought I could get in really good shape. I kept thinking just six weeks of boot camp, I'll be in the best shape ever.
It was all the years after when they make you stay that I was not sure about
it. Sure is. So
do you come back to what you said in the beginning? Do you at least like to cook?
Yeah. Do you have air conditioning or? No?
I always hear that on the weather channel when you think about the open flame gas, I guess you mean, which is so common down here. It's gonna be on the weather channel. They always talk about like, it'll be like a stretch where it's like hot over there in the summer and they'll be like, most people don't have their conditioning over
there
for
your
Well we get like what, five or seven days that might be considered like hot hot Yeah.
People.
Yeah.
What's
the temperature there like now?
it's chilly. Yeah.
Oh
your windows were closed I would assume. Yeah.
That's that's the florida on. You still be using the sun that it must be warm outside. I
like, what kind of world am I living in? Where the spot? Is that when it's cold?
It's finally starting to just break where it's like 84, is the high now. I know so like I like rain today but yesterday like I had the back door open and it's just like amazing to remember what it's like to like open the door, let the curtain
below, get it in. The air
conditioning was off. It was beautiful.
So
these
are the these are the best months of florida where you only get one like three or four nights months and the rest of the time you're hot all the time. But I'd rather be shot than cold. Yeah. Yeah.
All
It
can be
or is that where you're living at like permanently? Are you settling
it up there? You're settled? Okay.
Uh huh. It darn it. Why did I let that happen?
I guess
I live in Washington state now.
Thank you very much. It was yeah. Well
what you gonna do? Right That's
the most important thing.
It should be. I have
6:26.
I'm sorry
26 after you have 3 26. Yes.
Was she? Oh
so yeah
it
was good talking
to
and you're loose. L.
U. Z. No
that's lou
L. U. C. E. Is that your that's your given name
That's a beautiful name.
That is such an original name. Do you like it
when I was little I hated my name because nobody was named to you you know because when you're
little
you want to be
girl I'm old. You can't tell how old. No I'm old when that show already came on. So she's named after me.
and I didn't used to like my name because I was so different but when I got older I can appreciate it. So your name is so original. Don't know anybody with that name which makes it so pull your
name and your nickname are very original.
What?
Oh okay. It comes with a little bit of an explanation.
Yeah. Oh it was so good to chat with you.
You
you stay healthy and you stay warm. Okay
both
You're look at you with your 15° card
again as we're already. It was a pleasure. Alright.
For.
thank you. I'll think of you when I walk outside and I'm warm. Alright. Alright