Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Low,
how's it going,
sweating? It's pretty hot. What's
your name?
Pleasure to meet you. I'm
Yeah or you could you hear me? Yeah,
I don't I don't know if I'm to let me know. Am
I too
out? Okay.
Sorry, I have my migraine here, but yes, for sure. Um Yeah,
sorry
about
that. I just make sure that everything is working. Um where are you from? If you don't mind me asking
me too
tires,
the fires are in the bay area by kids.
You're lucky. I mean, I know you guys are getting it to but like I'm literally looking out the window and I'm like, it's so bad up here. It's insane.
No, don't worry, you guys get hit with like the floods and we're getting hit with the fire. Oh
by the way, there's a pandemic going on.
It's nuts
bad.
If you don't mind me asking, what brings you here to uh prolific and this, if you don't want me asking,
we'll
go, no,
no,
like
me.
no that's totally um that's totally mine and my wife's situation as well. The only issue now is that she she never got unemployment. I didn't yeah, I didn't get any help either, which is weird because my my income it was totally enough last year. Um So
we're both just doing surveys and trying to do some stuff and I actually got lucky and got a call center job. Um
I think the issue with it, those that were housing my parents right now to on top of all of this. So yeah, you know, I'm assuming um uh if you don't mind me asking, what asian are you? I'm filipino, but you know, so when
you have
parents,
what I was gonna say when you have
parents, you know, they're like, what are you doing with your life? You know that uh you know, it's not bad out there. I'm like I'm not trying to get you guys killed, you know what I mean? Like I don't know who has it. And so I'm actually returning back to work next week so I'm kind of worried about that, but
it's fine.
No,
I well I was doing call center, I was just it's something that I picked
up.
Yeah. Yeahs attempt as a temporary job actually, it's an alcohol job which is really cool and it's good for me and it was just something keeping me afloat until I could get back to work. I actually work as a as a photographer. And the funny part is I was supposed to take a trip down to L. A. Earlier this year. And the pandemic literally april I would have been down there um shooting engagement, shoot for my friend and uh the pandemic. It.
I know. How are you guys dealing with it if you don't mind me asking?
I can't imagine.
well.
my gosh.
Were
you able to return those um tickets or
did they?
We'll
be like
gambling
on it,
you know what I mean?
But
I mean
hopefully hopefully they said if the pandemic does die down like I know Ella you guys got hit really bad if you don't mind me asking you in the L. A. Area. L. A. County. I got you. Okay so um um they said that it's California is leveled off generally. Um So the only place that's getting really hit him hard is where my wife is from, she's from the central valley. Uh So in that area they're getting hit hard your case are still going up but that's like the only place in California where
as you know, where we're at because we're wearing really urban areas, you know, Los Angeles and of course, um, I'm up here in the east near Oakland where uh, the cases are, are kind of leveling off, which is good, better than going up, you know what I mean? So, so they said that there's a chance that it could go down by november. I'm hoping. I mean if we continue
to
wear masks and social distance like that, I know you guys have Orange County people there aren't wearing masks.
So
no,
not
my county, not my specific area either. My, I live in the zip code where we have the third most in, in northern California, which is insane. And so this was at the beginning and now I'm pretty sure it's kind of leveled off because either, you know, people have had the virus and have come to terms with the virus and, and hopefully and it showed the amount of deaths that happened here, but you know, people got cured
or are they, they don't have the virus and they had it and now they're able to, you know, function normally and stuff like that. But yeah, I mean my county specifically was bad. San Francisco is good. A lot of my friends up there are okay. My friends in L. A. Though my family in L. A. They're like
what is going on? But it seems like,
I mean now it seems like it's, it's kind of okay over there. Yeah.
man.
it's
It
isn't.
Yeah. And did you see um, michigan just today just reported, I know probably you and your husband are keeping track of it because I have a friend who is a teacher as well and he's just thankful he works here in Alameda County. He was just thankful that uh you know, it's all home base and that's actually a direction I was going to go in becoming a teacher before the pandemic. But um, what I heard was the whole, the, what does I get, I lost my train of thought. I'm so sorry.
It was before that I think I added that tidbit as kind of like a color toward what I was gonna say. I totally forgot you mentioned something about your husband um being
working
from home. Okay,
there
it is. Okay. So I know you guys are keeping track of the news but um, like you said, the places in the south in the south are reporting cases amongst kids, right? There's this one place in, I'm not sure if it's Detroit or somewhere michigan Tennessee but they reported 40 cases in and in one school the first two
days it was open.
So
I'd be, yeah. And I'd be really like, I'm glad your husband, I'm glad. I I just heard on the news today that all of L. A. County is at home and same with Alameda County and all the other counties here in northern California, which is a good thing. But it's just kind of like, it sucks because it's like we're eventually going to have to go back in, how are they going to do it? You know like are they going to, I don't know if you've seen, if you and your husband seen, but in Sweden they're doing face shields for the students so they're not wearing the face, that's what they're doing. Face shields that cover the top.
So I'm not sure if that's something they want to because you know, for Children it's really hard to just, you know, have a math
all day, but if they have a face shield at least it's kind of like see through and it's kind of just, you know, but they said uh in Sweden, they said it's pretty effective. I'm not sure the case count of Sweden skyrocketed though, I'm not sure if it leveled off, but they're going for herd immunity out there. It's no, it's
not.
So how are your kids
dealing
with it? If you don't mind me asking?
Got
you?
that's
That's
kind of
No,
there's a lot and there's a lot of cool new games on zoom. Like they have a lot of like I was playing poker with a couple of my friends on zoom, I was like, this is like, what is this? But you know, and it's funny because I actually went on craigslist decided, oh, I have so much time on my hands, I might, I might as well do stuff I wanted to do. Uh started uh I started a podcast with some random people that I found on Craigslist
and I'm producing podcasts, so it's like, it is really
in the past few weeks, and
I
started
taking up deejaying and mixing, I was like, wow, this is cool, because I usually I make music well, but um it's been pretty cool, you know, I mean, I'm trying to keep it as productive as possible because if not, I'd have massive anxiety, you
know?
Oh, it's basically they talk about all the issues pertaining to the today, so it's got kind of a hip hop um angle toward it, but they're talking about a lot of what's it called, uh like the Black Lives Matter movement and they're talking about Colin Kaepernick, what he did. Um They talk about the pandemic, they
talk about politics, you know, especially with Kamala Harris and the DNC. Um then they also cover something uh I forget they cover hip hop stuff, hip hop, hip hop related music and you know, news that's going on and stuff like that, so they're keeping it kind of kind of relaxed. And so the reason why I wanted to do a podcast with them was because I always had this idea and I have like a group of friends were super interesting and I hope they decided to co host with me or did something like that. They would have a lot to talk about, so it's pretty cool, but I just wanted to get my feet wet and I really like what I'm doing so far with this podcast and it's pretty cool. Like if I could do this with two random people who I randomly meet, I could do this with my friends easily. You know, it's pretty good. So I'm just
I'm basically I'm taking my chances and taking my risks. You know what I mean? Without having to take a risk. You know, it's man it's crazy.
But
trying to trying to I mean if if you could get some income from it, that would be cool. You know what I mean? I am in a way before the pandemic, I was living my dream, you know, actually doing photography and actually making money off of it. The issue of that was a lot of my clients for private clients. So they weren't public. You know like like uh if I'm freelancing because you know with the P. U. A. The pandemic assistance for for for people who are self employed uh offer that now. So um the reason why I wasn't able to qualify for that was because a lot of my clients are are basically private clients. I'm not working a lot for. Uh I did you know I did a certain amount of um work for like fashion design labels and things like that
last
year. But they said it wasn't enough to qualify for the unemployment which is like did that war. But here I am doing weddings and private photo shoots which apparently don't count except if I file for it quarterly. And I didn't know that because I just started my business literally like about a year ago. So I made enough, I made way
more than enough to qualify for unemployment and I'm just like so
what the heck is going on then? And so it's been it's living in the bay Area
ends up here.
But
it's been fun. It's fun trying to navigate and trying to be like and trying to say like I refuse to go out because I don't want to get them sick but then now I have to you know what I mean? But at least I'm going out kind of on my own terms in the sense of I'm gonna go out and I'm gonna going to social distance and shooting if I'm shooting indoors I'm going to keep all the windows open or not. Like you and your husband, you guys go out and shop and go grocery shopping and all that stuff.
that's
it.
No I'm actually an I. N. F. P. I'm an introvert. I
talk
like I'm actually talking because I'm nervous. So what it is it's it's a reaction. It's funny because I get more relaxed as I see your reaction. You know what I mean? I didn't see you smiling. It's a crazy thing. But I think what my I. N. F. P. What it Briggs Myers right? Uh Reality. Um So anyways what it said is that um a lot of I. N. F. P. Use talking as kind of like like a bat uses noise radar. You know what I mean? So they spit it out and then they get a reflection back and so you you kind of tell you can gauge the situation socially. Um Usually people are quiet around me. I kind of really get awkward and I'm like what do I do? You know what I mean? Especially being asian right? So when people talk about like what and people automatically think I'm an extrovert but I'm not, it's the weirdest thing. People don't know me. They're like well it's funny you like I see you all the time and I feel like I'm close to you but I don't know you you know I don't reveal too much about myself. It is kind of crazy. My wife told me that too. I was like yeah it's crazy. Like I don't open up too much with people I guess that's what that's my introvert part of me like um honestly don't feel like you're an
introvert. Yeah. You get what I mean?
Thanks.
tell me about
that.
The
bad
what?
but like this
situation we won't see each other as bad points when it comes to my significant others. They say they will see it tonight, you know? But yeah I know and that's good. As long as you and your husband, if you can be open like that with your husband, I'm pretty sure it's it's it's it's chill you know what I mean?
That's
you talk so much, I mean excuse my language, you talk so much shit to each other but it's it's all in good just you know what I mean? It's just only joking. There's I feel like there's always a certain line that you cross that you can't cross that I've seen a lot of my friends do and you're just like wow that is like you married this person like you know like there's some sort of
respect there like you just crossed the line new york and it's just I mean how much advice could you give to someone you know before they don't hear it anymore, you know what I mean? And it's Rachel and speaking of which um with you guys down there, how's your guys like social bubble? Has it, has it expanded or has it just compressed since the pandemic?
Well
like crazy. Uh Yeah.
So
I
too
like
Richard.
it's not
I know
you're
talking about,
I know
exactly who you're talking about.
No,
my and so those are the ones you you keep in touch with now or you used to keep in touch with?
I know
I got
you, I got
you. Yeah, no that's why I get into my sister. She always talks about that. She she was actually in in our julie. I don't know if you're familiar but that's about five miles from New rochelle. The first outbreak, the really
first bad outbreak in the United States in new york. Right? So she lived right there and then one of her good friends died actually. So yeah my oldest sister was out there and her my nieces are out there and so she kept in touch with all her friends. So she was doing like Skype and zooms with all her friends. Um
a lot of her good friends are actually her kids um older parents, you know what I'm saying
and
that develops but that's pretty cool like my wife had talked about having kids but they were like I'm not sure right now this is nuts like this whole situation we're still planning for sure, I'm not sure for planning. Well you know I mean there's there's a lot of kids that need to be adopted. It's crazy
man. I don't know but
we do definitely want to have somebody that we have to make sure rear up in this crazy ass world, you know what I
mean, that we live, put our little stamp on it. Like you are ready to go now. Probably.
Course.
lot
of them,
Yeah, it's
a little mix. Um A lot of them are married. Um It's funny because I I ended up shooting a lot of their weddings, you know what I mean? Yeah, and they're all like that, I'm so glad I had a photographer who I knew from back in the days when I used to be in high school or I used to wrap, so I used to be around a lot of hip hop heads and I have I have friends from all walks of life, literally like because I did fashion um as well, so I have people in the fashion industry and I was going down to L. A. Shooting a lot as well, and I did and I did branding for Levi and things like Levi's jeans and, you know, uh
stuff published in vogue way back in the days. Um so literally have people here who are like, you know, in Hollywood and haven't married anyone there, like 40 years old, 50 years old. And, and most of my friends, yeah, in my in my age group where I'm I'm 38, but all of my friends are just super light. Okay, I want to get married there. Either they've been married for like 56 years or they want to get married or they don't want to get married. You know what's going on with a lot of my friends in my inner circle right now, they're not married. Some odd reason. I don't, it's not that I don't get along with my married friends, it's I guess
the things we have in common are so different, you know what I mean? Because I don't have Children, I guess. Um Actually, no, I can't say that there's there's a couple that me and my wife hang out with who are chill, you know what I mean? Who are
married? Or at least I think they're married. I have no idea. Oh my gosh. But yeah, I know there's a couple of people that so I mean it's just a neglected group of people,
you know,
white, black, asian, everything. It's crazy.
I mean, it's fun. You know, I'm super blessed
to have like kind of like that. Um And especially down in L. A. To like a lot of my good friends ended up moving there because they're photographers. And so um you know, a lot of my friends have these big instagram followings And it's cool because when I talk to them, they're just the same people. You know what I mean? I'm like you're like a movie star to have, you know, 300,000 followers like all right. And so like I bring my little nieces and nephews because basically me and my wife basically helped raise all of our nieces and nephews were the ones without kids, right,
uncle. Yeah, I'm like the youngest of my brothers and sisters and you know my wife is the only child and so they all kind of like look up to us. So when they know when they see me and they know that I have all these like $300,000 follower instagram friends and friends who shot Hogan models there and you know who who are bigger rappers who who blew up and stuff like that, they're like, wow, you know, that's really cool and it it's kind of, it's super like blessed, you know what I mean to be able to be in your friends. So like by any means, my life isn't boring for sure. It's just interesting trying to navigate this water now, you know what I mean? Because it's so different. This is unprecedented with the pandemic, the fires and like how is it with you guys? I mean with
your, so um before you guys got married, if you don't mind me asking, what was your occupation, what did you do for a living higher the
well,
that's cool.
And
it shows developmental there
are
seems
funny.
Oh, that's
That
the
invention
is,
yeah. People who aren't seen exactly. I'm totally the same way. Um with my photography, I like shooting, you know, different people who are kind of off, you know what I mean? Like? Like people wouldn't see them and I think that's why my my group of friends so collectively, like
it's in a word, but yeah, no, no, no, I totally get that and I feel like you guys do have an eclectic, I feel like this, this is just me assuming, but I feel like you and your husband have an eclectic group of friends, even though you guys are introverts just because of your profession to and what he does as a school teacher, because I know he has to also deal with the Children who can't have disabilities learning and you know, he has to make sure like they have to pay extra attention to them and what not. But my wife, she wanted to be a psych major too as well. And uh She was taking early childhood development classes prior a long time ago and then she just stopped, she just like was like, I need to just go to work, she was working for like 15 years at the bank, ended up being a manager. Uh
And then one day she just like that mentally she got agora phobia or she can't leave the house, you know what I mean? There's a lot,
yes, What happened in 2018, yep. And so she's been just, you know, juggling it and figuring it out. But what's good is it's not like she's um it's not like she's mentally like I feel like she's fighting it well in the sense that she's still her normal normal self, like she hasn't
changed much higher, you know what I mean? Um When it comes to me at least, I mean um granted the temperaments maybe different, you know what I mean? Of course because you're dealing with something but she's still the same person in essence so you know what I mean? It's
been pretty
role.
that's
what I'm saying and the crazy part is um you know a lot of she feels like a lot of her family or like my family would shun her and I feel that way too. I see it's not sugar but kind of like okay let's not invite her because she's not can't
go out
anyway
so that's kind of offensive, you know what I mean? Like like it's kind of bullshit and
I'm being
left out of my own family, you know what I mean? So in a sense it's kind of like yeah I'm totally getting what she's doing. So it's funny this is the funny part. Pandemic hits everyone has stay inside. She's like oh everyone knows how I feel. That's what she said. Okay. Exactly. Oh man it's been crazy. Yeah.
But yeah, what's up?
My
parents
are the ones that were housing them right now. They have,
they have every single, they have diabetes. Um they have high blood pressure, uh they're both heart attack survivors and they, my, my dad just had an operation for a heart artery thing and they and my mom bought cancer, breast cancer. So yes, they
get this thing.
If they get this thing, it's it's not going to the prospects of them surviving, it is not going to look very good, you know what I mean? So I'm trying to be as cautious as possible. Um A lot of my friends can't relate to that. Like literally they're asking me, hey tim, where you going to shoot? You know, I have to have a gig for you, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like,
can't like, unless you could give me a guarantee we're going to be able to social distance, you know, or outside or something, I can't guarantee that, hey, I think I could, you know, I'll be comfortable doing this because I don't I don't want to bring this back here, not, not not just that, but also my wife has high blood pressure. Um I have slight bouts of high blood pressure as well, so I mean there's a couple, you know what I mean? Yeah, it's just,
But I've been working out and my wife had been taking a more health stuff and we've been eating a lot more healthier since the pandemic. Like literally I literally lost around £15 and she's lost like 40 since two years, so it's been pretty good. Yeah, so we just, we took a proactive approach to changing and doing all that stuff, but it's been pretty interesting. I mean, it's good to know that we're kind of growing and not, you know, like plateau going in this situation. I'm pretty sure it's the same with you, you and your husband because being on prolific, that's a growth situation. You know, prolific is really good though. It's a really good platform. How long have you been doing if you don't
mind me asking,
longer
than
I have? Yeah,
I've only been
doing
it for us but not even a month and a half. And um I've made what what is it, 70 80 £81 What is that? Like 100 something? I have no idea. But here.
Yeah. And it's literally just like, I'm just gonna check it, I just check it every
day. I don't want my way too. And I'm like wow, there's a, when I seen this survey that I was like, wow. Oh speaking of which, how many, how many of these have you did already so far?
This is my 3rd 1 too. Have you, have you had good experiences if you don't mind me asking? Good, good, good.
both.
Both
of you, You
know what I mean,
Rachel.
So lucky.
that's
Just uh, that's hard because
the toddler is going to be active and oh man,
terrible foods, you know? But you know what's funny?
So,
no, you're my third um, um, thing too. And it's funny because I have the exact same order as you. I first talked to a guy from Chicago who was a chef and then I talked to a lady from Maryland, which is near Washington. It's, what are you talking Washington state right
now.
Okay, so all the other side, I talked to her Maryland but she actually wanted to be a nun and it's funny because I talked to her and I wanted to be a priest before. We've got a
it
was pretty it was pretty interesting.
Yeah we so many interesting people in this world that I felt like this was a good opportunity to just get paid and just talk up a storm with people and
stuff
called. I think it's it's good for us being introverts, you know kind of like in person I'm different, you know what I mean? I mean I try to be as active but in person I'm not you know I'm more aware of like oh shit I might offend somebody, you know what I mean? So you know I'm not like chatty I guess Facetime has really helped me a lot with doing uh interacting a little more different than things like that, but hasn't done that for you too as well.
looking
at myself
The
media,
come
on.
No, I feel the same way here's me. I'm like I already got big old smile on my face, like my face looks so wide, I need to shave my head, you know like my beard, it is what it is bad. And so I feel like the more you do it, the more you get used to how you look and you're like you become a little more comfortable with yourself, you're like, oh I'm a cool person. Only when I first started doing this was like, who's that? Who's that in my corner? Well no, it's all we feel that, but yes, um one
more time. All right, one more time, what was your name? I'm so sorry, I'm tim yes, pleasure
to meet you. Pleasure to meet you.
For sure. I hope you guys are hold down well during the rest of the pandemic and whatever the hell else is gonna get thrown at us in 2020. But it was a pleasure with pleasure. It was a fun talk,
appreciate Angela Pleasure. All right, thank you.