Hello?
have to put this down for just a second.
Oh
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Mhm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yes. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Good. Okay. I'm back.
It's uh morning.
I'm
on the
East
Coast.
How are you? Yeah.
Where, where are you?
Oh, that's where I was born.
It, Yeah, I was born in um I was born in Teaneck.
Oh, cool. Yeah, we moved to Atlanta when I was five. Okay.
Yes. Nice and warm.
Yeah. Yeah, it's really, it's like finally it's warm again. We had a little bit of a chilly spell. So what's next? It's a little crazy down here. But
like,
yeah, the only thing that's still kind of short around here is toilet paper,
but
it's going
to, it's getting better thankfully.
I just go to the store, There's actually a gas station that's really close by that has had toilet paper because nobody knows they have it. So any time we run out, that's where I go.
Mhm. It's a little ridiculous because I mean we were one of the states that, you know, I'm in Georgia and we're one of the that opened early and are, you know, because our governor is a moron. And
yeah, and so it's a little, you know, we're still doing like we're still being as careful as possible. We're not really,
the only thing that I am doing is like, I'm getting my hair done for on my fifth
or my birthday.
No.
Well, and I get mine highlighted. So it's like two completely different colors now.
So it's
like
Yeah. Well, and they're doing like, they're being really careful, like they're taking only one person at a time,
the everybody's wearing masks. Like if you they will come get you when they're done with their previous appointment. So it's not like you're it's not a large salon, it's not like there's kind of multiple people. It be I mean, I guess as long as like you feel like I know I haven't been around anybody, so.
Yeah. It's terrible. And I mean, I don't know that I don't know how severe my symptoms would be if I had it, but I don't really want to find out.
Right. Well, I also feel like it's I mean, I'm it's not that I want it, but I I kind of like, I would feel okay, how like it's gonna be, it's not like the virus is just going to go away. It's not gonna be it's not just suddenly disappear from the face of the earth, it's going to be a thing. And but I think like the the idea is to use the overload on the hospital so that people can get treatment if they do get it.
And so it's like I don't want to contribute to the problem.
So I mean if there, you know I have talked to some people like my um my ex is a firefighter in baton rouge and he said like their E. R. S. Are less overloaded there,
which is good.
But like.
Yeah, but I mean like if you, but like our governors like we'll just open things and it's like, well there's gonna be a definite like spike in cases and can our hospital in our health care system handle it like but you know this
is
well
I
and
right and like and it's and I know it's like I know people are going crazy but it's like it really hasn't been that long.
You know, it's
And like
it was
Wuhan was like 76 days or something before they opened. Mhm.
Ah I can see like behind you, it looks like something that says like first grade.
So how is that?
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah, that's I mean that's a lot for parents to.
Yeah. That's crazy
to stop it. My cat is trying to get involved.
She's um yeah, we've been really lucky, we haven't had anybody in our immediate family that's gotten sick. Uh My boyfriend had a friend of his, he got it but he he had a pretty mild form he was, so he's okay but we have like a lot of like my mom lives very close by but her best friend is in her seventies and her her husband is not, you know, it doesn't have the greatest health. So it's real, it would be really bad if they got it. Yeah. So it's like just trying to minimize like the it's more about trying to protect the other the people who could get really, really, really sick than it is about like me personally or
you know, I was like I'm unemployed at the moment because we were basically furloughed without being furloughed. And then we
were all like, so
yeah, I mean and you know, it's been okay and I'm kind of I'm lucky because my family can help me. Uh so I'm in a much better position than most. But it really makes me like, you know, I feel bad for the people who are really struggling and I wish I had
like,
Yeah. And I wish like I wish I could say that I had more faith in our government to help take care of people. But I just don't.
Yeah, I mean I
just don't
and
I don't even know that like, I don't know, our current administration seems to be off the rails a little bit. So.
Yeah. And I don't know, you know, I don't know what your personal political views are, but like I I'm not a fan of our presence
perfect.
like it's painful for me to even call him the president, but it's just I just don't, I feel like we have literally the worst person in charge.
Mike
my best friend is a PhD in chemistry and she's just a brilliant, brilliant, brilliant woman. And I literally like I get most of my information information from her because she is incredibly well educated. She has a lot of help. Like a lot of her colleagues are in health care and that kind of thing. And you know, she's just she also has access to a lot well apparently her company is doing covid research as well now so like but she's you know she puts like the kind of the real story out there and it's you know, but it's very science based and fact based but it is frustrating when you hear these press conferences and everything is beautiful, everything's shut up, you know, just like that. It's not.
Yeah. We've been doing I mean everything here is to go most of the restaurants even though there was even though there was like a discussion of them being able to open a lot of them aren't. And
yeah and like our in this immediate area, I live I live in a suburb of North Atlanta. And in this immediate area I would say the stores here have been great, like the grocery stores have set up, a lot of them are requiring masks for people to even come in. They've set up sort of a there's like tape everywhere, kind of say like this is six ft away from someone who's in
front of
you.
Some of them have set up like directional aisles so that you can only go one way down or one way up. And I mean they're really making an effort, so going, going out around here has been it's been okay because you have there's there's got it's obvious that everyone around here is taking it very seriously.
It
I'm telling you this, I get there's a chevron that started by my house and this is like the most resourceful gas station ever, because they've got masks and hand sanitizer
and
I
don't
I'm almost convinced that they're like making hand sanitizer and one of their basements or something because
it
they have a giant bottle of it in my car that came from them and it smells like really cheap vodka,
whatever spine.
Yeah, the one that, I mean this is something that, I don't know if this is unique to the south necessarily, but it kind of seems to be, but like around here you'll have like three huge grocery stores within a mile of each other. So I mean, are just this little, just this like little area, what we call, you know, the village has like three CBS type pharmacies. They've got CVS and Walgreens and Rite Aid and then there's like two different grocery stores. There's, I mean, so the, so like if you live in a fairly well populated area down here, like we have these gigantic grocery stores. I mean like
my
uncle
Yeah, right? Like my uncle is from Long Island and when he comes down here, his favorite thing is to go to publix because he said it's like going to heaven and I don't think they have publix up there.
Are
you doing
So.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I mean I there are some people, there are some writers that I worked for Huffington Post I follow on twitter and like they're talking about. I mean it was like they're literally like if you leave your house, you get this virus is the way that they feel and
like it so crazy. And I mean I don't, I do not envy someone who lives like within the new york city limits.
Yeah. Well and down, I mean down here you have a lot of space. It's not as packed in that even even the more populated area I mean down downtown downtown maybe. But like the suburb areas, there's a ton of space. Like there's you could probably put 50 people going through run on the street and they could all stay six ft away from each other.
There's just
a lot area and that kind of thing. So it's way more open air and that it's just not the same as living, you know, especially not somewhere like anywhere in new york city you know? But like it's just not that like everybody has plenty of space to stay away from each other. So the grocery stores are enormous. The everything is like huge. So
you know, so I don't think we have it as bad down here.
when they go out a lot of people, most people are wearing mask. There's like so one of the grocery stores here is Fresh Market which is more like a whole foods type thing, like a fancy or trader joe's type deal. And they require people to wear masks. Publix has not required masks but they probably will eventually. But most people are wearing them anyway.
Mhm. Yeah, I mean and I wear like, I don't know if it's not it's not a mask mask, but it's like a I either have a bandanna that it used to cover my face or something, you know? But it is like what's frustrating is this is a really republican area.
And so a lot of people, I mean a surprising amount of people
are adhering to the, you know, covid 19 like seven, like they're wearing masks, but like a lot of people I know that live here like on social media are saying some irresponsible and stupid things. Yeah,
so I mean like I had a vet friend of mine, I work in the veterinary business and a vet actually was talking about how ineffective masks are because they're not, the process isn't sterile, and I was like what is wrong with you? And I even commented on it like
that's
not
the
point,
but I was like, I mean yeah, if you were trying to maintain a sterile environment sure that's not going to work, but you're not, you're literally providing a barrier.
That's it.
Exactly, it's completely irrelevant whether it's sterile or not, and I was just horrified. I was like um you know, I was like what is wrong with you? Why
would you say something?
Yeah. And I I can't help but feel that a lot of it is coming from small business owners, like veterinarians or whatever who are trying to sort of kind of their like encourage people,
you would not be afraid to come and do business with them. So I'm like basically kind of selfish,
And to put a whole thing on facebook about how ineffective but which was completely missing the point and addressing something that wasn't even the point of wearing that's in the first place. I'm like, you're a doctor, like you might be an animal doctor, but you're still a doctor, like this is an irresponsible of your platform and I'm sorry, but that's just ridiculous. So you know, there's a lot of that nonsense down here, you
just get the
I'm sorry I say that again.
Um No, I don't, well I don't feel
isolated, but you know, I live with my boyfriend and my family lives about a mile down the road, so even though we haven't been like hanging out with each other when I go to the grocery store and pick stuff up for them and I'm a member of a dance troupe and we've been doing classes online, so I'm I'm kind of like a little bit of a loner anyway, so this is
like hanging out at home, it's fine.
mean
I
we've been I mean I miss I missed the ability to get together with friends, but I don't feel I don't feel very isolated because I can I can like talk to people, you know through text or social media or something and that. Yes.
great
inside ours is not going to hear it. My boyfriend's taking my cat.
it's a girl, she's
15. Yeah, she she's the love of my life, but she has always done this to think she's weird when if I'm on a phone call or anything that is on like a speaker, she gets she just is like asked, she doesn't like it. So she wants to get involved.
So like if my mom like a sweet and she'll come and she'll be like, and and she just is like mammograms until it takes off.
She's fine with the television. She doesn't mind that. But anytime there's something coming through like a phone or something, she's like,
yeah, wow, click. Well I can hear is like kids yelling
not my
kids.
goodness.
I
always
I'm always like I I've never done any kind of teaching or anything like that. And I remember when I was old enough to understand what the teaching but a teaching position was actually like and being absolutely shocked because as a kid, you're like, oh you know, come in, they teach you and then they get to go home, that's cool. And it's like the amount of work
teachers
have to do
on
their own. Mm mhm.
I mean,
bless you all for doing it for real.
that's I mean it's like a 24 7.
Yeah, I'm in, I've been an animal care of my whole life and animal people are the same way. You know, it's you're endlessly devoted and you know, basically overworked and underpaid, but you love it, you know? Uh well,
I wasn't even paying attention to what time it is. I don't know.
I don't think so, but I don't know.
because
there
was that,
I'm afraid to click on the other tab because I
mean
No,
but
I mean,
I think,
yeah, I think we did
and yeah, I don't know. There's a there's a counter on a page.
Mine says like um yeah oh did I do something wrong? What on um
Yeah so mind like just started. But I think yeah mine's fine. Too awesome.
Yeah. Should we do we click it now or after this? The chats over?
Well this was fun. It was nice to talk
to
you.
Yeah, you too.
I
hope
your kids safe
and
every hope some some things get back to a semblance of normalcy for you guys soon.