mm. Oh, honey,
I think I have a little bit of a cast. I'm taking off my screen protector. Yeah. Uh huh.
Take your time, don't worry. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Okay.
Oh
yeah.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Okay. Good morning. Is it morning or action where you are?
Yeah, it's
morning
for
me as
well. Good morning.
I'm feeling good. I went on a walk. I'm trying to spend time in nature to get out of the house carrying you
New Jersey.
Oh, really? Look at that.
I'm far from Teaneck. I mean what?
you're in the south. It's cool.
It looked beautiful. Look at the sky.
Okay. Are you getting all
the things that you need? Are you able to get food and supplies and
that's
more
surprising.
Did you order online or do you just go to the supermarket?
You have to like think about the unexpected places that are not popular not to get things like I denied my uh mother order. I like my amazon subscription because I didn't need any more toilet paper. But now I'm getting nervous as people are telling me they can't get toilet paper paper talking. I should have accepted because I don't need it right now. So when I use it, so I said no.
I didn't pray for you guys. Like seriously? Like
when
I need that,
listen, I celebrate that my birthday is in june
I get like, I'm at the point like I'm like during the week, like I have things that I can do. Like I'm sweating, I'm trying to work out so my hair is not going to look great. But there are times as a woman who just like, you need a professional blowout, like you need someone to get in there. And you know,
my
roots
are not the same as my Yeah. I get it been because it's been 45 days since we've been at stay at home. And yes, I can do certain things. But like I need grew mater.
That makes sense.
Exactly. And that's the thing that would make me upset because I've been really good. Like I haven't mingled like I'm taking this seriously because the people who I've heard stories who have had and they're like, you don't want this. It sounds horrible. They're going to go to sleep because their lungs are filled with fluid or whatever. So
Exactly. Exactly. Like I'm still doing my vitamins and I'm trying. But you think about it is there's only certain things we can control. And then if we're to cooped up, that's why at first I was too scared to go outside even for walks. Because before I didn't have any mass or anything in mind came Michael, like I want to say two weeks in and I was like, I knew it was airborne. I'm like, is it safe? But then I feel like my immune system is gonna go down if I also don't go outside swan.
Where
the problem? Exactly.
Look Lord. That's good.
That's the
hope.
that's
it's scary because I also think there's gonna be a second wave when it becomes cold and flu season again. So I'm trying
to think ahead and like I want to slowly stock stuff up for the winter because we're still not ready. We're still not prepared. We still don't have enough resources. I feel
bad because october that the doctors and nurses get sick. There's not
gonna be anyone to take care of us.
Mhm. It hasn't
it hasn't it hasn't been even been three months that we've
been weird.
Maybe it's been around for three months but we didn't know.
we have to be cautious.
Yeah. My first grade teacher so I'm we're working remotely. Yeah.
Mhm. Um You know what I feel like kids are resilient. Thank God for the technology. It's ok. It's it's it's better than not having any instruction at all or just giving them a cheap. So we do you zoom live lessons and then we have a platform costs that were you upload work and I can leave video instruction, their audio instructions, examples and the kids are able to upload their work, take pictures of their work and I can get them audio feedback or written feedback so it works.
Yeah, it's just Yeah, I just challenge because a lot of work from home as well and young kids need help, you know, so they're dealing with a lot.
It is like to be very sympathetic and we're trying to keep expect like the quality high, but not requiring everyone to do everything. Like we just want people to do the best that they can because every situation is different. Some families might be sick. I don't, you know, like some of it is privacy. I don't know whose parents are doctors. Some parents are somehow, somebody might have gotten sick. Like one kid told me, oh, my family has covid, I'm like, really, you know, I don't know. So, but also I don't know if it's really true, you know, their little, so I don't know if it's really that or they're speculating and I can't ask. So
it's
no.
Mhm. It's sure
on,
that's tough now. You're like trying to figure out other streams of income.
That most
americans know, not everyone. Most people don't have like a safety net.
No, I mean it will take care of the economy individually. I don't know. Yes,
that's
not
happening.
Yeah. If I told someone this a year ago, they were like, you're making this up like this isn't real. I had to stop working some of the press conferences because it made me anxious. It made me worried. So I can only take a bit of it. It's a bit of it at a time and here the summary because it's too crazy.
No,
I'm not either. Yeah.
And the thing about it is like we can't listen to politics right now. We need to listen to scientists and and people who are health care professionals because this is a global pandemic. This is not
just about money.
I just wanted to get to a vaccine because that's the only way I feel like people are going to truly feel comfortable like I'm scared to order food. Um it's just a grocery store and walking around my neighborhood. That's it. That's why the only don't go and I don't even vote and I really go to the grocery store and I do curbside pickup.
Well, they are Okay.
That's
far,
that's really good.
That's, that's good because I sometimes I feel when I went to the grocery store, I want to say maybe 23 weeks ago, I felt like I was more unsafe. It was crowded. There was a lot of people and yeah, they had a, they don't have as many wants to regard outside. Um We're still not enough space between people and the shells are still pretty empty. Like for I think,
I want to say it took me almost a modifying like rubbing alcohol because prior to, and I like to call my keyboard on my phone daily. Just, you know, and I couldn't even get that. And it took me then I found out at CVS it had it behind the counters. I was like someone because I kept just looking, I kept checking and they gave me one. I think the limit was maybe one per customer. I was just thinking like something. Yeah,
I want to know you. I don't know
how we
protect
us.
I haven't
been able to find hand sanitizer that's affordable.
It worked vodka, vodka.
You know, I'm glad you have. That sounds like what you're in a place where you're going to have resources, people doing the right thing. People are being serious even though you're allowed to, but really people are still being cautious. That's good.
Good. So
you
can also faces on top of each other like like new york city or something?
I don't believe so. I'm kind of awesome maybe
eventually,
but I also know I'm still kind of new to New Jersey because for the most, most of the time I lived in new york city um I just,
I'm thankful that I left right before this thing because I was going to go back to the city because you know it's, it's different, it's fun to have, you know, more restaurants and activities, but that's the last place I want right now.
no.
My friends who could left, they went to like Connecticut or the Hamptons or just someone to Jersey, like only the only people are there because they have no other tools and to draft and you know how small those apartments are and you have roommates, you know like there's some people who have roommates I can't imagine.
That's
name.
That's to an advantage of saying paper. Yeah, that's good.
You see people mostly wearing their masks when you're out and about.
I felt like the last week's I uptake before I was like one of the few pairs. I felt like I was weird because I started wearing it because my came in the mail. So I was like, yeah, finally have a mask at least this to do something. But now like everyone on the streets and definitely the grocery store is required when like just walking before, when I just walked to the park or walk around, no one was wearing masks like two weeks ago and now I feel like everyone.
No.
and it's
It's not the same.
We're
putting
this
information
and I don't understand.
Yeah. You just
it's better than nothing at all. It's still a barrier.
They
are the virus hit more heavily before it came to us. They're wearing masks, they're staying at home there. You know, like I at first I was like, let me look at italy, let me look at what people are doing in Asia. They were wearing their masks.
Well,
Yeah, but you can still have people come in and just wear a mask. I wear my gloves. I you know, you you think like you're 20 your car, you have tested open the door. If you design something with a pen touching the, you know, paying for something like it's, this is not the time to, to not have some form of protection for your body.
saluted.
Or do you, are you able to connect with friends?
Do you feel isolated or do you feel like you're able to connect with friends?
No.
I am.
Okay. I don't mind it because it gives me some some time, but I do use technology and I do go on box with one of my officers Angeles nearby, you
know,
50 ft or 56 ft away. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't have a boyfriend that I'm living with. So that, but I'm, I'm still like, you know, the organized workout? Think about other
income street.
Okay. Is it a boy or a democrat?
No.
She wants to, wants your attention. Yeah.
I wonder what you think though about this, right? If she could only express her feelings in english, I wonder what the animals are feeling.
I
thank
you.
We can hear anything right now. That's gonna be for me tomorrow. I'll hear kids yelling, get back to work. Yeah, but I this whole teaching, I'm, it takes me a long time to prepare like ours, like I'm not done. Um didn't go
back. I mean it takes us a long time anyway, but there's an extra layer so
I'm
working a lot.
it's
work
that's
not seen.
its
first former.
Thank you. You know, it's like a purpose. Like I definitely feel like it's my purpose, you know, life's purpose and calling. So I'm happy to do it. But it does take a lot of, a lot of work.
Yeah, definitely, definitely. Because even like what teachers get together, we still talk about it and like what's going, how's it going for you and we got exchange like ticks and what's working and what's not working, so Yeah.
Mhm.
And our friends to see, we met our, I'm going to look at the email at our requirements, we started at 11 15 and we have to talk for 25 minutes. I don't know if it automatically cuts us off.
Because I don't even know how it would stop and we're just supposed to like really
the
direct
solution.
this
is one time. How much time? I think I would have shared my between because I see something in 30 minutes and 46 seconds. Do you see that? You can
remember.
I should have started my timer. I'm too, but it's time it starts the moment you start you get to the service page. So I think
no matter I think we might quota
but I'm reading this again to be sure.
I think so too.
Yeah. Do you? And it's 30 minutes. Right?
Very neat. 35. 40 45. I think we met because we're sorry that um 11 15. It's all right. It's about to be 45.
Yeah. I think yes I'm next where the timers? I see the next bond. So I think if we click that we'll be able to get to the next part of the survey. You see that on the bottom the blue her.
I don't know. I think um when it gets to 45 just to be I'm going to the next button. I see what happens. Just making sure that it on my clock. I just I think we have a few more seconds. I just want to make sure and I think we should be good.
It
was
nice talking to you as well, like we're kind of in similar books and they were across the country spacing.
Thank you so much, ended up
with
everything.
Thank
you,
Thank you so much. You too. Okay.