Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yes I am. Mhm. Right, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hello,
how are you?
I'm good.
Well that's God the same thing happened to me yesterday actually. So I waited I've done this before though, so Yeah. Works
out
Yes, I guess as far as one
can be
one, so
Yeah. Uh huh. I
could. No,
no, I'm I'm
perfectly
comfortable.
No,
no,
no, it's not too much Virginia, Richmond Virginia um
yourself
while most texas, wow. Well the reason that I hesitate is because I travel a lot and I'm kind of all over the place and to tell you the truth right now, I'm actually sitting in Vancouver british Columbia. So but that's because I'm a dual citizen and uh I just thought it would be better to not be in the States then in the States. So I have and I have friends here and my and some family here about family all over Canada. But yeah, so I'm going to drink coffee if that's okay? I have coffee.
All right. All right.
Yes. Last summer I spent the summer in victoria. It's a it's kind of strange. Victoria is on Vancouver Island and Vancouver is not on the
island.
Why?
Okay. Why were you in victoria?
could be I know we were talking about I didn't go I spent six weeks there last summer but yeah but yeah I
didn't
just didn't go there but just just really took it easy. A lot of hiking. All the national park all the not national parks, all the provincial parks that are there and looking for bear and Cougars and
Jasper
is beautiful in Calgary. Yeah
it's actually a
small yeah. So you did the drive down
Glacier
Highway.
Yeah I did
that a few years ago. Yeah. Yeah.
When
you were when you were in Vancouver when you if you remember remember did you go to Stanley park? A little park at the end of the city? It's the big city and then you walk and there's a little park. Well that's a big park actually and there is total holes in the park and there's an aquarium in the park and a whole bunch of stuff. Did you do
that?
You didn't But that's what
I'm looking at then. So I'm looking at like the
park and yacht club and
stuff.
Actually
I'll show you what I'm looking at since I can this is kind of weird but just one second since I can show you. So my view I see if you can see it. Can you see That's my view.
Yeah. I'm very I'm very
lucky. Let's face it. I'm very lucky to be
able to do what I'm doing. Sure.
Yeah.
I know.
Why
did
you
go ahead you are going to go to?
I hear
you.
So,
you actually you're so I'll throw this right out there. So your attention that believes you should wear a mask sometime. I just want to make sure
by the way, you don't
have the texas acts. I used to do a lot of work in texas. You do not sound like most people I know in texas.
Traveling
masked
mask.
What?
But
Okay.
Okay. Very good.
Very good.
I'm
for
I'm for masks. Know, what do I think? I think that uh Well, to me, to me, the evidence is clear masks work. Like if you look at Asia where they're very, very compliant. You know, like they're very compliant and it's not the end of the world. Like we've been very lucky. I've done a lot of traveling. We spent some time in different countries and people are used to wearing masks for all kinds of reasons. Like just air pollution could be anything like dust, dust in the air, like cambodia. It's just dusty. But but yeah, they clearly they work. So like when they, when you shut things down, when they're having a spike someplace they shut it down, the members go down and people say, oh it's you know, it's terrible while maybe it's terrible. You know, you could have a deep intellectual conversation on whether it's actually the right thing to do to be shut down or you know, that's a whole other conversation. But masks work. No question. Just, you know, just no question.
Well I have okay, my very good friend here, he goes to the gym every morning and he goes too hot. It's not yoga, but hot workout sessions. And they, they've spaced people out. He says, I'm still well and I have, I'll give you a cautionary tale. My sister in law's boyfriend's daughter who's, who is, uh, that's the closest I have. I know someone who got Covid in ITaly. Um, I know this, this person she went to, she suspects she wasn't, she just got infected this past week. She goes to a gym, she was on a bike. Someone beside her 6ft away was diagnosed with COVID two days, two days before she got her fever. She has a fever now. So she's at the very beginning of whatever she's going to experience, chances are for her, it will be nothing. So, you know, hopefully it will. Um, yes, we've yet to eat inside of, of a restaurant. We were since since March We were in the UK Marched. We still out of the UK on 23 March when the lockdown began there. Back to this day landed in Miami. When that the day before they closed all the hotels, they said we were doing an overnight in Miami before flying up just because of the flights, canceled all the flights. But we haven't been inside a restaurant since here in Vancouver. Where the numbers are the numbers in Canada for the most part where I'm from originally, there's next to no one. Maybe one or two people have positive case Out here. It's around a 100 and 30-50 people a day are diagnosed positive. So the numbers are still low here compared to most places in the states. So, but a lot of people eat inside restaurants and stuff and but we don't, we just eat outside, we won't go inside, so. Yeah.
Hi.
That's
a whole that's a whole other, that's a whole other conversation. Well, I have, like my friend works out, I go golfing here is we're starting to get the rainy season. So um so it's not so much, but I go golfing on average twice a week if I can this park, it's five miles to walk around it usually every morning, but usually I'm out between five and 5 30 I do my circuit. So
yeah, but you know, you know, like
you said, we love going to movies and things, like we like doing stuff, going to stuff, but you can't do anything now. Like when we left the UK, it's quite sad because we were supposed to go that month. Ricky Jarvis was doing, you know, Ricky gervais? Okay,
Okay,
so
he was due, yes, so he was doing a, well, the british office, that's pretty impressive. So he was doing a performance in Brighton Beach and we had tickets and like everything was being canceled there. And again, that was just before the lockdown happened and then it's rescheduled till november of this year, but it's not going to happen because of what's going on in the UK, it's just not going to happen. But yeah, we'll go to movies and go out, but you just don't do that now. So yeah,
so,
but we're trying to figure out what we're going to do, we'll stay here through the end of the year and then we'll look at what the numbers are like and then we'll pick a place to go. So
people,
we're
very, very lucky. So what do you do if you don't mind me, what do you do,
What
does
that
mean?
so
are you
thinking
about
Four.
So
I
went from
home
and
so property
account.
I understand.
TNC.
Are
you
an I. T. Person?
So you're
doing it from the business side, from
the
business
side, you're the business lead and you have an I leave and you work with?
no I used to do a lot of business travel, I still do work but uh Yeah.
Um Very little what I do, I worked in healthcare uh fails uh management stuff. I mostly most of my career has been in um Medicaid systems, like when states like texas for example, I spent a lot of time in Austin where state governments, they run um they run Medicaid program but it's actually mostly contracted out. They have a small staff and they mostly work with private companies to run their pharmacy systems or their texas is a medic is a managed care state. So they contract with managed care companies but they still have fee for service and other things. So I've worked for companies that provide services to states for the most part, that's what I've done most of my, most of my career health care. I. T. That's really just talking to people, don't really do anything, let's talk
to people.
But we love my wife and I love to travel and uh it's kind of a sad time and for for that. So but again we're very fortunate that we're able to even just say, hey let's go for a while. We couldn't come to Canada because they weren't allowing any um any americans to come in and my wife is american. But then they stopped and the rule to if you're, if you have a like if you're married or have a close family connection, they changed that rule and then within when they changed it, we booked our flights to fly up. So
well here we are.
I've
seen I've seen it. Yes.
You
should
be
used to be very thankful for how you live and I'll tell you it's by the way, I have no idea how you live. But uh but no, but you know it does really like, it's funny like Vancouver is that's just one of the most expensive cities in the world, but when you are here, when you actually see the amount of homelessness, the amount of like the poverty is overwhelming for the issue that Vancouver has is it's a real estate backed economy and most of there's a lot of development here, it's bought by people have never even seen the properties that just go buy a floor of condos, like the average one bedroom condo in Canadian dollars, which is 76 cents on the dollar right now is probably around $800,000 and that's for that's 556 100 square feet. So.
exactly. So
so they actually put taxes in place two years ago, non occupancy tax. So if you go by condo investor buys, you have to pay extra tax like two or three times the property tax, there's non occupancy tax and there's also a vacancy tax, which they sound redundant but the reply differently, so you can be like triple quadruple taxed. But what's happened is a lot of money from china that they wanted to get out of china and put some place they bought real estate in Vancouver. So it's gone crazy. But because it's the best weather in Canada. Um you get a lot of people who can't afford to be here and there's a big there's a huge problem with lots of people living on the street. It's very sad. Yeah. Like you know, we're living in a great place, beautiful views, It's beautiful but you really it really you really get your eyes opened up so.
here
clear.
There's a
lot
of
that here.
There's a lot of that here because this was one of the first places in North America where they had safe shooting places you could go
and get getting a needle, heroin fentaNYL
first
there's three, well there's three safe shooting. I don't report what they call them, but three places where there are nurses on staff, you go in, you get a clean needle, get a little booth and you're not you're not locked away. The nurses can see you and they go and they go and they shoot up there mostly fentaNYL I think now, or heroin. Um But yeah, there's that, but all around there's areas here that you wouldn't you wouldn't, if you look at Vancouver and homelessness, you're going to see pictures, you just won't believe I was walking back from my friend's place. So I have to kind of walk right across the city and I'm walking up the street and there's a young couple in their thirties and she's laying there and she has the the tube around her arm, the needles hanging out and they're just kind of like, it's yeah, it's
this is what,
this
is one of the places Canada. This is one of the worst places in Canada. And and I have argued arguments and discussions with my friend about it. Like, is it a people, like I told you how expensive it is to live here, So a local person who gets money together to buy a place, you watch your condo and you're stepping over people on the
that's Vancouver. It's unbelievable. It's fairly, the dichotomy is is unbelievable. So, yeah, it's very, it's
yeah, last summer we decided to come back here rather than go, I'm from the other coast, I'm from the merit nova Scotia. Um We come here because we enjoyed last summer so much spending the summer most, most of it in victoria. Um But yeah, it's been quite different, but the whole, everything's different, right? It's just a different vibe. So yeah, but anyway, I don't want to monopolize
this the time.
Well, there's a, my wife said the protest in front of the art library, which is interesting to see of the anti people, the anti-Vaxxers anti shutdown anti. So probably I'd go over there, take a picture to uh six weeks ago, I was walking with my friends to go play golf, driving a golf course. I have to raise a little protest um March, but it was like 20 people signs and it's nothing like it's nothing like what's happening.
Yeah, nothing like it at all. So because we were back in Richmond, we were back in Richmond when they, you know, you saw on the news when they brought down some of the statues and all the stuff about the robert e lee statue I think is still there. We used to live two blocks from that statue. Yeah.
Historic area. So yeah,
it's very different there than here, but there are crazy people here too.
absolutely.
I understand.
I am familiar with that list.
No,
I've
done,
I've
done that before by the way. Usually you're drinking. Uh yes,
I've done, I've
done that
before.
Anymore. Okay.
I think that makes sense. That's, yeah, because I know I do have two kids and they are, they're struggling with it and it's pretty bad. Like the news is just perpetually bad. Like I, I actually try to limit my news, although I have CNN on, I try to limit my news too every two or three days that I really read just obviously, you know, I'm a liberal by now. So I, I do subscribe to the new york times and I read the times most a lot. But yeah, you know, what do you what do you do? You know you're just not a lot you can do. So we're we're just trying to figure since we've kind of been doing a lot of traveling the last number of years but we'll both travel again.
No big deal. No.
Well
even,
well even travel and uh well I think our plan is to be someplace warmer in january sometime we just don't know but we'll figure it out.
Well
they've actually always been allowing people but on October 15 and now if you get your PCR tests from certain labs they'll let you come in without quarantining. So that's that's the only that's the only difference.
So. Yeah.
No
no because that's one place we were we were considering going and we didn't care about corn, we had to quarantine. We came here, we were going to have to quarantine somewhere and we go
some
place it will be like at least hopefully for at least three months. So to quarantine for a couple of weeks we've done it now three times. So. So.
Well we're going to yeah we get a big enough place so we don't kill each other for the 14
days.
Yeah and you get
food
delivered. It's no big deal life goes on. So.
Well you can you said you work from home so
you could you could actually go any place and work from there.
So and I don't know if you I forget what island it was. I think it's a Barbados or one of the one of the island's their tourism dropped so much. They actually used to have a 30 day maximum stay without a visa but they completely
changed that now if you actually go you can go live there and work from there if you wanted to. And all you would need is a high speed internet line to work. So. Mr thought.
So
because the only risk is uh well you know they just did a study United with the Department of Defense. I don't know if you saw in the news this week. They've done a study like I think I forget how many flights they did these tests on about circulation in planes and it's very safe. And when when my wife and I travelled we had n 95 masks and we actually had face shields. That was my thing. I want to face field and and 95. And because yeah it was three flights to get here. So yeah so I I would travel I wouldn't you know you should if you could do it if you wanted to. So yeah.
Just
here.
flights are flights are cheap. Quite so cheap. So I would I wouldn't especially if you have a virtual job like you have like that's fantastic. That's fantastic. Yeah,
I would do it.
We
hit we hit our time and well.
So
what was your what was your first name?
Christie?
Okay. It's perry yes.
Nice to chat with you too.
it's
just I'm not I'm actually through this week. Do we do these things sometimes? But it's really supposed to be in the United States I guess. But it's just you know I
travel
with
travel with the VPN and all that stuff but you know what what can anyway? Yeah.
Well good luck,
good luck. They say they say
talking
to you,