Hello.
I'm good, how are you?
I'm pleasantly surprised that someone's here because I've tried I think three times in the first two. No one showed up so
Very
good. All right, so you're you're an expert?
very
good,
very cool. So where are you based
if you're comfortable
or a state?
I
was like,
like I was like,
oh, is that too
much?
cool.
I'm in Dallas texas.
Oh yeah, go for it. Go for. I actually just ate breakfast. I just uh made some scrambled eggs and I've got some water here but
hoping to hit the, hoping to hit the gym afterwards so I was like, alright, some healthy fats and proteins so I can get get that going later. But Vancouver, that's so cool. I was back. I was visited Vancouver trying to think one that was is that near victoria?
I
got it. Okay. Okay. Well
I I've been to both but that's interesting.
So it was just a family vacation. So we I think it was we we went to these gardens that were absolutely amazing. I think it's the boot start by saying that crazy Bouchard gardens.
I
didn't check that out.
wow that's awesome. That's awesome. I love hiking. Um Didn't I don't think we did much hiking up in Canada. I know at one point we did go to I think it's jasper I think
it's a park.
Calgary
bam
We
did we
did a month. Yes yes
so
Um But I've only I've done 14 years but only in colorado. So I do love hiking. Uh So
definitely
I
would I would have remembered I think I I don't remember that no
now.
so
That
sounds like it's such a nice scenic environment. That's awesome. Very cool. How's the weather up there? Is it
cold?
All right. Very needs.
Why?
but
that's great. Yeah I have not been on any trips since the first week of March. Uh
I used
to travel a bit but I don't know
I
was
going to go. I'm sorry go ahead.
Um I was gonna go to the great Smoky Mountains in april in Tennessee with my mom and it just didn't it just didn't feel safe. You just was there also so many places were shut down so like you know yes that we could go we could go to the park with some of the other attractions were like wow you know we really want to go do this and then bring like you know go to the grocery store like with our mask and then come back to the hotel and be in the hotel every night. We're like now
we'll skip
it.
But
um so yeah, so I'm so I'm, how do I say this? I'm
I'm
all y'all I do say y'all, but no, I um I've lived around, so I was born in California, um on an air force base and then moved to Connecticut, massachusetts Virginia, um but not Richmond um closer to um D. C. Um and then texas. So I've been in texas since high school, so it's been a while. Um But I'm sorry you were just saying, oh, so I do.
So regarding yeah,
traveling and regarding
masks. So I do think to be so like socially responsible. So do I do I like it. No, and I got I've got friends on both sides of the aisle and I'm probably more of a, can we just like be adults and like some of it, you know, like each of them, I'm like, okay, I I agree with like, I don't want the government to tell me what to do, but I'm also like lets you know if this
is going to help temporarily,
like let's help people, like let's not be irresponsible. So yeah,
I'm I'd say middle there in texas. Yeah.
So uh
what do you have a stance on masks? All right. Um
let
me see.
And I will say, I mean, I'm it's hard to work out while working out, but I am thankful at my gym, they allow you to wear your mask, you have to keep it on your face, but if you're doing intense exercise, you can lower your mask. So it's basically like this.
Makes sense. I've been an inside restaurant for takeout, but wearing my mask and then and then getting out of there, but trying to keep, so I mean I live alone. I've got no kids, no pets. Um So it's, I will say it's challenging at times, but I'm just glad at least things are starting to open up. Um
and I'm also thinking, okay, thankful for technology, you know, if being able to actually like, you know, text friends have video calls as needed. Um but it's just, it's not the same as like in person, like high fives and hugs and stuff like that. So I'm, I'm looking forward to when there's, you know, a safe vaccine. At least hopefully, you know, something that's, will be affected. I'm like, like is that
too much?
Yeah, that's so early.
That's
Yeah.
Yeah.
Office
Yeah,
it's tough.
That's pretty cool.
You can just go like
go wherever you are.
sure. Yeah, I work in project management
for
an
insurance
company, so I lead uh lead a team of analysts.
Are you hearing
that
echo
or not? Might just be me. Okay, I'm going to ignore it.
Um So I
work from
home
and
so
property
and casualty
insurance for businesses, so um your liability
workers, all that stuff. Um I work
kind of more on, yeah. PNC, you're you're good, I've said PNC to someone else, not quite what. Um So working a lot of countrywide projects, we've got legacy systems and try to bring everything to kind of one system and so there's a lot of um a lot of work also
with
vendors,
I am not it, but I am
the
the
business
side.
I do, yep. And I've got five business analysts that report to me and they're spread across the country um East coast west coast. So um I've been in this role now for about two years, so it's my first management role. I don't look like it because I'm still waking up no makeup on, but it's it's fun, you know, it's um it's, I'd say there's lots of variety so my background is in underwriting and just analyzing risk. Um and so I do just feel thankful that um you know, businesses still need insurance for the most part we've had, you know, some impacts just with the economy and you know some small businesses are going out of business and then you know return premium and things like that. But um I do miss business travel. That's why I was actually in san Diego the first week of March when we got the announcement that Oh we're going to stop traveling through April 30 and then that got extended and now it's through the end of the year and uh probably will get extended again. So Yeah.
What do you do?
connections
to talk to people. Hey, that's that's cool. That's that's great.
Here you are, awesome.
That's good. Yeah. So it's hearing about your travel stories. I don't know if you've watched the show, The Amazing Race. Have you heard of
it? Seen it?
Okay. All I know. So I've been to Canada and then I've just been over the border from Mexico Tijuana. So not, not a ton of um not, it's not a ton of travel, I will say I've been throughout many states. Um, and you know, Alaska hawaii. But um, I really enjoy that show just cause I feel like, man, I can actually see how, like when I start thinking like, oh man, like I'm really annoyed with something, I'll see how other people live and I almost feel like, okay, like be thankful, like I should be more thankful.
So
it's
kind of needs.
Tiny. Okay.
Yeah,
Right. For sure. Yeah, I was surprised just going to boston a few years. No, not a few years ago. Last, last summer, which feels like a few years ago, but no, last summer, actually I've been to boston a few times because that's where my company is headquartered. Um, but just walking around boston by myself, this last visit, I really like, they're like, I almost feel like the home like the homelessness nature has changed to like I was actually being like yelled at much more. It seems like more people were out. And I thought to myself, man, like I don't remember boston being like this and I guess just different cities, it just has changed and it's um, it's just, it's unfortunate, you know, I don't know what the solution is. It's like, it feels like some people I just need, need a little bit of help. But then other people that I see on the streets, it's almost like I need to like kind of like walk faster
because
it's almost like, you know, like, you know, they look like they're probably, you know, high or on, you know, something
that.
They
don't
want help
safe shooting.
what? I didn't know that. That's
so that's so, that's legal,
wow. That's
that's really
bad.
No
That's sad. Yeah.
Actually
no that's okay. That's all right. That's very cool, very cool. Um So it's the start of the weekend. Do you have anything any fun plans? You guys gonna go out and do anything? No, you're like walk, walk outside but being safe.
Some of the protests, you're sure?
Okay,
interesting.
Yeah. There's, there's crazy people everywhere I guess. Yeah. I mean even here in Dallas um I had some friends actually working in downtown Dallas and um the gym that I'm part of, they've got a downtown location And um they had some windows broken, it's like certain just random businesses and just, you know, people just go on, you know, people going crazy. So um
that's interesting. That's interesting. Well I've got Monday off from work and um I visited my parents. My parents live about 30 minutes, their house about 30 minutes from mine. And you know, if you're familiar with Dallas, I mean you could probably drive an hour and still be in Dallas.
So
but I'm excited just, I'm going to be catching up with a friend and we are doing painting with a twist which is socially distanced. I don't know if you're familiar with painting with a twist.
Um So it's um it's a company where you've got um you're gonna have a canvas and you will paint a picture. So this, this time it's um it's like a mountain scene um and so it's a guy, it's guided instruction and so there's an artist who leads the class in
how to
paint
this.
Yeah.
usually
there's
one you bring one you know? So um I'll probably bring my crystal. I I don't I don't drink alcohol anymore so
but yeah no it's um I'm looking forward to, you know you've got to wear a mask until you get to your table and then everything is distanced so um some risk. But I'm also just trying to I'm trying to kind of manage the risk like if I'm going out I'll wear a mask but then I'm also trying to like want to not have like a year of like doing nothing. So I'm trying to figure out things that are relatively safe that I can go do or minimizing my risk. So.
Yeah. Well done, yep. Travel again. Yeah,
That's
good
help.
Where? Yeah. Okay. That's very cool. Yeah I think I saw, I think it was yesterday um I think Hawaii might be starting to allow people back
in.
but only
don't have to Stay in my hotel for 14 days before
going up.
that's
true.
you're used to it, you're cool with it, you're you're not going to be a rebel and go out anyway so
there
you go. That's right. Right.
Very
smart.
That's right cool awesome. Um No that's I think that's neat. I wish I could go travel somewhere but I'm not I'm not at that point yet but
I do yeah
that's true
I'm
who knows I'm after here switch that. Yeah.
Very
that's that's a good idea then. Yeah
I mean I've got I've got some money saved up, might as well go and
and continue to go like explore and like enjoy life as I can so
Yeah cool
awesome. Have to check that out. Thank you. Uh huh. Oh cool. All right well I guess are we at did we hit our time then? Just looking at the
clock
to
chat with you.
I'm Christi, how about
you?
to chat with you and
yeah I will say like I haven't usually talked to so many people or to someone who is actually like in Canada and like you know just that's I'm like hey that's really cool, I
don't even think of that
hey
it's
good
that works.
All
All right
you two
already by