SPEAKER_L: turn to lie down.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: All right. So you've done this before? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: will be my uh fourth time I think doing this. I just did one yesterday and it said there were still uh spaces open so I thought I'd just do it again.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. This is actually my six times during one of these.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah the first time I did it my partner ever showed up and then they tried to reschedule me and then they never found anyone so and I think they only used to be like four times which was they can be increased it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, the limit was four and I did all four so I didn't, I couldn't do any more for a while. And then they done a message popped up on prolific saying that they would let us do two more and it was, the limit was six now. So I rescheduled. I scheduled up again, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think this will be my fifth, I one of them, I forget how much it is,
SPEAKER_R: How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing okay. Uh huh I live in Chicago and um I should live in Northwest indiana. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I'm out in pennsylvania
SPEAKER_L: uh I have
SPEAKER_R: now in the
SPEAKER_L: friend,
SPEAKER_R: woods.
SPEAKER_L: I have a friend lives in um in your philadelphia. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: We're like two hours from there were closer to the middle of the state where there's nothing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I used to live in uh like blooming to normal which was a central Illinois and there's it's just the town and a bunch of farmland until you get to like Chicago. It
SPEAKER_R: that's a little
SPEAKER_L: was like they were
SPEAKER_R: cows out here. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: You know
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: my,
SPEAKER_L: you know there's
SPEAKER_R: I do
SPEAKER_L: windmills
SPEAKER_R: all my
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: well windmills. Yeah, we got those on the, on the mountain. We had a bunch of the windmill power plants up there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah there aren't that much out here, but when you drive like get out of the I've further down south and the state will see on the line of windmills even going up to Wisconsin, you'll see that too. No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mm,
SPEAKER_L: Okay
SPEAKER_R: luckily I don't have to live in a city or anything for my job because everything I do is by mail. I don't know if you know about these Vape things. There are alternative to
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: cigarettes, basically. It's nicotine and some other
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: ingredients. And like you can make watermelon flavor, bubble gum flavor. You make any flavor you want it, you make it taste like candy tastes like cheesecake if you want. I sell
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: the juice that goes inside these for a living.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's kind of neat.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I do a computer repair or. Yeah computer parent, I work at a company uh preparing our computers, I. T. Work like
SPEAKER_R: I've always liked working for myself.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I kind of worked for myself to uh like an independent contractor.
SPEAKER_R: Iced
SPEAKER_L: It's kind of like do prolific and like I'm touched because it's your kind of like working for yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, this stuff I mean I'm bored, so I'm always on the computer, I might as well do it when it pops up, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, whenever I see I used the prolific assistant whenever I see a survey pop up, always clicking hide because I find it much it's more reliable than a counterculture. I've kind of work on that. Two on the side.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mturk. I don't know, I tried that out and it just it's all the tasks they have are boring.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. There's a lot of boring stuff on there. I remember last year I did a prediction survey, you have to like make predictions like what do you think the price of gas or press oil will be or what do you think? Like how many if there's gonna be a plane crash um or is someone gonna like uh sabotage planes? You have to make a prediction if that would happen to monster who's gonna funk survey. But they didn't have it this year. I don't know why. Yes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You watch football at all?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Kind of.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. You see what happened to Dak Prescott yesterday?
SPEAKER_L: I was uh was on Discord yesterday and then a friend of mine uh just wrote Dak Prescott and I was like what? And then I showed me the tweet and I was like, wow. Yeah, it's pretty bad.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, he got smashed. It's going to be a wild until he comes back and he was on a one year extension of his contract to so that might ruin his career.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But I saw the cowboys actually won that game. I think they want.
SPEAKER_R: Uh That's how that's how terrible the giants are. That that that Prescott leg falls off the giant snow Kalen, mm.
SPEAKER_L: that proves how bad the Bears were because they were favored, they were playing the Giants, uh, Three weeks ago. They were supposed to win by 5.5. The point spread was 4.5. And I ended up only where leave is 5.5 where we had a bad And they end up only winning by four. That was that was not fun.
SPEAKER_R: Then giants are fucking oh and five now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I wonder if we're gonna go over going 16 like the lions and I think some other team did that too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It could be man, they haven't had a lot of hard games this year and they're still not winning. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: My wife just started a new job today. She's out working at a restaurant.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mm. That must be fun, wow. Our state just opened up completely a couple weeks ago and now
SPEAKER_R: We've
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: been in we've been in phase yellow for a few months.
SPEAKER_L: We were like Phase one, Phase 5 and I don't know what it means. All I know is the numbers are increasing And uh we had like record numbers even for like a weekend like yesterday with 1500 cases today they posted 1500 cases just kind of scary since it's like the weekend. Those are cases from the weekend from like the
SPEAKER_R: man
SPEAKER_L: rig.
SPEAKER_R: and people are getting bored with it. Like people are just done, they don't care
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: everybody
SPEAKER_L: have noticed
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: like they're given up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I go to walmart and I see people not wearing masks um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Actually had to close their beaches down over the summer because all the people from Chicago because they closed the beaches in Chicago but then people were coming to indiana to go use our beaches to them. They had to go close to the beach where I live because there were too many people there. What's
SPEAKER_R: The thing that
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: gets me, they wouldn't let us hunt. Like hunting is something solitary. Your
SPEAKER_L: go?
SPEAKER_R: your spaced out your socially distance, you're out there by yourself. You know, you don't want to be around the other people. If anything that's more safe, you should be able to go out by yourself in the woods. You're not going to give anybody covid like that.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I used to go to air shows. Uh I gotta cancel this year thanks. Except a couple of them were like drive ins don't they were going to try and make one of them driving but I don't think they couldn't they couldn't create enough space for us to get all the cars in or something. Yeah. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: in theaters are having another come back now because of all this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh There's one popular one here where I live like the 49 are driving or something like that. They've been showing a lot of classic movies but I guess they've always been full based on the stuff and singing Facebook. They've had to turn people away because I just don't have an apartment spots. I think this is like one of the last few weekends are gonna be open because it's gonna get too cold out to actually have a drive in I think. I don't think they're gonna have it in the winter. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: probably not. But at least they got a little bit of a run there because the real movie theaters are dying. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: were supposed to open I think like in Chicago I'm supposed to open uh couple weeks ago, maybe a month or two ago and then I think they ended closing them again. What?
SPEAKER_R: even if they did open, they don't have any new movies to show because none
SPEAKER_L: but.
SPEAKER_R: of the movies, like none of the studios are shooting movies right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they have a whole bunch of movies like that they were planning on releasing but I think they're just like they don't want to release them because they're worried about not uh making money or Yeah, I guess to worry about the box office so they've delayed a bunch of movies till next year.
SPEAKER_R: Why release the movie? If it's only going to be able to like, Oh, you have to keep 25% occupancy in the theatre. You can't pack the place.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah it's an issue and uh the studio would lose money and movies, the movie theaters a pay like rent the movie so they are going to be and I don't see the studio giving them a discount or rented. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: Girl
SPEAKER_R: rough.
SPEAKER_L: shit might I was
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: waiting for you, the new Top Gun. But well I'll have to keep waiting.
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully this will be over in a few more months. Get that vaccine out. Everybody get fucking shut up with that shit. We'll all be good to go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hopefully there's a vaccine that works. This are starting Phase three trials I've heard. Yeah. You have to see what ends up happening. Uh I know one of them had a setback I think because they didn't have enough people or that the demographics didn't line up properly so they had to read allocate uh the amount of people that were getting. I heard that it was last week. Well yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Well they're working as fast as they can. So in a
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: way
SPEAKER_L: say
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: good. In a way. That's bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, hopefully. Yeah. I'm hoping it's safe. I don't want to be like taking vaccines that are have side effects.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, as long as it works, if a few people get some
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: side effects, it's worth it. That's how we've decided all the other vaccines
SPEAKER_L: Good?
SPEAKER_R: are, You know, like some people get side effects from all the vaccines and you know what? It's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: such a few amount of people that society, we've decided it's worth it, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like the flu vaccine, I think some people get sick from it. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. Or even the simple shit. Like the mmr, Some people have a bad reaction to that. It's only like a one in a million thing. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The guy had think I've had I know I've had that when I was younger. I don't think about it recently. No, I think I need a tetanus shot again. It's been a couple of been 10 years since I got one. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: it's been about eight for me. So I got to
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: have that on the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: calendar.
SPEAKER_L: Because I had it when I got stitches once and they give it to me in the er I don't know why just like we need to give you a 10 shot. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was working in a prison so they made me get it in case I got stabbed.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that must have been fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Crazy place. Crazy place.
SPEAKER_L: Uh prison once. Uh not arrested but for a high school uh field trip, we went to uh The Big One in Chicago at 26 in California. Oh they took us all there and it was kind of an adventure.
SPEAKER_R: I was working in the kitchen, I was the kitchen supervisor in a maximum security place in uh upstate new york. And we had inmates doing all like the actual cooking but I was there watching them and making sure they did all the right shit.
SPEAKER_L: it has to be kind be guys scary I guess. Especially in America.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: it's always
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: fun when you know the guy who's standing there cutting all the meat with a butcher knife is in for three murders and you have to tell him what to do like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I bet the knife's aren't like halted down or like they can just take the knife with them or something. Oh
SPEAKER_R: they uh they have to go through the metal detector when they leave the kitchen but they can do whatever they want while they're in there.
SPEAKER_L: because at the airport uh they have nice to like cut the eagles and stuff and they actually have them tied down so you can't take them on the plane. There's no metal detectors could get past security.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I haven't been on a plane in years. It's just too much of a hassle.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, flu. It took a cruise eyes to your family and just going through security. It's a nightmare. It's like everything out. Plus I have my laptop, I had to take my laptop out, my cell phone out, ipad camp corner to take that all out. And it was just and then you gotta go put it back on back
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: in the bed and you got to take your belt off, you take your shoes off. Yeah and then you're holding up the line trying to get everything the way they want.
SPEAKER_R: it's a lot more fun and a lot easier to just drive across country if you need to go if you can if you can make the time not a lot of people can take the time to drive all the way across the country
SPEAKER_L: No not a lot of people probably can't, it takes too long and they probably don't have the patience to sit in the car for how long it takes. Like I've taken road trips from Chicago to Detroit and that takes a long time. Okay wow.
SPEAKER_R: if you're going to stop along the way and see the sights.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah we did that one time when we were we went to an air show like dating and then took a long journey back and stopped at different places. Just look and oh just to kind of see what it was like. Can't even stop today um From those stores, outlet stores you always think you're getting a good deal but you're probably not.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you're getting stuff that's a little bit lower quality and you're paying a much lower price.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's a big mall out somewhere in in Northern indiana. Just I'm just looking at the different stuff just trying to I don't really want anything there.
SPEAKER_R: My mom used to get the stuff at the outlets when I was growing up because that was all she could really afford back then
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. We used to we used to up to scott so there's one like in kenosha leads to stop it that uh I don't know if we bought anything, there were anything there but I do remember is the squeeze shot there. But yeah. Oh I think my dad actually invested in like a shopping mall or something. I don't know how They're like went out of business or something. I didn't do as well as I thought I would like 20 years ago. I remember it was something in the air Force. It was and they made me someone that had brought it up or something.
SPEAKER_R: nowadays malls are just dying left and right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I wouldn't be investing them all now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like there's bear like this there's only a few stores in the mall out here and this is the middle of nowhere. So small like things take a while to reach out here So if malls are dying here, they're probably been dead for a while everywhere else. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well like some of the malls out in like northern the northern suburbs, Chicago is still feeling okay, but they're not like they used to be like I haven't been to them, I haven't been to like North Park or whatever and some of the other models in years so I can't imagine what they're like now. Like all the food courts have, they've taken out all the food courts and replaced them with like generic stuff. Yeah, I'm sure they're struggling and now with the pandemic is probably even worse because the
SPEAKER_R: Our
SPEAKER_L: third.
SPEAKER_R: current Our economy got hit hard when all the mines got shut down like 10 years ago.
SPEAKER_L: God we have at least I think where I live there's like steel mills and I know that what they've been struggling I think every year it just keeps getting worse. I've been hearing they keep shutting them down. Uh there's a big oil refinery near where I live, but I don't think that one is ever going to shut down. There's always mean the oil resigned. The big
SPEAKER_R: probably.
SPEAKER_L: people have a big BP plant and uh where I live and then when the winds are blowing a certain way you can smell the the the exhaust from the stuff they're burning. Especially if you everyone, especially in the summer family windows open and kind of smell.
SPEAKER_R: They burn off all the waste gas.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but I don't live that close to it, but you can still kind of smell where I love. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: when we're driving past where the minds they're not even running anymore, like the mines are shut down. Sometimes when we're driving by the old mines, you can still smell all the fucking oil from a cold coming out of the mountains,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh that's
SPEAKER_R: especially
SPEAKER_L: her.
SPEAKER_R: if it can rain.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. They have some like trash uh places near where I live and sometimes you kind of smell of burning the trash off the methane. Well not really
SPEAKER_R: I have no idea where they take our trash.
SPEAKER_L: I there used to be one where it used to be one I think where I live. I think it's still there. I don't know if it's okay, I don't know if they moved it to a different place. Yeah. I don't know where they take it now. Actually my parents, I don't know where they take it. There's a they built a uh like a ice uh when it snows there's a mountain that people can slide down. We're going to one of the trash mountain. Yeah, it's not all covered up with grasp. I know that people like snowboard down it or slow down it
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. There's a lot of hills and mountains up here, so, so there's always a good place to go. Sledding.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Which is led near the highway. The bridges are like there's grass next to where the bridges are. When I was young we used to go over there and slowed down it. Mhm But there isn't damage like at least where I love it's really flat dark to me mountains or any place.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. Mhm. Oh
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: uh we're like, my house is in a valley, we got mountains on this side of us, We got mountains on this side of us. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's got nothing I just got like apartments and uh look Their skyscrapers maybe 20 miles away.
SPEAKER_R: all right, there's nothing like that, anyone here?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. They can see the serious tower then the Willis Tower, it's what's called if if it's sunny out if it's clear sky
SPEAKER_R: I grew up in Hoboken New Jersey, right across the Hudson River from Manhattan. So like, I grew up being able to see like the Empire State Building, the World Trade Center, all that like out my windows and stuff. I I don't
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: like living in the city though. It's too many people, it's all packed close together. Like I don't like living like a sardine. I like living out here. I'm a free range human.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. You know when I like travel to like new york, there's this people everywhere when you're just watch just as a tourist, it's good. Crazy how many people are even going to downtown Chicago, sometimes I'll have to go downtown for some work or some projects or something, it's really crowded and then taking the train so many people are trained.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, Subway's terrible. It says it's bad out here. Even public transit is not that bad because there's not that many people, so we'll give them a bus. There's maybe eight people on the bus.
SPEAKER_L: we used to have bus service and then they canceled because not a lot of people were taking it.
SPEAKER_R: They could never do that here because all the old people take the bus and old people vote. So if there was ever like somebody who tried to cancel the bus, they would get kicked out of office.
SPEAKER_L: well there and there really isn't too many places ago because it didn't before they want to go like to northwest indiana you probably want to go to Chicago. So I just got it didn't make sense to keep the bus service. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: We've got the casino. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I got a casino near my apartment and they're building a hard rock casino out here. A new one. Yeah. I don't know why I'm like Gary needs a hard rock casino but it's gonna be right off the expressway so I guess people will go to it. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: people love gambling. That's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: thing I never knew how much people love gambling until they live near a casino. That place is always completely packed.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know there's yeah there's one near my parents house that they opened a casino and every time you drive by we're going to the airport you can see all the cars in the garage because you can tell where people apart because there's lights above the cars, it'll turn right to let you know that spot's not open. You'll see you drive by the parking garage you see as red lights you know it's full and then the like the valet park because outside that's freaking full too. And like the minimum that's displace aren't that cheap. Like Crabs was like $15 a roll from minimum which don't expensive I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: See the Mohegan, they've got like, uh huh. Some cheap like, uh, what the fuck are those machines called?
SPEAKER_L: slot machines.
SPEAKER_R: slot machines? So
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: you got all the old, like you'll see like 2, 300 old ladies just sitting in there, like their whole social security check going down the machine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You'll see that here too. And I've gone like uh I used to go to the casino here, Horseshoe Casino. You'd see you see everyone to slot machines and they don't pay out as much because the the uh it's not like Vegas where they have uh lower payment thresholds here, it's higher. So obviously you're not gonna win as much but you just see you see everyone in the song machines, we used to have like a drink or two at the bar and it was in the casinos. He actually to go in there and walk past all the all the slot machines and stuff. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Well, it looks like it's been 25 minutes. All right, nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice talking to you,
SPEAKER_R: Have a good one.
SPEAKER_L: you too
SPEAKER_R: Bye bye.