turn to lie down.
Good.
will be my uh fourth time I think doing this. I just did one yesterday and it said there were still uh spaces open so I thought I'd just do it again.
Yeah the first time I did it my partner ever showed up and then they tried to reschedule me and then they never found anyone so and I think they only used to be like four times which was they can be increased it.
I think this will be my fifth, I one of them, I forget how much it is,
I'm doing okay. Uh huh I live in Chicago and um I should live in Northwest indiana. Oh
uh I have
friend,
I have a friend lives in um in your philadelphia. Mhm
I used to live in uh like blooming to normal which was a central Illinois and there's it's just the town and a bunch of farmland until you get to like Chicago. It
was like they were
You know
there's
like
when
you know there's
windmills
were
yeah there aren't that much out here, but when you drive like get out of the I've further down south and the state will see on the line of windmills even going up to Wisconsin, you'll see that too. No. Yeah.
Okay
to.
no.
What?
wow, that's kind of neat.
I do a computer repair or. Yeah computer parent, I work at a company uh preparing our computers, I. T. Work like
yeah I kind of worked for myself to uh like an independent contractor.
It's kind of like do prolific and like I'm touched because it's your kind of like working for yourself.
Yeah, whenever I see I used the prolific assistant whenever I see a survey pop up, always clicking hide because I find it much it's more reliable than a counterculture. I've kind of work on that. Two on the side.
Okay. Yeah. There's a lot of boring stuff on there. I remember last year I did a prediction survey, you have to like make predictions like what do you think the price of gas or press oil will be or what do you think? Like how many if there's gonna be a plane crash um or is someone gonna like uh sabotage planes? You have to make a prediction if that would happen to monster who's gonna funk survey. But they didn't have it this year. I don't know why. Yes. Yeah.
Yeah. Kind of.
I was uh was on Discord yesterday and then a friend of mine uh just wrote Dak Prescott and I was like what? And then I showed me the tweet and I was like, wow. Yeah, it's pretty bad.
Yeah. But I saw the cowboys actually won that game. I think they want.
that proves how bad the Bears were because they were favored, they were playing the Giants, uh, Three weeks ago. They were supposed to win by 5.5. The point spread was 4.5. And I ended up only where leave is 5.5 where we had a bad And they end up only winning by four. That was that was not fun.
Yeah. I wonder if we're gonna go over going 16 like the lions and I think some other team did that too. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yes.
Okay.
Yeah. Mm. That must be fun, wow. Our state just opened up completely a couple weeks ago and now
they
We were like Phase one, Phase 5 and I don't know what it means. All I know is the numbers are increasing And uh we had like record numbers even for like a weekend like yesterday with 1500 cases today they posted 1500 cases just kind of scary since it's like the weekend. Those are cases from the weekend from like the
rig.
You
have noticed
that.
Yeah I go to walmart and I see people not wearing masks um
uh
Mhm Actually had to close their beaches down over the summer because all the people from Chicago because they closed the beaches in Chicago but then people were coming to indiana to go use our beaches to them. They had to go close to the beach where I live because there were too many people there. What's
there
go?
Uh I used to go to air shows. Uh I gotta cancel this year thanks. Except a couple of them were like drive ins don't they were going to try and make one of them driving but I don't think they couldn't they couldn't create enough space for us to get all the cars in or something. Yeah. Mhm. Okay.
Yeah. Uh There's one popular one here where I live like the 49 are driving or something like that. They've been showing a lot of classic movies but I guess they've always been full based on the stuff and singing Facebook. They've had to turn people away because I just don't have an apartment spots. I think this is like one of the last few weekends are gonna be open because it's gonna get too cold out to actually have a drive in I think. I don't think they're gonna have it in the winter. Yeah.
were supposed to open I think like in Chicago I'm supposed to open uh couple weeks ago, maybe a month or two ago and then I think they ended closing them again. What?
but.
Yeah, they have a whole bunch of movies like that they were planning on releasing but I think they're just like they don't want to release them because they're worried about not uh making money or Yeah, I guess to worry about the box office so they've delayed a bunch of movies till next year.
Mhm. Yeah it's an issue and uh the studio would lose money and movies, the movie theaters a pay like rent the movie so they are going to be and I don't see the studio giving them a discount or rented. Mhm. Yeah.
Girl
shit might I was
waiting for you, the new Top Gun. But well I'll have to keep waiting.
Yeah. Hopefully there's a vaccine that works. This are starting Phase three trials I've heard. Yeah. You have to see what ends up happening. Uh I know one of them had a setback I think because they didn't have enough people or that the demographics didn't line up properly so they had to read allocate uh the amount of people that were getting. I heard that it was last week. Well yeah. Oh
it
say
it.
Yeah, hopefully. Yeah. I'm hoping it's safe. I don't want to be like taking vaccines that are have side effects.
What?
Good?
But
Yeah. Like the flu vaccine, I think some people get sick from it. Uh huh.
Yeah. The guy had think I've had I know I've had that when I was younger. I don't think about it recently. No, I think I need a tetanus shot again. It's been a couple of been 10 years since I got one. Mm.
Thank
you
Because I had it when I got stitches once and they give it to me in the er I don't know why just like we need to give you a 10 shot. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah, that must have been fun.
Uh prison once. Uh not arrested but for a high school uh field trip, we went to uh The Big One in Chicago at 26 in California. Oh they took us all there and it was kind of an adventure.
it has to be kind be guys scary I guess. Especially in America.
Thank
you.
Yeah. I bet the knife's aren't like halted down or like they can just take the knife with them or something. Oh
because at the airport uh they have nice to like cut the eagles and stuff and they actually have them tied down so you can't take them on the plane. There's no metal detectors could get past security.
Yeah, flu. It took a cruise eyes to your family and just going through security. It's a nightmare. It's like everything out. Plus I have my laptop, I had to take my laptop out, my cell phone out, ipad camp corner to take that all out. And it was just and then you gotta go put it back on back
in the bed and you got to take your belt off, you take your shoes off. Yeah and then you're holding up the line trying to get everything the way they want.
No not a lot of people probably can't, it takes too long and they probably don't have the patience to sit in the car for how long it takes. Like I've taken road trips from Chicago to Detroit and that takes a long time. Okay wow.
Okay. Yeah we did that one time when we were we went to an air show like dating and then took a long journey back and stopped at different places. Just look and oh just to kind of see what it was like. Can't even stop today um From those stores, outlet stores you always think you're getting a good deal but you're probably not.
Yeah it's a big mall out somewhere in in Northern indiana. Just I'm just looking at the different stuff just trying to I don't really want anything there.
Mhm. We used to we used to up to scott so there's one like in kenosha leads to stop it that uh I don't know if we bought anything, there were anything there but I do remember is the squeeze shot there. But yeah. Oh I think my dad actually invested in like a shopping mall or something. I don't know how They're like went out of business or something. I didn't do as well as I thought I would like 20 years ago. I remember it was something in the air Force. It was and they made me someone that had brought it up or something.
Yeah. I wouldn't be investing them all now. Yeah.
Well like some of the malls out in like northern the northern suburbs, Chicago is still feeling okay, but they're not like they used to be like I haven't been to them, I haven't been to like North Park or whatever and some of the other models in years so I can't imagine what they're like now. Like all the food courts have, they've taken out all the food courts and replaced them with like generic stuff. Yeah, I'm sure they're struggling and now with the pandemic is probably even worse because the
third.
God we have at least I think where I live there's like steel mills and I know that what they've been struggling I think every year it just keeps getting worse. I've been hearing they keep shutting them down. Uh there's a big oil refinery near where I live, but I don't think that one is ever going to shut down. There's always mean the oil resigned. The big
people have a big BP plant and uh where I live and then when the winds are blowing a certain way you can smell the the the exhaust from the stuff they're burning. Especially if you everyone, especially in the summer family windows open and kind of smell.
Yeah, but I don't live that close to it, but you can still kind of smell where I love. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Yeah. Oh that's
her.
Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. They have some like trash uh places near where I live and sometimes you kind of smell of burning the trash off the methane. Well not really
I there used to be one where it used to be one I think where I live. I think it's still there. I don't know if it's okay, I don't know if they moved it to a different place. Yeah. I don't know where they take it now. Actually my parents, I don't know where they take it. There's a they built a uh like a ice uh when it snows there's a mountain that people can slide down. We're going to one of the trash mountain. Yeah, it's not all covered up with grasp. I know that people like snowboard down it or slow down it
Yeah. Which is led near the highway. The bridges are like there's grass next to where the bridges are. When I was young we used to go over there and slowed down it. Mhm But there isn't damage like at least where I love it's really flat dark to me mountains or any place.
What?
Oh it's got nothing I just got like apartments and uh look Their skyscrapers maybe 20 miles away.
Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. They can see the serious tower then the Willis Tower, it's what's called if if it's sunny out if it's clear sky
thanks.
Mhm. You know when I like travel to like new york, there's this people everywhere when you're just watch just as a tourist, it's good. Crazy how many people are even going to downtown Chicago, sometimes I'll have to go downtown for some work or some projects or something, it's really crowded and then taking the train so many people are trained.
we used to have bus service and then they canceled because not a lot of people were taking it.
well there and there really isn't too many places ago because it didn't before they want to go like to northwest indiana you probably want to go to Chicago. So I just got it didn't make sense to keep the bus service. Uh huh.
Yeah I got a casino near my apartment and they're building a hard rock casino out here. A new one. Yeah. I don't know why I'm like Gary needs a hard rock casino but it's gonna be right off the expressway so I guess people will go to it. Okay.
that's
fine.
Yeah. You know there's yeah there's one near my parents house that they opened a casino and every time you drive by we're going to the airport you can see all the cars in the garage because you can tell where people apart because there's lights above the cars, it'll turn right to let you know that spot's not open. You'll see you drive by the parking garage you see as red lights you know it's full and then the like the valet park because outside that's freaking full too. And like the minimum that's displace aren't that cheap. Like Crabs was like $15 a roll from minimum which don't expensive I think. Yeah.
slot machines.
No.
Yeah. You'll see that here too. And I've gone like uh I used to go to the casino here, Horseshoe Casino. You'd see you see everyone to slot machines and they don't pay out as much because the the uh it's not like Vegas where they have uh lower payment thresholds here, it's higher. So obviously you're not gonna win as much but you just see you see everyone in the song machines, we used to have like a drink or two at the bar and it was in the casinos. He actually to go in there and walk past all the all the slot machines and stuff. Yeah. Mhm.
Nice talking to you,
you too