Hey, how's it going?
All right. So you've done this before? Yeah.
Yeah. This is actually my six times during one of these.
Yeah, the limit was four and I did all four so I didn't, I couldn't do any more for a while. And then they done a message popped up on prolific saying that they would let us do two more and it was, the limit was six now. So I rescheduled. I scheduled up again, you know? Yeah.
How you doing?
I'm out in pennsylvania
now in the
woods.
We're like two hours from there were closer to the middle of the state where there's nothing. Yeah.
that's a little
cows out here. Uh huh.
I
do
all
my,
I do
all my
well windmills. Yeah, we got those on the, on the mountain. We had a bunch of the windmill power plants up there.
Mm,
luckily I don't have to live in a city or anything for my job because everything I do is by mail. I don't know if you know about these Vape things. There are alternative to
cigarettes, basically. It's nicotine and some other
ingredients. And like you can make watermelon flavor, bubble gum flavor. You make any flavor you want it, you make it taste like candy tastes like cheesecake if you want. I sell
the juice that goes inside these for a living.
No.
I've always liked working for myself.
Iced
Yeah, this stuff I mean I'm bored, so I'm always on the computer, I might as well do it when it pops up, you know?
Yeah. Mturk. I don't know, I tried that out and it just it's all the tasks they have are boring.
You watch football at all?
Yes. You see what happened to Dak Prescott yesterday?
yeah, he got smashed. It's going to be a wild until he comes back and he was on a one year extension of his contract to so that might ruin his career.
Uh That's how that's how terrible the giants are. That that that Prescott leg falls off the giant snow Kalen, mm.
Then giants are fucking oh and five now.
It could be man, they haven't had a lot of hard games this year and they're still not winning. So.
Uh huh.
My wife just started a new job today. She's out working at a restaurant.
We've
been in we've been in phase yellow for a few months.
man
and people are getting bored with it. Like people are just done, they don't care
everybody
just
like they're given up.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah.
The thing that
gets me, they wouldn't let us hunt. Like hunting is something solitary. Your
your spaced out your socially distance, you're out there by yourself. You know, you don't want to be around the other people. If anything that's more safe, you should be able to go out by yourself in the woods. You're not going to give anybody covid like that.
in theaters are having another come back now because of all this.
probably not. But at least they got a little bit of a run there because the real movie theaters are dying. Mhm.
even if they did open, they don't have any new movies to show because none
of the movies, like none of the studios are shooting movies right now.
Why release the movie? If it's only going to be able to like, Oh, you have to keep 25% occupancy in the theatre. You can't pack the place.
it's
rough.
Hopefully.
Hopefully this will be over in a few more months. Get that vaccine out. Everybody get fucking shut up with that shit. We'll all be good to go.
Well they're working as fast as they can. So in a
way
that's
good. In a way. That's bad.
Yeah. I mean, as long as it works, if a few people get some
side effects, it's worth it. That's how we've decided all the other vaccines
are, You know, like some people get side effects from all the vaccines and you know what? It's
such a few amount of people that society, we've decided it's worth it, you know?
absolutely. Or even the simple shit. Like the mmr, Some people have a bad reaction to that. It's only like a one in a million thing. But
it's been about eight for me. So I got to
have that on the
calendar.
I was working in a prison so they made me get it in case I got stabbed.
Yeah. Yeah. Crazy place. Crazy place.
I was working in the kitchen, I was the kitchen supervisor in a maximum security place in uh upstate new york. And we had inmates doing all like the actual cooking but I was there watching them and making sure they did all the right shit.
so
it's always
fun when you know the guy who's standing there cutting all the meat with a butcher knife is in for three murders and you have to tell him what to do like
they uh they have to go through the metal detector when they leave the kitchen but they can do whatever they want while they're in there.
Yeah I haven't been on a plane in years. It's just too much of a hassle.
no
it's a lot more fun and a lot easier to just drive across country if you need to go if you can if you can make the time not a lot of people can take the time to drive all the way across the country
if you're going to stop along the way and see the sights.
Yeah you're getting stuff that's a little bit lower quality and you're paying a much lower price.
My mom used to get the stuff at the outlets when I was growing up because that was all she could really afford back then
nowadays malls are just dying left and right.
like there's bear like this there's only a few stores in the mall out here and this is the middle of nowhere. So small like things take a while to reach out here So if malls are dying here, they're probably been dead for a while everywhere else. Mhm.
Our
current Our economy got hit hard when all the mines got shut down like 10 years ago.
probably.
They burn off all the waste gas.
when we're driving past where the minds they're not even running anymore, like the mines are shut down. Sometimes when we're driving by the old mines, you can still smell all the fucking oil from a cold coming out of the mountains,
especially
if it can rain.
I have no idea where they take our trash.
Thank you. There's a lot of hills and mountains up here, so, so there's always a good place to go. Sledding.
Yeah. Right. Mhm. Oh
uh we're like, my house is in a valley, we got mountains on this side of us, We got mountains on this side of us. So
all right, there's nothing like that, anyone here?
I grew up in Hoboken New Jersey, right across the Hudson River from Manhattan. So like, I grew up being able to see like the Empire State Building, the World Trade Center, all that like out my windows and stuff. I I don't
like living in the city though. It's too many people, it's all packed close together. Like I don't like living like a sardine. I like living out here. I'm a free range human.
Oh yeah, Subway's terrible. It says it's bad out here. Even public transit is not that bad because there's not that many people, so we'll give them a bus. There's maybe eight people on the bus.
They could never do that here because all the old people take the bus and old people vote. So if there was ever like somebody who tried to cancel the bus, they would get kicked out of office.
We've got the casino. So
people love gambling. That's
one
thing I never knew how much people love gambling until they live near a casino. That place is always completely packed.
See the Mohegan, they've got like, uh huh. Some cheap like, uh, what the fuck are those machines called?
slot machines? So
you got all the old, like you'll see like 2, 300 old ladies just sitting in there, like their whole social security check going down the machine.
Well, it looks like it's been 25 minutes. All right, nice talking to you.
Have a good one.
Bye bye.