Mhm. Hello? Can you
hear me okay?
Good. I mean,
trying to stay out the heat.
It's
okay. So is mine. So when? Yeah, I told you in there, Huh?
Hey,
we
have to
teach.
that's
good.
So where are you at? Urban texas? Oh,
So different kinds of hot but still hot.
Come
on
tonight.
But I mean close, very close, definitely. Yeah,
I was
like,
And there's not a lot of water and basic
skills,
So yeah, you're not doing too bad. I forget who they said was having a water shortage. But uh, so in Bakersfield, it's mountains kind of like that area. My grandma used to stay in a little rock like costa pocket. Hell no,
no California
near
Palmdale Lancaster.
Yeah, that's what my grandma, so I used to go out there and visit in the summertime. So I remember being hot out there because it's just like desert. Like, yeah,
I didn't see, it seemed more like Arizona and California.
tumbleweeds,
cactus and a lot of desert, you
know?
So yeah, I guess it gets bad everywhere, but I used to live in California for
bit. Um Los Angeles and then Anaheim. So brother I like the beach
different completely.
Travel.
I
mean there's worse like to be trapped,
I'm guessing.
It's
So
what do you do out there for fun? Like what? Uh I guess maybe
I
was
gonna think maybe
pretty
coronavirus.
You
do you have any like stairs
or
anything?
Or
like I'm like out here we have like a fiesta like in March, like a whole carnival and fair and parades
and stuff, right.
You
think
just going to uh
you
know
what
when you put some
where
it's
like you don't really go out. So it's more like touristy stuff. So like if you were visiting to find all this stuff to do. But yeah, because here in san Antonio, I'm in san Antonio and there's like the Alamo and the river walk, but like once you've done that like one time pretty much over it. And so yeah,
so I mean I guess they have um like in Austin they have south by southwest were like a movie and music, independent film and yeah,
so that's nice. But it's also crowded and a little bit dangerous because it's Austin. Yeah. Um And then they have a lot of like sports stuff like what is it? March Madness. I think it's my computer stand or something. But they do all star weekend. Okay.
So they have a little bit of stuff. Huh?
Television.
So
how
far
is L.
A. From
two?
that's not bad. I'm trying to think, I mean I guess it's an hour and a half to two hours.
I remember it was a little trip to go from L. A. To Palmdale. My sister lives in L. A. And my grandma lived in Palmdale stuff. It was kind of a trip to get there on my greyhound, but we were kids, so everything seems like it's a forever. Yeah.
Mhm. Yes
it is,
Especially.
because I mean you know it takes forever to get out of Texas like or to get anywhere in Texas, so uh like Austin is like two hours away, so I think that's like $10 on greyhounds. Hell yeah save some gas is gonna have to drive, you know just catch the greyhound back and then they have like the parking uh parking rides where you can park your car and then get on the bus, even like the city buses and then just come back. So helps with like the commute like this, get away on the other side of town or something. Yes. I don't know exactly how that works. But I guess it works maybe if you carve
so.
So,
I used to live in with Kyle and that's kind of how much ties there. I don't know who developed their city, but even their transit, like it only runs to like six o'clock at night. So. And that's like going to the
terminal. So like if you get off past 65 plates and you don't have a car, you're just, you're lifting it or cab, get a cab or hopefully a friend will come pick you up or something. So,
I don't know.
It's
It
it's
already very
well.
There's
what, like maybe
five
minutes away from my house. There's a there's a railroad track too. So don't feel that it's
fun.
It's not that bad.
What?
Yeah. When I go outside to smoke, there's a train. But if you go like five apartments away from us, there was a training track. So that to me, yeah, I don't, yeah,
I don't know how the people at the end of the apartments do it because I probably go crazy. But yeah, like you said after a while you kind of drowned it out. So except for one that like blows its horn and then you're like, hmm,
that's good. Did you know like
friends or uh
that's
true. That's very true. Yeah, I had some roommates in Wichita that weren't very good. And now now I moved I just moved back here in texas like two weeks ago. So my best friend, I'm staying with him and his brother, which is nice, but I'm going to look for an apartment. But yeah, hey, so long as you have a roof over your head and it's comfortable I say, who cares? Yeah.
we have the one window unit and so there's not a window unit in the room. So I feel bad because at night his brother like close his room door and I'm like he's gonna die in here, like he has a fan, but I'm always like cracking the door over like okay, we got to go to bed because he sleeps and we're making noise and he's going to die if you keep that door closed like your time. So. So I mean it happens like I said, as long as you're comfortable because you can stay in a really nice apartment with like some really crappy people then that's uh
but he even sucks even worse me like in a crappy apartment with crappy people and that makes it easy going. Uh
now uh
not in san Antonio but on the outskirts. I know a lot of people here that work for like the oil people, like they go out for like a week at a time or so and then they come back for you know, for a couple of days and go out and but not in san Antonio uh specifically.
But yeah, I know that it's kind of closer, I said like an hour, 30 minutes to an hour out. We have like some old fields and then we have them all around Texas, I'm sure. But yeah, I have a friend whose boyfriend does happen.
they have like the windmill looking things or whatever they're called, like a little oil.
I
don't like
that. Oh my God.
because I'm like, I heard of Bakersfield before. I know we went to like san Diego for her
to go to the zoo, but I don't think I've ever been, Maybe I've written through Bakersfield and didn't remember. It's possible. But yeah, they have a lot of stuff out here. They have a car shows. Um and then they have like taste in new Orleans where it's just maybe a lot of people eating and listening to jazz I guess. But I get
something.
Yeah. It's pretty, it's pretty nice. And then you have like stuff that you don't, and anywhere that has turkey legs, like I'm in. So if they're going to be a food truck with circulate on there or funnel cake, I'm definitely going. So yeah.
Yeah. You better just find stuff to do it now. It's even
harder.
I'll take a street taco then, you know, stuff like that is fine tomorrow later or something is cool. I'm not picky, but it
kind of sucks that everything is like closed down and can't really do anything now. So miss out on all that stuff.
But
And then somebody said they went to the restaurant.
I
think
you can
only have like 10 people in the restaurant at the time or something. So like people are like standing like outside, like around the building. I'm like, it's not that serious. But Dora dash and die and overeat gets expensive. Like if you want something to eat out. So I've been doing a lot of cooking. Hmm
I know texas is kind of on a higher alert in some states because I guess the numbers are higher here in some parts. Um because when I first got ready to come back here, everybody was like, oh if you go to texas and you come back after your quarantine for two weeks and I was like, should I wait like move back down there? Like it was like, I thought
it
was like
tapering
off that and they're like, no, not in texas. Like I don't know what happened, but they opened everything up and then like everybody got sick and so they're like closing it down now, they're slowly opening it back up again. Thank you.
And I thought that they were going out of business. I thought I read somewhere that like movie theaters were thinking about going bankrupt or something. Yeah.
I know that there's a lot of tv shows
that I'm waiting to restart that have not restarted yet because they are still waiting. So wait.
Yeah. No sex because I've been waiting on, you know some of them like the season ended like the beginning of last year, like I should have been already been watching then this season I have to
wait. So I've just been been watching netflix, all kind of stuff on netflix, even though uh
that's true
and I haven't watched the the one guy with the tigers or whatever. Everybody keeps telling me to watch. Yeah,
I haven't watched it yet. So uh
everybody keeps telling me that I'm
going
to
watch
it,
but I was like I don't want to see me anybody doing anything bad to animals and they're like no but yeah I'm gonna have to check it out because everybody's talking about it. And then I'm like, I'm lost in the conversation so I have no idea what they're talking about. And I'm like, hey, wait, don't tell me because I got to watch it still. And they're like, seriously? Like we've been quarantined. What? You didn't do it?
I think,
it
seems like it's a lot going on. And I just don't think I'm ready for you. I
think
I'm just not quite serious. Like I haven't watched my all the shows. That's where I'm like, okay. I guess I have to like Tiger King. I'll just hold off for like another couple of weeks maybe. Who knows? Maybe corona go away. I got it. But thank you. Yeah.
What?
And that's the thing like there's a lot of places out here like corner stores and stuff that they like, We know what you're right not to wear a mask, but it's all right not to serve you so like you don't have a mass you can't come in bitch. I mean yeah, I think that that's smart because I mean why just be out your breathing on each other if you don't have to and you gotta go and deal with you know, not being able to breathe where a little bit get all your errands done and just go home. I do a lot of shopping online just makes it easier. Mhm. Oh
and
everything
agree
with
this.
Very
good looking.
No your your time. Yeah.
that makes sense. I usually go through like insta cart or something, but I'm always looking for like Chrome os and stuff because it gets expensive or I'll do the one we're like well in Wichita I guess you can do it here too, but it be an HPV but I just do the grocery shopping and then put it for pickup, so I'll have to do is just like going to lift or get a ride and then they just put it in the car and then I just drive up, it's already paid for them, but you're in this
court.
HPV. Dylan's and walmart, they all I know they all do it. Um So you just like you grocery shop and then you can say if you want them to substitute it or not, you know, so they don't have something if you don't want to substitute it, then they want most of the time they'll text you um Dylan's, if they have to substitute it for something, it's usually something more expensive, but they don't charge you like you're still charged at the regular price. So that's kind of cool because they're like give you like name brand, like cereal. And I was going for like rice Krispies in the bag and they're like we ran now but here it goes like Kellogg's and I'm like okay but yeah so everything you pay for everything and then um you said a certain time to pick it up and then you just go and you call them when you're outside and they just bring it put it in your car for you or trunk or whatever. Just give me Yeah.
This is
I'm gonna
get grocery delivery but insta cart I think their delivery free, it's cheaper and then if you spend over $35, I think it's free, 35 or 50. But I think Walmart free after $50 to. But they're like the most expensive because they're like 10 bucks. And I think like, well I don't know how much a tv is because it's been a while But Dylan's was like $4, but then to pick it up it was free. So I was like well sometimes if I could, there was like one of the street so I could lift real quick and they you know take me I pick it up and get back home and it will be cheaper than the delivery fee sometimes. But yeah, instagram I think it's like two hours or something
for the delivery thing. Yeah.
I used
to tip
I usually
tip after the delivery because I used to tip like when I paid and then like stuff with like come up matt wrong or if you like and then I be mad because like I want to take some time back. That like you sucked. So now I usually after uh either I'll do it like when I read it or I'll give them cash because I'm like, it's ridiculous because there's sometimes when like one guy said he delivered my food, I never saw him. And like I stayed in the house like right on the corner, I've been ordering food for months now and it's delivered and I'm like, there is no foods, like nobody knocked on the door. Like I've been sitting here waiting, I'm hungry, you're already late. So I never tipped until after.
And they're like, oh, we can give you a credit or we can refer refund it to your, you know, your card. But I'm like, okay, your friend to my card if that was my last. Which you know, I'm saying there's been times then I don't have, you don't have to wait for it to get back on the card which is like 3 to 5 days and then I still don't get it in food, so you're like uh
yeah so sometimes I
just wait till I wait to tip until after I received my delivery, everything turned out ok then never their fault, you know then okay I got you like if the restaurant or the store didn't have something like that's not your fault. There are some people that are pretty curious with your stuff, you're like, hey dude and then you want me to tip you like no way. Plus they already charged you like a service charge were like using our service, so it's like tipping them twice. I know but I'm like falling on the budget right now.
That's terrible. Uh
That's uh Yeah,
you're like, I don't even want this pizza that like, somebody else you
need
it. Yeah.
Like he took
along with all the pepperoni is ready.
That's
what I
that's terrible. Did you call them and tell them I would have called
and told them I would have
been like, I'm
gonna need
another pizza because yeah,
I'd have been like, I need a whole another pizza, somebody in the restaurant pizza,
or
Yeah.
Yeah. Oh,
get this. Yeah, Well,
let's
see
something
you don't uh Hold on, I went to the wrong. There we go. I
used
to like,
I
sometimes
you have to especially when it comes to like, you know, stuff that you're paying for, like, you should get what you're paying for it because if you don't pay people the full amount they will come or they want, you know, you won't get it. So it's only fair that you get exactly what you paid for plus you never know.
I mean that's the minimum requirement that you have like a whole pizza. Let me get your pizza. Like that's basic require it. Like I had I couldn't pay, y'all you said it was 10 99 I couldn't pay you 9 99 to be like I'm missing a dollar and you'll be like okay it's fine. They'll be like no you don't get the whole pizza. So yeah, sometimes you just got
You're like I'm being
in here for an hour and a half, but if I'm 15 minutes late you can tell me and charged me like I should be able to see the doctor, like he should have to pay me for me coming to see him because he was like an athlete but it doesn't work but. Oh good, good. Well I'm gonna go smoke a cigarette. I think we um let
me look on the think it says 29 37 38. I think we loved on like three actors were
Actually.
Actually
you were pretty good and I learned some things about Bakersfield. So it was nice to meet you. Oh,
I never got your name
after.
I'm
jovana
Uh
It's good to meet you. You have a good all
You tell.