Oh. Oh dear. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. It's just yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Come on love your person. What I think dressing right? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Or
Yeah.
How you doing?
Yeah me too. It's hot out here my chest to staying here. My kind
of messy.
now. Yeah I wanted to stay out here. Yeah
my room is kind of messy
so
I'm
out here it's a little hot but there's some shade and
stuff
so that's okay.
at home I'm in a Bakersfield California.
Well it's like 100° today I think 102 it's going
to be
so
maybe not as hot as Texas. I don't know.
close. It's a lot harder than L. A. Up here.
It's
it's a harder place. I'm not I'm not exactly sure why it's something to do with the climate in between the mountains. You know
it's
kind of more of the uh jews kind of water problems I guess. I guess. I think that I think they're okay now. I think it's mostly uh where do we get our water from? I'm not even sure. I think Lake Isabella and then that flows into the current river and then that becomes that goes into L. A. After that.
see Arkansas
and they were
having,
there's a place called, oh yeah, Lancaster is uh my friend Joey takes the bus down there all the time. Yeah, I know where Lancaster is, I think I don't really drive, but you know, I kind of I kind of we would take the regional transit down there. So it's kind of, it's like right across the the, you know, county border to L. A. So yeah, I kind of, I kind of know where that is.
Yeah, that's true
because that's like out that's like out and what they call the high desert. Yeah, that's like not that far from mojave. Was the city more obvious. That's like right out there. That's that's that's probably worse. That's probably worse than it is here in Bakersfield. This is, you know, the valley, technically, this is like
a little bit better.
Right. Right. No grass
or anything. Yeah. Mhm.
I guess so.
that's well I I think I've lived here just about my entire life. I mean I I've visited, you know my sister in Georgia have flown to new york, I
stayed with her for a little while in uh in reno. But that's like but that's it, I'm mostly from here in Bakersfield. Uh Never I guess I never had the ability to uh
you know, make it out of this point. This is kind of
like a trap I guess.
I don't know.
Well there's worse places in California, but this is kind of a Yeah,
I mean I don't I don't want to belittle our city I guess. But it is, you know, definitely got some
negative aspects to it.
gosh. Well now obviously not much
of
anything
because
you know
for Corona just like just like ride the buses around and I don't know uh you know there's not a lot to do for entertainment out here. There's some
concerts and things from time to time at the different places but and there's not a lot of entertainment venues. No, it's um
chris
go
to the movies. You
know
what
There are things like that in the towns that are, you know, kind of the town's out and the further out in the county. I don't really remember there being any kind of festival kind
of thing
out here in Bakersfield though. I don't know. Uh
Somebody has lived here so long. I don't I don't know that much about my own city.
Isn't
that
crazy?
I
don't know what to
tell you.
Right. Tourist stuff. I get what you're saying.
I definitely heard about.
I mean whenever. Yeah.
Yeah I mean. Yeah. Yeah that that kind of sounds like you know that's people here. They will go out to the coast, go out to the beach, go out to L. A.
You know nobody who wants to spend a fun weekend really stays here in Bakersfield. This is all just agriculture and stuff like a little a few miles away that is just fields and stuff. You know if you want culture you've gotta go, you've got to
go west to the to the beach towns and or go to L. A.
Or
you
know
something
like that About 100 miles I think.
discover the mountains. Yeah about about two hours I think my car 2.5 hours depending on how fast you drive. Of course.
Mhm. Yeah I've written a greyhound bus and forever myself a
cheap way to get around isn't
it? I love that. It's
been a while. Yeah I think I've taken one once or twice fella. Yeah.
Yeah that's the thing that
yeah. Yeah that's the thing that really bothers me about here is there's not like a lot of it's not
structured the way you know like more progressive city like san Francisco would be you know it was you know bike lanes and and easy access you know making the traffic easy, different. It's not it's not a very well put together city and it's got some nice architecture but that's it.
No.
Yeah I used to run until like 11:00 our local transit get used to run to like 11:00. They cut down the hours now. Um
You know it's
not I'm not sure I'm sure there's the train. I'm sorry it's
like a train that's right near here.
See we're work out of tours. I know I know
we're
kind of course that I gotta we gotta look next to
the railroad track.
Pretty crazy. Huh? Pretty
crazy.
I hope that stuff this usually it's just a little while Okay.
I know I know uh
It's you just you should try living here in the middle of the night that will come through and you know like that's
three or four times mm you get used to it though, you're able to sleep through it but
that's pretty crazy.
I got to make to you know I I'm lucky to live with my roommates though a lot better place than I used to live at.
That was
it was a crazy place. Yeah my friends yeah Joey uh yeah Joey is my friend and his uh his former girlfriends brother is mike who also lives here and uh yeah I mean I wish I had a nicer place but it's nice to be with people that actually uh you know are nice people, it's a lot more than I can say for a lot
of roommates.
Yeah. Although you know I don't think the walls, I don't think the walls here are insulated like they're supposed to be, it gets kinda the air conditioning like dissipates quickly, which, you know, it's hot like in texas. So that's kind of a kind of makes things difficult other than that, it's good.
Right. It does.
that's absolutely the worst. Yeah,
wow. So uh is there um is there a lot of oil in in the area where you're at? In texas?
What?
it's most play. Yeah, that's mostly what this is what this is uh Bakersfield is like is oil and agriculture and kind of a very blue collar kind of town and uh,
Well, militants.
Oh, that's the hatchet. E that's
Tehachapi
Fantastic. And they had the first windmill things. Yeah, because it's not that the funeral reason stuff.
And
Well
that sounds like a lot of fun though. It seems to be that the local college used to have a jazz passed every year I think. I mean obviously they had to put it off this year, but I remember going to that a few times. That's pretty, that's pretty nice.
Bring it on, bring on the roasted meat. Yeah, we have a lot of food trucks here that are like, you know, kind of mexican style uh specialties and stuff because there's a large immigrant community and so um that's kind of nice every once in a while, there's kind of interesting street fair there, but
however
Palestinian turkey legs, everyone and well, I don't recall seeing turkey legs anywhere, but you know, we got our own interesting kind of food to express here.
Well, yeah,
no, you can't even stop,
you can't even stop at a restaurant because like if you're traveling, you know, the some of them not even the drive thru is open so you don't know you don't know what's going to be open and what isn't no it's time
pretty crazy
the
top of it right
now.
Mhm. Well here they tried they were strict for a while and they shut down a bunch of restaurants and they kind of open things back up and now there's some that are open for lunch but not dinner and you know no more than I guess people are seated two ft apart, you know? So I think it's the same thing everywhere happening right now
because
that
made
but.
They opened up the movie theaters for like a week or two and then they shut them right back down again.
Yeah he told me the studios bought out like an M. C. I think it is uh a couple of the um chains you know the movie theater chains too because they're doing so poorly. I don't have enough money to make it. So I think like and he got bought out and maybe another one got bought out. I don't know.
That's
Can't they can't.
All
Right. They still have it still other stuff and that's like there's still other stuff on netflix I haven't watched but you know it's getting it's too bad there aren't new shows out
now
94.
It was such a crazy show. We're not it's not Crazy Tiger King like such a crazy show
that all
the
stuff
they're
good and
I only watch, yeah. Yeah I only watched a few episodes of that but it was
it was pretty crazy. There's like the one guy with his polygamous family both of tiger tamers or whatever. I don't know. It was very
strange. It was very strange.
No.
Yeah. I don't know. Yeah.
I don't think it's going away anytime soon because I guess the nation didn't shut down for long enough. I would have had
it under control if everyone has kind of taken it more seriously I guess.
Yeah.
That makes a lot of sense.
I heard that like amazon is trialing out
free
grocery
delivery and in the United Kingdom, but like we don't even have uh we don't even have the regular
amazon
grocery delivery here because we don't have we don't have what does that store called that they do that from the
whole foods. Yeah. We don't have a little foods out here. Yes, we don't have the really the grocery delivery.
Good
side search like pick up medicine. Yeah.
we were lucky because we um mike uh mom this is still around in this city at least for a while, so she retired. So she was takes this usually does go grocery shopping for us, so we don't want her to like Sam's club with hospital or wherever, we haven't had to rely on delivery.
Well it curbside get I I know walmart this grocery delivery
here.
I think,
I think it's the tip that really makes it more expensive, you know like $10 for delivery is okay,
but
you know
he wants
That's pretty terrible.
Yeah, it's terrible,
cerebral.
I think, I think there's about a couple of times is yeah, it's been like a couple of times when we got pizza deliveries were just like it was like a slice of pizza missing from pizza delivery, you know, isn't it? Yes.
It's pretty bad. Huh.
huh.
I love
that.
We don't even yeah, I know it's like somebody took a pick a slice out of it. Yeah.
I
didn't
know Tony
we opened up.
No,
because
I didn't
I didn't know
Yeah.
and I don't know what's
wrong with giving anything. Uh huh. Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
I don't speak
up
for
myself in these situations as regulations.
no no life when
I should
I should speak
up for myself but I don't and when I handle
other people Mhm.
It's only fair that they have to do.
like doctor's offices, you know, I'm sorry, I'm sorry to interrupt you guys are saying it's like doctor's offices when you know you try to, if you have to come in 20 minutes late, you know like oh you don't get to, you don't get the appointment a doctor. It's like they're they're they're like three hours late, you know like back to you to just be there at the time. They want
well,
We do our 25 minutes.
you do that of thanks for talking to me. It was nice to talk to. You know, I'm not the most interesting conversation partner.
But it was still good to meet someone
else.
All
It's good to meet you too
enjoy. Oh, my name
is Jason,
Jason, Joanna. Oh,
gela. To good to meet you, gelato.
Take care
Youtube.