Hello? Yeah. Mhm.
Hello, can you hear me?
Mhm,
you can, can you hear me?
Good, How are you?
Great.
Yeah, my name is Matthew,
to meet you.
Have you been doing prolific for a while?
That's awesome.
Yeah, probably similar. I'm
never
I'm never
gonna, I'm sorry, what?
Okay. Um yeah, I probably, I probably been doing it for about a year. This is my first video chat through. They're a task. Hey,
where do you live?
Okay. Yeah, I'm in Kansas city
uh my whole life, I'm actually on the Missouri side, so most people think he's in Kansas, but um so yeah, it's My whole life and I'm 37.
yeah, it's snowing and cold today, so it's but
january
little
is it? Mm. Yeah.
So what what what what
are your interests? Yeah,
people,
I'm into sports, so I used to play sports now. I watch sports. Um
um Well I was a runner in high school, so I ran mile and two miles um track across the country and um but yeah now I've got a couple of small Children so really probably just playing with them is spend a lot of my time I do enjoy reading as well. What uh what would you like to read?
No donna
We recommend that one. Okay.
more the realistic side probably like Michael Connelly, you know who he is? It's a job.
Yeah. Yeah his most famous was probably the Lincoln lawyer.
Um So him john Grisham kind of
you know I do like mystery and but mm
yeah I probably
read
more contemporary, probably more contemporary but
I've heard of it but I don't think I've read that one.
How
are you?
I did I have a degree in elementary education. Ah
So I talked for 10 years and I'm I'm now an assistant principal at a school in elementary school. So what about you?
As I say we're field.
That's
interesting.
That's interesting. How did you just something I've always been interested in or?
Yeah. So is that your like you don't have any pets so you just have plans?
That
There
are, yeah.
Mhm. Oh yeah, so you're
Mhm.
What happened?
Yeah, so I'm interested about your effort. Tell me there the significance behind that
you're sure.
Do not
know.
honey.
you
in
like do you are you into horror movies as a genre you're interested in?
Yeah. Say probably a lot more bad ones than good ones.
No
it was a house on but uh
maybe they say I just tried a recent a recent novel that was kind of a horror story, but I'm drawing a blank on, I'm drawing a blank on what the title was, but yeah, that's probably not my typical genre that I'm okay, mm.
Yeah, I probably haven't like studied that or you know, I don't know, it's not about that.
no.
Is that is that another genre that you're really into?
Yeah, so it seems like you're you're very well read, you read a lot of different, you read a lot,
I'm played, I played the trumpet in high school or probably like junior high.
Yeah, yeah, I took piano, I took piano lessons and I was pretty young, probably elementary school. I'm
not very musical so you know, not, not something I was probably very good at for either.
So do you play what type of guitar to play?
Yeah. Just play by yourself for you in a band or?
So you, but you said five or 6 years you've been playing guitar?
Yeah. I was like, when I was back, when I was a teacher, I taught fifth grade, I always thought I'd be cool to like be able to play guitar and take my guitar to school and like
just
played down kids and yeah, But I'm just like I said, I'm not musical
so
they
are
the
Well there you go.
Let's do that one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I think there's definitely a lot of money and lessons for
if you get at it. Yeah. So
that is that why you do prolific just for a little extra cash or do you?
Are you in the craft beers or? Okay,
Jan
And you said you're in Nashville pretty
good
bars and pretty good bar.
Yeah. That's
funny.
Thanks buddy.
Are you
pretty close downtown then?
No. Did they give you one?
Well, I was looking because I like I said, I've never done that video chat on this. Have you ever done a video chat for Parliament?
Yeah, I think I've done a picture of it. Um So I was looking back and just because it said, you know, I didn't even know what it would be, it just said we'll talk with somebody for 25 minutes and then um
and so I looked I looked at through the email and I just the email I just got and it doesn't say anything about it just said mhm. Talk about what I am
so
I was just saying to my mental that's
a long time.
I'm probably I'm probably more of a introvert so.
So
Uh you know I don't drink a ton of coffee. Um We we definitely have some good coffee here in Kansas City but the restaurant downtown and just a few other pretty good spots. But I don't drink a ton of coffee. Mm. Do you drink a lot of coffee?
No,
Yeah.
Uh Used to before we had kids we went quite a few places but um
not not really my in laws live in Iowa so we been up there but I've, you know I've got I've got family on each coast, I've got family in boston, I've got family in California. Uh So I like to get a call right, a lot kind
of impressed,
you know? Uh Just like it.
No.
Mhm. Yeah. Now we, I just grew up going to colorado a lot. I like being outside
so I don't ski, I've never been
skiing before.
I want to,
yeah I'd like to learn how to snowboard for sure
and
yeah. Yeah so we've been to north Carolina, the ocean there a couple times florida a couple of times. So but yeah, like I said since we've had kids, we don't we don't travel much internal much.
we have no therapy and I've been, Obama's mamas are nice.
You?
Yeah that's a lot of a lot of different places but a lot of cool experiences live in different
places.
Yeah. I've always heard good things that have never been, never been out there,
Work
Then where
are you gone?
congressman.
Mhm.
I gave you a pretty great place to live. A
couple of friends.
and
it was kind of just right along the mountain range's. Uh huh.
Hi.
So
I was gonna say I've got 22 minutes of my time or was it 2020
north? 25
but
So I think 25 so maybe three more minutes. So doing anything this weekend?
Well didn't
your experience
in here? Yeah. Did that last weekend? In the
room?
Great.
So so what is it warming?
You
have a raining now So it's not that
cold?
Well, that's very nice Compared to
As I said,
18° and snowing here. So 67.
Great
trump.
Someone.
Mm. No, I'm not, I'm not super musical. So
not, not really. Don't listen to that much.
Primary
support sports, talk radio more than anything. So what do you what do you listen to?
No.
Do you listen to podcasts?
Okay, honest
on the coping podcast. Yeah, I enjoy a good podcast.
He's very
All
You know the movie about john Cash?
Wasn't there maybe a few years back about johnny Cash? Did you like that?
All right. Well, I've got 25 minutes. So I think we probably met the thing
someone
there was
So
they
heard that they were gonna yeah, they said they were gonna send after after the Chat. Just had a chat for 25 minutes and then they
were gonna
send
like a mongrel. Okay then we're good. I said we're um they would seem like a problem.
you as well
Youtube but.