SPEAKER_R: Hello? You hear me? Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Doing.
SPEAKER_L: nick. I'm good. What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: And uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I can
SPEAKER_L: What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: Caroline
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you Caroline. I'm nick.
SPEAKER_R: in a, what's up?
SPEAKER_L: All right. Not much. A little bit tired.
SPEAKER_R: Me
SPEAKER_L: Early
SPEAKER_R: too?
SPEAKER_L: morning
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: AM and eight am on a Saturday, but that's all right.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that's nine here, but still was about five family. Very given family, you know, anything else, cleaning house kind of work, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess so. Well 25 minutes right, so and I don't know where are you from? I mean if you're comfortable talking about, I don't want to
SPEAKER_R: that's fine. I'm from Ohio, where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Minnesota. I'm a college student in Iowa right now though.
SPEAKER_R: well. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Uh Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. three. That's
SPEAKER_L: Three?
SPEAKER_R: you. Yeah. I bet you
SPEAKER_L: I've got one dog. I miss I mean my my college I haven't seen him for a few months, but Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: like you can't go home to his apartment. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Technically we're allowed to, but it probably wouldn't be the best idea.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't gotten it. I know a lot of people who have gotten Covid my roommate tested positive in a couple of months ago, but I I still haven't gotten it, but it's probably not a good idea.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I sympathize with you. I take care of my dad and I pretty much and cooped up in here with him. I can't because he's really bad off and I'm afraid to bring her back home to him. So I've been working remotely before the covid, but it's nice
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: to be able to work remotely and and I've been having a lot of things shipped and I normally go by don't. Yeah, even people around me, they think they've had it before. It was known because others police officer lives next door and he interacts with the people when they had the riots and stuff in columbus he had to go on duty and he thanks him and his wife had a um brother baby didn't get it but he said he had
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: some sort of weird cold went away in january or february and so I think he had it and he said it was mild he hadn't got rid of it but I guess it just depends on how it hits you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've heard so many stories of people who are like december january. So many people had just some weird cough like I cough illness before before Kobe got big around here. Like my sister, she had the same thing for like a month or something. But
SPEAKER_R: Did
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: she get
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: tested?
SPEAKER_L: of crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Thinks she's got the antibodies and stuff
SPEAKER_L: She she hasn't, I think she wants to, she doesn't know quite what to do that I'm but when when when you test positive like don't like I've heard is there some sort of immunity after you test positive for for some number
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: months?
SPEAKER_R: know for sure. One study said you've got long term immunity and the other one said it was gone within six months so I think it might end up being like a yearly shot for the flu. Quite frankly that's my opinion. But they don't really know for sure. And um, I follow the stories, I just like the news and they're having,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: They have them with the meat industry in Denmark and all that
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: up there and they're systematically coming up and now they're going to kill like 14 million meets
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: or something because they sit across from links to humans. So they've been doing the past month, like Finland and stuff. They've gotta make industry over there, which they have, I guess, genuine coats and stuff from the meat for and they have been killing them. So, um, sounds sounds like the kind of swine flu, like they had in china where they had to kill off everything and the pigs and stuff when they had that. Um, I think that's what it's going to end up being. Um, they've had cases where it was in pets, they said the humans give it to the pets of it was where they had the lions at the zoo and stuff like that. I don't think they really know what they were doing with the app. Um but I think it's going to end up being like a year with flu shot, but I really don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's well, I mean, I don't think anything can can get back to any sort of normal until we have a concrete
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: vaccine
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: or anything.
SPEAKER_R: One of my pastor friends, um, he got it twice and I'm like, no, it's not. But they have now months later. Um, he, he had a documented, but you know, it was in the news, they haven't actually documented the medical community that this man got it twice, so many months apart, but it was a mutation. So I'm wondering if you know what's going to happen with that? Because I was like, I was hearing stories of people getting it twice and you're like, nah, it's just fake news. But he really got it twice and I got tested twice at the hospital so I'm like okay I believe you know? So but then it come out and that and I'm like well there really must be something to this but they don't really know, I don't think everything that's going on with that, what do you think?
SPEAKER_L: I really don't know about that. I don't know like the the only person in like that I'm super close to that's got it is my sister. If she worked like back in january december, like if that was covid and if she had it then she has got it twice because she tested positive about
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: month
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: ago. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: she goes to college in Wisconsin but she got out of college had to quarantine for two weeks and one that I mean it was just a mild thing for her just kind of like a cold or the flu. But I mean I I've I think it's possible for people to get it twice from what I've heard. I just think it has to be somewhat far apart and when you get it, so I don't know, it's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: I was wondering about that because they had where they thought where they tested too quickly that they didn't get rid of it fully and it was like some couple of stuff in south Korea and china when they did that um you know things are going, I think it's going to mutate anywhere like a flu virus or cold. So mm
SPEAKER_L: it just seems like everyone's just kind of learning as they go with this. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um we're about due for another one anyway because you hear them talk about the 1918 epidemic with the Spanish flu and it's been 100 years ago I think we've been blessed. Let's say anything like that. And you hear about these things sometimes it's like Okay it's overseas and you don't really think about it until it hits home. You have to do something about it. You know? And then the scientists were like on the government you have to do something, you have to do something because you know you hear blurbs about it but you know now they've actually got to do something and all it's over in china and they got the bird flu, they got swine flu, they got H one N. One or whatever, you know,
SPEAKER_L: I remember
SPEAKER_R: everybody's
SPEAKER_L: when,
SPEAKER_R: got to thank you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I remember
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: like this this all started when the first case was was contracted in Wuhan. Like I saw it on twitter, I'm like oh that's that's interesting. But then I just kind of brushed it off because it was kind of kind of the same with Ebola when that happened a couple years ago. Like everybody thought it was gonna be a big thing. We only ever got a couple of cases in the U. S. It was shut down very quickly. Was mostly in africa, it was just kind of one of those things, you just see it online, you're like oh wow that's happening and then you just kind of move on with your day, but yeah, you know this is real, this is, this is crazy.
SPEAKER_R: You think well they'll keep it from coming over here because that's what across every sign
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you think so until it's here and then it's like, wow, yikes. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: who
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: brought
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it in ah
SPEAKER_L: you gotta imagine how how that was, I mean,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: enough.
SPEAKER_L: it worked, you will uh where you going to say something?
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I mean because I mean we're lucky, I mean I guess Ebola was like that was way more of a deadly virus, everything and this was like this with how contagious it is. I think we're lucky, it's not more deadly than it is. I mean obviously there's still hundreds of thousands of deaths, but yeah, it's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's funny the things they've been coming up with about people losing their taste for permanent maybe, and different things and and it'll hit the kids sometimes and they'll inflame and then they've had a couple of college kids have died from it, they had won nothing down and Athens, Ohio had someone in, Ohio was 18 a freshman and he got it and was like gone, but he had nothing wrong with them, so it but then a lot of other people will be perfectly fine. It's just funny how it does that. No,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, I mean it makes you wonder like there's not, I don't think there's enough enough studies or anything done on it that we can determine why that is, but I think the big thing about it is what what we don't know is just long term implications of having the virus if there are any because obviously we don't have any long term studies or any long term data about any health
SPEAKER_R: then I'll read off,
SPEAKER_L: health,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: anything. I mean, I think that's kind of what scares a lot of people do. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true, but you're gonna end up having if you get it and then it does something to your body and you don't, they don't know. Yeah, I'm afraid not really afraid for me too much, even though um I got asthma and they say that's a high risk, but I'm just worried about my dad because he's got
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: a lot of heart and kidney disease and um it has been several times in the past couple years, he's almost went to hospital and died for stuff. So I just don't want to give it to him because he's already having too much trouble anyway. He's gone in in ST any failure now and he's gone anemic, so he has trouble breathing anyway on a good day. He can't hardly Um he can't get off that oxygen machine, any marine and his 21st 7, so I don't want him, you know, that's why I'm so like, besides the fact that I think I would have trouble with it anyway for him, I don't want to give it to him because it would just on top of everything else and just be horrible for him. So I just don't want to see them get it. So,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, I think that's that's the thing for most people. I mean I think I would be okay. I do have some health issues but I think I think I would be okay. But my dad has a lot of heart problems and my mom, my sister
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and I we all worked in a nursing, like in high school, I worked in a nursing home for two years. So like during pandemic, I mean I'm technically an essential workers. I was still working through the pandemic in a nursing home and I know if I get it and if
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I give it any any people there that's that's that's really really not good. So yeah, I was being issued careful about that.
SPEAKER_R: I understand because I was working for Medicaid before I had to quit right before the covid and um, um, I wanted to go back, but it didn't work out. I was trying to work remotely now that everybody would, but I spent a long time in the health insurance. You also understand, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: I would and then, you know, implications and when my dad was sick for a long time now and my mom was sick before she died a long time, I took care of her. So I understand where the, you know, just, she would get just kenya infection and she would not know what's going on because she got so sick. It would after that bad, she would be what they call lucid or something. I can't remember the word for it, but she would just like be hallucinating and she would just have a kidney infection. I remember that she didn't want to go to the hospital and I waited an extra day. Um but she was talking out of her head uh if you get any little things sometimes and it's just your body handle. Let's understand what the covid thing that people have no immunity, how their body just well, you can't handle it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean and I'm seeing I mean obviously the election is in the news mostly. But I've been saying I mean our Case numbers each day are just going higher and higher. I mean there's like 120,000 new cases yesterday or some things.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: people are so fixated on the covid are so fixated on the election. Them, they are just so stressed out and I'm just like grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change. I'm just like, you know, whatever you always want to be,
SPEAKER_L: It's it's
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: some things
SPEAKER_R: gonna have
SPEAKER_L: are just
SPEAKER_R: to wait
SPEAKER_L: best
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: to worry so much about. I mean all of this at once.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: don't.
SPEAKER_R: they were boarding up downtown because they were afraid people are going to get out there and find another to use riot.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean I'm I'm from Minnesota, like I'm from the twin cities suburbs. I remember that the whole George Floyd thing, there wasn't any riots super close to me, but I had friends who worked at targets and stuff that we're getting looted and it was crazy. Crazy, crazy.
SPEAKER_R: I have people that live down in the bottoms which is the bad part of town. Down near the town town where it happened and they were afraid we want to come in their way and uh my grandmother used to have a house on campus which now is the campus area. It wasn't back then but they got to have a five house and extorted for house which used to live, it made it out that way. They were they were marching the riots were mostly downtown. They were smashing a brand new businesses and even people call uh call and get you call them. Um you know they were smashing their businesses and you saw that kind of stuff on tv and you know I was there for I had this woman I remember I was there for the civil rights you you know he was outside of his grocery store something. They were burning and he said I you know in my whole life I you know my person caller, you're hurting me and I was there for the civil rights and things like that and why are you doing this to me? You're destroying my livelihood. You know they the people that do the writing, they don't care, they're just there for the correct chaos and to get the stuff
SPEAKER_L: premium.
SPEAKER_R: and you know have great evil, you know what's the word for it? So they're just there to take advantage of the situation and um I think they were afraid they were protesting downtown at the courthouse about the Count every vote. But it didn't go bad that they were afraid that it was because of all the recent unrest. It even made it up our way. So um they were I live in the boonies, I live out in the rural town and we're like 5000 people a fat and grocery stores in 15 minutes away but 10 minutes over in our little town um you know you know it's big enough to have a couple of stores. They were right at the sign but high school kids took some time off and you know bless their heart but they took some time off of school and they had some signs up for the from the time the George Floyd they were protesting. So it even come out our way a little bit. But uh we were you know you're thinking okay so the you know in Minneapolis or the other places they
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: had it like Portland you know you expect maybe um in
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Seattle or something, some sort of places like that you expect that erupt and maybe you know in columbus but you don't really think well it's going to come out our way, you know? But it did and I was surprised at how, how much it happened um in in columbus and for how long I was surprised at the uh intensity of the riots. It was nothing like let's smash windows and they had to board up everything and they took some some people's office chairs and you know, things from downtown, you know, that really hurt the people that have things stored down there and computers or artwork or something that they were selling. But it really they didn't burn down blow things up like they did in a couple of other cities. But it surprised me and how intense it got it. It was a peaceful at all. They were throwing bottles and trying to attack the police and stuff even in downtown columbus and they were blocking traffic and they didn't break the freeways, like they did in other states. But it surprised me how bad it was getting in other states about, you know, people just kind of rage. I think a lot of it though, and I respect black lives matter, um,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: people, but I think a lot of it was just pent up rage from not having jobs being locked up from covid and this cooped up on board. These people probably, I would say that probably would have been in jobs or at school or something. So I think they were just, it was just boiling over and they just vented and they kind of use that as an excuse to. And I think that's why it was so intense. They believed in what they believe them. But I think a lot of them they were, you know, just in the back of their mind and all that other stuff and the government's down on us and the government, you know, there's maybe some kind of people didn't want to be locked down because they didn't believe that they should do that for the fellow man that their civil liberties were being taken away. You know, my life would be taken away and the stimulus checks are late. I don't know. What do you think about that?
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I, I think that that definitely makes a lot of sense because I mean obviously the whole George Floyd thing that kind of sparked sparked this whole,
SPEAKER_R: He and
SPEAKER_L: I mean all the movements recently about it, but like I can respect the point that they're there protesting behind. I just don't think that's the right way to do it. I mean, especially in Minneapolis, like I haven't been to the city since since the riots happened, but I've seen pictures and it's just just entire buildings just lit up in flames. Just everything just burned down, broke into like, people have been like people's businesses typically that's their livelihood. That's what they have, that's what they have to provide for themselves. And I just, I don't, I don't see that doing anything. I mean, if you're trying to protest the government or the police, I don't, I don't understand what burning down people's businesses has to do with that. It's just ridiculous to me. I don't
SPEAKER_R: It don't, some people believe in violent civil unrest or whatever they can do, You know what they call it? But I don't, you know, I'm even with like to suffer jets, they were like chaining themselves to the bed and not eating and they weren't really doing that level. They were doing it mostly to themselves, that level of civil unrest. They'd go and get arrested or something, you know, that was totally different and you know, you may or may not agree with that. I think a little bit of that is okay. Um If you're trying to prove a point, but that's you know, blowing up things now, but I never thought of Minnesota's like that kind of thing. I think, you know, you guys were sort of on the same latitude as as I just thinking it's like another columbus uh
SPEAKER_L: I mean.
SPEAKER_R: back rural sort of city kind of urban kind of thing. But you know, we're kind of easy going people. I don't I wouldn't expect anything like that.
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: Honestly, I wouldn't either. Like I I've never seen anything like Minnesota Nice was kind of the whole thing like, oh, we're, you know, people were there. I mean descendants from nordic immigrants were all, you know, hospitality and all that. We're just, we're just nice midwest people. But then
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: that's, I mean in the city is a it's crazy. I mean there's there's still a lot of people in rural towns and stuff. I mean Minnesota nice is a thing but in the city is it's not quite the same. Oh
SPEAKER_R: No, it's not. I lived in the city for a while before I had to move back out here. I lost my condo and a recession, but my mom got cancer anyway, so it all worked out and you and I, you know, I had to come back here and take care of her anyway. Um I like my house, go back to the bank. Um The neighbors, you know, we'll talk to you but they're not really like out here where the opening over backwards to help you and they, you know, um that kind of thing, you know that you were just sort of, you had neighbors that they were just strangers. You were just living in a you know, um apartment of strangers. But out here I know my my neighbors and while down better than avenue my neighbor who was like 10 ft next door and I could hear what they were doing through the wolf. I can smell at a fish dinner, which I did. You know they like fish and then somebody smoke and then you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: mean yeah there's something we said about growing up in small towns like that just kind of the community like I mean I know my dad's family, he's from rural Minnesota, he grew up on a farm, Very very small town like less than 1000 people. He knows every single family in that town, every single cousin of every single family. They all they all know each other, something that someone has, something happened, they'll you know they'll bring food over, they just mean everything like that. I think that's a that's a good appeal of a small town like uh
SPEAKER_R: And as I've had two sides of the coin. I grew up in Columbus and then we moved out here when I was a teenager. Then I went back because I was attracted to being close to work and everything working downtown is like 45 minutes from here. So in each way so I, you know, and then I'll come back out here. But my neighbor lives next door. She's in her 80s. She was born in that house over there. They have no well pump well pump out front where you do it by hand. But she had her kids over there. She was born over there, still dying over there. She has cancer comes and goes every once in a while. Skin cancer and she's in remission right now. But they just took part of the colon not to mom. And though, so I don't know how much longer she's got. But she knows everybody out through here and their business and their kids business, their kids kids business. And you know, she told me who built my house when it was built, Why she didn't like the way they built it? Because you're not, she's she's a wonderful lady. She's not nit picky. But um when it was built passed a bill that she hated that they build it so close. Why didn't they build a little bit more that because there's two acres between me and that guy was there. You know, and you know, I can hear what they're doing. You know, the side of the house. I know what when the grandkids are over there, you can hear that something, what it was going to do, what it wants right here. But you know, um she was uh you know, they should have flipped the design and all this other stuff. But you know, she's wonderful. But if you want to know anything about the history about here that nobody else knows now that people are dying off, she knows everything. Yeah. The restrictions out here. And she hated the way they were stripped of the land that you couldn't have chickens and all this other stuff that we have an acre. You know, they had a horse farm on here, They got horse from across the street. But these four houses up and down through here, you're not allowed to have 11 pet, but nobody even forces at, you know, we don't even have a we've got like county commissioner if we don't even have a very seriously were they were like, you know, we're the little dot on the map. They took out the grocery store about the time you were moving in because nobody wanted in the paper delivery the after that because nobody was buying a just so
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: he hates
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: the restrictions
SPEAKER_L: correct,
SPEAKER_R: down through here. She said the guy who made it was a whole, I won't say the right word. Uh you know um you could do that because when we bought my parents bought this house, they had had a horse out that so nobody cares. But you know just if you do certain things if you burn your trash or something, but we don't some people do it through down through here, you've got to be you know watch it and watch what you burn. People won't complain that we don't have we don't even have a noise ordinance because it was I can't remember or dog ordinance because we had well back persons dogs running around and I didn't want to really want to say anything, but I got tired of it and I kept getting out of the road and like after until the time I called the sheriff and they said they have no dog ordinance out here for me to to do anything about. So I'm like, okay if their dog gets run over, that's their, you know, their decision. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm, mm.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh We got a bit of time left. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: I'm not super political but what do you what do you think about the just the election and how this is turning out for?
SPEAKER_R: and kind of unexpected, I think expected a little bit the same way. I like that they're taking your time with it. Um I was one way for a while and I voted one way, but after a while I'm like, um um moderate conservative, but I work for a telecommunications company who sent out political calls for progressive. So I'm not really, you know, I've flipped from Democratic to Republican back now. I think I'm independent. So, you know, I'm not trying to be all over the board, but I can see both sides of the value of certain things. And I've got my own, um, I'm a christian, so I've got, you know, my own things that I think of, but I tried to be a little bit open minded about things, but I'm just tired of trump's mouth and what he's crafts and he changes his mind and things. And when I initially voted for him, I was, you know, okay about him anyway, but if I don't want to get in, that's fine. You know, I didn't really want to either want them, but there was an L. And I wasn't a good third choice. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I I didn't vote just because,
SPEAKER_R: Hm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's kind of, I mean I'm out of state college student getting registered to vote isn't super. I mean it's not super complicated but I've been busy with school and stuff but I don't lean hard either way specifically. I mean I'm also a christian, so like I have my personal beliefs about that. I'm yeah,
SPEAKER_R: well the music stop.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just kind of appalled that. I mean, I thought the Democratic Party could do better than joe biden. Like with their primaries,
SPEAKER_R: I did too.
SPEAKER_L: they had so many candidates. So many diverse candidates and they
SPEAKER_R: vote
SPEAKER_L: get the oldest
SPEAKER_R: in the primary.
SPEAKER_L: white guy up there. No,
SPEAKER_R: You did
SPEAKER_L: I didn't
SPEAKER_R: well with,
SPEAKER_L: buy. I watched all the primaries and I just, I think both sides could do better with bringing up a candidate. I don't know. I think it's a lot closer like it's it's way, way closer than anyone expected this to be. I mean, considering
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: polls
SPEAKER_R: think they
SPEAKER_L: have.
SPEAKER_R: know who we wanted as a nation. That's the feeling
SPEAKER_L: I mean, it's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: got.
SPEAKER_L: I I don't understand how polls can be this wrong. I mean, back in 2016, I remember that was just huge, huge, crazy wasn't supposed to happen. And now this year, Biden was supposed
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: to win by like seven
SPEAKER_R: of error and
SPEAKER_L: points.
SPEAKER_R: they don't really know and it's whoever agrees to be cold. I used to do the buckeye state poll where we would call them things like global warming. I worked in survey research when I went to school in college of two and that's what I did to get money. And it's just something about how excuse you know, you've got people there green, you know, to be, um, interviewed and it's happens that that's just, you know, they don't know. That's why they have a margin of error.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, it's I don't know how much, I mean, I don't how much faith people hadn't pulling before this, but now, I mean, I mean, I'm singing with Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: I've got a great assault. I've always give it a grain of salt. It's not that I don't believe in it, it's only going to be good so far. But when it comes down to it, there's a lot in play. Like Russia was supposed to have fun stuff this time in Iran was trying and Rescue us. And then people are confused about what's best for the country and you got to the mid 19 thrown in. So when you you're doing pulling it's just what they think of a snapshot at the time. And then people um have probably reversed their vote even after I voted. I thought about well maybe I should have voted the other way. So you know people are just an insurer um as a nation as a whole. I think that's why it's so close. But I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, I've never fully understood why inauguration for the president's in january until now because this is going to drag on forever. I mean, this will never
SPEAKER_R: could have
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: told
SPEAKER_L: rid of
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: this.
SPEAKER_R: is because back in the past they took they needed so long to get the word out and then um but it's also the counting and you've got military things coming in from overseas military ballots, they're allowed to come in in certain states and different. I've heard some it is given to the eighth or something to get in here, I can't remember in certain states. So it's going to be another week before we know president, maybe mid week. I think I told that would be at least friday because of um you know, I just get into stuff and I look stuff up and I I I listened to the experts like CNBC or something and I hear where they have to say. And so I'm like, yeah, that makes sense because everybody's laws are different in certain states can't count to the day of the election and you have to have the the 8000 military ballots coming visit Arizona, I can't remember, but they think that might throw it back the other way on that one state to they have to count every vote minutes so close like this and um some states they automatically have a recount. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think I'm in Georgia, pennsylvania Arizona Nevada. They're also closed. I mean all those I presume will be recounted and that's just another one. Just
SPEAKER_R: I never understood the Electoral College. Even when I looked it up and I don't mean that I don't understand what I mean is I don't assume why they did it that way. I know they were trying to wait it based on the number of people in the state. But I can't see why every state just didn't get one vote. Um well
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you got 50 states I guess that are saying that you have to have 35 to make a president. I don't just give them one representative one vote if they vote for Trump, give the Trump if they vote provided given biden. Why? All these four here and then there's 36 over here.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I I understand your point, but I also understand the point. I mean, the amount of people that live in one like Los Angeles County equates the amount of people that live in like seven other more rural states combined. Which is kind of crazy when you think about it. I mean, I don't know, I definitely, I understand the intent like when, I mean when the constitution was written and just to make sure that power isn't locate because I mean, if the Electoral College wasn't a thing, you presume they would only ever campaign in new york florida, California, just everywhere. Like
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: that's 50% of our countries in those three states. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: That's true. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: Well it's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: 30.
SPEAKER_L: Over 25. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it is. It's been fun. Nice to meet you guys.
SPEAKER_L: Good to
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: meet you, too.
SPEAKER_R: good thing. But your
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: studies, I hope you and your sister and everybody stays healthy.
SPEAKER_L: thank you,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: too, with your dad. Good luck with them.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Thanks.