Oh,
nick. I'm good. What's your name?
Mhm. Can you hear me?
What's your name?
Nice to meet you Caroline. I'm nick.
All right. Not much. A little bit tired.
Early
morning
AM and eight am on a Saturday, but that's all right.
Yeah, I guess so. Well 25 minutes right, so and I don't know where are you from? I mean if you're comfortable talking about, I don't want to
I'm from Minnesota. I'm a college student in Iowa right now though.
Uh Do you have any pets?
Three?
I've got one dog. I miss I mean my my college I haven't seen him for a few months, but Mhm.
Technically we're allowed to, but it probably wouldn't be the best idea.
I haven't gotten it. I know a lot of people who have gotten Covid my roommate tested positive in a couple of months ago, but I I still haven't gotten it, but it's probably not a good idea.
huh.
that's
Yeah. I've heard so many stories of people who are like december january. So many people had just some weird cough like I cough illness before before Kobe got big around here. Like my sister, she had the same thing for like a month or something. But
it's
kind
of crazy.
She she hasn't, I think she wants to, she doesn't know quite what to do that I'm but when when when you test positive like don't like I've heard is there some sort of immunity after you test positive for for some number
of
months?
No.
And
What?
Yeah. That's well, I mean, I don't think anything can can get back to any sort of normal until we have a concrete
vaccine
or anything.
I really don't know about that. I don't know like the the only person in like that I'm super close to that's got it is my sister. If she worked like back in january december, like if that was covid and if she had it then she has got it twice because she tested positive about
month
ago. Yeah,
she goes to college in Wisconsin but she got out of college had to quarantine for two weeks and one that I mean it was just a mild thing for her just kind of like a cold or the flu. But I mean I I've I think it's possible for people to get it twice from what I've heard. I just think it has to be somewhat far apart and when you get it, so I don't know, it's interesting.
it just seems like everyone's just kind of learning as they go with this. I don't know.
I remember
when,
yeah I remember
like this this all started when the first case was was contracted in Wuhan. Like I saw it on twitter, I'm like oh that's that's interesting. But then I just kind of brushed it off because it was kind of kind of the same with Ebola when that happened a couple years ago. Like everybody thought it was gonna be a big thing. We only ever got a couple of cases in the U. S. It was shut down very quickly. Was mostly in africa, it was just kind of one of those things, you just see it online, you're like oh wow that's happening and then you just kind of move on with your day, but yeah, you know this is real, this is, this is crazy.
Yeah, you think so until it's here and then it's like, wow, yikes. Mhm.
What
do
you
you gotta imagine how how that was, I mean,
I mean
it worked, you will uh where you going to say something?
Okay, I mean because I mean we're lucky, I mean I guess Ebola was like that was way more of a deadly virus, everything and this was like this with how contagious it is. I think we're lucky, it's not more deadly than it is. I mean obviously there's still hundreds of thousands of deaths, but yeah, it's crazy.
Yeah, I mean, I mean it makes you wonder like there's not, I don't think there's enough enough studies or anything done on it that we can determine why that is, but I think the big thing about it is what what we don't know is just long term implications of having the virus if there are any because obviously we don't have any long term studies or any long term data about any health
health,
anything. I mean, I think that's kind of what scares a lot of people do. Yeah,
I'm
Yeah, I mean, I think that's that's the thing for most people. I mean I think I would be okay. I do have some health issues but I think I think I would be okay. But my dad has a lot of heart problems and my mom, my sister
and I we all worked in a nursing, like in high school, I worked in a nursing home for two years. So like during pandemic, I mean I'm technically an essential workers. I was still working through the pandemic in a nursing home and I know if I get it and if
I give it any any people there that's that's that's really really not good. So yeah, I was being issued careful about that.
Well.
Yeah. I mean and I'm seeing I mean obviously the election is in the news mostly. But I've been saying I mean our Case numbers each day are just going higher and higher. I mean there's like 120,000 new cases yesterday or some things.
It's
crazy.
It's it's
some things
are just
best
to worry so much about. I mean all of this at once.
I
don't.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I'm I'm from Minnesota, like I'm from the twin cities suburbs. I remember that the whole George Floyd thing, there wasn't any riots super close to me, but I had friends who worked at targets and stuff that we're getting looted and it was crazy. Crazy, crazy.
premium.
Whoa.
Yeah.
And
I mean, I, I think that that definitely makes a lot of sense because I mean obviously the whole George Floyd thing that kind of sparked sparked this whole,
I mean all the movements recently about it, but like I can respect the point that they're there protesting behind. I just don't think that's the right way to do it. I mean, especially in Minneapolis, like I haven't been to the city since since the riots happened, but I've seen pictures and it's just just entire buildings just lit up in flames. Just everything just burned down, broke into like, people have been like people's businesses typically that's their livelihood. That's what they have, that's what they have to provide for themselves. And I just, I don't, I don't see that doing anything. I mean, if you're trying to protest the government or the police, I don't, I don't understand what burning down people's businesses has to do with that. It's just ridiculous to me. I don't
I mean.
I mean,
Honestly, I wouldn't either. Like I I've never seen anything like Minnesota Nice was kind of the whole thing like, oh, we're, you know, people were there. I mean descendants from nordic immigrants were all, you know, hospitality and all that. We're just, we're just nice midwest people. But then
that's, I mean in the city is a it's crazy. I mean there's there's still a lot of people in rural towns and stuff. I mean Minnesota nice is a thing but in the city is it's not quite the same. Oh
I
mean yeah there's something we said about growing up in small towns like that just kind of the community like I mean I know my dad's family, he's from rural Minnesota, he grew up on a farm, Very very small town like less than 1000 people. He knows every single family in that town, every single cousin of every single family. They all they all know each other, something that someone has, something happened, they'll you know they'll bring food over, they just mean everything like that. I think that's a that's a good appeal of a small town like uh
that's
that's
correct,
Yeah.
Mhm, mm.
Uh We got a bit of time left. I
mean
I'm not super political but what do you what do you think about the just the election and how this is turning out for?
I I didn't vote just because,
I mean it's kind of, I mean I'm out of state college student getting registered to vote isn't super. I mean it's not super complicated but I've been busy with school and stuff but I don't lean hard either way specifically. I mean I'm also a christian, so like I have my personal beliefs about that. I'm yeah,
I'm just kind of appalled that. I mean, I thought the Democratic Party could do better than joe biden. Like with their primaries,
they had so many candidates. So many diverse candidates and they
get the oldest
white guy up there. No,
I didn't
buy. I watched all the primaries and I just, I think both sides could do better with bringing up a candidate. I don't know. I think it's a lot closer like it's it's way, way closer than anyone expected this to be. I mean, considering
the
polls
have.
I mean, it's
like,
I I don't understand how polls can be this wrong. I mean, back in 2016, I remember that was just huge, huge, crazy wasn't supposed to happen. And now this year, Biden was supposed
to win by like seven
points.
Yeah. I mean, it's I don't know how much, I mean, I don't how much faith people hadn't pulling before this, but now, I mean, I mean, I'm singing with Georgia.
Yeah. I mean, I've never fully understood why inauguration for the president's in january until now because this is going to drag on forever. I mean, this will never
get
rid of
this.
Yeah. I think I'm in Georgia, pennsylvania Arizona Nevada. They're also closed. I mean all those I presume will be recounted and that's just another one. Just
Mhm.
I mean, I I understand your point, but I also understand the point. I mean, the amount of people that live in one like Los Angeles County equates the amount of people that live in like seven other more rural states combined. Which is kind of crazy when you think about it. I mean, I don't know, I definitely, I understand the intent like when, I mean when the constitution was written and just to make sure that power isn't locate because I mean, if the Electoral College wasn't a thing, you presume they would only ever campaign in new york florida, California, just everywhere. Like
that's 50% of our countries in those three states. I mean,
that's
that's
Over 25. Yeah,
Good to
meet you, too.
It's
thank you,
too, with your dad. Good luck with them.