Hi how are you?
That's good. Just another day in quarantine.
I do as well. I'm usually in the basement but like my I have like the worst chair to sit in. It's like a hot pink like plastic chair from IKEa. I need to buy a chair one day wow.
Yeah I didn't do but my it's really funny my bosses like Ashley, why are you always on the sofa? Because like so I think meetings now to my desk because you made like that weird comment.
Why
don't
you like about it Actually like the first month of like of quarantine at what was in March like I would just stay on my bed but then he was like a cyber head. More. It was so funny.
I live in a suburb of Atlanta in Georgia so
we're going
Unplanned. Mhm.
Well
yeah Georgia actually just turned to like a red state. Yeah isn't good at all. I'm not sure about Cincinnati what color it is. But
Yeah I usually watch like five minutes of the news is too depressing.
Yeah. I normally, I've been trying to like walk outside, but even then I get so dark now outside. I don't know about Cincinnati but like at 6:00 here it's like pitch black already.
So it's kind of hard to go on a walk because I used to go and walk after dinner like, like some 15, you know? But not really anymore.
I'm not saying it's bad to live up there, but I'm super excited to not being so.
yeah, that's not fun. You're raining here nonstop but the mountains and like the leaves and everything and really pretty.
It's weird like it's like I'm 30 minutes away from downtown Atlanta or if I go like an hour up north, like it's like Tennessee. So that's where like you see all the mountains and stuff
so you go a little bit of everything sort of.
Yeah. Yeah. I put to savannah, it's actually really pretty there.
I
know.
Never
did definitely part two years ago because I haven't been. Mhm.
Well instead of touring all the other countries I was going to this year, I joke around, I'm doing Georgia or just hop in a car and drive around to see.
know, stay away from people.
Never
before had been doing went with my friends because I know she's been quarantine what I just said. So we just, we dropped in two hours away almost on the border of like north Carolina and it was really pretty.
Very, very
bad.
What?
Yeah, I like, I haven't been to like U. S. States as much as I have because I prefer to travel to europe and stuff, but I've normally have done like of course like the pumps out because I'm around here. All
Oh no, I can't really say travel Georgia like
maybe gone to a few like big cities and joined with nearly three hours away. But like seeing the key little towns around like I haven't really because I was like this year I planned halfway like work related, but I was supposed to go to like six countries this year, but obviously that didn't happen. So
and try and Georgia out.
I was actually born in California and I stayed there for like two weeks and mom moved to Georgia. So I've been hearing this in my life.
Well not like I I started in college traveling but its contents
pencils.
Uh but I've been to china last in europe but
yeah. Actually my mom will tell people and I was like, wait a minute. Mom mentioned the word two years ago because people will be like, you know, Yeah, so I've been to china, I'll see you. And I've been to spain twice now and I've
been italy
and then I went to France Portugal, United Kingdom
Sound,
I thought was really pretty because I lived five weeks in spain for a study abroad and I wanted to learn spanish more better. But it was like, I did like a short weekend trip, but it was really pretty. We went to um lesbian and then there's this like town, I forgot what it's called, but starts with B. It's actually really funny. They they're unique for chocolate shots, like this cute little like tea cup working thing and it's like cherry. It's it's really good now.
It
was, Yes, it was really funny, like the whole tour bus getting like shots at 8:00 AM. No, but there's like, now don't try too much, you know that in the morning?
What am I like swimming like other cities in Portugal? Because you know, I did like the main big ones.
I
still don Salamanca, it's two hours to the left of Madrid.
Yeah, but I did like I'll live on the greatest. So fun. Yeah.
Oh no, I love Madrid. It's like so funny. Yeah.
Yeah. I actually went to Barcelona when the taxi strike was a great because you know like trying to like make their wave. So like I worked four minutes to the beach and after that I was like pooped out for the rest of the weekend anywhere. It hurts for a minute there and then I'm 40 back.
I know, I
was going
to,
it was like uh I was able to go to Guatemala like before all this happened because my
cousin got married, which is fun, so I'm glad at least went somewhere this year.
Yeah, I went in february.
you're asking me? I'm like, I don't know.
Yeah, actually, I didn't know if I was going to go because I was at the time in my Master's program And then you're tackling not to miss any days and if you do you get 3% of your entire grade deducted. Hello? Nobody was christmas city, but I was like, obviously my cousin's wedding, so my parents
left Wednesday morning and then I left by myself later. Like luckily our family from Seattle, like I had to go through Atlanta, so I caught up with them, so that ended up being okay. But it
funny because like, they're relying on me for my spanish and my spanish is not that fantastic. Okay.
I'm conversational. Like I like I can get
around europe, but if you like start asking me business rise, I don't know.
That's good for like S A T and A C and all that.
I might have been there now twice.
primarily. Well, my mom and sister never went to Italy and then, but my grandma and I have, because we all four went together as a girls trip. No, like all this coach, we have to see everything and grandma is like a repeat because we go there anyway. Thank you.
Yeah, it's pretty
me.
No,
from venice yet. I want to do that.
I want to go see the tulips in Amsterdam, you know like that week
everyone takes pictures and like a drunk low.
Yeah. I think it's going to end of March april may that they normally run that
time,
so sam
Have like a lot of days of vacation left. I'm like, well, what can I do with my car?
Our work is trying to make sure like everybody uses their vacation because normally like you're allowed to roll over like a week, but I don't want everybody to roll over. Which makes sense.
Well,
right. Because it so happens. There's no Covid and hold out at that point,
went on the news yesterday that like 95% was successful or something like that.
How are you know
that doesn't.
I think the news is probably wrong, but it's like around february.
I think so. But I think for the general public will probably be later if I had
to take
a guess because their first you know, probably going to do all the medical personnel and maybe all the elderly and I'm problem. We're almost
lobe.
Yeah. I was gonna say at least not for next may. Like it would be great but I'm kind of concerned because like not the whole population of course is going to get it.
My sister wants to see the side effects first. People go
through
sarah no, it's like my sister wants to wait for like the first round of like participants to go through. There's any side effects or long term I guess. And of course you have the anti vaccine. People who may have to take it
who did it. Really? I don't know
right Because I know a few companies I mentioned our universities I guess we're successful and I would like on their fourth round or something. I don't know exactly, but hopefully soon.
I haven't got that
long
tonight I guess time will tell you know, So you've been doing anything fun besides staying at home working? I don't know
when you do normally in Ohio
last night.
Does your family live in New Jersey or did everybody like my right down?
wow, that's a little spread out.
So does everybody like gonna drive down to like New Jersey I guess together?
Are
you
here?
So when he goes back into New Jersey is he going to have to quarantine for two weeks?
we're not going
so you're not going to go?
Okay. I was about to say because that's really long drive
right now everybody
and for
old
people,
well uh we're probably just buy a turkey and then I think it's just it's usually just my family here and then my grandma actually lives with us in the basement. It's gonna be all of us.
What?
my
mom
always like the person you're talking to.
I mean like not tell her later random stranger across the world. She's like what? No but don't talk to strangers I guess that's the point anymore.
I actually have
enjoy it.
Why did you do your excellency? I did three the first round and then the second round I did I think one because all my other people kept on not showing up and I was getting really salty and several of these.
Hello? See I tried once the one time because I had a meeting during that time like but the response the person in charge of the survey don't message me back so I feel bad not showing up.
I don't know. And I like I was all different geography. Like one time I had like a really nice six year old man.
I had one guy who was a little scared to tell me where he was but I was able to like figure it out because I was like yeah I'm two hours away from Atlanta but I can and I'm like well obviously it's Alabama what
I mean?
I don't know how you can track someone. Like maybe
someone who's super technologically wise could probably track someone like the address or something of some sort.
Well like what are you gonna do? Like to murder me? I don't know.
I don't want to work at a C. D. C. And because I volunteer for my authority as an advisor. Oh we're like, so what's the scoop? I should be like guys, I don't work at Corona CDC doesn't say anything to the employees.
Yeah I made sure like what? I'm an accountant by the way but I made sure apply to business school that I didn't have to do a testing because I'm horrible testing. Alright. I had like as long as you had above 3.5 you can exempt out of it. Which was great. So I made sure I played it like this.
Yeah they want you to take the jury. I think there's another one called the G. Mat. For business. So it was either one you could take but personally spending the $200 to take the test then buying all the books. I was like no I don't do that.
Yeah I took the A. C. T. Twice I'm on the for college. And then what was the other one? S. A. T. Once I got like an average score finally and I was like you know what that's fine that's okay nothing more. I don't really care what college I gotta do. As long as it's a university.
I did I went to Augusta university it's like almost on the border of south Carolina. I don't have to watch golf but like the masters tournament is there? Yeah
I
don't know whether anyone,
yeah this is pretty small and actually all the Masters is going on now which is all over the news too and
all
the Super bowl buffer golf. They say
it
yeah it's really hard to get into. I've only got it because I worked it because I just want to go see it one day. Like one dude I ever go to Augusta ever again. So
wow you're really fine
no I was like masters, that's it. Like I'm quitting.
Of course.
Yeah. You know like tasty on turns.
No, I decided to, you know, it's really weird. It's uh I really want to do the NBA but like online, uh but unfortunately to do it online, you need six years of work experience. So because I personally don't want to take all those macro economics and a microbe because I wasn't really good at those to begin with, so let alone to advance. So I was like, maybe I'll just try the Masters, the county. And I worked out because I went to kind of sustained overseas. It's one of the suburbs Atlanta, but it had a one year accelerated program and I thought that was a great fit for me because I hate school. So I was like, I might as well to tough it out do one year and like have it already. So I went and did that and then I was able to work part time at my job. They were very nice and
let me do that.
So I finished in May and I'm
looking into my work so.
Well
now
you're really tough because I graduated early in my undergrad, so I had a gap from january to august
till school started and so I started my full time job, but like getting back, just taking a semester off was like a little tough. What makes sense? People like don't go back to school, like don't wait
we're going strong. It seems like you're almost there. So
how long is that? I thought dr it was I guess depending on what it is, it could be four years.
How long is your doctorate is it? I guess there's
gosh,
if you are my man skin, what are you studying?
I wouldn't want money.
Yeah. As long as people enjoy it. Like I mean I have a love hate relationship with accounting. There's some things I absolutely hate like uh right now I'm about to learn with my work at your company because we deal with so many countries around the world are companies all around so just
moving
money around with like a huge houses. I'm gonna I'm kind of dreading that meeting but it is good to learn about
my understanding to Denmark and I was super excited but of course that's all backward.
And then I was gonna do like a weekend trip before and after to a different country. Yeah I I had it all style but unfortunately and
before I know it sounds silly but it should come Madrid to shop and have to Abbas I've been displaying twice. Which is funny. Like how many times can one go to spain? And then on the way back I wanted to do that. There's a three hour train from Denmark to Copenhagen. Like the capital. So I wanted to do that because I've never been to Denmark before. Sorry?
so then boss, like uh of course if Kobe was happening, if I could like Be it in live in Spain for like three months and just like go anywhere like every single weekend.
wow. Like uh CFO he went to brazil for three months during quarantine. It was funny.
Yeah. You know like I go in once a week to work just out of sanity, but I honestly don't have to go in at all. Like my boss gets super excited when I come in because I'm unexpected to be like oh my gosh
Portland
It's weird. My boss doesn't like working from home, like she hates it, but she only has a dog and her husband, so I don't know why,
who are
You know, I really love Spain when I went for the five weeks, it was $600 live with someone who was already in her apartment in Spain and that was with meals provided and everything. So so I got breakfast, lunch and dinner, she would cook for me and then you have to pay for her to do your laundry, but like honestly it's not even that much.
so I could totally afford that because our meant in Atlanta $1,000. Italy
well
like I wouldn't mind like just like a few months of the year, not like completely in Spain because I don't know, I feel like I miss my family too much.
Or even if I got my own apartment and drive grandma with me, I think that will be super fun to have like a travel partner. I drive her every day.
it's actually really funny because I took her to London but like she took out money unexpectedly for something. My mom's like Ashley, you have to tell her, we don't know what she's planning. It was actually really such as like what about a plot of land uh prefer to be buried? I was like what in the world? You're not even that old. Yeah,
it's because mom thought like she was gonna take me somewhere and like just like you better make sure to tell her she like you don't need to trips. Yeah. Mhm.
So it was really funny.
Uh now she's 80 at the time, I was like 75 I think.
yeah, last year. Uh Last year, yeah, it was last year we went to um we did a cruise of the mediterranean and then we did a week after we stayed in Spain to explore the bottom. I have never done that before, so I was really fine.
Hello?
Well Grandma wants to think about the money, but honestly, I will be like 50 years old before if I had to wait for people. So I like, just don't mind. She's done so much for me so I just pay for everything, I'll just get like round and I'm on I'm gonna be like oh my God. Right.
Uh huh. And I like matching t shirts for like just the airplanes
and
it's like wrapped each other.
I
didn't plan well the last shirt because she has hearing an only one ear. But I did like on the back of the shirts, I put like together since 1996, because that's when I was born, so 1, 1996. But like I had to be on the other side of her so she can hear me, Everyone's like wrong side.
I
my sister is going to take her to a river cruise, although she kind of stole my idea, but it even happened anyways, but as long as I can take grandma to like christmas, like in europe, that's fine. I don't know if you have a cute, you know, come from Target
because we're supposed to, I was so mad, like we were gonna go to Prague and then we were gonna go through Germany and then we were gonna go, oh, to Budapest, you know the famous for christmas? And I'm like, also sang on because you moved here.
Yeah we're going to go the week before Christmas to come back like the 24th. No.
I know and like this is the second time I cancelled a trip to paris because I'm so
medical
something or not to go to paris and I want to know why.
Yeah, I haven't seen that yet. I heard it's good though.
Yeah. My friend said it was kind of cheesy so I don't know.
and
I've been watching probably way too many questions movies now but
I can't wait any longer. I watched holiday.
Yeah netflix is really good. It's with what's your name? The girl from nancy Drew.
Yeah. Emma roberts. I'm not very good with actors and I'll be like you know that person from that movie?
You don't know how that person from Grey's Anatomy is in it too. She
watched the race. But
Yeah she's like the one with like one leg and blonde hair but she left it.
Yeah I think my favorite was dash and lily. It's a T. V. Series but like I watched it like literally one sitting because there are a few minutes
you don't highly recommend.
Yeah it was really funny because when I like did this video chat with the old man we like talking about movies and he legit pulled out a notebook, start writing down the movies. I've seen your wife. It was so funny.
All
I know I'm
going
to ask my friends
through movies because I just watch it so quickly because I like to work and have it in the background.
I know I like my tv
and movies are so like different because like I also like the super dramatic ones were like oh my gosh there's twin sisters, oh my gosh once dead by the way she's alive.
Angry.
It's like crazy. Yeah exactly.
And then I like you know the romantic ones in the comedy and then for some reason on my movie suggestions right now are all like action fighting criminal
minds kind of things. Yeah every now.
Yeah I got mad at that so I stopped watching it.
Yeah exactly. Like they start adding people and I'm like I don't like it anymore but I wish I wish it wasn't too bad
Flash.
Yeah it's pretty good. But then you know what happened? The same thing like Arrow? They started adding like people.
I mean I watched the end of like The Flash because I was curious what would happen but mm I couldn't live without watching it.
Yeah. Our thanks.
I've been making my family watch movies with me like every other night, Right?
I've
been like, you know, and they're like, oh again, I go there, I'll swap because mom likes, you know the romantic ones that's kind of action. I'll find something that's maybe both. Sometimes find quality
more.
Well,
that kind of happened to some of the movies because you know, sometimes we start a little later at 9:00 and they kind of fall asleep around 10:20. We're
I think the last one I saw, what was it was? I think it was frozen too.
No, that was
uh Because I used to go every Tuesdays was $5 and it was like the lay down one, which
was nice and a free popcorn. So
I know right?
I can't believe it. But the old time it was kind of like 25 miles away. There is a movie, there are 10 minutes away but like it's okay, it doesn't lay down, it's also $6 and you don't get brought corn.
you know actually they are open now actually were closed for a little bit and they were often like drive pickup popcorn which I thought was interesting But I wasn't gonna just drive 10 minutes ago. Pick up popcorn,
bring
remake. I don't know if I would want to go into the movie theaters yet.
I buy so much stuff on amazon. Hello. I'm also uh amazon reviewer so
No.
Yeah I will not only con is you have to pay for it first couple days and you write your review and so it's like a little in it and but the good thing is the amazon super nice is like if you don't get your money, if you don't get the money back, then you can return it. Do they pay back either paypal or they can send you a gift card. But also it's like company's discretion. So they like use like Facebook ads to catch you. So once you click one, like literally a whole Facebook is filled with like options will be random. Like one might be a cat carrier, which I don't even have any cats or dogs,
which is like,
and then the next item will be like a toaster.
Yeah, actually I have the cell, she open, let me look at it. I've gotten 46 items so far. I keep an excel sheet because I was curious how much I would spend And I've gone $1800 worth of stuff.
But yeah, I got to try and get things that have like proximity to use. Like I got king sheets for my mom and then I got sheets for myself because I really liked it. So I guess they benefit too if you like the items and I got balloons because it was my boss's birthday. I did get the cat backpack only because I thought would be a funny joke for my friend. But and yeah, there was like one item that showed earlier was like $800 trampoline. But also like what if they don't send me my money back? Also do I need a trampoline?
It's
like down so put it in like the driveway. It's not a good idea.
Yeah. Although I said slow down. I'll do like what I don't worry because it's not good to, you don't want to be caught on it by amazon because this time so you don't have
nothing. They take down like they took down half the review because the write reviews and and the government doesn't care at all. But they still let you keep item Oh
yeah, if they if it doesn't let your interview, they also accept a seller feedback which anyone can do
or you can upload a video of the product so they don't like, as long as you can do something.
See that's what I'm trying to do. Like I've been clicking everyone and trying to look at their lows. It's ridiculous. The one sent me like this google doc of items, 27 pages and icons were like this big, it was all like completely useless wings. Like there was like literally a neck Hammock who needs like uh
It was the strangest thing.
I know. It was just in the picture was just hilarious. And then I'll see the funniest like cat things, which I like to look around and send my friend be like, do you need this?
Thank you. But I'm not really a fan of like where they live here, everywhere.
Oh, I know. Yeah. I lived in apartment in Augusta when I was at school and there was no pets allowed because somebody apparently dumped their fish tank down the tub of water and like broke something. So
they're like no pets anymore.
Remember? It's so funny. I mean we have pet birds here but still.
Yeah, they're like cute. I love they squawk away too much when I'm in my meetings, but they're fine.
Yeah. I don't even check the time. We yeah, we are way over.
You
know.
I know it's funny. My coworker that used to talk about the time she'll schedule 30 minute meeting with me and then we'll just like chat.
How's it going? What you do is like March.
I know. Like I have this one friend, I'll call her like every single day you think we run out of stuff to talk about for support. We just call it and be like, hey, yeah,
I'm
glad do that too with my friends from Augusta. And so I'll be like, so how is that? You know, the few months it's been boyfriend. Yeah, it was your cat.
We have the list, you know?
no, exactly. Because I
like them to some people and they'll be like, you never face, tell me what you do. And I'll be like, I want to see your face.
No,
I know. Like I used to go to Augusta like every three months normally because it's not really fun setting to do anything. So it's
more like this. And what we'll do is we'll just eat like new friend, every
artist lunch and dinner, which by then I'm like totally like hungover with food, but
I'm like, I'm super excited except my sister graduated this past May, so I got to go to Augusta in december for her graduation so hopefully I can see them.
I'd be like, yeah, then I haven't been to Augusta for like, I don't know, you're probably,
they're on the area and I do have one that moved to a suburb of Atlanta, but she's like on the opposite side of me. So like, it's an hour away, which I guess I could like. Her parents are like strict lockdown quarantine
and
I have another friend who is careful, but like, she likes to go out and see lots of people and I'm like, maybe I'll just stick upon you,
No, of course. Yeah, luckily none of us have claudia, but like, I'm really worried about my sister because she lives in uh Atlanta, she sees people, but my mom's like, oh she's a nurse, it's fine. But like, then she caught it and then I was like, see she's not fine. Uh
Yeah, she's fine now. But like she could have given it to all of us because like, we tell her the day she was positive. Mhm. Which I'm shocked we didn't get it, considering we're all like hugging and touching each other, you know?
No, I'm wondering because like they say like, oh if you're catch through the air just very simply, and I'm like well we legit, we're all day with her, okay,
so.
Yeah, I heard that like, some family members like don't end up catching it, but like, I don't know, maybe they quarantine that person in the house.
I'm more concerned. Like if you can catch it more than once because that's a few cases of that. Yeah. Twice. So I'm kind of nervous. My mom's like, oh, maybe she is immune from it. And I'm like, well what if she still can get it like?
Come on. I'm depending on you.
Anyways, I'll let you go.
Why you as well? I wish you best of luck finishing your doctorate
and
and learning. All
Hi,