Yeah. Good hurt you.
Yeah. Yeah I work from home so I also never really relieved.
I mean I just work on my couch most of the time so.
Yeah. Yeah my my boss has never said anything about it but yeah she may
think
it's weird.
Yeah that's funny. Where are you living at?
I'm
really in Cincinnati right now. Yeah.
so I guess it's getting bad probably there. I mean I think
it's really bad everywhere in the country.
I don't know I don't know obviously I I know like it keeps getting worse and worse.
Yeah definitely. Yeah I mean I don't think there's anywhere in the country that's actually like doing that good right now. What I can tell but I'm not sure if they're ever gonna.
Yeah. No. Yeah it's gonna be dark. You're really tell. Yeah I hate it.
Yeah. No. Yeah I agree. Yeah it's going to be not agreed winter uh just thinking about it. I'm like, oh my God, it's gonna be a bad couple of months. Yeah.
Yeah, it doesn't get too much snow here, but we do get some of it and it just gets like cold. I actually kind of wished maybe we did get some snow because then at least we'll be ready, you know what I mean? But I kind of just like, we get like days that are almost cold enough to get snow, but they're not quite cold enough to get snow. So instead we just get freezing rain. Which is what?
Wait, there's mountains near Atlanta.
You guys? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Because I've only been to the southern part of Georgia I think. Well. And I'm like, I am hot. I think it's the southern, I've been to like savannah's like the southern.
Yeah. Yeah, it was very pretty. Yeah. Yeah. I want to go back. I was planning on doing like a Tennessee vacation actually this year, like before the coronavirus Savage. I
had
a whole like, um, you know, like going down to Tennessee and seeing all the mountains and um, dolly Parton and everything, you know, that
was.
Yeah.
That sounds nice. I know. Chinese.
Yeah. Yeah. At least it is something I didn't do anything this year. I went on like a few day trips to places, but I didn't do any
time.
All right. Yeah, That sounds nice too. Yeah,
I've been writing about
you were carrying me fun.
No. Yeah, I think I've driven through it. So I've been to south Carolina, so
I'm the same way. Um, because yeah, I've been to like a bunch of european countries and yeah, I also like, like, I feel weird because I feel like I've been to more european countries than United States. You know what I mean? Like it was very like strange and I want to like fix that, you know,
mom
more.
Yeah. Yeah. Did you grow up in Georgia?
Mhm. What countries have you been to? I guess a lot of them.
I didn't
know.
Not cool. I mean I wish I could go to Asia. That's where I want to go to.
In
what way?
Okay, did you like
Portugal? I want to go to Portugal.
Well now
that's great.
Yeah. Yeah. I always want to go to Portugal. I mean, I don't know, I guess just because I've seen photos of it and it looks pretty so
mhm Yeah, I've been to spain to but also only for a week. So I also wanted to like the big cities. Really. Barcelona and Madrid. Is that where did you live when you were
small?
To the left? Okay. Yeah, I definitely did not go to the last.
why did you say sorry?
I like I actually, you know, everyone told me that Barcelona was going to be like good better city. I think like, I mean I feel like people hyped up Barcelona, but I actually like to android better too. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh Yeah. This is just making me miss traveling.
Been
so
long.
Workers.
Yeah, that's nice. Yeah. Actually my sister did the same thing. She went back in like a March february. She went I think also, yeah, she was in Guatemala to she was only some island. But I don't know.
Yeah, she was scuba diving. Is that quantum all? I think it was horrible that she was then.
I know because I'm like I'm not doubting myself, it was either Guatemala Honduras and I can't remember exactly Which one, I don't know, it's kind of nice. So I was like good for her that because she got on this vacation, you know right before.
You know?
And who
at least you know some, I don't know
money.
Yeah, that's so useful. I wish I had learned spanish. I took latin do it
I guess. I mean it was pretty stupid. It was a pretty dumb life decision. It was honestly just because I didn't like the spanish teacher and yeah, so I took latin because I thought be easier. Which like it was pretty easy but definitely not particularly useful. I mean I've been to the Vatican I think that's the only place in the world where Latin was the official language and the Vatican is like, it's like a church and a museum. It's not, but
yeah, yeah, you can't actually do anything in the Vatican. Really?
Yeah, I like it delays.
God. Yeah, I haven't been to, I wish I,
yeah, I want to go back and go to more of it because all I've really done is Rome and venice and a little
bit,
Yeah, I was, you know, but like when I went there, I think it was just like a very popular tourist time because it was just packed with tourists. I wasn't like crazy about that. Like I felt like it was only tourists. Like it didn't feel like there was anyone who actually like was italian, it just was like a ton of tourists. I mean it was definitely like unique compared to all the other cities I've ever been to. I mean, you know, I guess it's maybe a little bit more like and I guess like Amsterdam has like canals, but it wasn't really anything like Amsterdam, I don't know, I mean definitely. Yeah, you should, so at some point.
yeah, I want to tell.
Yeah, I think I, when I went it was like before they would have brown because I think I want to like March ish.
no,
there aren't any two ups, but yeah, I wish I would have seen them too and I've been really pretty. Yeah.
Yes, this is making me miss miss traveling. Uh
Yeah. Oh my God, I haven't taken any time. I mean I guess I have like the holidays, but I haven't taken any time to do anything like extent or
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So then I want it to be too much for next
year.
Yeah. I know. I was optimistic that like we would have the vaccine by early. Well not really.
Yeah. Yeah. But I'm not sure like whenever you're actually going to get it, you know what I mean? Like I was hoping we would have it before the summer so we can have a nice summer constantly
country,
you know? But now I'm like, I don't know like are we isn't even going to be okay by the summertime? Uh huh.
Okay. Is that like when the first ones are going to come out?
You
are?
I
think we're not too bad. I mean that if we couldn't all get it by, I mean I'm just like, yeah, I just want to, you know, like I just want would like to to get it maybe before. Um Yeah, like my
Yeah, I would definitely not. I know most of my friends are very not. Um
people.
Sorry?
Uh huh. Yeah. I mean they have I think the clinical trial had like 20, 1000 people. 40,000.
it does have quite a bit. So I guess you can tell her that they did. I mean like in some ways like they have done the first round of it through the clinical trial, but I'm not sure exactly like how much of that data is public.
Yeah. I'm like I will bind up like I'll take it right away. I mean, I'm not going to get it because I'm not like a health care person. So I wouldn't expect that I would get it for a while. Anyway. I'm
like,
do you think it should probably go to like older people first?
I'm enjoying, um
yeah, not really. I mean, I've had like a friends visit me actually the past weekend, which was fun. I'm
not originally from Ohio either, I'm from New Jersey, so that was nice. Um,
yeah, they did with my parents live in New Jersey. My sisters both, we're like all over the place now because it's, my parents are in New Jersey. I'm in Ohio, my younger sisters in Virginia. My older sisters in California.
Yeah, I know. Yeah, that's why I like, this has been of course like difficult because it's a very long time without seeing anyone. I think I'm going to see people for thanksgiving, which is probably not, um, you know, a good idea, but
yeah, we're just gonna need, we're planning on meeting in pennsylvania. Um, we do have family in pennsylvania too, but we're not even meeting that side of the family were writing out a condo because like Ohio, you know, like I'm about to Geography, so just like, like New Jersey and pennsylvania, that's Ohio. And so remaining in pennsylvania because New Jersey's have like strict quarantine, but it's and so Ohio is on the list for quarantine. So basically, if like I went back to New Jersey, I want to be able to leave the house and then if they came to Ohio, they would have to go back
to
New
Jersey and work from home for two weeks, which they can't because my dad's a teacher, so it's like a whole thing, it's actually really kind of annoying. But
no, because pennsylvania is not on the list, that's why we're meeting in pennsylvania because they re like, it's the whole thing is kind of dumb because like, so it makes sense, you know, like, over the summer because New Jersey was doing really good and compared to like the rest of the country, um but now New Jersey is also not doing that good and neither is pennsylvania, but New Jersey, like, they're not like it's the same thing with new york. They all like New Jersey, new york and Connecticut, they're all doing like, this thing were quarantined for two weeks and then, but they won't put each other on the list because there's too much like work flow, you know what I'm saying? Like, it's the same thing with New Jersey and pennsylvania because there's a lot of people who live in New Jersey to work in pennsylvania and vice versa, So New Jersey, like it's not going to put pennsylvania on the list like, ever, like, it's like a look kind of like a loophole, you know what I mean? Like they're not going to put it on the list so people can go to work except with my family's taking advantage of this and instead we're just like having a vacation, but it's not really a vacation. It's just like we're gonna be in a condo for three days. It's, yeah, my sister already like backed out because she started freaking out about getting grown on the plane. So she
one,
no, no, I'm going, my sister from California stock going.
Yeah. Yeah, I know she was, yeah, she was going to go on a flight and then I mean her, she has more of an issue anyway because she works in a nursing home. So she started feeling very like morally, um, you know, worried about like,
you
know,
which
I get. So she canceled a couple of days ago, but the rest of us are still going. So I don't know, do you have any plans for thanksgiving?
Yeah, sometimes I, so you don't have to
do this elaborate plan. Mhm. Yeah,
it's
sort of,
oh, that's funny.
Have you done these before?
Yeah, I am too.
I've been out of town like I am of them maybe.
Yeah. No, I've had that happen to, I should someone cancel um two days ago. Like I was supposed to do it and they like canceled ahead of time, which was nice because they let me know
uh lots of fault. Yeah. No.
Oh wow, that's nice. Yeah, I can look for me. I've almost only had woman and Almost exclusively woman like below the age of like 40. I had one man. He was actually really creepy. Like it was uncomfortable. But besides him And then I keep your, I don't know if I've had anyone who's living in the south either actually. I kept getting people from the East coast.
it's funny. I know like I feel weird sometimes asking people with the right because I don't want people to think I'm like gonna, you know?
All
I know.
Yeah, I guess someone could, but I mean like who cares enough to do that.
Yeah, No, I agree. I mean, I don't, I don't care. I mean, I was talking to someone the last conversation I had, she had like, she had some type of like lab job in the government and I was like trying to kind of figure out what it was, but I don't want to ask like, you know, But it was like she was doing corona research. I was like, this is so interesting, you know?
Oh yeah. Yeah, I actually applied to grad school like years ago, not your, I mean a couple of years ago in Atlanta because I kind of wanted to work at the CDC so I got through the first round I think of applicants but
Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah, I'm not gonna testing either. Yeah, I took the jury is like one time, do you take the jury's for accounting too?
Yeah. Yeah, I took a one time and it was it was awful. I mean it just took forever is expensive and I always told myself I would take it again to get a better like score and I just didn't like I couldn't convince myself to suffer through that.
Yeah. Did you go to school in Georgia town?
I don't know much, I'm sorry. I don't know,
I
don't know your I don't know if it is it small?
I don't I don't watch golf. Yeah, I don't really
want them.
I
definitely have heard of it.
Yeah, that's well, it's closer. Yeah, wow. Yeah, I went to school back in New Jersey, well before right now, I'm actually in school in Cincinnati to I'm just doing a PhD here. My undergrad was in um New Jersey.
Not really, I kind of is more like, I feel like most people don't want to like suffer through this, so they don't actually
Yeah, why didn't masters to I because I I initially had applied um so directly like go from undergrad into the PhD, and then I had like second thoughts about how awful ph she was going to be, because people like freaked me out.
The masters for tears and I still ended up doing a PhD. So I guess that was maybe, I mean, I guess maybe I should have just wanted to begin with, but it's okay. It's
yeah, yeah, I was yours, was your masters like an NBA or
Hello.
Something is
or
that's not really nice. Yeah, I mean you're lucky to be done. I don't quite know why I'm like agreed to why I'm willingly subjecting myself to this many years of schooling because yeah, I'm like burnt out and
I still
have like four years to go, so
please.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, that's why I also like, because I figured I had to just kind of keep going through it because if I took a break, I was never gonna come back, can do this, you know? Right, wow. Yeah. So
uh no I'm only my second year, so I still have like eight years left. Oh my God,
what was that sorry?
So the quickest would be like four years but nobody really finishes four years, that's like kind of theoretically um
in reality I'm hoping for five, I'm just hoping not any longer than that because so far in my program we're not that old of a program but so far only one person has graduated in four years and everyone else's
biomedical informatics. Yeah, it's so much fun,
it's um you know it's I like it proved about as far as sometimes it's like awful.
My next
book,
mm. Yeah. Yeah, I kind of want to work in like a big company that is all over the world when this degree is over I think.
yeah, that's cool. Yeah that's what I wanted an excuse to have to travel places. So.
that's nice. So you're you're you're going to go down to Mark and then what we're gonna do before and after.
Yeah. Yeah. I've done recognized I spent like a week there. 12. I lived in Finland for a couple of years. That's why I've been.
Mm hmm. Well if you're working mostly remotely then I feel like,
it is possible if you can work remotely at least.
Mhm. Yeah, I don't go in at all. I also could go in but it's like the same. My boss doesn't go in. And so I'm like
there's really no point of me being nervous.
Yeah. Well I I definitely do think like sometimes I find it hard to focus too.
Like for a while, especially at the beginning I was like really missing going in to the opposite. See now I've kind of gotten to the point that I'm like so used to this. I just I'm hoping that this is gonna be the rest of my life. Like I'm hoping I'd never have to go in because I mean I kind of like the idea of like, you know, like getting a house wherever I want to get a house and like traveling and going to europe and then like, you know what I mean, That would be so nice. I work from home forever, so.
Yeah, that's that's super cheap. That's right.
Yeah. Yeah, that's yeah. With me to like, because I don't know where like my future job is going to be, but I know like there's definitely a lot of like biotech companies and pharm pharmaceutical companies on like the coast, like the west Coast and the East Coast obviously. But like I don't really want to live, they're either, you know, like I'm from New Jersey, but I don't want to live in New Jersey. But New Jersey, it's time pharmaceutical companies. So it would be great. Yeah. If I could like work for a company in New Jersey and and live like, I don't know. Yeah, like Spain, I'd be great. I
mean.
Yeah. Yeah, that's true.
Yeah. Yeah, That's that Super bowl. Yeah. My grandparents don't do anything. So that's really nice.
my grandparents did that too. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. How old is she?
So she still travels at 80.
Yeah. That's super cool. Because my grandparents, like, I don't think they've traveled internationally In like decades. I mean because they're also in their 80s, but they stopped like a long time ago. Well two of them never did anything to begin
with. But even the ones who used to travel internationally haven't done it in like 30 years.
Yeah. That size. I like that. That's, that's weird.
Oh, that's
so
yeah. That's weird. That's great. Yeah,
that's true.
Yeah. It's cute though. I love it. That's so sweet. I hope like, you know when I'm like a grandma,
I have like a good relationship for future grandchildren. Thank you. Mhm.
This.
we're there for, you were supposed to go.
I want the names. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna, yeah, this is making me feel so like, like I haven't been anywhere in so long.
I've
never been a terrible fever.
Yeah. I want to, I definitely want to go to paris. You know I was watching like that netflix tv show Emily in paris
people like hated some people hated some people love it. It's definitely like good. Um
definitely it's definitely like a lot of stereotypes and cheap but also like I kind of enjoy like mindless tv shows like you know I like reality tv like I like a lot of things that are just like they don't you don't really have to think very much so my type of T. V. Because I feel like I already think enough like in my like career like
I'd rather just like watch something that's like
yeah I'm going to start I'd like trying to be holding I've kind of been trying to hold off on it
Yeah. Where's up one on Netflix?
Yeah. Is it Emma roberts?
Yeah. Yeah I know I know.
and
I don't watch it but I know some of the people.
Okay. No I'm soon. Yeah I should watch that one soon maybe.
How about that one too? Yeah.
Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah I'm like getting in the christmas mood down. Yeah.
That's cute. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I should I I do like getting like tv recommendations to because I just like run out. I'm like
I'm the person like I have tv shows in the background running like constantly. You know what I mean? Like I don't like I don't like fully watch it. I just like put it on because I'm like I'm pointing right now because I'm with my T. V. I don't fully watch it. But I just like um you know like I'm on my computer doing like emails and I have the tv on but then because of that I get through them so fast that I like constantly need like something now
I'm
all
I agree.
Yeah. Yeah, sometimes I wonder like what is this doing to my attention span but
what
it's
very strong,
you know
what?
I'd like that sometimes. Right? Yeah, like I watched like The Arrow, although I haven't watched in a while.
Yeah, I kind of had like I just kind of lost interest.
Which one?
Oh yeah, I've been wanting to watch that one. Yeah.
Yeah, I know that some of my problem with TV shows is normally around like season five or 6. I'm like finished, you know?
Yeah. Yeah. I guess I'm a watch that when I go home for christmas because my mom likes to watch those types of things to normally like whenever I visit her, we have like a tv show that we watch together.
Yeah, it's kind of nice to, Yeah, it is nice because like for me I'm just like watching all this stuff alone, but yeah.
Yeah, I know. It's hard to be doing. So if I love different families like
four.
Yeah, that's nice. Yeah.
My dad doesn't Really even watch movies. I mean he does in theory, he just falls asleep like 10 minutes
into.
Yeah. I know my dad like without fail, like he can't get through a movie even like a movie theaters, you know about when we were going to movie theaters and
Oh yeah, wow. Yeah.
Oh my God, that's a good, what, what, what is the last one I saw? I don't even know
Children,
$3 for, it was only $5.
That's
Mm Are the movie theaters open where you're at?
Yeah, no, I want it either, but I guess they have to do something to like
say not.
No, I, I wanted personally, but also like, yes, Cincinnati, like the cases are decently high. I mean I, I, I'm still shopping and stuff and even then I'm kind of wondering should I be shopping right now?
Yeah, I've always kind of wanted to do that. We
see the three things.
help
us.
Mm. Is some of the stuff like really useful?
wow, that's nice.
Yeah, I don't even up room like where I live. What is
like an outdoor 1?
Yeah. Yeah. Well that sounds ads A nice way to get three things. So
Yeah. I actually got, I had a review flight one time. I don't know why like I was actually really annoyed because they were like, they like took took down the review and I was like, okay.
Yeah, I actually haven't tried to write a review since I should try to see if yeah, they would let me because because I also like seem like these ads to about like getting these amazon things, but I'm like, I can't, I I don't know if you like stop the review, like amazon, so
okay, yes, that's good. Yeah.
mm Yeah, that's because I don't make I look into this, I could use christmas presents.
Why am I trying to think of like how you would even
yeah, that's very, very strange. That camera just like a pillow just get pillow
Yeah, yeah. Oh my God, I wish I had a cad.
That's right. And yeah, yeah. You know like that I would worry about them. I mean I can't have animals in my apartment, like it's a no pet apartment. But um yeah, yeah, sometimes I do. I'm like yeah, that's a problem. Like they repair and they scratch stuff and I like control microchip to get messed up or am I like apartment and then I have to pay my landlord a lot of money, so
the preferred.
That's very very weird. Yeah.
Yeah. Birds are cute.
Yeah, that's one today, so yeah, I want something mm I should have to get going though because I'm
yeah, we're right over. Yeah, I know, but it was kind of nice talking to someone just because
like
I work from home so I like hardly ever talked to anyone down anymore, so.
Yeah, I know. We both do sometimes. Yeah. It's like because it's just like, yeah, I go so long without like talking to people and I'm like,
Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. It's just nice sometimes because I'm also not from like Cincinnati. So like most of my friends or even not from here still, you know what I mean? Like I still talk and talk to people on the phone all the time. I've never seen one faces.
Yeah. That sounds nice. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't normally call people like every day, but I do like a thing where I'll talk to someone like maybe once every couple of months. But then we talked for like five hours. You know what I
mean? Like?
Yeah. We did. We just go through like everything that's happened in like two months time. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's nice I guess like it's like at least like there's something like, I mean thank God like there's like modern technology and we can talk to people like on
and
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I should make my friend's face time anymore to it's been so long.
I was thinking about it one time and I was like, oh my God, I'm going like almost a year without seeing most a lot of runs. Yeah.
No
little worse.
What's that?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds good.
Mhm. Yeah. So did a lot of your friends like were they originally from the area or did they just saying that?
Oh yeah, yeah. I have some friends that are kind of like that,
correct?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm like when I'm like in Cincinnati, I'm very like, I mean I'm really careful but I don't, I don't I'm like more willing to see people, but it's when I go when I was like visit my family, New Jersey, I also get very like worried about like my family, you know what I mean?
it's going fine.
Uh Well that's good that you guys gonna get about.
I'm confused by the whole thing.
Two. Yeah. Because I know my mom's boss right now, her child has it, but supposedly her boss hasn't got it yet. But they're like they I mean it's like her son, they lived together right?
Yeah. No. Yeah, I'm not really sure how it works. I mean, I gotta read up on it a little bit to make sure we don't all spread it to each other for thanksgiving. Uh
Yeah, I thank you. Some people can. I mean, I think at least she probably should have immunity for a few months but not probably forever. You're over your key. So I don't know. I think like you're the cells disappear. I don't really know. I don't really do that type of science but I haven't.
Right definitely. You definitely do lose like if some immunity as time goes on. Yeah.
Yeah it was nice talking about. Nice meeting you.
Yeah. Thank you. I wish you good luck um Being
an accountant. So
thank you
for getting various about say uh.