how's it going?
I'm doing well,
I am from the midwest, so I'm literally smack dab in the middle of the country. How about you?
Texas? So we're both in the central time zone, I guess, so 8:00.
Have
step.
How many times have you done this?
this is, this is my first time. So I, I've never experienced this before, so
I'm not feeling nervous, just kind of, I don't know, like I'm good at talking, but at the same time I'm like, how am I going to fill 25 minutes of just straight talking? You know,
I mean, usually like if I'm talking to people, like we're at dinner or something and like it's a different environment. But then like when you're just one on one face to face, nobody's around, you're just kind of like, oh,
this is weird.
Oh yeah, I mean, so probably not. I mean you're stranger. So what do I care what
your political opinion is? So
it's well, okay, best.
No
I I got that.
I
yeah, I mean technically I'm registered as an independent, but I'm leaning more
towards
democrat with everything that's been going on, but.
it's kind of my family too, is they're pretty
heavy trump and then there's me,
but
I couldn't I couldn't do four more years of that. No way.
Did you, did you breathe a heavy sigh of relief when they announced it on? What was it saturday?
And it all blurs together?
Yeah. I'm not really heavy into everything that's going on. Like I know on the surface level of you know who I should be voting for, who, you know what most of the policies are. But like as far as like what
different um minority groups think of Hoovers, who and the reasons why I'm not very familiar with that. So.
I think
I
I think that's the way it was for live people just because um alive, the things he did directly affected you know their rights and everything. I mean before everything was just kind of it never one way or the other to the extreme, but then you had trump who came in and did everything to this extreme where everything is like you know, we're gonna deport these people were going to arrest these people. Um Nobody gets any money except for the rich people. And then. Yeah, but everybody since then it
was mostly in the middle.
I I think he's very narcissistic and I think had he had a better grip
on you know the actual republican values rather than being selfish I guess and doing everything to his own benefit.
And his kids.
I mean, did you, so I'm on facebook sometimes and one of the things that was circulating around was that um speech that McCain gave before he conceded to Obama, did you see that?
I'm definitely for the separation of church and state. I just think it's ridiculous um that because there are so many religions in the world, that one religion dictates our laws. I mean, even even if technically, like when they swear people into Congress and stuff like that,
they're,
yeah, they're able to, well, they're able to like swear on the Koran or you know, whatever.
I
it still doesn't mean that those religions have a strong say in our, our laws,
so like.
Rheumatism or something like that. Yeah.
Yeah. I was never actually raised with any religion, so like my dad um was catholic, my mom was christian um but they never really made us go to church or anything like that and so I kind of grew up without it and um so it's it's never really played a big part in my life, so I think that's kind of why I'm atheists agnostic, I don't want to say there isn't a god, but I, you know, I don't have proof that there is, so I'm kind of, I don't really know.
they
pick and choose what works lies to them.
What?
make other people's lives better, Yeah.
Yeah, but they're they're just some basic days like nobody should die because they aren't able to afford care. Yeah.
it's gonna be a big cultural shift, I think, I mean, but that's assuming we make it that far. I mean it's really now
I know I mean just everything with this global warming stuff too and the fact that he pulled out of the paris accord and all of that. Yeah.
I I don't know I mean
I think the first thing that needs to happen is they need to get all the votes tallied because that's what's kind of giving these trump supporters hope right now. Is that oh it's a false election, they're still ballots being counted, you know it's not official yet. Um But I think once the ballots are counted and tallied and complete, there's not really any refuting that he won, there's no slim slim slim chance that trump has one. And so I think after that um I really don't know what's going to happen. Okay.
I think it makes everybody a little bit
nervous like we're all here celebrating but there's that small like oh God I hope nothing gets messed up.
I
I
I
mean
yeah, I'm not really sure like I feel like it's going to result in riots probably. I can see a big chance of that happening.
Especially
because you know the trump um crowd is gonna feel justified and they're already pretty prone to violence to begin with.
I mean.
It it is more
terroristic
violence but they're they're not seeing it that way. They're seeing it as defending their beliefs and their country and whatnot. I mean There is one thing I saw that was like somebody um that was on the Republican side said you know all the you know um all these trump supporters and not one riot happened with that you know now that bite in his one and then somebody came back with Yeah
well
you know Your president lost election, not got murdered by three people.
Yeah. Yeah and that's that's the thing is a lot of people who um I don't want to choose sides. They look at both sides as the same, like everybody has good people, everybody has bad people type of thing, but you know it's disproportionate in the amount of bad people on their side versus bad people on the other side.
No.
Yeah I've seen yeah I've seen um you know that one video of that one cop that was trained uh dressed as a plain clothes protester and.
huh.
And that's kind of like why I feel like there there needs to be a big change um uh and get a lot of the people that are in power out of their position, whether it's at, you know, the sheriff
level or the county level or you know, above that because it all stems until it gets to the highest level. You have people, you know,
dangerous people at all levels that allow or even encourage these types of discrimination or um uh what's the word I'm looking for corruption?
I
I
think it really depends on a person's core values and how they not how they present themselves to the public, but in the actions that they do. Like if somebody is giving a majority, not a majority of their wealth but a good amount of their wealth to charity and um helping out and uh being philanthropic without trying to make a profit.
That's that's a good person. But if you're having somebody who is philanthropic just to make a name for themselves, then you know, that's kind of more a selfish
reason.
and
I do not. Um the last pet I had was five years ago. Um It was a cat named Toby And little black one. And he was 19 years
old
he
was he was really I had him for most of my life, I have him for more of my life than I didn't.
what
kind
are
they?
Yeah So when you adopted the 10 year olds, did you adopt them as senior dogs or um did you get them when they were younger?
I mean that's usually how it goes. His uh my my cat was actually a stray and my sister um moved to California she found the cat in California and brought it all the way back here and we ended up keeping him. So
I kind of have a dog, so my brother has a dog
that um
very nice
actually. And let me see if I can find a picture of her, She's a mutt. Um Let's see
I had to do. There. She is, can you see that?
she
is actually a husky and we think a collie we we haven't gotten her, you know they have those dog DNA test things we haven't gotten that for, so we don't really know, But she is 10 or 11 now I think
it's
love
her.
Yeah. What makes me sad though is like sometimes I'll be on like craigslist or something and people are like selling their pets on the for sale page of craig's list and I'm like it's like, you know, it's for reasons like um we just don't have the time to take care of them or things like that. It's like how do you take a dog into your home and then just decide you don't want it? Yeah. Like I just
can't,
I just can't imagine doing
that.
Well,
I mean I I don't know if I'm never going to get a dog soon. It's uh it's hard to let go of bets and like,
I mean I've done it twice now and like the dog isn't even mine and I'm already like dreading saying goodbye to her,
so.
Yeah. I mean, I'm sure I'll get there eventually. I mean it's hard to say no to some of those cute faces and all that, but um
It will probably be within the next year or two I think. Um My my dad actually just passed away in july and so the house is feeling kind of empty, so.
No,
he actually had a pancreatic cancer. Um We discovered it at the beginning of the year and um mill of the year that it finally got to him.
No I appreciate it was definitely something that was um unexpected but you know it at least it wasn't super sudden like you
know some
people
have heart attacks or
strokes or something and I got some extra time with him knowing that this was going to happen. So at least I got to you know have the conversations with him and um speak with him about his past and all that and just a I spent some quality time with him.
Maybe not that but
but definitely.
Yeah. I've
seen
those
Actually have a
cousin
that works at one. Yeah.
23 and me.
He actually says a free DNA kit and we never
took it.
It's been saying there for like three years now to be honest. I
mean
like
the thing
is
is like my parents while my mom now she just has no interest in it. Um
She's like, I know where my family came from. They came from china like so
if
No.
Yeah. I think that's one of the weird things is like that. It automatically connects you with all these other people and like I think we're just very private even though I'm talking to a complete stranger. But Yeah.
No,
I I get where you're coming from. I mean, yeah. Um but
it's weird to think to that, you know, you probably do want to talk to him because when my dad talked to me it was weird to think that there was this whole other life before I was born that he had and so my dad was military
and they moved
all over the US and I've only lived in this town so it's weird to think that there's a whole another life that they lived in Virginia and Washington in Alabama and things like that,
Yeah that's the same with me is
I was I was an accident.
so it looks like we did our 25 minutes we're actually a little bit over so.
you too.
I mean it wasn't as
awkward as that I would be but um yeah definitely.
Yeah and I hope everything goes well with yours and um take care