Yeah, yeah. The contribution of the Mhm. Okay. They're blowing on you more sure, I mhm. Sure. Yeah, yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hi, I see.
Okay, I can hear you now, good. How are you?
That's good. Um Where are you from?
Of the south texas,
Okay, that's that's true, that's probably why I've been a nonstop with people from all over new york um Tennessee, I think. Before, so this first
person from the midwest, somebody from the California
too, I think.
Uh three that have been successful. A couple of no shows and one that didn't uh that cut off in the middle because of my internet. How about you?
I was nervous my first time, I was like, oh my God,
my God, I'm terrible at it because that you're good and comfortable with it. I get really fly. Don't talk to anybody for 25 minutes, not even my own mother.
Like,
do we even have anything in common? Uh Well, well, one thing we can talk about is the crazy elections lately, you know?
It's
good.
I believe there. Yeah, I know. I'm in texas in small town texas, so I'm surrounded by the enemy. You're not really the enemy, but that's kind of how I feel sometimes, but I don't
know. Maybe.
Yeah, it's pretty
bad. There's a lot of, I mean to the point where I'm afraid to tell people that I'm a democrat.
You don't
know.
too. I'm not necessarily like full democrat only recently because of trump, but before but raised republican and I have certain leanings, I come in like center, you know, right at the center, maybe left.
My
It
isn't.
it's nuts. It's just, I don't know. It's embarrassing for the Republican Party to in my opinion. Yeah.
Yeah. I guess it was saturday. I can't remember with all the different
yeah, I was really relieved. I think I heard it on the radio when I got up in the morning and I was just like, oh thank God. And then I heard that Cubans were voting for him and I was really confused about that. But apparently he was, you know, talking some rhetorical about communism this and you know, how had that all going on? So that might be why. But
two
me neither. I just heard it on the radio, so I was just okay. But yeah, I just follow the general general highlights and, you know, I really never was very political until recently. And I actually
thought that to myself, I've been saving all these political are articles and I'm like, man, am I getting old because I'm getting so political? I think it's just because of trump. I don't think it's really a reflection of something I'm into,
you know?
Fuck.
Mm. Yeah, it has been. Um and I think that's why biden won over Bernie as people are more comfortable with that and maybe that's safer anyways, the funny thing to me is trump. He really had if he had wanted to, he could have, you know, he if he had not gone, you know, maybe he's not capable of it, but had he been capable of it? You know, he could have changed things for the better because he's so I'm concerned about what everybody thinks, but no, I mean, I think what he's done is really devalue the very foundation of democracy. I find it it's scary to be honest.
What
And finally money to himself. Agreement.
Yeah. Particular man, Well, I agree. He's straight away from what republicans do for I think McCain knew that and that was interested in seeing him fight.
I don't really get on facebook, but I do read it, which, you know, you get the same maybe later. But yeah, I saw that speech and I thought it was a really good speech and everything. I wasn't paying attention much to it when he gave it. But yeah, I thought it was interesting. The difference is you could see between the two, you know, I've used them as different parties in my opinion. It's not the same at all the way they operate. Hello? Some of their goals are the same. Yeah. What do you feel about like with the religion and everything being tied into government?
You have
the bible,
Yeah, I guess
that's true. It's
know
what it, but neither should Christianity, we need more than that shit and if if they if we did want to incorporate religion, I wish that we would incorporate a more peaceful religion because Christianity.
you know, it just doesn't work with something like that and it's funny to me how it's according to religion, but not really because it's like white nationalist religion. It I mean if you replied well at least the new testament, it's not really based on the same foundations of moral beliefs that these people are and I grew up with people, they're out of their minds.
Yeah. No, I actually am similar to that. My dad is atheist and my mom is I guess agnostic and I wasn't raised with religion in the home, but rather than my dad was raised in a religious and his mother was, and she, so my grandmother tried to, and still that innocent, of course everybody you're surrounded with that school in the south is religion. So it wasn't something that I could avoid even though I wasn't raising that just, it really bothered me the, I don't know just how they contradict themselves. I think with the big problem. It
wasn't.
And
hate being a foundation of it, you know, and sometimes just like outright and it's not even just against racism, hate against people who are poor. Hey, it's all based on getting yours and leaving everybody else in the dust. And I just don't agree with that. And I don't think that it's communists to want to, uh, make
mean at the very least healthcare and home, you know, you can still have a vast difference in wealth with those things.
yeah and especially I just think how we treat our less fortunate women, Children, animals, elderly, the sick is what defines the nation and and I guess a lot of us younger people do think that even here in texas, so that's one thing that I have hope for is that things are gonna change in the next 30 years I think. What do you
Oh my god, isn't that sad that we have to say that
I'm going to join it again? But do you what do you think trump is going to do when um in january, do you think he's going to attempt a coup,
please?
I don't either, I've seen a lot of people comment that they think uh you know that he'll go to the Supreme Court while he can't because it hasn't even gone into the lower courts go up so I have no idea what's going to happen either, but it's making me a little nervous. Uh
What
do you think will happen if he does something?
I don't
know, I'm not political enough to know what whatever
it
is you might have. Uh
Do
you think,
isn't
it usually more terroristic violence than riots? So with that group and
any
worse?
Instead
of typing on?
I saw the same thing, except for the response was, yeah, but you guys just sent a pipe bomb to I don't know, massachusetts or something governor, which is true, you know, so it kind of that's why I said that terrorist thing because it's more like they're talking about, they're not writing but of course they're trying to kidnap, you know, representatives and sin pipe, I don't know. Which is worse.
And the extent of harm they're willing to cause to individuals and to um to the very system I think that's I think they're harmless is worse than writing. I also don't think a lot of the writing it was really the Black Lives Matter movement to begin with at all and shouldn't
be conflated.
Over in Dallas and san Antonio you had all these rich white nationalists leaving out pallets of bricks early in trying to incite violence. It wasn't, you know the riders leaving those. It was actually the other side. I thought that pissed me off a lot.
It's me off.
I think.
Pictures
Yeah it's all throughout it. Um I've always wondered how they would do that wouldn't require some sort of personality test. Can you test for that? You know? How do you how do you figure that out? It's
an
interesting,
Mr
Mhm.
Yeah, I think that's easy enough depend point or at least follow the paper trail and you know, everything's just crazy right now. Um Okay,
so do you have any pets?
all
he made it all the way. Huh, That's
great.
I was gonna say you must have had them for most of your life. I got four dogs and people will mark 10. One of them is six and the other is five
and
they're
out
of the mountains. Uh They're all rescues, so two of whom are and I worked in rescues and vets offices and everything so I can work with animals that are a little riskier to have And they're all rescues initially really aggressive. Um So two of them are half pitbull, half lab pit bulls, can be really aggressive. One of them is full pitbull and she's the least aggressive of all of them. And then the other one is actually, it's called an american dingo. It's uh it's a wild breed that came over across the Bering land straight from Asia about 15,000 years ago or so. You know, they're not really sure when, but it's the natural breed in the Americas with the american indians and everything and they only discovered them in the seventies, but they're starting to recognize them. And I actually uh I picked her up as a puppy off the bios out here in the middle of the night on time. But she's out of her mind, she's like a wild dog for sure.
They were about one years the two older, 10 year old dogs. They were um about a year old almost when I got him and out in the country, people just, you know, they don't take care of their animals. Animals just run water half the time. Well, you know, I don't like that. Well they can because I didn't have any other animals at the time other than a cat. So they came up, you know, and I gave them something to eat and they just wouldn't need, they never left. So
And
You
have a nephew dog? Mm
hmm.
I
can now. Okay, so she's uh she's movie chow chow mix with a golden retriever
maybe.
Oh, she's an old girl. That's,
I'm glad to hear that your family takes, you know, the responsibility of pets seriously. That's what I punch people by how well they took care of their pets. And if
it's
possible, you know, I like hearing when their animals are living into old age, you know what I mean out here. It's just, I don't know, it gets a little disturbing speaking to people after a while, making friends with people around here because they do not take care of their animals and it drives out of my mind. Um I have a neighbor right now. He has this horse and it keeps it at the back of the property where I like to hang out outside and so he's keeping it in the shed like all the time. You can't more right. I don't know much about horses, but I assume that it's supposed to go out into a field somewhere.
They
didn't
they
don't they don't appreciate life, you know and those are the kind of people I don't like and I know a lot of people tell me that's not right and you can't judge people by that but I do you know if you're that kind of person I just I don't even pretend to want to speak to you. I guess that's pretty bad though, you can't do it but they're just everywhere out here. The other neighbour, his dog ran through here the other day starving. I've been feeding it over the fence and
it's wasted like this. Then I just like I've decided to just take care of all their pets around here when I can. So I but food everywhere for him. I just I think it's a I I wasn't raised in the country, I was raised in in in the city and Houston so I'm just not used to it you know? I guess that's a cultural thing but it's a cultural thing I don't like their culture you know? Yeah.
exact I knew you were gonna say that. Uh huh.
Hit the
tops and you know it was 15 to 20 year commitment so you can't take it lightly and I be proud you and right now in the pandemic, everybody's cooped up in this small space so it's harder but you know maybe one day you'll fill up to it again. My aunt just lost her dog and she hasn't been able to do it again.
what if you if you do?
That's awful. I'm sorry my dad sick as well so um we've been dealing with the same, we're all terrified about corona you know right now. Was was he was that really did to Kelowna
if you don't.
My mom's brother died of pancreatic cancer. Really young as well. So a problem in my family as well. I'm sorry to hear that. That's
You
don't want
to
talk about?
clear the air and ask everything you might ever want to ask you know? Yeah.
Well
I'm just thinking about that you know my dad's been sick with he's got heart disease and stuff. So I've been thinking about the stuff that down the line I might you know I think to myself man I wish I asked him that or you know I wish I did this or that. Um One of the things that I'm thinking about getting in the D. N. A. Test. Have you ever think that? Uh
It's
kind
of funny. Yeah
they're
coming.
that's me.
Oh 23 me I did the ancestry but I'm kind of regretting it because I think 23 means better actually from since then it's gone a lot better.
Take
free.
it's
fine.
People
you want
it
mine too.
but they do more than that. They
do not just china but all the different groups in china and everything like the same for europe and africa and everywhere. I thought it was fun but my parents
are the same way. They're like we don't care. I'm like so frustrating. We found a long lost, well a girl that thinks that she was the daughter of my grandfather but I don't know it's a whole big intriguing story. I don't think she is. I think something else happened and we're going through this whole drama with it and everything now. I'm thinking maybe I don't want to be on there and having all these people contact me with old family secrets, but I don't want to know.
Uncalled to, yeah, I've been kind of weirded out with that aspect of it, I guess there, I don't know. I wonder if you can sign up to not have it. Thanks, Give your name away or give your profile at all to have a chump. That'd be interesting. I guess I'll look that up. Yeah, I don't feel the same way and but we already did it. So it's too late, you know? Yeah. So I was thinking maybe I'll do my dad too, because if he passes away then, you know, because you're a guy, you have your why, you know chromosome, you can test that you, but if my dad passes then that that's the end of our Y chromosome. So I've been thinking maybe that's been tested. It's silly. A lot of people don't like
it. Uh
If,
Just
one.
A whole another world. Yeah. You know, that's weird for me too. I, I've seen pictures of my dad, he had me when he was a little bit older and when he was younger and stuff. And it's weird to think about my dad younger.
That's weird.
I was the one on purpose and my sister was the accident. I'd like to remind her about that. Yeah.
Which is good because then they might not so they don't, I had a problem cashing out last time. And I think it was because I was right there, so that's good. But it was really nice to talk to you.
Um, I had a really great time talking to you and I'm glad it went, it went over so well not all of them have in the past,
I'm
really awkward, so if it wasn't as bad as you thought, then we got lucky. But it was really nice to talk to you. And I I'm sorry to hear about your dad and I wish you like all the luck in the world going forward.
You too. Bye bye.