Uh huh. Mhm. Right, okay. Home
I
can. Can you hear me sure?
All
I'm Suzanne, nice to meet you. You're my first conversation.
I'm gonna I'm gonna hit a timer. I started a timer. Yeah
pretty good. We have a lot of rain and flash flooding. It's very it's a very dark day here so
it
doesn't doesn't make me very, you know, alert and life. Yeah.
I'm in north Carolina
I think
from a hurricane. Right?
Yeah, I mean I I think it's related to that I don't
live
most so you know it's not like a direct hurricane but we get rain for you are
It's more don't move.
I'm a
rap, wow, cargo gets cold.
That's funny. I'm from Kansas city Missouri. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah and I moved here about seven years ago and I quickly adapted to, I don't want snow, we get snow, but um but I don't want it,
my job. Yeah, yep. And we love it, it's good. Yeah.
No, no, I mean I've seen my people but I don't want to, I don't want to move back.
No way. I love Kansas city but but now because
of
Yeah a lot of people moved to Kansas city and absolutely love it. One of my best friends moved from Hawaii in the city and they love it
now.
it was it was for his job. Yeah. I mean they went to school, they, she grew up in texas but and then they and he he grew up in Hawaii and they were living in Hawaii and then um came to Kansas city. Yeah and they don't plan to go anywhere else now. I mean she really is a wonderful place but I don't, I don't want to go back very warm with corona.
North Carolina hasn't decided we were very slow to open to. Um and restaurants are open at limited capacity but are horrible. So
I can't imagine that we're going to keep this going. But my family
is home to roughly.
My family just stays home. Yes we can. My husband works from home. Um, I mean he didn't before, but right when it started in March, his company sent everyone home to work and so he's, he's doing his full job just normal and I didn't have a job and my I have two young adult kids and they're here. We're
all,
we've been here. Well my oldest came home for spring break from college and never went back. He was, he packed up enough to come home for a week and then his school went online
and it was then many months before we went and cleaned out his apartment and he he finished school and did not have a graduation and mm.
And
it's not,
Yeah. Yeah, he was he was really sad. We all were um it was hard for him to finish up his classes. It was he had huge projects
that were for no um to finish up and he was having to do it. Oh, you disappeared. Are you there?
I just can't see you. I have a black box with a silhouette in it. Uh huh. But anyway he was he was able to finish everything up and uh I don't know, he's you know, he can't find a job, none of that. So my youngest son, it was is in community college and he lost his job italy in March. Yeah, his school went online and he's still been online and now he's planning to go away to college in May. He starts for the summer semester. He's he apparently it's going to happen, so.
Yeah. Mm hmm.
it's
heroin.
Thank
you. Yesterday and tomorrow the cat went yesterday. The dog goes tomorrow.
Other time. Yeah. It's just their their regular
no routine stuff. Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you live alone?
Okay. So you have, you're not,
Yeah. So san Francisco your numbers are skyrocketing or
It's so frustrating.
Yes. This is so weird.
Like
I never got through a pandemic. It just, yeah. Uh
huh.
Even when it was coming, I didn't get it like in March we went to the airport to pick up my my son's friend who was flying from florida for his spring break. We went
to the airport to pick him up on the day that the governor of north Carolina declared a state of emergency. Like I just like I didn't see it coming like really now. But um and so I mean he was with us for night for nine days and then he flew back home and by the time he flew back home like the airlines weren't flying a whole lot. It was it was so weird like it happened so fast.
it is,
I feel like it will be spring.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. I mean I think for me it's been a gift in many ways because I have my kids, my ordinary, you know, I wouldn't have, you know um my son that was graduating, we figured that, I mean he assumed that he was going to be getting a job and moving somewhere for a job right after graduation, like he wasn't planning on moving back home. Here he is. Oh, I mean I guess yeah, somehow and somehow my whole family has lost weight. We've lost 100 and £15 total.
It's we just kind of like all like one person started tracking calories on an app and then the rest of us did, I mean three of us definitely have it to lose anyway. So it's not, you know that that shocking. But I mean a lot of people are gaining weight. We're
well well look very trim
but but yeah, we've we've all lost some the guy's lost more than me because it's easy for them. But
after.
We're walking a lot. We go for lots of walks.
And
do they in an apartment or something?
no.
Yeah. Yeah. It's been pretty nice. I asked about the dog because we have an old dog to she he's 13. But we do we just like open the back door and he runs out into the backyard. We couldn't do that if we lived in the city. Yes.
huh. He's a yorkie matt a little. Yeah.
Yeah. We adopted him, him and his his twin. I mean they look like twins and they had been rescued together. Um And they were 1.5 about 1.5 and about 2.5 at the time. So we had them for a long time.
They were they were two peas in a pod. We lost the older one uh two years ago now and his little body is healthy as can be. Yeah.
He came out of his show when it friend died. His friend was very alpha and and his and yeah his his buddy dog was my absolute best friend. it's so sad to say. I mean I do have human friends but I felt so not wrong. Uh huh. And I wasn't really close to to dexter that we still have. Um Yeah because he just wasn't he just wasn't like his outgoing but he lost it and then he became he became a dog.
Well that's certainly, that's
funny.
Yeah, I thought about after we lose dexter maybe we want to just like an adopt an older dog. I've seen um those programs and I don't know,
Moment.
Yeah. Yeah. I didn't think that was a cat person, I didn't want to cat, but my son, well my one of my good friends rescued a mama cat and her baby and we ended up taking the mama cat, she was less than a year old when we got her and she had already had had kittens there. Um But my son is very attached to her and he's the one that's going off to college and so he's going to be leaving her with us.
he's just I'm worried about because they're so attached and he's sad about you know leaving her and he's talked about maybe he could get an apartment off campus and but we now we looked at the financing of that and it's pretty expensive. So
Hey the cat you know the deposit for the cat and extra for the cat?
I don't want to do that but I'm she's I'm looking at her right now she's like over in the corner we've all gotten very attached to her.
ordinary. I think
I think it may be I mean you've you've come and gone a couple of times and now
you're blurry.
some it could be it could be
mine.
I'm going
on,
who knows? Okay
well
that's
good.
Oh goodness. Well I'm gonna cook dinner, we're gonna have fish and chips. Um
And
I need
to make,
yeah yeah it's 3 20 here. Um And so I need to work on groceries and my big um hobby I guess is genealogy. And I'm working on my husband's like four times great grandparents researching them. And so that's what I did earlier today and I'll do a bit more later,
how about you?
But
more
um I use ancestry dot com. Um I've been a member of ancestry for probably 10 years now um And I use family search dot org that's free. Um Yeah
um they have trillions of records and so um the main the main sources census records and they are available up to 1940 right now in two years, the 1950 census will be available to us. Uh huh. And you can look up and see high sun. I'm busy. Okay thank you. Your hair looks good. Yeah. Yeah. Um Mhm. Um Anyway since this records because they'll have parents with their Children so you can connect one generation to the next. Often with census records. Um Birth certificates, death certificates, find a grave is a huge website that has photos of graves
the volunteers have taken and
then they
real for the person. Um And you can connect people to their their siblings and their parents and their Children and spouses that way too.
And
ancestry has international records for sure. Um
You have to pay extra for that and I haven't done any of that kind of research. There you go. Um Yeah
it's it's um slow genealogy
is
you should go a free trial on ancestry and you just put it than yourself
and then you put in your parents and then get you'll get hence. Mhm. Taken. I mean you can you can put in as far as
you know and then it'll just um you know you'll get hence and you can go out you can't trust the hence you have to make accurate directly for the person you're you think. Yeah. Absolutely.
No. Mhm. I mean there's there's some crimes I found out that my my two times great grandfather served at the Missouri State penitentiary ah
in like 1900 steve avery
people yeah
1900
very important. So yeah
I
not an excuse and most of the stuff is pretty boring but
yeah I like it. I like I like figuring out the puzzle making.
No
no it's it's it's um over 10 years. Um My mother died in 2010 and um my parents divorced when I was five and we moved in with my my mother's parents and so we lived in that house with them and my grandparents both died and then mother died in the same house and when my brother and I were going through all the stuff we found like pictures from my grandfather's family that were from the late 18 hundreds. All right marked
with who they were. So um and that kind of started it.
Yeah.
You
Start
down now interview.
Well you need to interview him before he's gone too because yeah I don't have anybody by the time I started both of my parents were gone and my grandparents were all gone. Star whoops that's our 25 minutes is up.
has been
Mhm. I don't know what we're supposed to do now though.
Yeah. Mhm. Okay. So I think I just have to go back to the last screen I was on and hit the blue button and uh and I think it will end this well it
was so nice feeling to know you,
stay safe and good luck with that school.