Hello?
Can you hear me?
yeah, I can hear you. Nice
to meet you. I'm mindy.
Yeah, you are as well, a little bit nervous but it seems like everything is going well. Let me see here. Okay. Yeah, so I think we are supposed to have a conversation for 25 minutes now.
Um so you said your name was Suzanne. Suzanne, how's your day going?
My
gosh,
Where are you located?
Oh, okay. Okay. Is
it?
huh.
my
gosh.
Um It's a little chilly. I have my electric blanket on my lap.
I am just outside of san Francisco, so it's finally getting cold here in California as well. It's like what's in the fifties? Um I'm in the suburb just south of the city and honestly, I'm originally from Chicago, but this weather is too cold for me, I
think
it really does. Um And I've been living here for about five years and I'm completely adapted winter. It's winter. I say that in quotations and I'm like freezing out here.
really? So
the midwest.
it's federal, what brought you from the mid bus to Carolina?
but would you ever go back?
I wouldn't either.
I have
I have a couple friends who just moved to Missouri Kansas city um it's a big change I would say from out here, but they seem to love it and I can't say I know much about the city besides um Kay, see where my friend goes. Yeah.
First for
school or for a job,
I'm doing okay. A lot of self quarantining, as far as the protocol in san Francisco is going where we opened indoor dining or a little bit you are actually on the the most lenient of the gradual reopening stages and so we opened up indoor dining and were quickly shutting that down now.
All
I mean,
what was that?
They're
at home with you now?
I don't want to stay,
does he feel about that? Because I know a couple of my friends with younger siblings there, especially, I do feel bad for the incoming class this year who are just starting college and they are
excited
to move into dorms and it's a totally different experience for them.
Yeah, I'm trying
why did I can still hear you? Oh,
fingers crossed. We're keeping our fingers crossed. Um,
I, so prior to coronavirus, I was working at an animal hospital as yeah, I was working as a veterinary assistant. Um I'm actually currently a like a aspiring veterinarian,
I'll say that I'm in the middle of interviewing for vet school and
Yeah, but as soon as coronavirus hit, things really changed around the hospital. Um For one I don't know if you have any pets, are you taking your pets to the vet recently? But
Western
Oh my gosh. Are they? Okay? I hope so.
Oh routine stuff.
Okay that's good. Um But it's all curbside now so no one's allowed in the hospital a lot of stuff over the phone which is just there's a lot of phone tag going on. I'll say it's like let me let me ask the doctor and then like 10 minutes later you're like oh hello, are you still there? Like I can't find your car outside. Um
And then once coronavirus started there were actually a couple of cases at my hospital. I didn't feel very safe going to work is unfortunately we do have to stay there the whole time. You're working in very close proximity with all your co workers. So I stay at home for a bit. I went part time now. I'm just doing we call them relief shifts just when it's it's when we're short staffed, which is pretty pretty often but trying to stay home because I'm scared. But
um I live with three housemates.
lived with housemates. That's another reason to I was the only one who whose job would require me to go into like the physical office. Everyone else is able to work from home. So I did feel like I could buy one just be responsible, try to limit my exposure to other people as best as I could. And obviously my housemates are great, they're very understanding, but I was the only one who is being exposed to lots of outside people but we're trying our best and hopefully we can ride this out.
The Bay Area actually actually has been doing pretty well in comparison with southern California in L. A. But still rising just like the rest of the country. I think
it really is.
It is it is weird.
All
Yeah,
me neither.
I mean
You know what else is really tripping me out though? Is that time our our perception of time while we're in quarantine is completely warped it.
I'm not when I think back on the past six months it feels like nothing has happened at all.
Yeah. Absolutely. Like March or May or something like that. Um And I was reading about this and interestingly enough, someone told me that
the reason that that's happening is because our day to day lives are so similar and nothing much is changing, that we're not forming meaningful memories. So it seems like time is passing so quickly and we think back and like nothing has happened, which is a little bit sad.
Has it been a family, like a family goal?
I'm definitely one of them.
Thanks.
Yeah, I was, I was joking around for my brothers, but I was saying that quarantine unfortunately has been long enough for me to first get motivated to be like I'm gonna emerge a different person, like more fit, like totally in shape and then it's been so long that there was
not kind to me to get out of shape, like back at square one. Mhm.
Uh huh It's nice. My my, you know my mom back home, she's spending a little bit of time with my brother and this is the one time of year where they're like fighting over who's going to walk the dog. My
dog is super old now, so she doesn't actually enjoy walking that much. Um but she goes out like twice a day and my mom and my brother are taking turns specifically to walk her. So funny. Yeah.
Um so my mom, my brother lives in an apartment in Chicago with other housemates, but he does go and check on my mom, who's, I think she's 6 65 this year and she lives alone in like a little townhouse. So they spend more time together than the rest of us get to like see our mom. It's
really nice that you have your family with you because as I've gotten older, I realized that there's almost no time to go home and I'm sure that parents are very very grateful for this time with their family right now.
that's true. What kind of dog do you have? A big dog?
there's a little one.
Most of their bonded.
That's good to hear. He wasn't he wasn't emotionally stressed or anything.
I think that's the case that my dog as well, I got her when she was pretty little and we had another similarly sized dog. Um They played and she was growing up, she didn't really bond with humans that much to be honest. She definitely just enjoyed playing with the other pets. And then after we lost the other dog she also came out of her shell. Now she's a sassy little Brett, she's a grandma but she has an attitude for sure.
Do
you have a soft spot for older animals? So I think they get cuter with age?
It's gonna be, it's tough to handle but I think it's a great program especially like they have hospice um adoptable dogs where they'll they might necessarily or not necessarily be very healthy, but the programme will sponsor and subsidize any costs that they need for medical wise. And then in return you just give them a home for them, make them comfortable for the remaining years of their life. I encourage my mom to do that because she's also having the same concerns about our dog who's 15.5 now. Um I was like I think it would be really, really tough for her. You
grow attached so quickly. I love dog.
Oh what is the face for? What are your reactions?
It is, it is expensive.
Extra rent per month can be like a couple 100 sometimes. Yeah.
Yeah, that's the same with me, I didn't have any cats growing up, but as soon as I spent time with them, I think as soon as you bring them into your family, you develop a soft spot pretty quickly. Look, you're getting a little choppy on me,
just a little blurry. I wonder if it's my wifi.
interesting.
Great,
I'm
still here you go
there
now.
what do you have going
on for
the rest
of the day?
Oh yeah, that's
later
over
there, I forgot.
that's
Um Today, let's see, it's about 12 noon. I just had yeah, I just finished an interview this morning and I think about at five, I have like a a student panel I have to attend. Um Okay other than that just gonna make food honestly
I'm hungry then.
But that's so cool you said you were working on genealogy so what kind of resources are available if you want to look into that?
So I guess this just sounds pretty basic but I really have no knowledge of. Yes so on websites like ancestry dot com how do they where is that information from?
great
I don't
know.
Is it primarily for people in the US or do they have international records or might be a little
bit harder I imagine
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Good
thing we have time.
What?
Work.
you have you unearthed any surprises about your family?
okay.
Wait for for course delivery?
that's
so interesting.
That's how
yes what fun fact about your family?
it's interesting to know.
huh did you just start this hobby and quarantine or was this always an interest
for you?
What
that's really cool,
that's really really cool actually I do
find myself um kind of wishing them more stories and my family were passed down because my parents for sure they had a totally different upbringing than me. Um Both of my parents grew up in Taiwan and yeah but I so my parents divorced when I was pretty young too and my father passed away already so I do feel like there was a lot of stories and like experiences that I didn't get to hear. It would be really really cool to find those
out. And my
Yeah and my dad's dad is 95 years old and I just saw him recently and he is kicking it, He's great, he's doing awesome, he's talking, he's dancing, I'm like I need to know the secret.
wow. Time is slowing by and
this has been really fun. It was a lot less nerve wracking than I expected. Um
Yes sir, let me see.
Well
yeah it really was. Thanks so much for sharing your hobby with me. It's awesome.
Thank you so much. You too. Bye.