SPEAKER_R: I really hope firstly there he is going Mhm
SPEAKER_L: That's going on about yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Good good. My name is chuck
SPEAKER_L: chuck. I'm mad
SPEAKER_R: man. Where you at matt?
SPEAKER_L: out in cold michigan,
SPEAKER_R: Michigan Oh wow, I'm on the other side of the glove there, I'm on I'm over in Oregon Mhm. You can't protect
SPEAKER_L: out west
SPEAKER_R: you. Yeah, I'm running the California border
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: pretty much less.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, So you don't do any of these or
SPEAKER_L: Uh yeah I've done one.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: It's an interesting social experiment. Um General it seems different. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: it's interesting, I've met some interesting people, I mean I've met a doctor, I've met Environmental
SPEAKER_L: it looks
SPEAKER_R: tonight.
SPEAKER_L: like your video might have cut out there,
SPEAKER_R: Oh did it? I hope not. How am I doing now? Can you see me? Hello, let me know if you can hear me,
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you but I don't have video.
SPEAKER_R: Wonder what's up with that? Never had a problem with it before. Okay, where's what
SPEAKER_L: at least I can hear you there so so
SPEAKER_R: I can? I think I've signed up for eight of these so far or no, nine of them so far I've done for and five of more no shows Mhm And five of the no shows were like in a row, I was like, oh my God, Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean I guess things should happen and you know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they could have very well finished what you know how many times they could do it and they still had one scheduled so they couldn't do the number eight, you know what I mean? Like sometimes you'll schedule for two, I don't know how you did it, did you schedule for two spots or
SPEAKER_L: I think it only scheduled one at a time.
SPEAKER_R: see I thought you could do more than that. Uh I thought you could I thought when I read the thing and said you can do it for but I only did it to because last time I did it for and it didn't work every time I kept wiping out my appointment every time I'd make a new one I wipe out the one for that day on accident. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I thought from my understanding was if you finished one then you could sign up for another one and you have to give a new schedule of
SPEAKER_R: maybe
SPEAKER_L: like availability.
SPEAKER_R: that's what I did, I misunderstood because uh I never seem to meet up with somebody on these, a bad bad luck. So,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: so I came up with a list of 250 questions if you want to go through those.
SPEAKER_L: oh a cow that's
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: we don't have to answer them, but give us something to fucking talk about
SPEAKER_L: rush.
SPEAKER_R: for my language. They probably they probably don't want to hear that. Um Here, let's we'll just we'll give us something to talk. Mm hmm. Let's see what we got here. Where'd you go on your last vacation? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I am a workaholic and going to school, so vacation is not in my vocabulary.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my vacations are about going to the Coast 50 miles away. It's
SPEAKER_L: but once you get
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: go I
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: made
SPEAKER_R: then,
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Well, let's see here.
SPEAKER_L: so with you being in Oregon um one of my buddies lives out there
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: and he said you guys have passed uh
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: some interesting laws
SPEAKER_R: measure 1 10,
SPEAKER_L: Is that the decriminalization one or?
SPEAKER_R: yep. Become the first state in the country to Everything becomes $100 ticket now. Yeah. So it's not exactly legal, but it's decriminalized,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's it's uh here in michigan, we had the uh the hash bash which is like a big pot one and everybody in ann arbor all the college kids, especially like it's just the data smoke part and you don't want, you want to be dumb, you won't be stupid blessings don't get behind the wheel, it's all I care about. You know like
SPEAKER_R: you tell.
SPEAKER_L: part of your brains out, sleep it off, it's your Doritos whatever and the cops out there are just like yeah, if you're being too stupid, we're going to be a ticket for jaywalking. But today it's like legal now that it's like becoming either more legal or just decriminalized. It's like if you get caught with it, it's a fine, but it doesn't end your
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: life, it doesn't make you a felon. It doesn't because once you get a felon, nobody wants to hire a felon, you know, like,
SPEAKER_R: Very can't vote. You get a gun. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: you can't do nothing. And
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: for the harder drugs, maybe it should still be criminalized. But the weak ones, the hippie ones, you know what
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't give a damn about most things. I mean, I'm kind of libertarian art as far as, you know, screw taxes and uh make everything legal. Everybody else decide what they can do what they want to do. We're all big, we're all people are all adults. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: if if if you're going to legalize it all, just tax it all. I mean, you already taxing the booze and cigarettes, just tax it,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: we, yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I think the the tax here is pretty good. They make they make a killing off of it, I'm sure is, you know, I got a buddy in Kalamazoo and I'm sure they're making a ton of money off it there too. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: some of the taxes are from the sales are supposed to be going to obviously, you know, some of the routes to the state, but then like someone's supposed to be routing towards like the educational routes and you're like, You know what, for the adults who are over 18, if you want to pay and chip into education, so we don't have future stupid people. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: like that's not a horrible thing. That seems
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: decent,
SPEAKER_R: in an interview.
SPEAKER_L: you know the kids are,
SPEAKER_R: No, that's a friend.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I told him I needed, needed to quiet, so of course they want to knock on the damn door.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm surprised I don't have a
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: kid barging yet. So I got you.
SPEAKER_R: got kids, you got a bunch of them or?
SPEAKER_L: uh got to and then uh the dogs, oh
SPEAKER_R: What? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: since being grounded and stuck at home
SPEAKER_R: Okay. No, it's not complicated.
SPEAKER_L: um the dogs have developed like separation anxiety So now if I like go to the bathroom there at the door waiting for me, it's like dudes like come, I was going 30 seconds like it's not that bad. And um the one, we had one dog and we got a puppy now because you know what else you gonna do when you're bored at home? Um Like he was created when everybody goes to work in school, well now has been created in bonds. He looks at the crate like it's jail. I was like, dude, this was your favorite place, this is where you took your nap, like it's not an evil place,
SPEAKER_R: There's nothing to do with it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, doesn't want nothing to do with it. And uh he was a puppy a couple months ago now. He's almost one, he doesn't know what it's like and it's like if we ever do go back to normal life again, they're going to think we hate them or punishing them because they've fallen out
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: of his routine.
SPEAKER_R: sure kids are going to feel that way too. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they're gonna be like what I got to go to school, I gotta get dressed this week, what you mean?
SPEAKER_R: Are you, are you guys doing a full schedule? They're your kids your mm.
SPEAKER_L: They're doing a hybrid
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: so they
SPEAKER_R: over.
SPEAKER_L: go one day and then stay home and supposedly if the numbers um of covid were like looking bad or if they had an outbreak they're going to be like yep, no, virtual. Um I just saw new york went virtual, they're just like yeah no shit is
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: getting bad, yep. So they're totally virtual. Um I think a couple counties have gone totally virtual now because they're having spikes in the area so they're just like nope, everybody stay home.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We just had our governor just announced a lockdown today. We're going back to Square one.
SPEAKER_L: Is it like like
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: like the full lockdown
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: again?
SPEAKER_R: Well, the only thing that's really different is that you can pick up takeout. I don't think you couldn't hear for the first lockdown. But everything besides that gender closed restaurants, close schools have closed. Everything is closed. I mean schools are open, but they have to be do the hybrid thing or whatever besides that. We're back pretty much back to square one.
SPEAKER_L: I know a couple of our um local restaurants and breweries and stuff, they were doing like curbside pickup like pretty quick and lot of them like converted some outside dining. And it's like but we're michigan, we're about to get like a foot of snow, like I don't see anybody eating outside. I'm sorry guys like I'm trying to order from you, I'll pick it up but like
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know how these places are going to try to survive. I mean they went we closed them down, we open them up to 25% now. We're shutting them back. I just don't see these restaurants survive and we'll probably have burger kings and McDonald's everywhere from now on. That's just it. Car.
SPEAKER_L: yeah because the drive throughs um
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the fast food places, they all half were open because obviously could do the drive thru just not go inside.
SPEAKER_R: And you get the majority of a fast food businesses coming through the drive thru anyway so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if like another stainless package would it would help but I don't know like the levels like I don't know if they're going to do a new nationwide lockdown. You gotta unfortunately pay some people's bills, you know, like not everybody can be
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: working.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't see if you can send the whole country and make it the whole country almost.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't I don't see any of that working and I think this is the year I've gotten the most into
SPEAKER_R: Me
SPEAKER_L: politics like trying to pay attention.
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: So when they say like oh you know we're gonna send you another stimulus check, it's like that was gone but for some people had in their bank account like but that
SPEAKER_R: It's already
SPEAKER_L: Borbidge
SPEAKER_R: gone.
SPEAKER_L: painted for
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: some people,
SPEAKER_R: haven't even signed or passed yet. That's already gone. Everybody's is because
SPEAKER_L: yep. Oh yeah it was such a I don't want to call it nothing but for some people it was their house payment that they were about to miss and then it's out and um you know now they're like oh we'll send you like a $400.1 and you're like that's groceries for my dogs, that's not even going to feed me and the family like
SPEAKER_R: No it
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: isn't.
SPEAKER_L: know it's and then uh who was it? Andrew yang was like send everybody five grand, send them all home for the month that should cover everything and it's like
SPEAKER_R: I like Andrea and I do want to do, I didn't vote for him, but I like him
SPEAKER_L: He had, I don't know if the radical or they're just outside of the normal political spectrum that were just like honestly sounded good and sounded great but then it's like well who's gonna,
SPEAKER_R: pay
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: we'll pay for it or you know voted in or whatever, you know, it's kind of like what the green new deal, There's a lot of stuff in there that you're like,
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: wow, you know, okay, climate change, let's not blow up the earth, we still want to live here, we don't want to really kill it off too much. But then you look at the price tag and you're like uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: for like 0.3% of one degree that it will change or something like that's what they're decimating like 10.3
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: of 1% or one degree or something like that. That's a whole lot of money. Like three trillion or something I think they're saying or nine trillion or something like that. I don't know what it was. Nine trillion worldwide or
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It was, it was up there and if you're like, okay, what can we actually change? Um you know, I look around my house and I'm like, we really need to buy
SPEAKER_R: Time.
SPEAKER_L: another blender. No, okay, you know? But like how do you, because we're all consumers will consume something. How do you cut down on stuff that you don't really really need any more to try and make an impact? Because if you're like, I'm gonna swear off buying New TVs, but every 10 years I'm gonna try and cut down on plastic and electrical manufacturing waste because it it's got to make ways to make that plastic tv. But my neighbor likes to buy a new tv every year, black friday says jam and he goes by someone, you know, it's like, well I'm not offsetting anything,
SPEAKER_R: exact yeah, that's what I was just thinking.
SPEAKER_L: you know? Um I look at vehicles, I look at um, Oh hey, you know this pres can get 40 miles to the gallon, But you know, this mustang only gets 20. Yeah, but which one is more fun?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And that the damage that it takes creating the batteries to make the hybrid more environmentally devastating than the fossil fuel industry.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, there's, there's trade offs like that. Like if you go, okay, well we're going to switch to electric vehicles, well now we can change the road, not the road, but like uh we need a power grid and it's getting there. But I wouldn't rely on, it's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: not like if we were to drive across the country every 100 miles, there's a gas station even
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: even through,
SPEAKER_R: not a very populated states. So there isn't a lot of incentive to put a lot of those everywhere. We only have four million people in this state. So it's not a whole lot of and it's a big state, so,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And can you imagine like driving through, once you get through like Ohio indiana going south, I don't see Tennessee or Kentucky putting in a bunch of charging stations, You start Cotton West. If you're going through like Wisconsin north Dakota, South Dakota, like going through the plains. That's boring farmland. You're lucky to find gas stations out there, let alone charging stations. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like our whole east side here, the whole east side of the state is just high desert. So, I mean, if you want, but it's half the state. So if you go to that side of the state, there's nothing over there. I mean, I can't imagine those guys trying to have a electric car, they probably only be able to charge at home.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So to me to get, especially our nation to switch is such a huge feet. I don't know where to start, where it would be possible and I was, I'm not an expert, but you know, like we have so many differences in thoughts. I, I don't, I don't know where we're going. It's, it's,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My biggest concern is what impact it, what if the trade off would ever be worth it economically? You know, I I don't know that. It would, I understand we have to do something. I just don't know that doing something without just to do it isn't gonna help anything.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Because if we, let's say we go, okay, we're going to get rid of oil and gas production. Well, that's unfortunately a big industry.
SPEAKER_R: Big industry
SPEAKER_L: and oil and gas is still needed for all the manufacturing that we do. You know, it's what runs the machines, You need plastics for everything. So you're never gonna get away from the whole industry. But if you switched it to say solar, well okay you can then say all the oil jobs are not going to turn to solar jobs because people got to build the panels, people got installed, the panels keep up the repair of the panels, but that's all manufacturing waste too. So are we really getting any better?
SPEAKER_R: now you're
SPEAKER_L: And.
SPEAKER_R: just trading one bad thing for another is what it feels like. I mean that's what I mean. I mean it's great to feel good and be doing something but if you're doing something that doesn't really have any value you're just doing it it's just lip service. You're not really accomplishing anything. I mean most of these batteries that are you know we're being mined or lithium minded like Afghanistan or something. Which is the reason we stay there you know is because they have lithium you know they have some of the biggest deposits of lithium on the planet. So we stay in Afghanistan and that's why we're there
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: for that.
SPEAKER_L: what happens when that runs out?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I was just reading about him batteries there that they're doing the thing with him batteries and apparently they they last nine times longer than a lithium battery.
SPEAKER_L: And of course hampers a renewable resource. Um And help is using other industries and sort of cotton replacement or substitute. It's um I've seen it in some weird food products, I don't know if I would be down for trying it or eating it but
SPEAKER_R: Well, I can't see the oil or something.
SPEAKER_L: uh not just empty the way but um it wasn't beyond burger of um one of the new weird uh fake veggie burgers. There was one that was supposed to be like a lot of P. And hemp as a protein
SPEAKER_R: sorry
SPEAKER_L: source.
SPEAKER_R: about that. This thing was making all kinds of pops and clicks. I couldn't hardly hear what you're saying. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah like one of the fake burgers, uh vegan burgers like it was supposed to be peas and hemp were the main like protein source. And I've tried a couple of legislators, they're not the same,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: I would love to not have to eat beef or not eat beef. I don't have to eat beef, but I like beef. But these these
SPEAKER_L: six.
SPEAKER_R: fake ones, they just ain't you in the ballroom? I tried I've tried three or four of them and I don't know what you call them, but they don't taste like meat to me.
SPEAKER_L: No, no there's one that looked good but it was still that same taste.
SPEAKER_R: I've seen that look at not are, you know close facsimile uh But they sure as hell didn't taste like and I don't know that. Who knows what it is really? I mean, it's a chemical process. They used to make it so who knows what they used to bind it or whatever. Just another industry through a process crap out is uh Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yep. And and as we're talking replacing one industry for another, you say, okay we can replace cows on this and now you got a farm and farming is lot of agriculture, a lot of water, a lot of
SPEAKER_R: No matter.
SPEAKER_L: not a ton of machinery but
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: you know it's.
SPEAKER_R: one thing about him is is the high, it needs a lot of water compared to most crops. I mean a lot lot because we have a lot of growers around this whole I don't know how it is in michigan you guys, your outdoor season is probably isn't as long as ours, but here it's it's everywhere. It's everything the without that in this area I can't even imagine because it's such a rural area and everything's paid for basically with hot out here. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Trying to open up franchise or something, ship it across the states
SPEAKER_R: if they could, I'd be a rich man because it's dirt cheap here. I mean it's like $600 a pound, which is like half the price of the rest of the country now make it legal the whole country wide and I might get into it until then.
SPEAKER_L: when they first were legalizing growers. Mhm. You had to go through a process that would not be a felon and you can only grow 10 plants or something. One of my body was like, yeah, yeah, I'll do it. And was doing it for a little while and he went and bought another house just to convert the basement to grow and I was like Off 10 plants. That's, I had a couple of other buddies who grew through college and gruel for themselves. Then the other hand, a little surprised by like 10 pants alone,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: a huge amount maybe all year if you get to something that still didn't seem as a lot. And he's like no, but you can only sell to dispensaries and medical places
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: the power.
SPEAKER_L: they have to pay a premium. I was like, oh because yeah, I bought another house to have another address because it's paying my house payment in that house payment.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was actually in on a big medical grow back in 2008 that got raided by the D. A. It was real interesting time and it was all illegal quasi legal state, you know in the state. But the feds jumped in and Because it was 99 plants so they came and got my buddy who I was working with and he did five years for it and it's legal here. But it ain't legal for the Feds.
SPEAKER_L: so it pretty much got too big. Keep
SPEAKER_R: ignore, ignore basically. That's what it is because the first thing they did was they went looking flipping everything over for money. That's all they wanted money. That's like they kept asking that's all they kept asking every single person separately about the money. Where's the money? It's like there is no money, that's why what was happening was happening. Everybody is poor here, that's what brought us to this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it's it's unfortunate is because there is such either a stigma or war on it or it is technically a cash cow for everybody involved, including the cops. Mhm. That it just seems to, I don't know that really changed but then you guys are the first ones to being criminalized and the like he saw the bid to colorado when they become lies, marijuana made illegal, their tourism skyrocketed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You guys go you guys got a major influx of people to people just move
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: in there.
SPEAKER_L: yep. And it's like you know he wanted to really secretly revitalize the state. That would be something that let's get some people motivated to move out there, make it happen and then of course people are living there, they got to spend on the local economies. Yeah we got to eat, they gotta go grocery shopping I mean.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's what I was saying about locally here being everything seems to be dependent on it. I can't imagine without this industry because we lost timber and once we lost timber, it was dead here forever until cannabis became legal again. And it's kind of picked up steam. But uh they gave every here, they didn't have a very high uh you didn't you just needed to pay for it and you could become a grower, that's all you had to do. There wasn't like other states will be like, you pay $5000 to become a tier one or two or two or two or three grower and here they just let everybody do it. And so it became everybody's growing weed and so we'd like $500 a pound here. It's not even worth growing. You know, a lot of people, they spend all their mother, you know, their entire life money or the money they made over their lives, invested in this just to find out everybody's doing it. So it ain't worth nothing every year. I see it every year I see people come from out of state invest in grows here and then the next year they're gone. I mean people gotta be making money just off that, just going every year going, hey, I'll buy that back for me for half price.
SPEAKER_L: Oh man. Well hopefully this he is more good come out of it than some of the potential downside buzz.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It looks like we've hit our limit. We are at 25 minutes. It was good chatting with you. Time flies when you're talking about drugs. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: the country,
SPEAKER_R: Indeed. You have a good one.