I really hope firstly there he is going Mhm
Good good. My name is chuck
man. Where you at matt?
Michigan Oh wow, I'm on the other side of the glove there, I'm on I'm over in Oregon Mhm. You can't protect
you. Yeah, I'm running the California border
Mhm
Yeah, So you don't do any of these or
what?
it's interesting, I've met some interesting people, I mean I've met a doctor, I've met Environmental
tonight.
Oh did it? I hope not. How am I doing now? Can you see me? Hello, let me know if you can hear me,
Wonder what's up with that? Never had a problem with it before. Okay, where's what
I can? I think I've signed up for eight of these so far or no, nine of them so far I've done for and five of more no shows Mhm And five of the no shows were like in a row, I was like, oh my God, Mhm,
Yeah, they could have very well finished what you know how many times they could do it and they still had one scheduled so they couldn't do the number eight, you know what I mean? Like sometimes you'll schedule for two, I don't know how you did it, did you schedule for two spots or
see I thought you could do more than that. Uh I thought you could I thought when I read the thing and said you can do it for but I only did it to because last time I did it for and it didn't work every time I kept wiping out my appointment every time I'd make a new one I wipe out the one for that day on accident. Mhm.
maybe
that's what I did, I misunderstood because uh I never seem to meet up with somebody on these, a bad bad luck. So,
so I came up with a list of 250 questions if you want to go through those.
Well,
we don't have to answer them, but give us something to fucking talk about
for my language. They probably they probably don't want to hear that. Um Here, let's we'll just we'll give us something to talk. Mm hmm. Let's see what we got here. Where'd you go on your last vacation? Mhm.
Yeah, my vacations are about going to the Coast 50 miles away. It's
you
know,
But
then,
yeah. Well, let's see here.
Well, that's interesting.
that
measure 1 10,
yep. Become the first state in the country to Everything becomes $100 ticket now. Yeah. So it's not exactly legal, but it's decriminalized,
you tell.
I think
Very can't vote. You get a gun. Mhm.
No.
Yeah, I don't give a damn about most things. I mean, I'm kind of libertarian art as far as, you know, screw taxes and uh make everything legal. Everybody else decide what they can do what they want to do. We're all big, we're all people are all adults. Mm hmm.
And
we, yeah, yeah,
I think the the tax here is pretty good. They make they make a killing off of it, I'm sure is, you know, I got a buddy in Kalamazoo and I'm sure they're making a ton of money off it there too. Mm.
Mhm,
I'm
in an interview.
No, that's a friend.
I told him I needed, needed to quiet, so of course they want to knock on the damn door.
You
got kids, you got a bunch of them or?
What? Okay.
Okay. No, it's not complicated.
There's nothing to do with it.
I'm
sure kids are going to feel that way too. Mhm.
Are you, are you guys doing a full schedule? They're your kids your mm.
That's
over.
totally.
Yeah. We just had our governor just announced a lockdown today. We're going back to Square one.
Thank
you.
Well, the only thing that's really different is that you can pick up takeout. I don't think you couldn't hear for the first lockdown. But everything besides that gender closed restaurants, close schools have closed. Everything is closed. I mean schools are open, but they have to be do the hybrid thing or whatever besides that. We're back pretty much back to square one.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know how these places are going to try to survive. I mean they went we closed them down, we open them up to 25% now. We're shutting them back. I just don't see these restaurants survive and we'll probably have burger kings and McDonald's everywhere from now on. That's just it. Car.
huh.
Yeah.
And you get the majority of a fast food businesses coming through the drive thru anyway so.
definitely.
Yeah. I don't see if you can send the whole country and make it the whole country almost.
Me
too.
It's already
gone.
You
haven't even signed or passed yet. That's already gone. Everybody's is because
No it
isn't.
I like Andrea and I do want to do, I didn't vote for him, but I like him
pay
for
it.
It's
for like 0.3% of one degree that it will change or something like that's what they're decimating like 10.3
of 1% or one degree or something like that. That's a whole lot of money. Like three trillion or something I think they're saying or nine trillion or something like that. I don't know what it was. Nine trillion worldwide or
Time.
exact yeah, that's what I was just thinking.
Yeah. And that the damage that it takes creating the batteries to make the hybrid more environmentally devastating than the fossil fuel industry.
No.
we're
not a very populated states. So there isn't a lot of incentive to put a lot of those everywhere. We only have four million people in this state. So it's not a whole lot of and it's a big state, so,
Yeah. Like our whole east side here, the whole east side of the state is just high desert. So, I mean, if you want, but it's half the state. So if you go to that side of the state, there's nothing over there. I mean, I can't imagine those guys trying to have a electric car, they probably only be able to charge at home.
Yeah. My biggest concern is what impact it, what if the trade off would ever be worth it economically? You know, I I don't know that. It would, I understand we have to do something. I just don't know that doing something without just to do it isn't gonna help anything.
Big industry
now you're
just trading one bad thing for another is what it feels like. I mean that's what I mean. I mean it's great to feel good and be doing something but if you're doing something that doesn't really have any value you're just doing it it's just lip service. You're not really accomplishing anything. I mean most of these batteries that are you know we're being mined or lithium minded like Afghanistan or something. Which is the reason we stay there you know is because they have lithium you know they have some of the biggest deposits of lithium on the planet. So we stay in Afghanistan and that's why we're there
for that.
I mean I was just reading about him batteries there that they're doing the thing with him batteries and apparently they they last nine times longer than a lithium battery.
Well, I can't see the oil or something.
sorry
about that. This thing was making all kinds of pops and clicks. I couldn't hardly hear what you're saying. Yeah.
No,
I would love to not have to eat beef or not eat beef. I don't have to eat beef, but I like beef. But these these
fake ones, they just ain't you in the ballroom? I tried I've tried three or four of them and I don't know what you call them, but they don't taste like meat to me.
I've seen that look at not are, you know close facsimile uh But they sure as hell didn't taste like and I don't know that. Who knows what it is really? I mean, it's a chemical process. They used to make it so who knows what they used to bind it or whatever. Just another industry through a process crap out is uh Mhm.
No matter.
That's
one thing about him is is the high, it needs a lot of water compared to most crops. I mean a lot lot because we have a lot of growers around this whole I don't know how it is in michigan you guys, your outdoor season is probably isn't as long as ours, but here it's it's everywhere. It's everything the without that in this area I can't even imagine because it's such a rural area and everything's paid for basically with hot out here. Yeah. Yeah,
if they could, I'd be a rich man because it's dirt cheap here. I mean it's like $600 a pound, which is like half the price of the rest of the country now make it legal the whole country wide and I might get into it until then.
No.
That's
the power.
Yeah. I was actually in on a big medical grow back in 2008 that got raided by the D. A. It was real interesting time and it was all illegal quasi legal state, you know in the state. But the feds jumped in and Because it was 99 plants so they came and got my buddy who I was working with and he did five years for it and it's legal here. But it ain't legal for the Feds.
ignore, ignore basically. That's what it is because the first thing they did was they went looking flipping everything over for money. That's all they wanted money. That's like they kept asking that's all they kept asking every single person separately about the money. Where's the money? It's like there is no money, that's why what was happening was happening. Everybody is poor here, that's what brought us to this.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You guys go you guys got a major influx of people to people just move
in there.
Well that's what I was saying about locally here being everything seems to be dependent on it. I can't imagine without this industry because we lost timber and once we lost timber, it was dead here forever until cannabis became legal again. And it's kind of picked up steam. But uh they gave every here, they didn't have a very high uh you didn't you just needed to pay for it and you could become a grower, that's all you had to do. There wasn't like other states will be like, you pay $5000 to become a tier one or two or two or two or three grower and here they just let everybody do it. And so it became everybody's growing weed and so we'd like $500 a pound here. It's not even worth growing. You know, a lot of people, they spend all their mother, you know, their entire life money or the money they made over their lives, invested in this just to find out everybody's doing it. So it ain't worth nothing every year. I see it every year I see people come from out of state invest in grows here and then the next year they're gone. I mean people gotta be making money just off that, just going every year going, hey, I'll buy that back for me for half price.
Yeah. It looks like we've hit our limit. We are at 25 minutes. It was good chatting with you. Time flies when you're talking about drugs. Yeah,
Indeed. You have a good one.