That's going on about yourself.
chuck. I'm mad
out in cold michigan,
out west
Well yeah
pretty much less.
Uh yeah I've done one.
It's an interesting social experiment. Um General it seems different. Yeah
it looks
like your video might have cut out there,
I can hear you but I don't have video.
at least I can hear you there so so
Well I mean I guess things should happen and you know
I think it only scheduled one at a time.
Yeah I thought from my understanding was if you finished one then you could sign up for another one and you have to give a new schedule of
like availability.
Well
oh a cow that's
all
rush.
I am a workaholic and going to school, so vacation is not in my vocabulary.
but once you get
to
go I
made
something
so with you being in Oregon um one of my buddies lives out there
and he said you guys have passed uh
some interesting laws
Is that the decriminalization one or?
Yeah, it's it's uh here in michigan, we had the uh the hash bash which is like a big pot one and everybody in ann arbor all the college kids, especially like it's just the data smoke part and you don't want, you want to be dumb, you won't be stupid blessings don't get behind the wheel, it's all I care about. You know like
part of your brains out, sleep it off, it's your Doritos whatever and the cops out there are just like yeah, if you're being too stupid, we're going to be a ticket for jaywalking. But today it's like legal now that it's like becoming either more legal or just decriminalized. It's like if you get caught with it, it's a fine, but it doesn't end your
life, it doesn't make you a felon. It doesn't because once you get a felon, nobody wants to hire a felon, you know, like,
you can't do nothing. And
for the harder drugs, maybe it should still be criminalized. But the weak ones, the hippie ones, you know what
if if if you're going to legalize it all, just tax it all. I mean, you already taxing the booze and cigarettes, just tax it,
you know?
So
some of the taxes are from the sales are supposed to be going to obviously, you know, some of the routes to the state, but then like someone's supposed to be routing towards like the educational routes and you're like, You know what, for the adults who are over 18, if you want to pay and chip into education, so we don't have future stupid people. Okay,
like that's not a horrible thing. That seems
decent,
you know the kids are,
Mhm.
Yeah, I'm surprised I don't have a
kid barging yet. So I got you.
uh got to and then uh the dogs, oh
since being grounded and stuck at home
um the dogs have developed like separation anxiety So now if I like go to the bathroom there at the door waiting for me, it's like dudes like come, I was going 30 seconds like it's not that bad. And um the one, we had one dog and we got a puppy now because you know what else you gonna do when you're bored at home? Um Like he was created when everybody goes to work in school, well now has been created in bonds. He looks at the crate like it's jail. I was like, dude, this was your favorite place, this is where you took your nap, like it's not an evil place,
yeah, doesn't want nothing to do with it. And uh he was a puppy a couple months ago now. He's almost one, he doesn't know what it's like and it's like if we ever do go back to normal life again, they're going to think we hate them or punishing them because they've fallen out
of his routine.
yeah, they're gonna be like what I got to go to school, I gotta get dressed this week, what you mean?
They're doing a hybrid
so they
go one day and then stay home and supposedly if the numbers um of covid were like looking bad or if they had an outbreak they're going to be like yep, no, virtual. Um I just saw new york went virtual, they're just like yeah no shit is
getting bad, yep. So they're totally virtual. Um I think a couple counties have gone totally virtual now because they're having spikes in the area so they're just like nope, everybody stay home.
Is it like like
like the full lockdown
again?
I know a couple of our um local restaurants and breweries and stuff, they were doing like curbside pickup like pretty quick and lot of them like converted some outside dining. And it's like but we're michigan, we're about to get like a foot of snow, like I don't see anybody eating outside. I'm sorry guys like I'm trying to order from you, I'll pick it up but like
yeah because the drive throughs um
Yeah
the fast food places, they all half were open because obviously could do the drive thru just not go inside.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if like another stainless package would it would help but I don't know like the levels like I don't know if they're going to do a new nationwide lockdown. You gotta unfortunately pay some people's bills, you know, like not everybody can be
working.
Yeah. I don't I don't see any of that working and I think this is the year I've gotten the most into
politics like trying to pay attention.
So when they say like oh you know we're gonna send you another stimulus check, it's like that was gone but for some people had in their bank account like but that
Borbidge
painted for
some people,
yep. Oh yeah it was such a I don't want to call it nothing but for some people it was their house payment that they were about to miss and then it's out and um you know now they're like oh we'll send you like a $400.1 and you're like that's groceries for my dogs, that's not even going to feed me and the family like
you
know it's and then uh who was it? Andrew yang was like send everybody five grand, send them all home for the month that should cover everything and it's like
He had, I don't know if the radical or they're just outside of the normal political spectrum that were just like honestly sounded good and sounded great but then it's like well who's gonna,
you
know,
we'll pay for it or you know voted in or whatever, you know, it's kind of like what the green new deal, There's a lot of stuff in there that you're like,
wow, you know, okay, climate change, let's not blow up the earth, we still want to live here, we don't want to really kill it off too much. But then you look at the price tag and you're like uh huh.
What?
Mhm. It was, it was up there and if you're like, okay, what can we actually change? Um you know, I look around my house and I'm like, we really need to buy
another blender. No, okay, you know? But like how do you, because we're all consumers will consume something. How do you cut down on stuff that you don't really really need any more to try and make an impact? Because if you're like, I'm gonna swear off buying New TVs, but every 10 years I'm gonna try and cut down on plastic and electrical manufacturing waste because it it's got to make ways to make that plastic tv. But my neighbor likes to buy a new tv every year, black friday says jam and he goes by someone, you know, it's like, well I'm not offsetting anything,
you know? Um I look at vehicles, I look at um, Oh hey, you know this pres can get 40 miles to the gallon, But you know, this mustang only gets 20. Yeah, but which one is more fun?
Yes, there's, there's trade offs like that. Like if you go, okay, well we're going to switch to electric vehicles, well now we can change the road, not the road, but like uh we need a power grid and it's getting there. But I wouldn't rely on, it's
not like if we were to drive across the country every 100 miles, there's a gas station even
even through,
Yeah. And can you imagine like driving through, once you get through like Ohio indiana going south, I don't see Tennessee or Kentucky putting in a bunch of charging stations, You start Cotton West. If you're going through like Wisconsin north Dakota, South Dakota, like going through the plains. That's boring farmland. You're lucky to find gas stations out there, let alone charging stations. So
yeah. So to me to get, especially our nation to switch is such a huge feet. I don't know where to start, where it would be possible and I was, I'm not an expert, but you know, like we have so many differences in thoughts. I, I don't, I don't know where we're going. It's, it's,
yeah. Because if we, let's say we go, okay, we're going to get rid of oil and gas production. Well, that's unfortunately a big industry.
and oil and gas is still needed for all the manufacturing that we do. You know, it's what runs the machines, You need plastics for everything. So you're never gonna get away from the whole industry. But if you switched it to say solar, well okay you can then say all the oil jobs are not going to turn to solar jobs because people got to build the panels, people got installed, the panels keep up the repair of the panels, but that's all manufacturing waste too. So are we really getting any better?
And.
And
what happens when that runs out?
And of course hampers a renewable resource. Um And help is using other industries and sort of cotton replacement or substitute. It's um I've seen it in some weird food products, I don't know if I would be down for trying it or eating it but
uh not just empty the way but um it wasn't beyond burger of um one of the new weird uh fake veggie burgers. There was one that was supposed to be like a lot of P. And hemp as a protein
source.
so yeah like one of the fake burgers, uh vegan burgers like it was supposed to be peas and hemp were the main like protein source. And I've tried a couple of legislators, they're not the same,
so.
six.
No, no there's one that looked good but it was still that same taste.
yep. And and as we're talking replacing one industry for another, you say, okay we can replace cows on this and now you got a farm and farming is lot of agriculture, a lot of water, a lot of
not a ton of machinery but
you know it's.
Mhm. Trying to open up franchise or something, ship it across the states
when they first were legalizing growers. Mhm. You had to go through a process that would not be a felon and you can only grow 10 plants or something. One of my body was like, yeah, yeah, I'll do it. And was doing it for a little while and he went and bought another house just to convert the basement to grow and I was like Off 10 plants. That's, I had a couple of other buddies who grew through college and gruel for themselves. Then the other hand, a little surprised by like 10 pants alone,
a huge amount maybe all year if you get to something that still didn't seem as a lot. And he's like no, but you can only sell to dispensaries and medical places
and
they have to pay a premium. I was like, oh because yeah, I bought another house to have another address because it's paying my house payment in that house payment.
so it pretty much got too big. Keep
Yeah. Yeah it's it's unfortunate is because there is such either a stigma or war on it or it is technically a cash cow for everybody involved, including the cops. Mhm. That it just seems to, I don't know that really changed but then you guys are the first ones to being criminalized and the like he saw the bid to colorado when they become lies, marijuana made illegal, their tourism skyrocketed.
What,
yep. And it's like you know he wanted to really secretly revitalize the state. That would be something that let's get some people motivated to move out there, make it happen and then of course people are living there, they got to spend on the local economies. Yeah we got to eat, they gotta go grocery shopping I mean.
Oh man. Well hopefully this he is more good come out of it than some of the potential downside buzz.
the country,