SPEAKER_L: Oh, but yeah, yeah, I'm and mhm Yeah. Okay. Mhm Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Come back. Oh
SPEAKER_R: is it better?
SPEAKER_L: yes, that's much better. How has the sound on my
SPEAKER_R: Fine.
SPEAKER_L: side, right from my set? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: That was my fault. I had tried firefox and it showed you but it wasn't reading my camera. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I see.
SPEAKER_R: So I opened chrome them but I forgot to set the firefox.
SPEAKER_L: Also it was getting it twice. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Really weird feedback.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it happens. No worries. Well, how are, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing okay. Yeah, I'm roger
SPEAKER_L: I'm Lauren, nice to
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: meet you,
SPEAKER_R: you too.
SPEAKER_L: virtually. Of course. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: How's it going? Where you are?
SPEAKER_L: Um, pretty good. I'm in Colorado. It's pretty warm today, almost 90 and a little smoky, but otherwise good. And I'm just sitting at home doing some work, doing some prolific studies from time to time. Um, making sure my, my dog just wanted dinner. So keeping here fed. How are you doing? How is it going where you are?
SPEAKER_R: for me pretty good. I've been just running a small business from home so I don't have to go out a lot accepted the post office. Um and I've learned how to do the zoom but in Arizona it's we're doing a little better now but by three weeks ago we were hitting 1000 new cases every day and all the, What do they call them? The icu beds at the hospital were up near 90% used.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's scary.
SPEAKER_R: So. Yeah and it's um it's still kind of serious. We're just it's our curve of positives is slowly coming down per day and we're hoping that the school districts don't get too pushy about opening and
SPEAKER_L: When is school is supposed to start? Is it
SPEAKER_R: 17
SPEAKER_L: at the end of this month? The 17th? So they still haven't fully decided what they're going to do. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Every different kind of, they have recommendations from the governor but they currently they have a lot of freedoms to decide what to do. Some districts have already said we're going virtual, others are on the fence. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's a, it's a complicated question to figure out. I know. Um, I think from what I understand what's happening here in colorado at least in the, in the districts in the county that I am the first two weeks or maybe it's not the first month, you know, it's always changing. Um, and since I don't have kids and I'm not in school, they don't totally keep track of it. But there doing virtual for the first two weeks
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: or maybe months and then parents and their kids have to decide if they're going to go in person or stay virtual. So, but of course all of this is subject to change.
SPEAKER_R: well that's good. I've I've kind of thought as colorado is at least one of the more smart states. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like a lot of things, particularly in March were done really proactively, which was good. Um, I think it's definitely gotten a lot harder as the weather's gotten nicer and people want to get out and do things. I think like a lot of places we had a good spike, well a bad spike, but a big spike after Memorial Day and that was just kind of the start of saying is going back up again as people wanted to be outside more and also probably just got tired of being
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: isolated.
SPEAKER_R: was wondering that. Yeah. And I'm from Minnesota. I'm in Arizona
SPEAKER_L: me too. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: small world, wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: They're Memorial Day was a big thing. Memorial Day to Labor Day, all the festivals of affairs, live music outside this
SPEAKER_L: the state
SPEAKER_R: book.
SPEAKER_L: fair got canceled right. It's probably the first time ever that has been canceled I imagine.
SPEAKER_R: Since around I think since slightly after World War Two, they had one year cancelled
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I did
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: see they're still doing the butter carvings though for princess Kay of the Milky Way.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. And I just heard something about a ticket, limited number of cars and limited number of vendors. You could buy a $20 ticket and then drive through and get food from different vendors.
SPEAKER_L: No, well, I mean that is pretty much the best part of the state fair, so. Mhm. Love expense. What part of Minnesota are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I I lived in New Brighton
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's in
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: the, in the cities. Right, okay,
SPEAKER_R: inner ring suburb. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Duluth. Um Both of my parents still live in Duluth, but both of them grew up in the cities, so spent lots of time visiting grandparents down there when I was a kid, That sort of thing.
SPEAKER_R: I like, well I've only visited Duluth and spent the odd night there, but I like that area. It seems quieter, calmer.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's a nice city. It's got a lot of nice green space. Um, like the Lake Walk is really nice. You can go and hang out by like superior. Yeah, lots of nice little parks. It's, I haven't lived there for, Wow, I guess it's like 13 years now, 12 or 13 years. It's been a long time since I lived at home though. Of course I visited my parents a lot, but it really has changed a lot in that time. Like it's really, uh, I think it went through a big economic depression in the nineties and maybe early two thousands. Um, and has been doing a lot better since then. And it seems like the pace has really picked up in the last five or 10 years, Like there's a lot of new small businesses and lots of restaurants and yeah, it's just fun and there's a lot of uh I mean it's always been a city with a lot of outdoor activities, but it seems like now people are starting to move to Duluth in their twenties and thirties instead of everybody moving away from Duluth for college. So there's going to be lots of vibrant energy and social scenes and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. That's yeah, that's something I miss living out in the suburbs. You know when I went to school university, I was lived about six miles from the University of Minnesota book, Saint paul and Minneapolis campuses. And then I rode my bike well just for one year of it. But you know, it just gets so bad in the winter out there. Um
SPEAKER_L: Is that what sends you to Arizona? The winters?
SPEAKER_R: you know, I I came down here by accident. I had a friend who wanted to go on vacation or my roommate in Minnesota and She had family down here. So in 2009 I was like okay we'll go see the desert and I didn't really research it on the internet or anything and we come down here and it was like wow this is I thought it would be way too hot. But at 90 and low humidity, we were group, we camped outside, You know I get down in the 60s at night and it was so nice and so pretty. And there had been a housing crisis in 2008 phoenix got hit really hard amongst other areas and and I started house shopping and they were searching.
SPEAKER_L: sure, so it's just a good opportunity. Mm Yeah, I went to Sedona for the first time. That's really the only place in Arizona I've been, but I went there for the first time last october and
SPEAKER_R: Ooh
SPEAKER_L: I didn't really know what to expect, but I was blown away. It was so amazing. I that that the desert is so gorgeous. We're actually just now talking about trying to plan another trip to sit down on this fall because it's just so, so
SPEAKER_R: that's when, that's when to visit. It's the Oak Creek Canyon. There is one of the places that a lot of Arizona and the higher areas. When you get up towards colorado what is it? The colorado plateau you're up there and it's a lot of aspen and kind of not a lot of color but then you get the oaks and stuff and more prettiness.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's still, in my opinion, doesn't quite hold, hold a candle though to like northern Minnesota or New England
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: with their fall colors with all the mixed forests. It's gorgeous. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I write jay Cooke State Park
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah jay Cooke is gorgeous and the
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: swinging bridge there is so cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah I used to try whenever I could get my friends to agree I get them to drive up and we cut through the back way you go through J Cook and then you cut through onto this road that leads you up to the very beginning of skyline drive and in that end of it doesn't get used to a whole lot. So it's just you feel it's like you're really in a remote area and then.
SPEAKER_L: I've driven a lot of that. My my dad loves that part. Yeah, all those like those cool rock walls and bridges and stuff like that and lots of nice overlooks over over. I mean I guess it's the hills,
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah, that's a really pretty part of the state and I
SPEAKER_R: It,
SPEAKER_L: love the river in J Cook is so cool with how all the rock has been tilted. This looks so interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Did you hear it's been, what is this? 2020, Oh no, I've been here a long time now In like 2013, there was a really flooding
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I actually was visiting home when that happened. It was really intense. It was a crazy storm. It was like 12" of rain in 24 hours or something like that and yeah, it washed out the swinging bridge and it washed out culverts all over the city. Um I think Thompson, you know that little town near Jaco click, the whole town was flooded under like 10 ft of water or something like that. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: there were big sinkholes that opened up like in the middle of Duluth. Um that car's just fell into because like,
SPEAKER_R: I didn't hear that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it was crazy. It was really unexpected too, because you know, if you've been to Duluth, you probably remember this, you know, the city is built on a pretty steep hillside. So you know, growing up, whenever there would be flood warnings, they wouldn't usually apply to do if you hear them to be like oh that's for like up on the hill or something like that and people would pretty much just like ignore them because it's a steep city, how is it going to flood? But there was just so much right in that. Yeah like all of the little creeks, a lot of them over topped their banks and and then so many trees got taken down and stuff like that, that all the culverts got jammed and then water just built up behind them and
SPEAKER_R: order to them.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it causes a lot of damage and it took a long time for a lot of it to get fixed. I think things are pretty much all recovered now like they rebuilt the swinging bridge I don't know, maybe a year or two later. Um But
SPEAKER_R: I was there two years ago I drove up to Canada and spent the night in to lose job through and yeah, I had heard about J Cook, but then I didn't know it went on in the whole area, wow.
SPEAKER_L: yeah well I think Thompson was maybe hit the hardest that area right next to jay Cooke just because they were like the whole town was flooded. But um yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it was it was a weird event, weird weather event and just funny timing to be home for that because I was home for like two weeks and
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: happened to be there for that.
SPEAKER_R: okay guys, what? Right you to colorado?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, so um I've actually been living in Oregon for the last six years, but I just moved to colorado about a month, maybe six weeks ago. Um My boyfriend lives here and I'm finishing up grad school so I moved here to be with him now.
SPEAKER_R: they got good programs and
SPEAKER_L: Well I'm still in school, I'm technically I haven't graduated quite yet, I'm still finishing writing my dissertation, but I'm still in school in Oregon, but even before everything went virtual because of the pandemic, I'm at a point where I'm just writing and I don't have a teaching assignment right now so I can kind of do it from anywhere already. And then when the entire term went virtual and even like summer's virtual and research activities on campus, they're starting to resume them now. But they were totally stopped all spring for the first half of summer. You could have like two people from each lab on campus per day. Um It didn't matter, it wasn't two people at the same time, it was like to people all day even if they were only in for like an hour each. So it just didn't really feel worth it to stay in Eugene for that. So
SPEAKER_R: Booth
SPEAKER_L: I moved here. Um And yeah, just
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: working from home now, working from New Home.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's what's your field?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Geography. I do. Um I study fire in tropical rainforests.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh wow. Very timely.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, it is very timely. My research is actually more on the history of fire. So we're looking at fire like 3000 years ago but trying to see what that can tell us about all these things that are going on with president fires. So
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: my study areas Indonesia but it's really similar to all the stuff that's happening in the amazon. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It was historically with in my mind, in my imagination, the jungle areas are so wet that lightning couldn't start a fire and I totally wrong.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I mean that was kind of the prevailing wisdom for a really long time, but both was just like seeing what's happening now and then if you do go and look at the history mostly what we're doing is finding pieces of charcoal in the soil from forest fires and then doing radiocarbon dating on them. Um And it turns out that yeah I mean it's definitely not as common as fire is in Arizona or colorado, but it did happen. And what we think it was is when these really intense El nino events would happen, then you get these really strong droughts there. Um and then both lightning and also just human caused fires, a lot of them kind of like now most of the fires in both Indonesia and the amazon are probably caused by either intentional um intentionally set to clear the forest fires or just like a fire getting out of control because they like in Indonesia, they burn their trash a lot and so it's easy for that to just escape and it kind of blew my mind, but even though they get like, I think it's like 300 inches of rain a year there when it's dry for like 10 days in a row. Things get when there's no rain for like 10 days in a row, things get dry really quickly. So uh
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: when the conditions happen is actually not that difficult for a fire to start. So
SPEAKER_R: I never imagined they had dry seasons sort of, I mean it makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean some areas have more dry seasons than other areas. My Part of Indonesia that my study citizen doesn't really have a dry season not or not like on a regular yearly basis but every like 5 to 10 years or something like that when there's a strong on the new event then there'll be a couple months usually where there's very little rain and that's when it gets really dry.
SPEAKER_R: So if if I can ask, I I only made it up um through regulars uh you know that short degree, I didn't didn't move on. So the dissertation thing always just sounds terrifying. But have you already done like all your research and your own personal stuff?
SPEAKER_L: yep I've collected on my data, I spent five months in Indonesia collecting data living in the jungle and then spent a lot of time in the lab doing various processing things mostly like cleaning pieces of charcoal with acid, it was pretty boring. Um And yeah now I have pretty much all the numbers
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: and it's
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: just like putting them together and writing about them coming up with the story.
SPEAKER_R: charcoal. That is really well I imagine some of the early uh explorers excavating capes and stuff, they were just throwing all the dirt, the little bits appalling. Maybe they noticed if there was a charcoal ring, but I don't know, I just imagined them digging all that stuff away looking for ceramic pieces or.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think, I mean I think that's true and kind of archaeology in general. Well and actually all of science, there's a lot of stuff that we overlooked in the early history of science because nobody thought that it might be important. Like I mean some of the things they use to study past climate are just crazy. Like they look at um coral skeletons or they'll look at uh they'll go to lakes and take these cars, they actually do this a ton of Minnesota. They'll take big cores of the sediment at the bottom of the lake
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: then they'll look at the pollen, it sounds like you know that. But they'll also sometimes look at um there are leaf waxes that end up in that sediment and they can look at the
SPEAKER_R: Hm.
SPEAKER_L: ratio of the different oxygen isotopes. And then from that they can figure out if it was rainier or dryer. So there's like a lot of steps to get from this Pile of dirt to saying like it was wetter 200 years ago than it was 400 years ago. But it's pretty amazing the things that people have figured out.
SPEAKER_R: That's a yeah the dedication and the early scientists that just amazes me where you might be, you have an idea and you sit down for 20 years. You you look at your core is you try, you know and everyone just kind of like what is that person doing in
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I never even knew when I was an undergrad. I didn't know that. That was the thing that people did. Like why would you go out to a lake and pull up the sediment?
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: That seems weird.
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: But it's actually a really great source of information. It turns out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Important now the, I knew in high school about triggering for some reason as in the future farmers and we're always going on field trips and yeah. And uh I knew about that but I was like all we kind of got out of it that I remember was you can learn how old the tree is and how maybe how white it was one season or the other. But down here they do course on these ancient um
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, because the dry desert preserves the wood for so long. Yeah, it's cool. Yeah. Actually there's a really famous uh, is it at the university? I can't remember which specific university it is in Arizona, but there's a really famous triggering lab in Arizona where they do a lot of triggering stuff.
SPEAKER_R: that does sound familiar. I think I see I follow a bunch of science communicators on twitter and I see stuff from Arizona every once in a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. His his name is escaping me right now. But there's a professor I think he's mostly retired now but
SPEAKER_R: No. No.
SPEAKER_L: he was really I think kind of early in figuring out how to use a lot of that information to we like make drought atlases and all sorts of stuff like that that they do.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. I've seen a lot about drought here in the southwest. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they do a really lot of cool stuff. Yeah. The laboratory of Tree ring Research, that's not what I'm thinking of. But yeah, there's some really cool stuff going on in the southwest with that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know it's night I'm like so hopeful that we get lots and lots more samples of all sorts of things in the next a few decades before climate change really throws everything out of whack. It's like I I know there's a lot of people who have gone down to different areas in the rainforests to study them. But it's like if we wanted to put even if we had a sample of every type of you know seed or plant or animal, we start to know how they all live in relation to each other. And I mean I imagine they'd be easy to just read Greece, reinforce the jungle and have it be kind of like it used to be
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because it's all I mean all this stuff has evolved together for millennia. Yeah. They
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's also intricately connected. Yeah. And you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: we haven't
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: just replace.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah some of the little insects and stuff have come up with just wild ways to relate with their plants and with their predators.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean I think the thing that's one of the things that's the coolest just visually is have you seen the pictures of birds of paradise from the jungle If they've got those crazy like feathers and colors and stuff like that. And a lot of it's like as I actually a useful adaptation. I mean I think some of them actually are not useful but apparently they survive still.
SPEAKER_R: that's the thing with the evolution right. Yeah it's not always necessarily,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah sometimes there sometimes the selection is going for things that actually make the species worse off then. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I envision those like the spirit of paradise is in Papua new guinea to is that that's part of Indonesia
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: kind of.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that island half of the island is Indonesia and the other half is independent.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's it. Okay. Oh
SPEAKER_L: the Indonesian side is just called Papua.
SPEAKER_R: hop over. Oh okay.
SPEAKER_L: or west west Papua actually is the name of the province. It used to be called verrengia but they changed it like Oh I think maybe like 10 or 20 years ago because that was the colonial name. So when Indonesia became independent in the 50s and they've overtime kind of gotten rid a lot of those colonial names for.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: you was it hard was it dangerous? I just remember a few years ago there being some incidents with some muslim extremists attacking? No.
SPEAKER_L: there's definitely the area that I was in is relatively safe. Um But um so do you know the island of Sumatra? The westernmost island? That's like
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: the pictures and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but like roughly where it is, so the very northern tip of Sumatra is the provinces called H and H. Is where a lot of muslim extremists come from and that's definitely a place that's potentially dangerous to visit. And there are actually even in Jakarta there are a lot of bombings of malls and stuff like that. Um So I don't know it was, let's see when was it? I think it was about 15 or 20 years ago. There was a lot of unrest there and there are actually a lot of ethnic violence there. Um But that has mostly calm down now though, it does seem like the government is getting to be more and more, it was really moderate for a while, like even
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: though
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: Indonesia is, I think I think 80% Muslim, it's a huge Muslim population, it has historically been really pretty moderate and very tolerant of other religions because you can also, there's a lot of Hindus and there's a smaller population of christians and Buddhists
SPEAKER_R: My God.
SPEAKER_L: those are kind of the main religions, but it does seem like in the last couple of years that it's been getting more and more a conservative muslim dominated in the government,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I want to say I heard something about new blasphemy laws or something I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: forget
SPEAKER_L: think you're right, I think I've heard that, yeah, there's a woman in my lab who's Indonesian who was able, she uh we were able to time it, so when I was there, she was there with me at the beginning um to help kind of like get me settled, which was really great. Um and she's actually christian. Um but it was really interesting to hear her say her perspective, well she's actually she's not christian but she's she's an atheist, but you cannot your I. D. Card has to say your religion in Indonesia and there are only a few choices. And atheist isn't one of them. So she is officially christian, even though she's not actually christian
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: she just married a buddhist man and apparently that was really complicated to to do that. So yeah
SPEAKER_R: Whoa! Yes,
SPEAKER_L: the things that we kind of take for granted here, it's easy to forget sometimes that it's nice that we don't have those sorts of rules even if we sometimes maybe get frustrated with each other. But yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: the world
SPEAKER_L: it's a it's a cool country though, it's it was a really challenging place to spend that much time, particularly as a woman um there by myself and trying to do scientific research. But
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: there's also a lot of really cool things about it. I didn't get to go to bali but I hear I wanted to but one of the volcanoes was on high alert for eruption and I didn't I didn't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: going to get caught in the eruption but I didn't want the airplanes to get shut down and I wanted to be able to go home when I was supposed to. So I didn't go to bali, bali is supposed to be amazing. I went to jogjakarta instead though which was just
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: really gorgeous. There's some 7th and 8th century buddhist and hindu temples that have been restored that are now unesco world heritage sites and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: get,
SPEAKER_L: were so cool.
SPEAKER_R: I had no idea that, I mean I knew peoples have been in the, I'm inching forever, but wow,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's kind of, I think we
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: really neglect our history of that part of the world in the U. S. Like I didn't know any of this before I started just kind of doing background research to prepare myself for the fact that I was going to Indonesia for a while. Um
SPEAKER_R: we're very, I don't know, I mean individual people I think are in the US are really, you know, curious and stuff about the rest of the world, but the media is so and what we learned in school.
SPEAKER_L: and I mean to some point I get it because there's a lot of history in the world to learn and you kind of have to choose do you like just like do a really shallow covering of everything or do you try to learn about something more deeply and there are trade offs? But yeah I feel like we're pretty much the entire eastern world. We kind of neglect in our history in the US. It's very western focused.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel, I feel like, oh God, time I think yeah, I feel like we have um some, some people like if I listen to Trevor noah speak, he's like telling us how it is, another in South africa especially, but he's like, we know what life is like in America, but then I come up here and people think that We're all living impoverished with flies in hunger and starvation and just gave us 50 cents a day,
SPEAKER_L: That it would be enough.
SPEAKER_R: we would have enough foodie and he's like, you all have very twisted ideas of what it's like in other countries.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's true.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I did find an Indonesia and probably in other parts of the world to they do have a bit of a twisted idea of what it's like to live in the US because their view of what the U. S. Is like is Hollywood and like Hollywood action movies. So they think that you know everybody drives a fast car and hangs out with women
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: in bikinis all the time. Like that's
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: put me
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: life
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: is like,
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, so our media goes if it's like the popular stuff one.
SPEAKER_L: like in Indonesia like half of maybe even more than half of their movies are from America and they're just subtitled or dubbed and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: that I think gives people a bad impression of America do so. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Let
SPEAKER_L: We just
SPEAKER_R: me go.
SPEAKER_L: need more more exposure to each other all around. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Didn't. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think we've reached our time so.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Okay, well it was very nice meeting you,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Nice meeting you too. I hope that you have a lovely rest of your summer in Arizona.
SPEAKER_R: You two stay safe. Watch out for
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: in Sturgis motorcycle is coming down.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's right. That was last weekend. Yeah. Yeah. Stay safe. I hope you continue to be able to limit your exposure and stay healthy.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Have a good day.
SPEAKER_R: I.