Oh, but yeah, yeah, I'm and mhm Yeah. Okay. Mhm Yeah.
Mhm. Come back. Oh
yes, that's much better. How has the sound on my
side, right from my set? Okay.
I see.
Also it was getting it twice. Mhm.
Yeah, it happens. No worries. Well, how are, how are you?
I'm Lauren, nice to
meet you,
virtually. Of course. Yeah.
Um, pretty good. I'm in Colorado. It's pretty warm today, almost 90 and a little smoky, but otherwise good. And I'm just sitting at home doing some work, doing some prolific studies from time to time. Um, making sure my, my dog just wanted dinner. So keeping here fed. How are you doing? How is it going where you are?
Oh, that's scary.
When is school is supposed to start? Is it
at the end of this month? The 17th? So they still haven't fully decided what they're going to do. Okay.
Yeah, it's a, it's a complicated question to figure out. I know. Um, I think from what I understand what's happening here in colorado at least in the, in the districts in the county that I am the first two weeks or maybe it's not the first month, you know, it's always changing. Um, and since I don't have kids and I'm not in school, they don't totally keep track of it. But there doing virtual for the first two weeks
or maybe months and then parents and their kids have to decide if they're going to go in person or stay virtual. So, but of course all of this is subject to change.
Yeah. I feel like a lot of things, particularly in March were done really proactively, which was good. Um, I think it's definitely gotten a lot harder as the weather's gotten nicer and people want to get out and do things. I think like a lot of places we had a good spike, well a bad spike, but a big spike after Memorial Day and that was just kind of the start of saying is going back up again as people wanted to be outside more and also probably just got tired of being
isolated.
me too. Uh huh.
Okay.
the state
fair got canceled right. It's probably the first time ever that has been canceled I imagine.
Okay. I did
see they're still doing the butter carvings though for princess Kay of the Milky Way.
No, well, I mean that is pretty much the best part of the state fair, so. Mhm. Love expense. What part of Minnesota are you from?
Okay, that's in
the, in the cities. Right, okay,
I'm from Duluth. Um Both of my parents still live in Duluth, but both of them grew up in the cities, so spent lots of time visiting grandparents down there when I was a kid, That sort of thing.
Yeah, it's a nice city. It's got a lot of nice green space. Um, like the Lake Walk is really nice. You can go and hang out by like superior. Yeah, lots of nice little parks. It's, I haven't lived there for, Wow, I guess it's like 13 years now, 12 or 13 years. It's been a long time since I lived at home though. Of course I visited my parents a lot, but it really has changed a lot in that time. Like it's really, uh, I think it went through a big economic depression in the nineties and maybe early two thousands. Um, and has been doing a lot better since then. And it seems like the pace has really picked up in the last five or 10 years, Like there's a lot of new small businesses and lots of restaurants and yeah, it's just fun and there's a lot of uh I mean it's always been a city with a lot of outdoor activities, but it seems like now people are starting to move to Duluth in their twenties and thirties instead of everybody moving away from Duluth for college. So there's going to be lots of vibrant energy and social scenes and stuff like that.
Is that what sends you to Arizona? The winters?
sure, so it's just a good opportunity. Mm Yeah, I went to Sedona for the first time. That's really the only place in Arizona I've been, but I went there for the first time last october and
I didn't really know what to expect, but I was blown away. It was so amazing. I that that the desert is so gorgeous. We're actually just now talking about trying to plan another trip to sit down on this fall because it's just so, so
Yeah, it's still, in my opinion, doesn't quite hold, hold a candle though to like northern Minnesota or New England
with their fall colors with all the mixed forests. It's gorgeous. Mhm.
Oh yeah jay Cooke is gorgeous and the
swinging bridge there is so cool.
I've driven a lot of that. My my dad loves that part. Yeah, all those like those cool rock walls and bridges and stuff like that and lots of nice overlooks over over. I mean I guess it's the hills,
but yeah, that's a really pretty part of the state and I
love the river in J Cook is so cool with how all the rock has been tilted. This looks so interesting.
Yeah, I actually was visiting home when that happened. It was really intense. It was a crazy storm. It was like 12" of rain in 24 hours or something like that and yeah, it washed out the swinging bridge and it washed out culverts all over the city. Um I think Thompson, you know that little town near Jaco click, the whole town was flooded under like 10 ft of water or something like that. Um
there were big sinkholes that opened up like in the middle of Duluth. Um that car's just fell into because like,
yeah, it was crazy. It was really unexpected too, because you know, if you've been to Duluth, you probably remember this, you know, the city is built on a pretty steep hillside. So you know, growing up, whenever there would be flood warnings, they wouldn't usually apply to do if you hear them to be like oh that's for like up on the hill or something like that and people would pretty much just like ignore them because it's a steep city, how is it going to flood? But there was just so much right in that. Yeah like all of the little creeks, a lot of them over topped their banks and and then so many trees got taken down and stuff like that, that all the culverts got jammed and then water just built up behind them and
yeah it causes a lot of damage and it took a long time for a lot of it to get fixed. I think things are pretty much all recovered now like they rebuilt the swinging bridge I don't know, maybe a year or two later. Um But
yeah well I think Thompson was maybe hit the hardest that area right next to jay Cooke just because they were like the whole town was flooded. But um yeah
it was it was a weird event, weird weather event and just funny timing to be home for that because I was home for like two weeks and
happened to be there for that.
Uh Yeah, so um I've actually been living in Oregon for the last six years, but I just moved to colorado about a month, maybe six weeks ago. Um My boyfriend lives here and I'm finishing up grad school so I moved here to be with him now.
Well I'm still in school, I'm technically I haven't graduated quite yet, I'm still finishing writing my dissertation, but I'm still in school in Oregon, but even before everything went virtual because of the pandemic, I'm at a point where I'm just writing and I don't have a teaching assignment right now so I can kind of do it from anywhere already. And then when the entire term went virtual and even like summer's virtual and research activities on campus, they're starting to resume them now. But they were totally stopped all spring for the first half of summer. You could have like two people from each lab on campus per day. Um It didn't matter, it wasn't two people at the same time, it was like to people all day even if they were only in for like an hour each. So it just didn't really feel worth it to stay in Eugene for that. So
I moved here. Um And yeah, just
working from home now, working from New Home.
Uh Geography. I do. Um I study fire in tropical rainforests.
Yes, it is very timely. My research is actually more on the history of fire. So we're looking at fire like 3000 years ago but trying to see what that can tell us about all these things that are going on with president fires. So
my study areas Indonesia but it's really similar to all the stuff that's happening in the amazon. Mhm.
Yeah. Well I mean that was kind of the prevailing wisdom for a really long time, but both was just like seeing what's happening now and then if you do go and look at the history mostly what we're doing is finding pieces of charcoal in the soil from forest fires and then doing radiocarbon dating on them. Um And it turns out that yeah I mean it's definitely not as common as fire is in Arizona or colorado, but it did happen. And what we think it was is when these really intense El nino events would happen, then you get these really strong droughts there. Um and then both lightning and also just human caused fires, a lot of them kind of like now most of the fires in both Indonesia and the amazon are probably caused by either intentional um intentionally set to clear the forest fires or just like a fire getting out of control because they like in Indonesia, they burn their trash a lot and so it's easy for that to just escape and it kind of blew my mind, but even though they get like, I think it's like 300 inches of rain a year there when it's dry for like 10 days in a row. Things get when there's no rain for like 10 days in a row, things get dry really quickly. So uh
when the conditions happen is actually not that difficult for a fire to start. So
yeah, I mean some areas have more dry seasons than other areas. My Part of Indonesia that my study citizen doesn't really have a dry season not or not like on a regular yearly basis but every like 5 to 10 years or something like that when there's a strong on the new event then there'll be a couple months usually where there's very little rain and that's when it gets really dry.
yep I've collected on my data, I spent five months in Indonesia collecting data living in the jungle and then spent a lot of time in the lab doing various processing things mostly like cleaning pieces of charcoal with acid, it was pretty boring. Um And yeah now I have pretty much all the numbers
and it's
just like putting them together and writing about them coming up with the story.
Yeah, I think, I mean I think that's true and kind of archaeology in general. Well and actually all of science, there's a lot of stuff that we overlooked in the early history of science because nobody thought that it might be important. Like I mean some of the things they use to study past climate are just crazy. Like they look at um coral skeletons or they'll look at uh they'll go to lakes and take these cars, they actually do this a ton of Minnesota. They'll take big cores of the sediment at the bottom of the lake
and
then they'll look at the pollen, it sounds like you know that. But they'll also sometimes look at um there are leaf waxes that end up in that sediment and they can look at the
ratio of the different oxygen isotopes. And then from that they can figure out if it was rainier or dryer. So there's like a lot of steps to get from this Pile of dirt to saying like it was wetter 200 years ago than it was 400 years ago. But it's pretty amazing the things that people have figured out.
I mean,
yeah, I never even knew when I was an undergrad. I didn't know that. That was the thing that people did. Like why would you go out to a lake and pull up the sediment?
That seems weird.
But it's actually a really great source of information. It turns out.
Oh yeah, because the dry desert preserves the wood for so long. Yeah, it's cool. Yeah. Actually there's a really famous uh, is it at the university? I can't remember which specific university it is in Arizona, but there's a really famous triggering lab in Arizona where they do a lot of triggering stuff.
Yeah. His his name is escaping me right now. But there's a professor I think he's mostly retired now but
he was really I think kind of early in figuring out how to use a lot of that information to we like make drought atlases and all sorts of stuff like that that they do.
they do a really lot of cool stuff. Yeah. The laboratory of Tree ring Research, that's not what I'm thinking of. But yeah, there's some really cool stuff going on in the southwest with that.
Yeah because it's all I mean all this stuff has evolved together for millennia. Yeah. They
it's also intricately connected. Yeah. And you
definitely
can't
just replace.
Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean I think the thing that's one of the things that's the coolest just visually is have you seen the pictures of birds of paradise from the jungle If they've got those crazy like feathers and colors and stuff like that. And a lot of it's like as I actually a useful adaptation. I mean I think some of them actually are not useful but apparently they survive still.
Yeah. Yeah sometimes there sometimes the selection is going for things that actually make the species worse off then. But yeah.
Well
yeah that island half of the island is Indonesia and the other half is independent.
the Indonesian side is just called Papua.
or west west Papua actually is the name of the province. It used to be called verrengia but they changed it like Oh I think maybe like 10 or 20 years ago because that was the colonial name. So when Indonesia became independent in the 50s and they've overtime kind of gotten rid a lot of those colonial names for.
Thanks.
there's definitely the area that I was in is relatively safe. Um But um so do you know the island of Sumatra? The westernmost island? That's like
it.
Yeah but like roughly where it is, so the very northern tip of Sumatra is the provinces called H and H. Is where a lot of muslim extremists come from and that's definitely a place that's potentially dangerous to visit. And there are actually even in Jakarta there are a lot of bombings of malls and stuff like that. Um So I don't know it was, let's see when was it? I think it was about 15 or 20 years ago. There was a lot of unrest there and there are actually a lot of ethnic violence there. Um But that has mostly calm down now though, it does seem like the government is getting to be more and more, it was really moderate for a while, like even
though
Indonesia is, I think I think 80% Muslim, it's a huge Muslim population, it has historically been really pretty moderate and very tolerant of other religions because you can also, there's a lot of Hindus and there's a smaller population of christians and Buddhists
those are kind of the main religions, but it does seem like in the last couple of years that it's been getting more and more a conservative muslim dominated in the government,
I
think you're right, I think I've heard that, yeah, there's a woman in my lab who's Indonesian who was able, she uh we were able to time it, so when I was there, she was there with me at the beginning um to help kind of like get me settled, which was really great. Um and she's actually christian. Um but it was really interesting to hear her say her perspective, well she's actually she's not christian but she's she's an atheist, but you cannot your I. D. Card has to say your religion in Indonesia and there are only a few choices. And atheist isn't one of them. So she is officially christian, even though she's not actually christian
and then
she just married a buddhist man and apparently that was really complicated to to do that. So yeah
the things that we kind of take for granted here, it's easy to forget sometimes that it's nice that we don't have those sorts of rules even if we sometimes maybe get frustrated with each other. But yeah, so
it's a it's a cool country though, it's it was a really challenging place to spend that much time, particularly as a woman um there by myself and trying to do scientific research. But
there's also a lot of really cool things about it. I didn't get to go to bali but I hear I wanted to but one of the volcanoes was on high alert for eruption and I didn't I didn't
think
I was
going to get caught in the eruption but I didn't want the airplanes to get shut down and I wanted to be able to go home when I was supposed to. So I didn't go to bali, bali is supposed to be amazing. I went to jogjakarta instead though which was just
really gorgeous. There's some 7th and 8th century buddhist and hindu temples that have been restored that are now unesco world heritage sites and
they
were so cool.
Yeah it's kind of, I think we
really neglect our history of that part of the world in the U. S. Like I didn't know any of this before I started just kind of doing background research to prepare myself for the fact that I was going to Indonesia for a while. Um
and I mean to some point I get it because there's a lot of history in the world to learn and you kind of have to choose do you like just like do a really shallow covering of everything or do you try to learn about something more deeply and there are trade offs? But yeah I feel like we're pretty much the entire eastern world. We kind of neglect in our history in the US. It's very western focused.
That it would be enough.
Yeah it's true.
Yeah. I did find an Indonesia and probably in other parts of the world to they do have a bit of a twisted idea of what it's like to live in the US because their view of what the U. S. Is like is Hollywood and like Hollywood action movies. So they think that you know everybody drives a fast car and hangs out with women
in bikinis all the time. Like that's
not
what
life
is like,
like in Indonesia like half of maybe even more than half of their movies are from America and they're just subtitled or dubbed and
that I think gives people a bad impression of America do so. Yeah. Yeah.
We just
need more more exposure to each other all around. Yeah.
Didn't. Yeah.
Yeah. I think we've reached our time so.
Yeah. Nice meeting you too. I hope that you have a lovely rest of your summer in Arizona.
too.
Oh yeah, that's right. That was last weekend. Yeah. Yeah. Stay safe. I hope you continue to be able to limit your exposure and stay healthy.
All right. Have a good day.