Hi,
is it better?
Fine.
That was my fault. I had tried firefox and it showed you but it wasn't reading my camera. Yeah.
So I opened chrome them but I forgot to set the firefox.
Really weird feedback.
I'm doing okay. Yeah, I'm roger
look
you too.
How's it going? Where you are?
for me pretty good. I've been just running a small business from home so I don't have to go out a lot accepted the post office. Um and I've learned how to do the zoom but in Arizona it's we're doing a little better now but by three weeks ago we were hitting 1000 new cases every day and all the, What do they call them? The icu beds at the hospital were up near 90% used.
So. Yeah and it's um it's still kind of serious. We're just it's our curve of positives is slowly coming down per day and we're hoping that the school districts don't get too pushy about opening and
17
Every different kind of, they have recommendations from the governor but they currently they have a lot of freedoms to decide what to do. Some districts have already said we're going virtual, others are on the fence. Yeah.
What?
well that's good. I've I've kind of thought as colorado is at least one of the more smart states. I don't know.
I
was wondering that. Yeah. And I'm from Minnesota. I'm in Arizona
small world, wow. Yeah.
They're Memorial Day was a big thing. Memorial Day to Labor Day, all the festivals of affairs, live music outside this
book.
Since around I think since slightly after World War Two, they had one year cancelled
this.
Oh yeah. And I just heard something about a ticket, limited number of cars and limited number of vendors. You could buy a $20 ticket and then drive through and get food from different vendors.
I I lived in New Brighton
but
inner ring suburb. How about you?
I like, well I've only visited Duluth and spent the odd night there, but I like that area. It seems quieter, calmer.
That's cool. That's yeah, that's something I miss living out in the suburbs. You know when I went to school university, I was lived about six miles from the University of Minnesota book, Saint paul and Minneapolis campuses. And then I rode my bike well just for one year of it. But you know, it just gets so bad in the winter out there. Um
you know, I I came down here by accident. I had a friend who wanted to go on vacation or my roommate in Minnesota and She had family down here. So in 2009 I was like okay we'll go see the desert and I didn't really research it on the internet or anything and we come down here and it was like wow this is I thought it would be way too hot. But at 90 and low humidity, we were group, we camped outside, You know I get down in the 60s at night and it was so nice and so pretty. And there had been a housing crisis in 2008 phoenix got hit really hard amongst other areas and and I started house shopping and they were searching.
Ooh
that's when, that's when to visit. It's the Oak Creek Canyon. There is one of the places that a lot of Arizona and the higher areas. When you get up towards colorado what is it? The colorado plateau you're up there and it's a lot of aspen and kind of not a lot of color but then you get the oaks and stuff and more prettiness.
No.
I write jay Cooke State Park
because
yeah. Yeah I used to try whenever I could get my friends to agree I get them to drive up and we cut through the back way you go through J Cook and then you cut through onto this road that leads you up to the very beginning of skyline drive and in that end of it doesn't get used to a whole lot. So it's just you feel it's like you're really in a remote area and then.
True.
It,
Did you hear it's been, what is this? 2020, Oh no, I've been here a long time now In like 2013, there was a really flooding
Well,
I didn't hear that.
order to them.
I was there two years ago I drove up to Canada and spent the night in to lose job through and yeah, I had heard about J Cook, but then I didn't know it went on in the whole area, wow.
Mhm.
And
okay guys, what? Right you to colorado?
they got good programs and
Booth
what,
wow, that's what's your field?
Yeah. Oh wow. Very timely.
the
It was historically with in my mind, in my imagination, the jungle areas are so wet that lightning couldn't start a fire and I totally wrong.
wow.
I never imagined they had dry seasons sort of, I mean it makes sense.
So if if I can ask, I I only made it up um through regulars uh you know that short degree, I didn't didn't move on. So the dissertation thing always just sounds terrifying. But have you already done like all your research and your own personal stuff?
this
is
charcoal. That is really well I imagine some of the early uh explorers excavating capes and stuff, they were just throwing all the dirt, the little bits appalling. Maybe they noticed if there was a charcoal ring, but I don't know, I just imagined them digging all that stuff away looking for ceramic pieces or.
You
know.
Hm.
That's a yeah the dedication and the early scientists that just amazes me where you might be, you have an idea and you sit down for 20 years. You you look at your core is you try, you know and everyone just kind of like what is that person doing in
the
thank
you.
Yeah. Important now the, I knew in high school about triggering for some reason as in the future farmers and we're always going on field trips and yeah. And uh I knew about that but I was like all we kind of got out of it that I remember was you can learn how old the tree is and how maybe how white it was one season or the other. But down here they do course on these ancient um
that does sound familiar. I think I see I follow a bunch of science communicators on twitter and I see stuff from Arizona every once in a while.
No. No.
yeah. Yeah. I've seen a lot about drought here in the southwest. Yeah.
Yeah. I know it's night I'm like so hopeful that we get lots and lots more samples of all sorts of things in the next a few decades before climate change really throws everything out of whack. It's like I I know there's a lot of people who have gone down to different areas in the rainforests to study them. But it's like if we wanted to put even if we had a sample of every type of you know seed or plant or animal, we start to know how they all live in relation to each other. And I mean I imagine they'd be easy to just read Greece, reinforce the jungle and have it be kind of like it used to be
Yeah.
and
we haven't
had
yeah. Yeah some of the little insects and stuff have come up with just wild ways to relate with their plants and with their predators.
that's the thing with the evolution right. Yeah it's not always necessarily,
I envision those like the spirit of paradise is in Papua new guinea to is that that's part of Indonesia
kind of.
Oh that's it. Okay. Oh
hop over. Oh okay.
so
you was it hard was it dangerous? I just remember a few years ago there being some incidents with some muslim extremists attacking? No.
Just
the pictures and
You
know.
My God.
Yeah I want to say I heard something about new blasphemy laws or something I
forget
that's
very
Whoa! Yes,
the world
What?
I
don't
want
absolutely.
I
get,
I had no idea that, I mean I knew peoples have been in the, I'm inching forever, but wow,
it's
we're very, I don't know, I mean individual people I think are in the US are really, you know, curious and stuff about the rest of the world, but the media is so and what we learned in school.
Yeah, I feel, I feel like, oh God, time I think yeah, I feel like we have um some, some people like if I listen to Trevor noah speak, he's like telling us how it is, another in South africa especially, but he's like, we know what life is like in America, but then I come up here and people think that We're all living impoverished with flies in hunger and starvation and just gave us 50 cents a day,
we would have enough foodie and he's like, you all have very twisted ideas of what it's like in other countries.
But
So
you
put me
now
but
Oh no, so our media goes if it's like the popular stuff one.
No.
Let
me go.
Yeah.
Well.
Mhm Okay, well it was very nice meeting you,
You two stay safe. Watch out for
in Sturgis motorcycle is coming down.
Thank you.
I.