Uh 1 2nd. Let me just adjust the volume. Yeah. Okay, Can you hear me?
how are you?
Good. My name is Kyla, what's yours?
I'm in new york city.
Are you massachusetts? Okay, cool. Well I have a lot of college friends um up in massachusetts, like in the boston area. Are you near boston or a little, a lot further away?
I'm 26.
Mhm. Okay, cool. Did you graduate pretty recently from school?
where do you go
last week? I went to a university of Rochester.
it's like 15 minutes from us. Yeah. Yeah,
so I work at the new york city Department of Health. Very
busy. Yeah, over 19 projects I'm working from now. But yeah, so luckily I don't have to like go out to um any help, tennis, your things, I can do everything remotely, but
Oh yeah, so pretty busy. How about, what do you do for work?
wow. What part of California?
I hear that. The cool spot to be
or?
Yeah. That's interesting. I would think like maybe like oh like a beach town or something in the snow count. But yeah, I don't know. SF was like that. Yeah, I feel like I living in new york yeah, somewhere being very fast paced. So like when I go somewhere and like service at restaurants isn't like a pigeon and stuff, it's like yeah kind of like the piece.
Yeah. That is
interesting. Yeah, it's like a totally different culture. Yeah. I do notice that a lot to you when I like travel and like them in like a hotel or something. Yeah it's like so much different. Yeah, in new york people don't
Yeah it's like you want will be on the sidewalk so that gives you a dirty look.
Yeah there are a couple of the past weeks, I was like working extra, but luckily it's not too bad. My manager um it's kind of it's like on call on the weekend. So yeah, he's uh taking a lot of the problem for the team. But uh but that's fortunate I still have like my weekends. But yeah
it's
not, it's interesting like my neighborhood, it's still people are like pretty out and about and like I know recommendation is that like you can go outside for essential need to like grocery store and then exercise. So yeah, I try to get out and go for a walker bike, right? Everything just to like get some fresh air. But yes.
it's really bad.
different. Yeah, it's interesting with with work we have lots of like phone calls and virtual meetings. So yeah, I definitely feel really like connected to everyone, which is, which is nice in terms of that. And then,
yeah, some of my friends will try to do like video chats, like zoom meetings once a week, so play different like on engagement.
Yeah, Happy hours. But
it's
a huge time.
Let me yeah, I'm hearing this one. It's gonna be like, certain parts of the country are much better than others. But yeah, new york. It's like, I can't really imagine because like until they have a vaccine that she's like, even if young people like us that are like probably not going to get to pursue because we're still in contact with people that could like Yeah.
Yeah, it's bad like in some of the parks, like people will be sitting on the lawns and stuff and like the cops are around but they're not doing anything. But yeah, that they really should. It's like, like if I'm out I'll be like moving up biking or something. So like I won't be like near anyone. And then like when you go to the grocery store all, Luckily I have one near me that's open 24 hours so I'll just go at odd hours. And because
yeah, you're like really close to people so I avoid that. But yeah, it's interesting the like, so you start doing much because yeah, if they were a stricter like that would definitely help things get better more
quickly.
I
don't
know. I did say that, but like it doesn't seem like
they're
Yeah, and it's like the police are there, but it's like they're not even so much as like going up to a group and saying because like I say, people like without masks and stuff, it's like
that
would be that much like, hey sir, like put on a mask and you're not
doing
that.
Well
Mm. Yeah, it's too much. Yeah, my parents are up in Westchester new york so I was thinking of like going up but then it's just like oh well I'm quoting from the city so it's like I mean get tested and stuff. But yeah, I'll see. Maybe uh yeah at some point I'll go up to change of a C. A. Yeah, no one here is a nice at least I can like walk places and yeah and I'll see because with the Department of health it's like maybe they'll I'll see when they start reopening with different precautions but it's definitely going to be a bit,
that's true with yeah. With mine the reason is probably just because it's like a lot of like protected health information of patients and like different here but um concerns. But um, but yeah, definitely my team has been like able to do all our work and like all our meetings that would be in person. Like it's easy to just do it real human stuff. So yeah. And like yeah, in my role, I don't deal with actual patients. It's more like workflows that health center. So yeah, I, I could see them definitely like giving the stops and and then it would kind of just be up to our team and then we're like depending on a situation to go if we live with like roommates or whatever like we don't want to hey
but
this
All
Yeah. Yeah, I've seen different articles like, oh, what are they gonna, how are they going to change the setup of offices now? Because like yeah who knows like a couple of big money and stuff like and just like spread everyone out and like maybe they just won't really have meetings in small rooms anymore in general like because yeah a lot of you could do a web bags do it like spin share, show the slide back there like they even like features to press the like raise hand button. So yeah it's like.
that's
and then health care it's just like they're yeah they're waving a lot of the um regulations because like the priority is like making sure people like you can see their doctor remotely like so you can like do like uh like a Skype for a doctor's visit, you don't have to use that like official software anymore just because like a patient like my be like older and like it's too hard
for
them,
they're out like downloading all the stuff so. Yeah so that's really that's a really nice uh one thing they changed
and yeah just like working from home and like having access to that data like yeah the health department before it was like they have to grant everyone like VPN access one by one so it's like they would just do a tv had an extenuating circumstance. But yeah that that was a process getting everyone up and running but yeah.
Yeah
absolutely.
I wonder yeah and also in terms of other like conspiracy things like that. I um I remember back in like the early fall in the U. S. When they were like those vaping related deaths. Like there's something that like oh maybe like it was in the US earlier and maybe some of those were linked
to
the virus rather than just like the bad battery or whatever they said it was. But I want, yeah, just the severity of it, it's like
email
and
it's
like they don't even have like they can't even confirm that that's like the most likely theory. But yeah,
no,
it's a wild yeah, like the level of population, that's the
number.
Or
I
wonder
yeah, it's yeah,
Never.
it's just never been anything like it. Yeah. It's like it's changing the yeah, everyone's lifestyle.
Right. They haven't figured out the level of antibodies you need to know, you're not gonna get it again. So like right now the antibody tests they have isn't isn't very useful because like just because you have antibodies doesn't mean you can't get it again. So um Yeah, because there have already been cases in like china and other countries where people got it again and even within the Department of health like we have a we've been doing lots of surveillance and yeah there have been people who like tested positive and then like a month and a half tested positive again. So I mean I don't think a pattern that longer if they got it again but still you know we've been hearing that it's two or three weeks would be max and probably like 7-10 days just the duration. So.
well.
Well
wow. So I guess I guess I didn't look at how long last year maybe then bring Russian people back to our like I know we're like certain essential jobs. It's like yeah they're not taking care not taking some of those precautions are good construction workers. It's just because like they like this important things that have to like they need it but that's a long time. Yeah,
And
it's pretty accurate yeah so that's uh most of the time it says positive like it is uh
still
so much better, they don't know but I hope yes. Yeah
I
and
I wonder, I mean I guess just a lot of online shopping people at home like board, like they're just buying things, maybe that's why for like makeup or like a platoon bike, they can't go to the gym so
thank you.
Yeah some of the the nice luxury gym assad's so. Uh huh.
Seriously?
Yeah it will. Hello? Yeah. Uh Do you have like any siblings at home or such as you and your parents?
So I came home? Okay cool. You have a sister that's also um in the city. But yeah she's like a mile from me so I'm like well then like going to the park with her a couple of times. But
she works for like the big cancer hospital Memorial Sloan Kettering. So she's working from home as well. Yeah, we're both in the public health field. But
Yeah so I have um one roommate, I did have two roommates before but the one worked as a good bartender so she um like she was laid off so she went home and her dad as a company he's working for. But
yeah my one roommate works um for a news company so she is like going in like a couple of times a week for like a few hours just because certain job roles like she has to be there in person but like they're paying for her an Uber there and back so she doesn't have to worry about any of that. They like putting food in so that she doesn't have to leave. So they're like taking as many precautions as they can.
And
then like yeah and then when she gets home so like chains and shower and like wash up and we're disinfecting a lot so so that's yeah that's good and like we're neither of us is like seeing any older relatives or things. So yeah we're trying to yeah safe with this. Grand.
Um Not too bad. I used this app called Rumi. That was really good. So you can I really wanted to just move in somewhere where I just replaced someone
and like it was the appointment with your friends and stuff rather than having to deal with it actually an unfurnished apartment getting all of that. But yeah I got like a lot of options. I like two weeks I found like for good choices and then it's nice because you can like see pictures, chat with the person through the app and then like not go see it in person and tell it like it seems like a good fit. But yeah it was like really efficient and then
like people's leases ended all different times like the 15th of first, but sometimes like the person moves out earlier than that, so it's like oh yeah anytime between the seventh and 15th you can move in. So yeah it's really good. Um
And like yeah so it's rom with the I like no e. At the end. Well yeah I highly recommend that. And then they have like a mini background check they call it, I think it's only like $5. But like um they just they look at your like lengthen or whatever and that's connected to so you can kind of like see that a person is legit and I yeah so I remember one of them I looked at the person was like oh yeah your linked in like I work at a similar like healthcare things. So yeah it's like you can see a bit about the person too, so it's not like a completely random craigslist listing and
then
you got your preferences. Yeah that was yeah that worked really well. My sister used that for her apartment to.
It
is
probably in Manhattan. Yeah so I'm in um queens Long Island city um just used in Manhattan. But yeah it's like a quick like train ride in to Manhattan and like lots of parks and things but yeah it's like a way cheaper. Um you can get way more space which is nice but um in Manhattan if you live with one roommate like yeah I looked at a couple apartments there, it was like a They like it would be two roommates and then my but I was trying to go like under 1500 and I had to have like two remains to get like a decent sized place
and like
some of them had like a bunch of floors walk up. But yeah my place now is only like 900 and now I only have one movement since the one went home. So that took a steel it's like plenty of space like grocery store in Subway right there um different parks but
and
you see this okay and yeah so that's that's that
works.
that's yeah that's definitely trade off like in Manhattan you can like it can definitely you can get a little cheaper if you like, have like a few floors. But yeah, I did that at my old place and it's a lot when you have lunch, like we get used to it with everything else. Just laundry. It was the only bad, the only bad thing. Heavy groceries.
All
And yeah, that's one consideration. Yeah. Right now I'm on the um second floor. But yeah, I remember that first. I was like, my parents wanted like to live somewhere with like a doorman just to be actually stage. But like have that. It's like really really? That was they were like okay, like and that's mostly like the luxury buildings where they have like different amenities like we've talked and stuff. But yeah, I'll try to do that next. Yeah, I want to my like because my budget will be higher. But yeah, there's a lot of uh luxury buildings like that's worth it. You have like nice rooftop right there, some of them have a gym inside it, um dorm, like a package room, laundry inside. Yeah. Right now I have to walk to the laundromat, but that's not yeah, that's not so bad. I got used to that quickly.
Well being um you can factor in. But yeah, some of my friends have laundry in their place, especially the luxury buildings and like with the luxury buildings if you don't mind like a small room, like you would you do that. Like there was one, I looked at that um it was like near my office. But yeah, another thing that I didn't want was that it didn't have grocery stories right near it. So yeah, you can kind of yeah pick your, pick like your dealbreakers and Yeah.
I feel safe. Yeah and I purposely wanted somewhere where like even at night if I come home late by myself like there will be like people around, I won't feel isolated. There's like a um grocery stores like open 24 hours, there's like
a fast food place that's open until like two. So yeah, I wanted that. But yeah um and like definitely when you're looking at places like try to walk by there at night to see because yeah a side street, even in like a nicer area, it's just like there's a chance that doesn't make what happened. It's like it is a completely by yourself. But um yeah a lot of places in the in the city are fine. Um Like a lot of Manhattan and like my area of queens is good. A lot
of my friends live in Brooklyn as well, Williamsburg. Greenpoint are really popular
Cool. And you can get yeah you can get a lot more space um in Brooklyn to again just kind of a trade off like if you don't mind like a 45 minute commute to work if you work in Manhattan. Um anyway like you could um find like something much more decent but yeah for me I wanted a quick, quicker commute. But yeah let's take At this point yeah 40 minute commute that's like it's like common like to have it under three
but right now I'm like only my office is in Long Island city in queens. So yeah I can It's like a 25 minute walk so be a bit long but that's nice to have the walking option like like I would walk a lot.
And
that's.
yeah um Let's say So I
guess we're at about 25 minutes. Yeah. Um
I I'll have work starting at nine so well Yeah
probably good cards in. Yeah I mean I don't know that still 10, which is nice but yeah. Check my emails and stuff mm.
Yeah it's nice to meet you. Hopefully
things are good in their job search as well. Mhm.
I mean we just close out of this data