you mean? Mm
good. How are you
nana? Well, where are you like located?
Oh cool. And the massachusetts?
Yeah. I'm just like 20 minutes out of the city. I live in the suburbs. Yeah. How old are you?
Okay. I'm 23. Almost 24.
I graduated in 2018. Okay.
I went to U mass. Amherst. What about you?
Okay. Oh, I think I know a few people who weren't there, I'm not sure because then there's like our I. T. Also that's different.
do you do?
that's relevant.
That's really fine.
Um So I work in finance. I work um at Hilton, but I was furloughed, so I was living in California when I got furloughed. I came home, come home. Yeah.
Um san Francisco area. Yeah,
it's okay. I mean, I, the pace is like so different from here. I mean, I grew up
in massachusetts, so um, like it's just so differently. People are like really like slow on the sidewalks. They're like not in a rush to go anywhere ever. Um I feel like everyone is like, you're kind of like hi strong and I was like, no, you guys are just to chill and I'm like not used to this. Um And like even, I mean like, yeah, like California, like that's generally the vibe, but like san Francisco was like a city and so it was just different for me to see like a city pace, it's not up there.
Yeah, and it's interesting too because like when I first graduated, I lived in New Orleans for a year and like New Orleans was like just like so out of whack, like it was like kind of fast paced, but like it just very slow and so I remember, I mean, I don't know if it's like this in new york, but it probably is like, I don't like you never talk to people on the sidewalk, like you're walking in city, you just minding your own business. And then like, I would like leave my apartment and was like, hi, good morning. And I like didn't answer because I was like, are you talking to me? I don't know you, and I had to like figure it out because I was like, people think I'm rude, like people were like, that's really rude of you not to say I was like, but I like I just don't know what a stranger to me, so
just
People like see like fall on your face and there's like walk around you, Sorry?
Yeah, I'm doing things to stay busy too, and you're working. I'm probably working on time actually.
What
clothes?
Yeah, it's crazy. I think like so I got furloughed in at the end of March, so I just like took all my stuff and like, like I moved back home essentially. Um and like I didn't leave my house for the whole month of april look, I didn't go outside ones
and then now I'm like, wow, I really need something like sunlight and like contact with things other than like my house. So, but I look pretty quarantined. I've like, I'm socially distant hung out with like one friend just like you're just like made like I'm like, I feel like I'm like I'm not going to be socialized by the end of this, like you like forget how to talk to people it.
One
like happy hour.
Just weird
and I'm like,
And it's funny like my birthday's on June eight, so everyone's like, Oh my gosh, like everything is going to be open. I'm like, I'm not going in right, like there's no chance I go to a bar like no.
Yeah. And I just like, I mean it's just surprising to me that in new york people are like kind of going out and about because I feel like even if you're, even if you're like not like be like our board, like whatever, like your risk of getting sick there is so much higher because there's so many people who are infected.
Call it smart.
Well
I thought that I thought they like implemented fines for people who are like out and not socially distance. I don't know
if
it's
you're
not being enforced.
That's
crazy.
It's
just
like, it sucks. It's just not mindful look at the people with other people, like people are being careless and then you could be like really cautious but you
have to go to the grocery store or something and then risk because other people just don't care,
But I feel like even if if um they reopen, I think like if you guys are able to work like do your work from home, I'll probably just stick with it right? Like they don't because I know like here like they're starting to open workplaces um everywhere but in actual boston and I'm like what? Like okay yeah you're allowed to but I feel like employers aren't gonna want to bring people in unless they literally can't do like their full job functions from home.
Yeah. When there's all like started like happening, I mean at first like my work when no one was taking it seriously and then and then we were still having like daily meetings like in like small meeting rooms. And then um someone like started feeling sick. So they were like, he was like oh that I'm just going to stay home. Um I think he ended up being fine. But after that like our gm was like okay, we're going to do phone call, we're gonna do our meeting's over like a like a webex phone call and
the first webex phone call we had, he's like okay, like everyone like say when you're here and then like our Hr director was like, oh it's me and I have the director of property ops and the director of um food beverage and um like one other person. And he's like that's not the point of this. Like now the four of you are on like one tiny office, like that's not why we're doing this. I was like, you guys
are so like Mhm. And she was like, well should we leave? And he's like, well no, it's it's too late now. We started like, I'm not waiting for everyone to go run back to their space. Just just silly like
people just don't get it. Like my boss, she's like, she's just like really gross. Like she had like always cough in her hand and then she like touch everything. And she had like this, I don't know, it's just like a lingering cough, but she had it for like three months where like it was like a little bit Flemmi and she just like always be like in your hand. I don't know how to tell like an adult older than me. Like any like why don't you just And so finally someone else said it to her and she was like well like I'm not wearing sleeves so like that's gross. I was like how is this grosser than your actual hand? And she looked like always sanitizing after I'm like okay one you're not but to like your copy your hand, you're touching the hand sanitizer, your pump is dirty now. Like and so I can? T leave before me. I would just go like Clorox her desk and like it or not wipe everything down. It was just it was just gross.
I was also I read an article about like how many like cyber security um invasions companies are going to have because of how many people are working from home right now. Actually. That was really interesting because they're like all like cos I didn't obviously anticipate this and didn't anticipate having to give people so much remote access to different things to be able to continue operations. So it'll be really interesting to see like once this all kind of quiets down how like you see the um security breaches popping up and like getting caught.
It has. I mean I don't think any companies are doing much right now in the process to be like we should like probably tighten up our cybersecurity because they probably don't have the extra money to do so right now. Like everything being so tight.
when
I
get home
warm
Yeah
it's crazy you know and it's just like interesting like like there's just gonna be like a whole new standard of normal after this is over.
Like there are so many things that aren't going to go back to how they were even when we do have a vaccine and like people are at ease. But it's just weird. Also like I just feel like I need to know if someone else thinks this, but I'm I like firmly believe that this is a man made disease. I do not think this came from like animals don't think this is like natural causes. I think like someone like made this in like a lab and like it actually accidentally got out or maybe on purpose.
That's
true.
And it also just doesn't sound like, I don't know like they knew so little about it and they're like, it came from bats and you're like, how did you guys find that out so quickly? But we know so like we still like there's so much about it that we don't know what we're able to like pinpoint it to bats. I don't know. Just sounds
fishy
to
me.
don't know. I just I don't know.
I think
it's
like and then like so shortly after we have like these like killer hornets. Like how did where did you come from? Like what's next?
I just I think I don't know. Maybe like maybe they were trying to like um like like a form of natural selection like just like meat out some people, a lot of places are getting overpopulated because I was reading like even with all the deaths that are happening, like the rate of like people being born is higher than people dying even with this. Well maybe because have out over populated places are getting or maybe it was like a terrorist thing. I don't know. I just think
it's
man made.
I can't get too deep into my conspiracy
thinking is where I get lost.
I don't know because they were saying that like once you get it and then you're you start testing negative your immune. But now they're saying that you can get it twice.
My friend, he's a nurse and I think he was like, he tested positive before I moved, so he must have had it at least in early March. And
yeah. And so he had like mild symptoms. Like he was like tired and achey and like shortness of breath. But he wasn't like it wasn't severe. And then he stopped having symptoms. But he tested positive again and again until
and I think maybe like two weeks ago, he because because when You probably know this if you have to take two tests within 48 hours and you have to test negative both times that you can go back to work. And so he just passed that Like two weeks ago Max.
And like, but it's weird because like once he stopped having symptoms, he didn't have symptoms again, but he kept testing positive so he couldn't go anywhere, he couldn't go back to work or do anything. Um So
one.
So he just went back to work and I'm like, I don't know if like, because I also feel like if you get it, like, just in general, like when you were sick, I need you catch something the second time, I feel like the second time is usually worse, or like, you know, gets you better, your body is weaker from it, So, but maybe it will take a minute when the
office.
I'm
like, it's like interesting um Like so many um like retail companies are like obviously suffering a lot from this, but I've been looking at jobs because I'm like, I'm not moving back to California, so I was just trying to find another job here in new york and there's so many, like, even Marcus is hiring um barney's is hiring, like makeup companies are hiring pelton's hiring, and I'm like, why are you guys hiring right now, A lot of you are going like into chapter 11, and so I'm
like, you guys are hiring for your headquarters, I don't feel like that's a great idea right now. So it's interesting to see like a lot of people, like a lot of companies have hiring freezes, but there's a lot of random companies and a lot in retail that are still looking to hire people, so maybe retail will bounce back from this, and I feel like that's not super likely
actually. Yeah, Palestine,
they've got like a lot of, lot of big boost in sales because of this, because you won't, like, I need to do something, But it's it's just surprising because like, there's a lot of people who are working, but a lot of companies have just like maybe reduced salaries to be able to keep their people around. So I'm like where do you have the disposable income for pelt on right now, because the bike is like two grand and then you have to pay like a monthly subscription. It's not like a one time, you know, expense, like continuous, but I mean, I guess it's the same as like paying for your gin everyone.
I don't know, and even like the amount of online shopping, I'm just surprised that more people aren't like trying to save their money right now because it's like who knows how secure your job is. And like if you lose your job right now, once like things go back to normal and people start hiring, there's at least such a big job market like I mean
like employee pool so I know it'll be interesting to see.
Um I have an older sister and she works in A. T. So she's like mostly working from home now.
that's good
That's cool. Do you have roommates
back then?
That's
going
Was it hard to find a roommate in new york?
But
that's cool.
It's called
that's
very
Mhm. I was so I was supposed to um I was eligible to transfer out of my position in May so I was planning like starting me to start looking, I never learned to move to D. C. Um But I don't know anyone there and then now like I've been looking at jobs in D. C. And D. C. Like has no jobs other than government jobs right now, no companies that are hiring. Um But I was like I for sure will have to get a room and if I moved to D. C. So I was like I don't know how I'm going to do that, although now I don't know I feel like I don't but then I'm thinking I'm like when I was in California like I live by myself and if I couldn't come home and I lived by myself like I would have lost my mind like I would have been so bored just like being by myself that much. So I'm like maybe it is time to get a roommate but new york has a lot of jobs hiring. So I'm kind of looking at maybe just going there for a year or two because I just don't want to wait until this is over to start looking at jobs and then it's convenient because it's close, I would have to get a room in new york too, so I could use that now because like it's it's crazy expensive out there, I mean here
too,
but
That's
it. Yeah.
Is your third roommate still paying like her portion of
the rent?
That's
good. Yeah, It's crazy. That's the one downside though, like I would not want to walk up. No, I'm not a big fan of stairs. Big.
Mhm. Although I mean my apartment in California, that was the first floor of a two unit like house and I was on the ground floor and I really didn't like that because I felt like I was like so vulnerable, like if someone tried to break in, like
they're coming to my place, they're not coming upstairs, not like that kind of was like me, but
Oh yeah. Yeah. I was like a deal breaker bring me. My dad was like, this place is great and you can just walk across the street to the one. I was like, no, no, sorry.
mm hmm. Do you feel safe there? Like do you get like touched out a lot or?
Please.
How?
Yeah, my friend from college just moved to Brooklyn like a couple of months ago. She loves it.
my eyes.
Yeah, in California, I lived like three miles away from my job and I was like, oh, like on nice days, like I could walk home if I don't think I would do that in the morning. But I was like not walkable because like so much of it was not side walked area so I couldn't even do that. Which like sucked because there are days when the weather was really nice especially like more recently like when the sun started setting later um
we were going to be nice just like relaxing walk to make but it was like not safe to walk these people drive stupid in California.
Oh nothing not not into it but that's cool. Mhm.
Home.
Right.
okay.
Okay cool. Well it's nice to meet you
have a good day.
All right and you just close the tab.