SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What's up?
SPEAKER_R: Oh looks like it's working.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. Um so I guess we're supposed to be here for like 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Where are we supposed to talk about?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I uh I think I read like that they were supposed to give us questions or something. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Really? I didn't I don't recall seeing any questions.
SPEAKER_L: I don't need me. I was wrong about that. I don't know. I have a 25 minute staring contest.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm not kidding. Were you from?
SPEAKER_L: Missouri
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're in misery. Too interesting.
SPEAKER_L: ST louis area. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah I'm in Kansas city area. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I've been there.
SPEAKER_R: At least some of Missouri. Yeah that's one that's where I live. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. I've been to ST louis many times. My son's going to school there, he's going to the university of his recent Lewis. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in college right now. I'm going
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: to Truman. I mean, I'm back for break, but
SPEAKER_R: Right. How are you? Breaker Covid?
SPEAKER_L: both a little bit. I mean, it started on a of course it's spring break. And then I just got an indefinite spring break until summer started. Which, you know here I am. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's how it was for him. I hear that they're going to start school back up though so uh that's going to be interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It kind of sucks. I think our classes are going to be short though, Like they're only going to give us class for like three months
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: and then,
SPEAKER_R: what I heard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Which is great for me. Like, I love online tests because, you know, just without all the clicking
SPEAKER_R: Report.
SPEAKER_L: and typing around me and all the pencils and everything, it's much easier to just get my stuff done.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I like online classes to put my son unfortunately he likes to actually talk and interact with people and everything so. But yeah, I hear ST louis has got it really bad or at least that's the worst part of the state where there's a lot more incidences or cases.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, I still haven't known anyone who's gotten it or anything. Um I mean not not anything that I had a cough the other week and I thought like maybe that's it for me, but I was fine within a couple of days. Like I think a lot of people are, who knows? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I too I don't know anyone who's caught it or die from it or anything like that so uh I know it exists. Uh huh. Um But the numbers are pretty scary so I know I was tested. Have you ever gotten the test for
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: I haven't.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I had to have the test because I had to have a procedure done at a hospital the other day. And so they wanted to get me checked out to make sure I didn't have it. And uh I meant to ask him what if I tested positive? You know like it could be any symptomatic. Would you tell me that I can't have the procedure? You know I mean it was kind of weird but it is
SPEAKER_L: I guess
SPEAKER_R: very.
SPEAKER_L: maybe it would depend. I'm sorry I interrupted.
SPEAKER_R: No it's ok. It's a very brutal test actually. They take the the swab and at least the lady at the clinic, she I thought you poke something really deep inside my nose. I was like gosh, that's And it burns like you get this little bad burning sensation, you want to sneeze, it, it hurts for like maybe 10 minutes
SPEAKER_L: It wasn't like a strep test or gets worse.
SPEAKER_R: I think worse. I mean strapped, they're just basically collecting, you know, some This stuff in your throat, you know your tonsils, they touch your tonsils that I'd rather have that 10 times
SPEAKER_L: See,
SPEAKER_R: over this. This is a long Q tip like stick and yeah, you have to lean your head back and then they
SPEAKER_L: Mommy,
SPEAKER_R: stick it right into your nostril um and I square, it feels like they're about to hit your brain, so
SPEAKER_L: Maybe that was just a really bad like Nurse, maybe someone who took it because I've had like strep tests before where it felt like someone had stabbed me in the throat. But also like if it's, you can tell it's been a nurse who's been there for like 30 years. They're just like, all right, let me do this and then, you know, it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Right. No, this was a doctor and when she came into the room at first it was kind of funny because she didn't even have like the scrubs or like the protective gear. She had her mask on, but she had like nothing else. And she didn't realize who I was at first. She didn't realize I was there for, you know, COVID-19 screening
SPEAKER_L: Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: and she called me by the wrong name and she had the wrong chart. She was not, she was not with it. I was like, I'm here for a covid screening And she was like, oh my, she goes, I got the wrong part. And
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: then,
SPEAKER_L: not very reassuring.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. And then she immediately put on the scrubs and everything. Like, you know, I'm like, aren't you glad that I don't have it because we're not protected at all. You know, you didn't. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Or on her part, if you were like immuno compromised or whatever and then she maybe had it, that would be like it could be a lawsuit in the works.
SPEAKER_R: Actually I kind of am. So yeah, I guess we got like some immune things going on in my family and my mom's side. So yeah, it's one of those things where um my husband's got I guess kind of like high blood pressure incidents or whatever and so yeah we're kind of like thinking we need to be careful where we go because um that's, my son works at the pharmacy and so I'm like he's thinking well he usually transfers, he works at the Walgreens and so he he's actually worked at the one in ST louis not from the school and so he thought about just quitting um and going to work somewhere else and I'm like well if you transfer it's kind of cool that you can actually transfer without quitting and you've got a job there in ST louis and he was like mom have you heard of the incidences in ST louis? And I'm like yeah and he was like I don't want to take the risk and I'm like you work here and here in Jackson
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: County
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: Missouri, we're starting to get more people so I'm like, you can get it here too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's I don't know, that's been my, you know hypothesis throughout all of this. Is that like, oh, I'll stay a safe distance from, you know, people who were at risk and my grandparents and everything, but like I think everyone's going to get it no matter what, that's, I've been algebra class before, I've seen exponential drafts, like, you know, I try to be respectful and everything, but it's like at the end of the day you're just, everyone's going to get it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, and I'm, you know, it's like when they first started saying you can't touch your face, I'm like, my nose will itch my eyes. Well, you know, I mean
SPEAKER_L: Game
SPEAKER_R: something I'm here in front of, you know, like I'm constantly touching
SPEAKER_L: before
SPEAKER_R: my face. So, um, I tried,
SPEAKER_L: I saw no. Sorry what?
SPEAKER_R: go ahead. I said, I try to avoid it, but you know.
SPEAKER_L: I saw, I don't remember, it was like at the very beginning of this, it was like some like world health official was like, okay, and you can't touch your face and then immediately she moved her hair and then touch your face and then that became big news. I don't think anyone can really keep up with. It was like that it's very difficult to get people to do anything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's um, it's really a bad situation and I don't know. I, I actually think my husband and I had got it back in january or december because I think, yeah, yeah, I, I think it was probably even around even before it was in china personally, but we had a lot of those symptoms. I'm going to say january, maybe december because I know her son wasn't back from school yet, the winter break. So I remember having this really bad cough. He almost needed, my husband, almost needed to the hospital because he could, like breathe very well. It was a very dry cough. I think I might have had a low grade fever and I lost my sense of taste for awhile. Very weird. And I was like, why can't I taste coffee? Why can't I taste peanut butter? I mean, I was trying to taste things that you normally can taste
SPEAKER_L: Uni
SPEAKER_R: And I it was weird and it lasted like for three or 4 days and every time we thought we were getting better, it came back with full force coughing hard time breathing. You know, it was, I can't talk. Um, and it lasted from those three, almost four weeks.
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Well um yeah, I told my doctor when I had my physical the other day, so I have a theory of whether it might have been that he was like, he goes, yeah, it sounds like you might have had it like okay, well we'll be
SPEAKER_L: Thanks doc. Um Yeah, I got really sick in december as well, although it was really weird for me, like I also had that same kind of like weakness and like loss of a sense of taste, but I didn't have any coffee or anything and
SPEAKER_R: kim
SPEAKER_L: I had a fever that was, I think 104 was the peak, so
SPEAKER_R: on,
SPEAKER_L: it was like crazy levels. My girlfriend had to drive me to the hospital and uh yeah, it was a shady hospital to the doctor there. I don't, he probably got his like med license and some Third world Island somewhere. But um he just gave me a bunch of muscle relaxants and he was like, this should help you feel better. I mean it did, but it was very odd
SPEAKER_R: That's rather
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: strange.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there were a bunch of insurance things with it and they were like that costs $2,000 and I was
SPEAKER_R: Kind
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: of like if you didn't have it, you might have got it there. Right, That's serious.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that was december is very cold out, we had no clue where to go because the hospital was designed, it was a rural midwestern hospital so not the not the highest quality service or you know anything. But
SPEAKER_R: like a state hospital or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I lived so you know, take what I can get.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Um Mhm. I don't know how long it's gonna last before they actually come up with a vaccine, but we
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: were talking about that somebody was like, well I wonder if the insurance will cover it and like of course we'll cover it once as you know, I'm approved. And the question is, how much of that vaccine will be available to cover everyone? And well, the people who have actually had it and recuperated, are they going to meet it? You know, make sure you spell that so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And how expensive will it be? That's another thing is like we'll probably just be rich people for a few weeks
SPEAKER_R: Right. Of course. Of course, naturally.
SPEAKER_L: for government people or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Um But uh yeah. I am. I wondered though, you know, it was in 1950s. They had polio. And to me When I first heard about COVID-19 I thought yeah, it sounds pretty bad. But I don't know. I mean I wasn't around when polio was, you know, affecting everyone, but to me that sounded much worse. Um
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: Did you just, you know, having to have the iron lung, you know, where people were actually having seen this thing? Well, really creepy. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and people weren't allowed to go outside and I don't know, well, they survived that somehow, But
SPEAKER_L: I'm I don't know I am in a class right now. It's called physiological psychology. They it's not even psychology, it's just like an anatomy class basically. I don't know why they call it that, but there was a section on like how it affected the central narrative system and like cost a bunch of degradation and how, you know, depending on the severity you could just, you know completely recover, have to be in a wheelchair. Yeah, the dreaded iron lung contraption, but I don't remember how they sure that
SPEAKER_R: Dr sulk. I
SPEAKER_L: get out.
SPEAKER_R: can't remember his first name but it was dr and
SPEAKER_L: that sounds yeah,
SPEAKER_R: he actually came out with the vaccine. And what's really highly commendable about in this the fact that he once he actually invented the the vaccine for it. He did not want a penny of profit from
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that back.
SPEAKER_L: think I remember hearing about that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm like the man you know should have been beautified or something because I mean that was just amazing that he didn't want anything out of it. Yeah. Yeah. Because I mean you have all these corporations right
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: now are vying to get this vaccine and then go they're going to make a lot of crosses when when they actually come up with the natural vaccine that works. Um I think I read somewhere the other day that um they're looking at Lonmin something about llamas. Um I don't know if it was the news. Um You have you heard of the immune um animals like from Australia? You know the answer?
SPEAKER_L: that's yeah
SPEAKER_R: think yeah I
SPEAKER_L: birds
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: I think or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There any of birds there they look like austrians or something. I don't know. They're huge anyway um Their oil a lot of times is you know quite medicinal and it's good for like my schools and other ailments. And I thought I read something about how they may actually help to pay for american. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: and I will be a weird source for that. You heard of the email war?
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: There was, I think it was very early Australia when there were like colonizers first settling in, like I read about this like five years ago so who knows how accurate it is. But um they trying to build up these settlements and then like he's heard of em use em you would just come through and like eat all their crops and then stampede over everything. So they, the Australian government like a long time ago they waged war on the birds, on the actual emails and then like they lost the war against birds, which is pretty hilarious.
SPEAKER_R: That's that's interesting. That's fun.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, maybe this can be even war too where they kill so many to get the oil from them.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Well and that's what's really scary is how many poachers will it be? You know um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: It's just a sad thing how a lot of animals get
SPEAKER_L: Time.
SPEAKER_R: on the endangered list because of poachers. Yeah I think we've got an animal may have something medicinal or you know something for aphrodisiac or whatever, you know it's weird. But um yeah.
SPEAKER_L: then most studies of course just say like, no, this is not true at all.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Who is it? Uh Some of the guerrillas were actually, um, the ones that people were poaching in africa, they would get like their hands or something for like some sort of, was it? Uh Uh huh. Good luck. Like a good luck charm or something like, I don't know. We're just
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: orders.
SPEAKER_L: not good luck for those animals.
SPEAKER_R: I'm right. Exactly. Were you know, elephant tests? You know the ivory? Um very responsible. Yeah. I think one way to take care of that is to make ivory, the cost of fiery go down. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't quite know how the supply and demand of that would work I think to
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: make the price go down, you just have to kill more elephants. Which yeah, you can just make fake ivory though. I'm sure people do that. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I wonder if they'll be fake. Covid vaccines.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, you know hydro color corn? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. This team cleaner or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: I carried the Brazilian, uh, president who uh, He just said it was covered 19 is like, it's just a little flu. You know, he's like nobody, it's just a little flu. And he just downplayed it. And brazil is like number two next to us, you know, because number one, right? Um And I guess, yeah, there's a lot of cases in brazil and I think he apparently recently got it. He's got COVID 19 and he's taking care of it with hydrochloric one. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I heard that they were actually doing studies on that and it was like the real deal. It's just a couple of people died because it was like a very uh a very inefficient way of getting it with a bunch of different additives and stuff. It was not safe. But I think the chemical compound itself was I guess proven to be safe.
SPEAKER_R: I think the first people that died from
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: do you think? Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because I heard that
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: they obtained it from, but they had a fish tank and that, so either they got something that looked like hydrochloric coin and they just it was you know, I had a different spelling and they got the wrong thing. I heard that I heard that it is a there's a distinct chemical compounds similar to what you were saying basically. There is there is one type but it's like the chemical agents are not because I think people were people who use it or for um, Libya's patients, people with us and that the so they were actually putting like some sort of a uh they're trying to bar people from getting it for that purpose. Like to prevent getting COVID-19 because it doesn't prevent you from getting it number one. But people who actually need it for lupus and I think there was another element, I'm not
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: sure if it was multiple sclerosis or not, but they had to I think places in europe like France had put a ban on it or that people were actually, you know, to make sure that it was used for rightfully for the people who were actually prescribed, you know? So
SPEAKER_L: Which makes sense. It's like, you know, I hate to say that the death is funny because, you know, it's very sad, but it's just it's funny that any time anything like that has suggested there's like a certain subset of people who will just go for it and like, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: drink
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: please.
SPEAKER_L: drink fish tank cleaner. Yeah. Why not?
SPEAKER_R: I don't understand it. I mean, you know, it's I don't know if it's I mean it's easy to say that they're dumb, they're stupid. Uh You know, I don't know if it's on a dare or what I mean, sometimes it's kind of like kids huffing, you know, are
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you huffing, you
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: know? Um So I don't know. Uh But yeah, they get missing from misinformation I think is the key and I think the lack of education in this country is was really hurting a lot of people so misinformation and not being able to read. I used to be a a tutor, a writing tutor at a community college. And you'd be surprised how many people came in who I'm like
SPEAKER_L: Come on.
SPEAKER_R: you graduated high school and like how like you know they would read stuff and they couldn't really, they had they lacked the knowledge and the know how of how to uh you know obtain several articles, read the articles and try and form their own opinion based on all the information that they gathered and have you know get that and attributed to the actual or even create a thesis. Of course that was really hard for them to do. But just have understanding just basic understanding about what you read and how to apply that. I mean that was the one thing that just, it boggles my mind how they were not capable of, of understanding just the gest of something. Or if it was, you know, somebody may have said something in an article in humor and they couldn't understand it that it was supposed to be meant as sarcasm or something like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've seen in a lot of like throughout high school and you know the one writing class that I had to take a couple of years ago, I think there's a tendency of students to, I guess just read like skim the articles and then kind of just spout platitudes that they think the teacher will agree with, which I've done that. But I trying to do it very carefully so that I would get the a. But
SPEAKER_R: The main idea of every paragraph. Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't think most people care beyond degree that they're going to get, which I guess kind of sucks. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean there of course there's a lot of your prerequisite classes and like I don't care about X, Y and Z and I just need great to just move on. I told
SPEAKER_L: They're
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: more worried about beer, various other alcoholic bed reduce. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's it's it's one of the things that they can, a lot of times I think I had to explain to some students, it's essential in order to understand what you're reading, not just for the class, but just a basic Lead and understanding and one day you're gonna have to figure it out, you know, so that tells you drinking bleach will cure, you know, COVID-19, you know, um you can actually read into that and think about it and then probably read what bleach actually does to your system.
SPEAKER_L: Not much reading comprehension when you use the foot them. Well, I guess it's been 25 minutes
SPEAKER_R: It's been 25 minutes. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: if, well
SPEAKER_R: certain.
SPEAKER_L: that was a nice conversation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're able
SPEAKER_L: Even
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: cooler that we're getting paid for it.
SPEAKER_R: that's yeah we are. Yeah. So I guess we just close this window and
SPEAKER_L: I guess.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: want so
SPEAKER_L: I'm I don't know how any of this stuff works, but
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah, I've done something like this once before. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: and I think, yeah, you just go back to the I think it's the other window
SPEAKER_L: It's okay. I guess. Just was this one? Well, it was nice to talk to you,
SPEAKER_R: same. Same here, have a good day or good evening,
SPEAKER_L: mm. Me too.