Yeah. What's up?
that's cool. Um so I guess we're supposed to be here for like 25 minutes.
I don't know. I uh I think I read like that they were supposed to give us questions or something. Yeah,
I don't need me. I was wrong about that. I don't know. I have a 25 minute staring contest.
Missouri
ST louis area. Mhm.
I've been there.
That's cool.
I'm in college right now. I'm going
to Truman. I mean, I'm back for break, but
both a little bit. I mean, it started on a of course it's spring break. And then I just got an indefinite spring break until summer started. Which, you know here I am. Yeah.
Yeah. It kind of sucks. I think our classes are going to be short though, Like they're only going to give us class for like three months
and then,
Yeah. Which is great for me. Like, I love online tests because, you know, just without all the clicking
and typing around me and all the pencils and everything, it's much easier to just get my stuff done.
Yeah. I mean, I still haven't known anyone who's gotten it or anything. Um I mean not not anything that I had a cough the other week and I thought like maybe that's it for me, but I was fine within a couple of days. Like I think a lot of people are, who knows? Yeah.
No,
I haven't.
I guess
maybe it would depend. I'm sorry I interrupted.
It wasn't like a strep test or gets worse.
See,
Mommy,
Maybe that was just a really bad like Nurse, maybe someone who took it because I've had like strep tests before where it felt like someone had stabbed me in the throat. But also like if it's, you can tell it's been a nurse who's been there for like 30 years. They're just like, all right, let me do this and then, you know, it's fine.
Sorry.
that's
not very reassuring.
Or on her part, if you were like immuno compromised or whatever and then she maybe had it, that would be like it could be a lawsuit in the works.
Thank
you.
Yeah, that's I don't know, that's been my, you know hypothesis throughout all of this. Is that like, oh, I'll stay a safe distance from, you know, people who were at risk and my grandparents and everything, but like I think everyone's going to get it no matter what, that's, I've been algebra class before, I've seen exponential drafts, like, you know, I try to be respectful and everything, but it's like at the end of the day you're just, everyone's going to get it.
Game
before
I saw no. Sorry what?
I saw, I don't remember, it was like at the very beginning of this, it was like some like world health official was like, okay, and you can't touch your face and then immediately she moved her hair and then touch your face and then that became big news. I don't think anyone can really keep up with. It was like that it's very difficult to get people to do anything.
Uni
That's crazy.
Thanks doc. Um Yeah, I got really sick in december as well, although it was really weird for me, like I also had that same kind of like weakness and like loss of a sense of taste, but I didn't have any coffee or anything and
I had a fever that was, I think 104 was the peak, so
it was like crazy levels. My girlfriend had to drive me to the hospital and uh yeah, it was a shady hospital to the doctor there. I don't, he probably got his like med license and some Third world Island somewhere. But um he just gave me a bunch of muscle relaxants and he was like, this should help you feel better. I mean it did, but it was very odd
and then
Yeah, there were a bunch of insurance things with it and they were like that costs $2,000 and I was
with
Yeah, that was december is very cold out, we had no clue where to go because the hospital was designed, it was a rural midwestern hospital so not the not the highest quality service or you know anything. But
I lived so you know, take what I can get.
I mean
Yeah. And how expensive will it be? That's another thing is like we'll probably just be rich people for a few weeks
for government people or whatever.
Uh
Yeah.
I'm I don't know I am in a class right now. It's called physiological psychology. They it's not even psychology, it's just like an anatomy class basically. I don't know why they call it that, but there was a section on like how it affected the central narrative system and like cost a bunch of degradation and how, you know, depending on the severity you could just, you know completely recover, have to be in a wheelchair. Yeah, the dreaded iron lung contraption, but I don't remember how they sure that
get out.
that sounds yeah,
I
think I remember hearing about that.
Yeah.
that's yeah
birds
I think or something like that.
and I will be a weird source for that. You heard of the email war?
There was, I think it was very early Australia when there were like colonizers first settling in, like I read about this like five years ago so who knows how accurate it is. But um they trying to build up these settlements and then like he's heard of em use em you would just come through and like eat all their crops and then stampede over everything. So they, the Australian government like a long time ago they waged war on the birds, on the actual emails and then like they lost the war against birds, which is pretty hilarious.
But yeah, maybe this can be even war too where they kill so many to get the oil from them.
Okay.
Time.
then most studies of course just say like, no, this is not true at all.
That's
not good luck for those animals.
I don't quite know how the supply and demand of that would work I think to
make the price go down, you just have to kill more elephants. Which yeah, you can just make fake ivory though. I'm sure people do that. Okay.
I wonder if they'll be fake. Covid vaccines.
Yeah. This team cleaner or whatever.
I heard that they were actually doing studies on that and it was like the real deal. It's just a couple of people died because it was like a very uh a very inefficient way of getting it with a bunch of different additives and stuff. It was not safe. But I think the chemical compound itself was I guess proven to be safe.
What
do you think? Yeah. Yeah.
It's
And
Which makes sense. It's like, you know, I hate to say that the death is funny because, you know, it's very sad, but it's just it's funny that any time anything like that has suggested there's like a certain subset of people who will just go for it and like, yeah,
I'll
drink fish tank cleaner. Yeah. Why not?
And
she
Come on.
Yeah. I've seen in a lot of like throughout high school and you know the one writing class that I had to take a couple of years ago, I think there's a tendency of students to, I guess just read like skim the articles and then kind of just spout platitudes that they think the teacher will agree with, which I've done that. But I trying to do it very carefully so that I would get the a. But
Yeah. I don't think most people care beyond degree that they're going to get, which I guess kind of sucks. But yeah.
They're
more worried about beer, various other alcoholic bed reduce. Yeah.
Not much reading comprehension when you use the foot them. Well, I guess it's been 25 minutes
if, well
that was a nice conversation.
Even
cooler that we're getting paid for it.
I guess.
I mean
I'm I don't know how any of this stuff works, but
Okay.
It's okay. I guess. Just was this one? Well, it was nice to talk to you,
mm. Me too.