Oh looks like it's working.
Yeah. Where are we supposed to talk about?
Really? I didn't I don't recall seeing any questions.
Yeah, I'm not kidding. Were you from?
Oh you're in misery. Too interesting.
okay. Yeah I'm in Kansas city area. Oh
At least some of Missouri. Yeah that's one that's where I live. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. I've been to ST louis many times. My son's going to school there, he's going to the university of his recent Lewis. Yeah.
What?
Right. How are you? Breaker Covid?
that's how it was for him. I hear that they're going to start school back up though so uh that's going to be interesting.
That's
what I heard.
Report.
Yeah. Yeah. I like online classes to put my son unfortunately he likes to actually talk and interact with people and everything so. But yeah, I hear ST louis has got it really bad or at least that's the worst part of the state where there's a lot more incidences or cases.
I too I don't know anyone who's caught it or die from it or anything like that so uh I know it exists. Uh huh. Um But the numbers are pretty scary so I know I was tested. Have you ever gotten the test for
it?
Yeah. I had to have the test because I had to have a procedure done at a hospital the other day. And so they wanted to get me checked out to make sure I didn't have it. And uh I meant to ask him what if I tested positive? You know like it could be any symptomatic. Would you tell me that I can't have the procedure? You know I mean it was kind of weird but it is
very.
No it's ok. It's a very brutal test actually. They take the the swab and at least the lady at the clinic, she I thought you poke something really deep inside my nose. I was like gosh, that's And it burns like you get this little bad burning sensation, you want to sneeze, it, it hurts for like maybe 10 minutes
I think worse. I mean strapped, they're just basically collecting, you know, some This stuff in your throat, you know your tonsils, they touch your tonsils that I'd rather have that 10 times
over this. This is a long Q tip like stick and yeah, you have to lean your head back and then they
stick it right into your nostril um and I square, it feels like they're about to hit your brain, so
Right. No, this was a doctor and when she came into the room at first it was kind of funny because she didn't even have like the scrubs or like the protective gear. She had her mask on, but she had like nothing else. And she didn't realize who I was at first. She didn't realize I was there for, you know, COVID-19 screening
and she called me by the wrong name and she had the wrong chart. She was not, she was not with it. I was like, I'm here for a covid screening And she was like, oh my, she goes, I got the wrong part. And
then,
yeah. And then she immediately put on the scrubs and everything. Like, you know, I'm like, aren't you glad that I don't have it because we're not protected at all. You know, you didn't. So yeah.
Actually I kind of am. So yeah, I guess we got like some immune things going on in my family and my mom's side. So yeah, it's one of those things where um my husband's got I guess kind of like high blood pressure incidents or whatever and so yeah we're kind of like thinking we need to be careful where we go because um that's, my son works at the pharmacy and so I'm like he's thinking well he usually transfers, he works at the Walgreens and so he he's actually worked at the one in ST louis not from the school and so he thought about just quitting um and going to work somewhere else and I'm like well if you transfer it's kind of cool that you can actually transfer without quitting and you've got a job there in ST louis and he was like mom have you heard of the incidences in ST louis? And I'm like yeah and he was like I don't want to take the risk and I'm like you work here and here in Jackson
County
Missouri, we're starting to get more people so I'm like, you can get it here too.
Yeah, I mean, and I'm, you know, it's like when they first started saying you can't touch your face, I'm like, my nose will itch my eyes. Well, you know, I mean
something I'm here in front of, you know, like I'm constantly touching
my face. So, um, I tried,
go ahead. I said, I try to avoid it, but you know.
Yeah. It's um, it's really a bad situation and I don't know. I, I actually think my husband and I had got it back in january or december because I think, yeah, yeah, I, I think it was probably even around even before it was in china personally, but we had a lot of those symptoms. I'm going to say january, maybe december because I know her son wasn't back from school yet, the winter break. So I remember having this really bad cough. He almost needed, my husband, almost needed to the hospital because he could, like breathe very well. It was a very dry cough. I think I might have had a low grade fever and I lost my sense of taste for awhile. Very weird. And I was like, why can't I taste coffee? Why can't I taste peanut butter? I mean, I was trying to taste things that you normally can taste
And I it was weird and it lasted like for three or 4 days and every time we thought we were getting better, it came back with full force coughing hard time breathing. You know, it was, I can't talk. Um, and it lasted from those three, almost four weeks.
Well um yeah, I told my doctor when I had my physical the other day, so I have a theory of whether it might have been that he was like, he goes, yeah, it sounds like you might have had it like okay, well we'll be
kim
on,
That's rather
strange.
Kind
of like if you didn't have it, you might have got it there. Right, That's serious.
like a state hospital or something. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Um Mhm. I don't know how long it's gonna last before they actually come up with a vaccine, but we
were talking about that somebody was like, well I wonder if the insurance will cover it and like of course we'll cover it once as you know, I'm approved. And the question is, how much of that vaccine will be available to cover everyone? And well, the people who have actually had it and recuperated, are they going to meet it? You know, make sure you spell that so
Right. Of course. Of course, naturally.
Um But uh yeah. I am. I wondered though, you know, it was in 1950s. They had polio. And to me When I first heard about COVID-19 I thought yeah, it sounds pretty bad. But I don't know. I mean I wasn't around when polio was, you know, affecting everyone, but to me that sounded much worse. Um
Did you just, you know, having to have the iron lung, you know, where people were actually having seen this thing? Well, really creepy. Um
and people weren't allowed to go outside and I don't know, well, they survived that somehow, But
Dr sulk. I
can't remember his first name but it was dr and
he actually came out with the vaccine. And what's really highly commendable about in this the fact that he once he actually invented the the vaccine for it. He did not want a penny of profit from
that back.
Yeah. I'm like the man you know should have been beautified or something because I mean that was just amazing that he didn't want anything out of it. Yeah. Yeah. Because I mean you have all these corporations right
now are vying to get this vaccine and then go they're going to make a lot of crosses when when they actually come up with the natural vaccine that works. Um I think I read somewhere the other day that um they're looking at Lonmin something about llamas. Um I don't know if it was the news. Um You have you heard of the immune um animals like from Australia? You know the answer?
think yeah I
think
Yeah. There any of birds there they look like austrians or something. I don't know. They're huge anyway um Their oil a lot of times is you know quite medicinal and it's good for like my schools and other ailments. And I thought I read something about how they may actually help to pay for american. I don't know.
No.
That's that's interesting. That's fun.
Right. Yeah. Well and that's what's really scary is how many poachers will it be? You know um
It's just a sad thing how a lot of animals get
on the endangered list because of poachers. Yeah I think we've got an animal may have something medicinal or you know something for aphrodisiac or whatever, you know it's weird. But um yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Who is it? Uh Some of the guerrillas were actually, um, the ones that people were poaching in africa, they would get like their hands or something for like some sort of, was it? Uh Uh huh. Good luck. Like a good luck charm or something like, I don't know. We're just
orders.
I'm right. Exactly. Were you know, elephant tests? You know the ivory? Um very responsible. Yeah. I think one way to take care of that is to make ivory, the cost of fiery go down. Yeah. Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Oh, you know hydro color corn? Yeah.
I carried the Brazilian, uh, president who uh, He just said it was covered 19 is like, it's just a little flu. You know, he's like nobody, it's just a little flu. And he just downplayed it. And brazil is like number two next to us, you know, because number one, right? Um And I guess, yeah, there's a lot of cases in brazil and I think he apparently recently got it. He's got COVID 19 and he's taking care of it with hydrochloric one. So yeah,
I think the first people that died from
it
because I heard that
they obtained it from, but they had a fish tank and that, so either they got something that looked like hydrochloric coin and they just it was you know, I had a different spelling and they got the wrong thing. I heard that I heard that it is a there's a distinct chemical compounds similar to what you were saying basically. There is there is one type but it's like the chemical agents are not because I think people were people who use it or for um, Libya's patients, people with us and that the so they were actually putting like some sort of a uh they're trying to bar people from getting it for that purpose. Like to prevent getting COVID-19 because it doesn't prevent you from getting it number one. But people who actually need it for lupus and I think there was another element, I'm not
sure if it was multiple sclerosis or not, but they had to I think places in europe like France had put a ban on it or that people were actually, you know, to make sure that it was used for rightfully for the people who were actually prescribed, you know? So
drink
please.
I don't understand it. I mean, you know, it's I don't know if it's I mean it's easy to say that they're dumb, they're stupid. Uh You know, I don't know if it's on a dare or what I mean, sometimes it's kind of like kids huffing, you know, are
you huffing, you
know? Um So I don't know. Uh But yeah, they get missing from misinformation I think is the key and I think the lack of education in this country is was really hurting a lot of people so misinformation and not being able to read. I used to be a a tutor, a writing tutor at a community college. And you'd be surprised how many people came in who I'm like
you graduated high school and like how like you know they would read stuff and they couldn't really, they had they lacked the knowledge and the know how of how to uh you know obtain several articles, read the articles and try and form their own opinion based on all the information that they gathered and have you know get that and attributed to the actual or even create a thesis. Of course that was really hard for them to do. But just have understanding just basic understanding about what you read and how to apply that. I mean that was the one thing that just, it boggles my mind how they were not capable of, of understanding just the gest of something. Or if it was, you know, somebody may have said something in an article in humor and they couldn't understand it that it was supposed to be meant as sarcasm or something like
The main idea of every paragraph. Right. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean there of course there's a lot of your prerequisite classes and like I don't care about X, Y and Z and I just need great to just move on. I told
it.
It's it's it's one of the things that they can, a lot of times I think I had to explain to some students, it's essential in order to understand what you're reading, not just for the class, but just a basic Lead and understanding and one day you're gonna have to figure it out, you know, so that tells you drinking bleach will cure, you know, COVID-19, you know, um you can actually read into that and think about it and then probably read what bleach actually does to your system.
It's been 25 minutes. Yeah,
certain.
Yeah, we're able
to
that's yeah we are. Yeah. So I guess we just close this window and
you
want so
yeah. Yeah, I've done something like this once before. Um
and I think, yeah, you just go back to the I think it's the other window
same. Same here, have a good day or good evening,