Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm. Mhm. Okay. Burning. Mhm.
All
Oh you're good you're good you're here.
my gosh
you're looking at me. Oh my gosh that's so funny. Uh
That's
so funny. Okay well I'm glad it worked.
no.
Okay well that's good. You're
here?
Where are you from?
Whoa. Oh Virginia. I like didn't hear you. I'm sorry Virginia,
you're good now. That sounds good. Okay
so
Virginia,
I'm from New Hampshire.
Yeah like east Coast. Yeah that's cool.
No I don't think so. I'm terrible geography so like
I
can't
sure.
Some
this is like my third time doing it so
I've done
it a few times. What
about you
second?
That's cool. That's interesting. Yeah
this is kind of cool.
Wait what were you gonna say?
I think like the premise for the study is there they're like studying how people like socialize and interact and stuff and like have conversations especially
during
the
pandemic.
Yeah with people they don't know and especially like with quarantine and stuff like and how that affects like your emotions and stuff like that, like the impacts of conversation and socialization which is kind of cool. I like it,
I like
it.
For real for real. They very current. What have you been doing to keep yourself entertained and during this time?
That's smart.
That's
good.
cool. That's
really good. You have that option to work from home?
You still have to do that anyway. Yeah.
So for me it was a little bit more like jarring I guess not really, but I'm in school right now. So um like I had to come home and everything and be home with my family, I'm with my parents like living at home right now. But I had to stop like midway through spring semester and like go online completely which was like, it was very different but you got to do what you gotta do, you
know?
And
Oh my gosh,
it's
so
crazy.
I know.
Yeah, it's really crazy to be in school right now, but I'm kind of happy I'm in the middle of school, I'm going into my junior year so I'm hoping it'll kind of settle down. I got a little bit of like normal a few normal years so at least I got that I feel bad for like people who are graduating and like just starting their careers because the job market right now is just terrible. Like
at least I'm in school and I'm just going to try and stay in school till this is over because I don't want to be
like searching for a
job.
I don't know.
Yeah, true, true.
It's like, I mean no one's in a good situation, it just sounds like
we
all
lose
something
for
uh it's funny um
I know,
yeah, it's pretty crazy right now and just with the schools and most of them are online and making all the decisions, no one's happy. That's the that's the end result, like whatever they do, someone's gonna be mad so
I
don't
even
know.
So yeah, pretty much the current
situation.
Uh Yeah, so basically I go to school in new york and the governor, there is really strict obviously because new york city was so bad. So basically they've they've said like most states aren't allowed to come back for live classes, but they've let a few states where it's been shown that it's not too serious, were allowed to come back. New Hampshire is one of those states, so we're allowed to come back and they're going to do like super stepped like in class teaching with super small class sizes, masks, social distancing, all that stuff, so they're going to try and do it, we'll see how well it works. I live off campus, which makes it a little easier. I feel super bad for anyone living like in dorms and stuff. Like it's just so complicated and crazy right now.
Yeah, I'm not moved in yet, but in a month I'm moving into my apartment with some of my roommates, so that will be really good too. Just like have some people you know to be with you and they'll be there for me and support each other and stuff, so Yeah.
exactly. It's
it's
so
selfish and sad to see like it makes me really sad and it's so sad. It's such a political issue now
because I don't understand how like someone's health can be political and we can be arguing about like health like everyone should just want to be healthy and have everyone else be healthy.
Why
for everyone
else?
I
know I know it's insane and that's their career. They've been doing it for years and people who say oh we're gonna get co two poisoning like it's made
I can't
breathe like that kind of stuff. Doctors have been wearing masks for years and they are fine. It's so
silly
like surgery. Yeah. For
real
like people would
go
crazy.
No.
it's
the same thing. Yeah and it's just like it's just about there's so much on education about the issues which is just really sad to see like I have a friend actually who just she has a family who's really super like kind of uneducated about that stuff and very conservative ideals about that kind of stuff. And it's really hard to like talk to her about that kind of thing because she's just like mass are stupid like I don't understand, I can't breathe like but it's not for you like it's for everyone else around you.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah exactly like there's so many options if it's about comfort or whatever like
there's so many options like people even like put a bandana on over their face and that's better than nothing, you know?
like
it's
something.
You're not going to die, you'll live.
It's
so silly.
I know. I know there's just so much like building up like so much tension just builds up and like exploded all of a sudden and then with the whole like the protests going on and everything right now it just it's gotten so crazy like political and trump like all the stuff going on there and then like Kanye West going crazy all of you know like I don't know what's going on anymore, I don't even know
I know it's just so crazy but like at the same time so sad because it just it just spotlights how terrible mental health is like treated right now. It's like it's a mental health issue like he has bipolar and like it's just like so sad.
I know,
it's
embarrassing. It's
honestly
so embarrassing like it's so sad
going to europe and seeing all the other countries just actually taking precautions and being serious about this, it's
it's pretty crazy. I don't understand
like
it's like stubbornness,
I
don't even
know.
there's
no
like educated reasoned logical explanation to that kind of idea,
like
it's just being
stubborn.
I know and I can't believe that's like who they can put in charge of the country and it's so silly like politics
should not be a popularity contest, it shouldn't be about celebrities. I think it's so scary that we're even joking that a celebrity could become president because if we get to the point where celebrities are in politics like that's just not where we want to be like politicians and celebrities are different jobs like celebrities are for entertainment purposes only and trump is more on the celebrities trump so.
it's so
Exactly, it's
insane
and it's just like it's because politics has so much like money and and corruption and buying people out like there's just not a straight president or politician there just can't be because they rely on these companies to like put money into their campaigns and stuff so like they have to do stuff they won't agree with necessarily even like Obama like he couldn't come through with what he promised because he was just chained down by so many like companies and by the whole political system in the US
so. Yeah exactly.
It's
like
kind
of crazy.
I know.
I
know it's kind of crazy. It's kind of like we need to redo our whole system but like how would that even happen?
Yeah. I know
it's
it's
pretty it's
pretty crazy.
Yeah we have to
restart, there's just like it's not right what's happening right now
with the stuff
going on.
I know. I know
and it's all happening at once. It feels like there's a big like change happening. I don't know like the whole world, it's just like on the edge of something kind
of crazy.
Yeah, No, for real
so
I know.
I know and
it's
like the craziest thing that's ever happened, it's so insane, but like to be living through something like this is so monumental, like it's pretty insane to like think that will be telling like our Children and grandchildren and like this will be taught in history classes in school and books written about it. It's so crazy.
I
know. I
know,
it's
so crazy. It's so crazy to think about that. Like
I don't know. It's pretty it's pretty weird.
no, it's just the same, but
it's also weird because every state is different, so everyone has kind of a different perspective and it's easy to like start to forget like new Hampshire where I am. It's not bad at all. Like we've had only a few cases in my area, there's been no cases and it's easy to kind of be like, oh everything's normal, right? And then you remember like there's some places that are struggling so much with it right now and like making terrible decisions about like what to do about it. So it's hard.
Exactly. Like it shouldn't be like a Republican doesn't believe in wearing a mask. Like how are those two things related at all.
I think I know who you're talking about.
What what, what, That doesn't quite add up there
buddy.
okay. Okay. Sure. Show me some scientific proof of God, sir. Yeah.
That's just insane. And people like the fact that people are allowed to say that and people believe that like they'll literally believe anything.
Yeah it's worse.
And
way I understand like who are you supposed to believe at this point? Like people just don't know like where to go to for correct information. Like it would be good if the government would be very clear about who you need to look to for advice and like procedures and stuff and they're not.
my
gosh.
I don't think I have.
my
gosh.
What? Oh my god.
That's just like crazy.
Well
I don't I don't I'm
like
scared
to watch stuff
now.
No. Hello?
Keep
my
I'm
like
scared to you.
might but I'm a little scared
That's
just crazy. Ah. Oh my God. It's just like so sad.
Yeah, no it's true. You laugh because it's just like too hard to hear and think that it like it's serious.
just laugh at
it
because you're like how is this happening, what is going on right now?
Who is sh
my god. That's insane.
That's
so
wrong.
it's Yeah, no
that's
just
that's
that's so insane. That's just so crazy. Oh my
they're doing well, my parents are both luckily working remote as well, thank god
they were able to keep their jobs, they were a little worried there for a second though, it was kind of stressful, like they weren't sure if they were gonna get laid off because they're kind of new and they're like at their jobs so but luckily they got to get set up at home and work remote, which is really good. Um I have a younger sister who's in high school and I feel kind of bad for her because a lot of stuff has been disrupted for her as well, like her junior prom was canceled and like it's that kind of stuff and like the whole stuff for getting into college this year, she's applying for college and it's just insane, like I would not want to be her right
now.
Um she's like applying this year, she's going to be a senior in high school and like a lot of the standardized tests are really complicated, like how they're doing it and like canceled or they're filled up because a ton of seniors weren't able to take them and it's just going to be super competitive to get into schools because a ton of people took a year off, so everything is thrown off, It's really weird.
Mhm. No, totally.
that's
definitely the
most important
thing.
And in the bigger picture like this has been a this has revealed a ton of flaws in our whole system in our public health system and hopefully hopefully that after this we can reassess and make things better, especially
in public health, like it's in your face that there's some major issues, so at least we'll get some good out of this. Hopefully.
Are we gonna learn from the mistakes?
I hope,
I hope.
I hope so. I hope we don't just like forget about it and totally go back to normal because there were problems and it's shown that the reason it got so bad is because they didn't fund public health and they literally didn't have procedures because they thought no big deal. They're like, oh should we have a procedure for pandemics? It'll never happen. Years ago they predicted that there is going to be a global pandemic at some point and they just didn't have any procedures in place for it and they were totally unprepared, like they didn't have masks, they didn't have enough like ventilators, they should have been prepared for that. So
totally.
it will happen and it could be worse. We're honestly lucky that this like isn't completely deadly like yeah, like it has killed a ton of people and definitely people who are immune deficient and have other health issues, but it doesn't necessarily kill totally healthy people which thank God it could be completely deadly, you know, and like at least people are able to come back from it so it's not a death sentence, which is good.
totally, totally. It's insane.
But
that's all we can do learn, stay healthy, like you said, try to stay positive or whatever, do what we can,
but yeah, it's definitely like changing how we're gonna live and like how we're going to interact with people. I think like for a while I think people are just going to be a little more like standoffish maybe with strangers and stuff like that, like touching and stuff, it just won't be the same necessarily.
No,
totally,
and like I work right now, I have a part time job like at a coffee shop and I handle money and I wear gloves and I've been asking everything, but I've never been so aware of like how dirty money is and just like handing stuff back and forth between people, you just don't know where stuff has been. Like when I get tips, I have cash tips, like I sanitize my money because like, I'm like, oh my God, I never thought about how gross money is, but money has always been gross. Like it's always been with a bunch of people, but now it's even like scary
Disney
Yeah, exactly. You can be asymptomatic and it's insane. It's so scary.
I know, and if you don't feel well, please just stay home, like it's so scary to think some people might not feel well and they'll still like leave the house or something, you know, like, I would hope just like any sort of clue that you might not be 100% to stay home.
I'm a I'm a little nervous for that. Like when I'm in classes because like, I know like in previous years, like I felt sick and I'm like, I can't miss class, I have tests, I can't miss this, But like this year it's going to be so important. Like if you don't feel well, like don't come.
Yeah. And I'm really hoping professors and educators will be so much more aware of that. And like in workplaces to like sick days should be like given out really like take them, you know?
And it's yeah, it's more important. But like if you're abusing it, like shame on you like
No.
Keep yourself away. Oh,
I think our time is up. We
talked for
the
timing.
So cool. It was so nice talking to you.
I hope your camera continues to work and you can do this again. Hopefully.
Conference.
Wouldn't that be crazy? Well
Have a good one.