Yeah. Sorry. And I don't know what's wrong
with the camera one he works the next. It doesn't work. So I'm sorry.
I was looking at you. I'm like how can I communicate with her that my camera
is giving me
Was
like how? Oh my God.
I know. Yesterday it didn't didn't work. So they gave me anything
and yeah,
I
know.
Uh originally the state and I'm in Virginia.
Okay. My turn out or because I hear my own voice back.
Let
me
fix it. Yes.
That's like okay. Yeah. Got it.
that's not that far I think.
and I'm trying
to like
imagine okay.
Like how's the, like how is
the map like last time? Is that the first time doing this type of uh
this
is fine.
It's
second time. The first
time I had someone trump I think the west coast or towards the west coast. Uh huh
Do you know what?
I'm sorry.
Look, I'm trying to figure out like why they are doing this type of studies. Like are they listening to us or? Oh,
probably with
people
I
don't know.
definitely. It is.
I mean
that's the main topic today, right? And for the next few months.
To be honest, I'm not doing anything differently than before the nine. I mean for me, I'm thinking like okay, I cannot change. So just live my life As much the same way as before. COVID-19.
You know, I'm saying like
I have
to stay home. I have to say some. I mean currently I'm working from home. No it's
not.
Yeah, thankfully I have, although I think have to go out and buy groceries and stuff, so uh huh
Now what about you?
mean
exactly like when
this thing first started, the first thing that keep in mind was, oh my God, you keep up. I'm glad I well you graduated because
I remember how stressful it was my college here and
you know
the studying
and everything. I'm like I have to skip like to cement floors. I don't think I would go back and continue.
That's
I'm
I mean
it's
like
that part people graduating, I mean I'm sorry for them. Like you said with the job situation then at the same time I'm happy for them. They have finished their schooling.
So it's just like,
I mean we all lose. I am and I think we
all,
to
be
honest.
I know.
but when I think about my college years, I'm like, oh my God, thank God I have already graduated. I'm done.
I don't have to study anymore. I don't have to look at books anymore so.
Exactly. I mean no
one
is
going to
be person happy whatever happened uh you know we all have something to complain about so
have
you had anything from you like fall semester is going to be or?
Do you have like a roommate or just you by yourself?
I mean as long as everyone is following like whatever we need to follow with you know with social listen, I'm saying putting on your past and everything, you know the problem is like half the people follow the rules, half the people they don't care.
So it's
just
like
definitely.
Exactly. I mean the thing is like um like they are saying the doctors on the news, I have to wear this um mosque or whatever they have to wear like the whole day if I can do it. I mean why it's a problem for you to wear
it
for like
15 minutes, half an hour or one
hour?
come
on.
thought
like it would be the bank, the doctors refuse to wear masks and they do operate
like
I
don't
want
to open
up and you're covering your your, you
know.
Yeah, exactly. I mean the thing is like um those regular mask like uh from the doctor's office or from the nurse, you know those uh those called surgical mask?
Yeah, I think so. Those are like when I put them, I don't think comfortable. So last night my doctor gave me like a mask, it's made out of fabric. I'm perfectly fine with it.
Actually
before I received that I was just when we're going out for shopping, you know, outside of the house, I was just my scar because I
was
more
comfortable with that. I was, you know, with breathing and everything. So I used my staff and then, um, last time when I went out shopping, I forgot my mom. So the guy from the store gave me this, the nurses miles. I said, okay, just for five minutes, I'll just put it on. It's not like I'm gonna pass out.
So I don't think you can do your own mosque or buy online on amazon or whatever. You can get it anyway. Just uh,
I mean
at this point in time, I'm thinking like what's more exhausting, like having to deal with people who don't understand that they have with the mask, uh, to protect other people or actual violence. More stressful. It's just like,
I mean when I have that, I'm like, okay, whatever. The next song, just
holding. For example, my brother, he lives in Germany, they have the virus situation under control and every time when I told him he's like, what's wrong you guys, what's wrong with America? What's wrong with the people in America? Like what is going on? I'm like,
I don't
know,
don't
ask me
it is
that
and I
mean I wish I could find like someone you can't really like who's against this um the mask and then about the virus being fake nails and yeah, yeah, but I would find someone who can mirror explanation why they think that way right?
There is no
one
who can
explain it to you that that
it's just
like
even
with
my
own family, like with my dad, my step and uh trustful everything. Like when trump comes out and sees something, he's like, oh but trump stated, I'm like, is he a doctor or like where did you get his degree? You know
what
For example what uh when you applied somewhere like they ask you for? Okay do you have this qualification qualification that's experienced this? I think it should be the same for president. Should be like whatever
applies to ask regular people should be the same for them,
you
know,
Honey,
When mhm ask
for
people,
it's
just like okay either follow whatever they are calling us or just just leave it
you
want.
But where took part
where
the
problem
is where
we start
them
completely
exhausting.
Like I said like at this point in time I don't know what's more coming out like the whole situation or the virus.
No.
it's
completely absolutely, I'll be honest.
I mean
I remember everyone was entitled yes 2020 about to start, okay I'm gonna do this and this and nothing else. You have like a normal
it and then even don't worry, hasn't even started properly yet. You're the virus
that's
like,
As like all the other pandemics. Like I'm thinking okay, how did those people made it through the pandemic? Like When was the last one, the 1918 Spanish flu or whatever they were talking about. I mean how did things survive? It wasn't the
same
like
it is now like everyone fighting and saying it's fake news or I wonder how they made
it.
It's just
every morning when I get up I'm like okay, so are they gonna tell us they okay, the pandemic is under control and everything is over or it's an alternative. That's the same.
Hi.
Everything is becoming political. Like the virus becoming political. The mosque is for I mean, you know, I think it's just it's it's about our heads, it has nothing to do with politics.
Exactly. I mean I pulled out onto democrats who don't want to wear a mask or whatever. Why? I'm like political, it's just it's like what's the same gonna yesterday comments or something? one of the African Senate comments on something like the ball drive.
Yeah. What was he saying? I think he was saying, oh God is affected what consequences? Where you must I'm like what? Yeah,
that's
what you were saying. He said, oh he got infected because he was wearing last too much like okay
somewhere. Uh huh.
That's what makes it even worse like
for
this arm.
But then I mean look, have you, I'm showing up to this lady who came out this the black lady from, she's a doctor. I don't even know if she's arraigned doctor and her test who came out and said you don't need to wear a mask. All you need to do is take hydraulics floor again on. I saw something together and then she
was
something about Demons and Elliot you haven't you know
you should watch it. She
was
saying like even the doctors don't like they check your blood. They don't think your blood they check the platform earlier. No one.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yes. I don't know
if you know I've got um trying speaking about in the last few days
you are saying that
which
is different.
We should
we should listen to her because he's right and so her like if someone comes out and say they are checking alien blood near my blood and you think I'm gonna leave
you
should google
her. She's
from
texas
something dr Stella something something. Listen,
The demons something I'm like what went on?
I mean
Yeah, definitely. It but then I mean laughing, that's not going to be honest,
that's how Christianity I did enough,
you
know?
Well no, I think it was a day before yesterday they brought out the first time and then so I was doing my computer and then he was on the background and then I had something about human, I think she said demons firm and blood and I'm like who did what is this? I came around
so um what? And the one that's going on, it's
Yeah, yeah. And then trump about it has a press briefing and then he was talking about her and we should trust and everything else like oh my God, I
need to
get
out, get some fresh air. So I was just like, I mean,
I'm thinking
like, what,
what is going on employed a now texas? I mean, uh huh off the marble. Yeah. To say
this.
it is. So how is your family doing?
That's,
I
just graduated.
I think I've done to be honest at the moment,
but then, I mean as long as we can keep ourselves safe and healthy, you know,
cheesing
up.
So even
though she might lose like a year, as long as she's healthy and fine, you know,
I
That's what I'm thinking like, are we, are we going to get from this or
let's see, because
now
one thing open just wanting to change and we have to change into this, but when it's over. Hello. And then just like that a lot when you were doing stuff, you know?
I think that like this dynamic is not what happened. It happens every, I don't know how many years. So
at some point, even in our lifetime, if we are lucky, it will happen.
I know. That's which I doubt it. Uh, you know, like what's in the past and then just make changes accordingly.
Yeah. Everything is pointed today. So tell
him no.
Situation.
Yeah. I mean the thing like if someone is standing next to you, you don't know what is infected or not like it in his face or happy. That's the problem. You know.
That's
thank you.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Like I said, you don't know some facts that next to you, it was not what like symptoms, but I
don't even know themselves, you know.
man, I hope they have some change to be on wearing a mask. Just put on your mouth, you know?
Yeah, definitely, definitely.
I'm around.
I mean there will be people are using the system, but I,
yeah, exactly. But then, you know, if someone is safe, they just at home just
keep yourself away from everyone else. Okay.
my God,
I'll
be you.
Come
here. I didn't look at the clock. Okay. Perfect.
Nice looking to you to,
yeah. Maybe you will
be my next video part. Well,
have a good day. Have a nice.