Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I have my friends. Mm hmm. Good. Really? I don't think that. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Hi, keep
Okay. How are you?
even this is for stand for me.
I
know.
That's
the way it works.
Especially in
this
I'm going to school so everything is online. So I work from home.
I'm in computer science. Yeah.
Uh No, I'm doing my Masters right now. So
this is my last term and I'll be done after that.
It just ran to online from my triangles.
I think for computer science it's good because you don't
have
to worry about like you can ask questions online and you can email them and you can show your code online everything is online. So for us it's good. But I'm not sure about the other fields like uh they have a lab and everything, you know, I'm not sure how they are doing. But yeah, for us it's good. Yeah.
Come on.
You
want to
see
them?
Probably?
I know.
How
it works.
nine weeks. That's a long time. Right.
And
Thanks.
Do
I
like
which uh and for which company you work? Because I previously worked with a lot of healthcare company. Like I was working with a clinical works. So that's a medical record company and now I'm working part time with insurance, something specific.
now it's on everything online. Yeah.
I
know.
So uh it's my second company just started in uh approved uh So it's stuff like I don't know anyone and everything started online so it's tough to talk and with everyone because we don't have that much of bond right now, so. Yeah.
I
don't
think
so.
Like all that talk to my manager and my team leads all are like till december. We are working from home and after that also we will be working from home till the vaccine comes. Yeah. Uh huh.
productivity and
what?
That
it's not
an issue area
time.
No,
no,
I'm I'm from India and I came here for my masters and yeah, this is like my last year after that probably I will go back. Uh huh.
Yeah. Right now one student.
Oh, I'm from Mumbai India and it's yeah, it's totally opposite. It was too crowded over there and over here, I can't see anyone.
At first.
Uh not as a cultural ways, but as a place. Yeah, because uh that I'm leaving right now, it's like a college from, so you can find a lot of people over here during the off season, but right now nobody is there like everyone goes, went home and I'm here and a couple of my friends. Yeah.
No, so enter school is shut down so you can go into your office also you have to work from home and all the labs and everything is online so you can access it from them.
Oh, back in India like uh I think
it's
better now because
yeah, until last week we had a lot of imprison cases, but now there's a decline, so that's good.
that's
true.
Yeah, that's true. Uh huh.
Yeah, if you are in a rural area somewhere, then you get a chance to go around. But if you're staying in city then you don't have a chance like you can even just walk around buildings and that's it. But you can go more further than that.
Oh so flight is minimum like 60 knots yeah 16
- 20 years here.
so from Mumbai I took a flight from paris and from paris to over here. Yeah.
Yeah, it's a big
All
Disposable.
No.
I know I know that's it's like you get to that rule inside that and
so
how
many because
you can take it with the one?
that
was
expensive.
but
I
can relate.
I can relate right now like right now it's easy to travel anywhere. You can just do a google map and you can you can reach over there. But I know at that time it will be pretty hard like you don't know anyone over there and you have to go and everything will be tough. Yeah. Yeah.
and
It would
be
scary
at that
time.
all
even I was thinking this last last week like Traveling will be different, totally different now onwards like I think at least for 2-3 years probably.
So
I
guess so where I saw the news? I think Russia developed a vaccine and they started with I think all the medical workers and
mm I don't
have the
background
like
probably Yeah. Because
this
is
the time
like
Yeah, that will be true.
What?
Even for the
normal vaccines take five or 10 years to come out. But Okay.
I
know.
I know.
What?
That
will be chaos.
Hi
and
At
some
extent it doesn't look like a hope at some extent. It feels probably there will be something behind this.
I know.
But some are saying that uh like I don't know if it's real or not but if you go to hospital then there is a lot of chances that you will big guy and if you see the number of cases people dying is uh mostly who admitted into the hospital. Yeah. I think if the person is treating themselves at home then I think there is a chance that they can survive.
that was so I don't remember particularly. But in in one Union City they did a research based on that the purpose of paper after I think one or two weeks the cattle on the paper so they didn't move everything from the internet but there was a paper on that. Mhm.
I
No,
This
Just
you
drop
so
probably
Yeah I'm I'm graduating and
and like
our
graduation to cancel the graduation and the buddhist in next year so they will send a diploma and everything but the rest of the thing will be next year
I'm
almost done. Yeah, so I just started to defend this time and yeah. Mhm.
I'm working on projects so I have an option like uh this is our project but I don't want to go into the PSD and everything so I'm just going with the project.
So I wanted to work on the user to fit like us drugs. Uh
Yeah and professor over here, she is very popular in that and I think I was waiting for like two years to get admit over here working under this professor. Yeah, I got it. And after that I came here then I work I think I finished my program in I think two years, 2.5 year. So this is like my last six months. Yeah, I'll be done
at start. Yes it is. But at the end of you feel like it's relaxed now because at the start it was stuff.
No.
I know.
Associate
Associate
degrees.
But it doesn't
feel.
I
know.
And
it's
more interesting when you are face to face rather than the online version here.
Hi
they're
not gonna
work.
No
it's like
for
the
it's like you are doing good further doing like but you don't get actually uh anything out of it.
You can do the same thing like Portugal Youtube videos and everything. You don't have to Sweet for the Long Lecture seven. Yeah.
Yeah.
Everyone
will remember this for the rest of his life and
uh no like my dad over there, my dad have a business so this this was my plan. So uh I want to do my masters and I'll go back and I will join with my dad and everything. Yeah.
Yeah that's that's good for me.
But yeah I would like to do like some internship for some like 66-7 months work. I think that will be enough so that I will get the experience like how it works and everything and after that I can help border.
Yeah I have one Ellison story
Oh no she's in europe right now.
Actually
actually she's right now in India but she she's over there for but most of the time.
What?
think everything will start next year, not till december, you know I was thinking to go back home but yeah when my dad is like don't come here right now, everything is like myself, if you're coming here then you have to right You know to current it for 14 days and you don't get that much of time like
just stay home and come back.
Group.
This is crazy
now
I think we are almost done like it's when we started like having
12
17.
it's for if but I started way beyond like doing all the starting work So we're showing 45 minutes. But I think I started like 6:15
I think like three minutes more I guess. Yeah. So I think after that probably it's done
for
sleep
outside.
We will go for more three minutes.
I think we're done 25 minutes, right? I'm not sure like
probably. Yeah. I think we can cut it out now
I guess.
045 then then we can move ahead here. Okay. That's
starting
to you.
Oh thank you.