how are you?
Good. Kind of set my phone down so I don't have to hold it one second. This is the first time I haven't got shut up for this.
Yeah, I tried it um Two times before this and the person never showed up and it's so disappointing because you get all excited
and
ready for it and you just sit there and nobody shows up.
So.
Yeah. But this is interesting. This is a different one to do.
I
don't Yeah. So how are you doing with the pandemic?
Yeah. So so you're doing your school online? Okay. What's your major?
it Underground
Masters?
Was it was it on ground before this and it just went to?
What do you think about doing it online? Do you like it better?
that's
true.
Yeah. I mean I work totally from home now. Um I work in human resources for a big health care company and it's just kind of adapted to the way things are. Like we do all of our meetings on zoom. Um I get phone calls from my computer,
like just everything is just the same as it was, but from home. So I don't think that they'll have us go back over. I think I'll
just
be
permanently
from home after this.
So yeah, I mean I don't, I like it because I don't have to dry. I like, I don't have to deal with the commute because I, you know, live in the suburbs and work in the city. So it's annoying
trying to get into work and um I have more time with my kids too because normally I wouldn't get home till like 6 30 you know, and then you're stressed out and you just want your own time and everything. So now I see them. But um that's like my daughters and she's going into second grade and I'm dealing with the whole home
school, like it's
great. It's crazy like they were set to go back um in person and then they just changed it last week to be um Virtual for nine weeks.
So I don't know, it's gonna be interesting because it's hard to get her to like pay attention to me and
want to do things when I tell her to do them, you know, that it's totally different having a teacher in a classroom tell you to do this worksheet or like your mom. So I don't know because
we had it like for the end of last school year, it was like that. Um but it was just kind of like nobody knew what was going on. Everything was kind of thrown together. This is like an actual solid curriculum and programs, we'll see. Um
Is
your
family
Oh okay. And is it all online? Like virtual?
Yeah. It's weird. It's like it's weird to think about being back in an office, like
it just
seems like that was so far away so long ago that things were like that.
Yeah. I feel bad. Yeah, I feel bad for people that are starting during this time because it's like at least I know my co workers because I had already worked with them for a year and a half before this happened. But it's hard you don't, yeah, you don't have that bond so well hopefully eventually we'll get
there, we'll be
able to
come
back.
Yeah, that's what I mean. They said are like only the most important people will go back um in january and then the rest of it, it's just kind of like we'll see. So I don't think we'll ever I mean if we can show if everybody is showing that they can do it from home, why change things, you know, there's no impact on productivity
response time, like everything everything's going really well. So I don't think, I mean it's so
much better for a company to have people at home because of like oh there's no overhead, you know if you can shut down offices and not have to pay all that stuff so Yeah, I I don't know, I know like a lot of smaller companies are probably struggling to you know companies that don't have systems in place that can support that. Like I don't know if you have good computers and good infrastructure then I guess it's
fine.
But
yeah. Yeah. So um
are you like near home, is your family around here? Are you
like away
at school?
think a lot of people would leave America, they have the chance to do. So, are you in like a student Visa?
Okay. Yeah. Um, what's it like in your hometown?
Yeah. Yeah. Was it like a big adjustment to, I mean like, I'm sure it was a big change, like culture
shock.
Yeah. Do you have like, are there like, um, okay. Like the cafeterias and stuff? Like do you have, is like regular school, like computer labs and everything open or is everything shut down?
So the whole school is just completely shut down. That's crazy. How is your family doing?
Is
it,
is it?
That's good. Um, I know I have coworkers in Chennai India and um, when I was talking to her, she was saying that, I mean this was a couple of months ago when everything started going crazy. But she was just saying that like she couldn't even leave her apartment because it's there's everything so crowded you know you can't socially sense to get out and like you know here I can walk out and take a walk and everything. But
she was
saying like you almost can't even leave because everything is so crowded. You can't really like be distant from people if you want to just like go take a walk or something. So
but there's I mean that's the same the way it is here in big cities you know some
Yeah. I would love to visit India someday. How long is the flight?
Did you
where did you well you don't have to tell me where you're from. But was it like a direct flight or did you have to stop a lot?
I mean Bombay is a big city though. Right
okay. So that's cool. It's so interesting. Um Yeah I would love to travel more and get to see different places. Have only I mean I've been to europe but I was
just studying there so I feel like that doesn't really count. And I was also yes like 20 and we didn't have there was no cell phones, there was no digital cameras. So I had like a disposable camera. Did you did you ever see
like a disposable camera? Yeah
they're like um I don't think they probably don't make them anymore but they're like cardboard so you would buy them and then take pictures with them and then take them to get developed. And that was it like.
well that's like that would be if you had a camera that you are going to keep these it's kind of like the same thing except it's just you throw it away when you're done after you get the pictures developed you just throw it away
and
they're
cheap
Like 24 I think something like that. But I mean obviously they didn't take very good pictures at all. So
that's
all
I have is my pictures is just you know whatever I had as a disposable camera and I don't I mean I just don't I feel like I didn't really take it seriously. You know like I I just wanted to like go to the bars and drink and everything. I didn't really appreciate it. So I feel like when you're young and you travel you
don't really
soak
it up.
Well I um I went like right after 9-11 to it was crazy. Yeah. It
must have been the Because I went in the summer so it was probably like the summer of 2002. So um it was like right right after which is kind of crazy. But um
I
mean
people just
want
to talk to talk to americans about. We were we were we would lie and say that we were Canadian because there's a huge difference in the accent. So we
would just say we were Canadian and then not like anyone bothered us. But um it was definitely a different time to be. I mean no instagram no anything was just my digital or my little disposable camera that was it. So I would like to travel again and be able to really kind of appreciate things.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I mean what I have no idea what the vaccine is going to be like when it comes out like who's going to have access to it? I don't know
I
mean.
But didn't they like didn't they like not really go through all the testing
I heard.
I
remember I
I think they kind of rushed it,
get
it
out
and some people
were nervous about.
Yeah. I mean
how do you test long term effects for something like this? You
can
So I don't know.
It's a
little scary because you don't know what's going to happen
10 years down the road from all these vaccines. But I don't know. I don't really have a lot of other options. So it will be interesting
with like all these people who don't believe that the virus is real. You know the people that are like it's a hoax and it has to do with politics and everything. So if they refused to get the vaccine and then everybody else gets the vaccine will be
like
well weed out the people who are causing the spread.
So
Oh I don't know. I can't get over that though that people are really believe that like wearing masks as government trying to control us and everything. I don't know. I mean to some extent I get it because it's like we never really know what's going on. We know what the government chooses to tell us and you know, there's a lot of ways to manipulate that information. But I mean I can't imagine believing that all of this like the whole world is in on this hoax. I mean I just it seems
it's
crazy.
Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm yeah. I mean I'm sure from like where this came from how it started, how it was managed, like there's a lot going on that we don't know about,
I'm sure, but I don't think they're faking all the deaths, you know, and hospital workers and everything. So
hmm. That's interesting. So the rate of people who are hospitalized, the death rate of fire.
I know it's hard to to know like what source you trust, like who's a legitimate source and who's just kind of putting their opinions and acting like it's fact um yeah, I don't know, there's a lot of ways to manipulate the information and make it look like worse than it is or better than it is, you
know? So like um I don't know, did you watch the interview that axios interview with President trump
where it was, it was like on HBO and um the interviewer was asking him about like the rates, the death rates and everything and um he was talking about really have to look at it as um the number of deaths per cases and the interviewer was trying to look at it as the number of deaths per population. There's a huge change. You know if you compare the United States deaths per cases and or like you know compare it to china and like deaths per population, it's going to be completely different perspective. I don't know I mean there's no standard way to measure this
or track it or anything because it's all new. So it's crazy, it's crazy to think about like telling future generations about this
you know like to tell future Children and grandchildren that like this is what it was
like
you know that like we had all like stay at
home and bull at home and work from home and everything. I don't know. I wonder if it will have like um generation impact
like the kids, you know the kids who didn't get to socialize and didn't go to school. I feel bad for kids that were graduating high school this year.
that's right. You are.
So
this is what?
So you, will you be done in december or you done
now?
wow. That's crazy. So what's your thesis? Is that what it is? You have a thesis?
Okay. Um And what is it like specific the your program that you came here? Is there like not good steady options in Bombay or?
Yeah. That's huge right now.
Crazy. Is it a very, is it a really difficult program? No.
Yeah, I got my Masters in human resources and it was like so easy, like it was just almost the same as undergrad, it was two years and there's no thesis, there's no nothing to defend. Its just, I don't know,
it's programs are so different. Yeah. I I don't know so I mean I'm glad I got it because I it kind of helps me since that's my career
is human resources, but it's like a business, even like a what's up called when you get, it's just like a general business masters. I can't think of what it's
called.
No,
it's like an M. S. Not an msb am I set now? I can't think of it, but it's like a longer program and it's just kind of like a generalized business masters I guess that's even I think a longer program, but that would be really hard actually to have to do that program on um online because it was so much like lectures and group discussion and like even collaborating on team projects, you know, is hard. That's like what I mean? We were saying my friends and I who were all working from home, we're saying that zoom is you know, you can meet and it's fine. But
it
seems like, yeah, it isn't and it's like you're interrupting people or like people's internet goes out.
It's
not the same as sitting around a table like having a conversation, you know?
It's
different.
it's just not the same. But and I hated like I mean they're not really doing it so much anymore, but when back in March they were trying to do like virtual everything, like virtual dance
classes for my daughter and like virtual cooking classes and virtual meetups and
not
everything
can be translated into virtual.
It just doesn't work. You know, it's not the same
and companies
trying
to say this to do things virtually, you know? But
No, no.
Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know, it's an interesting time but I like
doing this.
Yeah. So you think you'll go back um to Bombay to work after you finish your degree?
Oh that's that's awesome. So you know you have a job, you don't have to worry about like
their change. Yeah.
That's cool. Do you have brothers or sisters?
Yeah. And she in Bombay or is she here?
Oh in europe? Okay. What part
of your?
okay. Yeah. I haven't been able to travel for a while except for just
local stuff you know around here. But I do miss that. It's hard like having small Children to, you know we can take them places or we can individually go places. Like I travel with my sister has been, will travel with his cousin, but then that way there's like one parent home to watch the, there are someday we'll be able to travel again.
yeah, yeah. So you can't go and visit people or go places or see anything you have to just kind of stay.
Yeah, just wait. That's what I feel like everyone like there's people trying to have their weddings now and it's like, just wait, just wait. Okay. Like you don't have to make
things happen right now. Everything's up in the air. Just wait a year. It's so strange. We were on the river um on a friend's boat last weekend and we have like these big, like paddle, like paddle boats, you know that you can go and do cruises on and stuff. And we saw two different weddings on these cruise ships as we were on the river. It was like
why
it's so dangerous. Just don't expose people and just postpone it and then you can have your dream wedding. Yeah so let's see how much time
I
think we started at 10,
hold on just go because there's a time where I think yes sir. Oh it's just no that's not working mm
Okay. Okay. Yeah I mean I think it's been 27.
Okay. So you
think
we
have to
Do you wanna do you think we are done or we have to go longer to get to the 25 minutes?
No I think I didn't know how long you thought we had been talking, I think we've done our 25 minutes right?
Because
right when I I came on right at 10 o'clock and you were here. So my clocks at 10 o'clock my time And my clock says 1027 now. So I think we are good.
it
was wonderful
chatting with you, Good luck with everything. And early congrats on your graduation.
Okay. All right, take care. Bye.