I don't really actually dr yeah, thank you, thank you. Oh
good hurry up.
uh from Maine, where are you from?
How are things in michigan?
Thanks. Yeah, we've had some pretty warm weather here too that's cooled off a little bit done in uh around 50, but it was 70 yesterday, so. Yeah.
Yeah, same here supposed to be uh usually it's a lot colder, usually have snow right now, but nothing yet
now
ever been to pain before.
it's pretty nice. It's probably a lot. It's uh trying to think. I've only been to michigan, I've driven through michigan and I've been to Detroit and that's about it. I've never actually spent spend any time there, yep.
Yeah, well
a lot of trees that, I mean it's a very like heavily wooded state, isn't it? Oh
we live where we live is very uh pretty heavily wooded, lot of lakes, a lot of rivers,
I mean never up into New England uh made
in California have a lot in common. I mean both have like big coastlines and the people are kind of similar, tend to be like a little more liberal and you get a lot of hippies and a lot of people are interested in outdoor activity, like backpacking and fishing and stuff like that. Where'd you go, where'd you go in California?
But
it's
not.
southern,
so there's
nothing.
Mhm. Yeah I've never really never been to super the southern like phone into Los Angeles before and I think the further south have been is like like palm springs, that area um like
the uh there's a a national park down there, Joshua tree. Yeah
Before
water.
yep that's a nice area.
Same here. I used to travel all the time for work and uh travel lodges for for you know going hiking and stuff. And we always end up back in Maine where we grew up, our families are here. So
are things pandemic wise in your area? Michigan right now?
Is
it,
are
people wearing masks are like following the rules?
Um It's a mix, you know, it's it's pretty bad in Maine right now. Like I just heard that we're one of the like it's spreading quicker and main than anywhere else. Um And we still see a lot of people around here that don't wear masks, which is
kind of disappointing. Um Yeah, I mean we live in a really small neighborhood and we now have like multiple neighbors around us that have it. Um people that are in the hospital with it like our neighbors. So it's definitely all of a sudden became like a lot more real I think to a lot of people.
We never really had that first spike here. It was like you were doing really, really well until about two weeks ago and not just all of a sudden, Uh, you know, we went for having like 10 cases a day that like 200.
probably
a good idea.
yeah, totally understandable. I mean we're super cautious my life and I wrote super cautious, but we both work with the public. So it's um,
yeah, it is what it is. You know, we wear a mask and we try to be as careful as possible and just,
just ready, ready for it to be over sometime soon here.
All
Yeah. Yeah, it's hard. No, I mean, it just seems like, I remember when we first found out about it at the beginning of the year, thinking of, you know, there's no way, you know by christmas time that this will still be going on we'll figure it out. And uh yeah here we are getting ready to go into the holidays and it's still getting worse.
Yeah.
Yeah. It would it would be nice. Yeah. Works definitely been a little a little slower since since the pandemic and yeah we like to travel to family you know across the US that we haven't seen. You know we're supposed to go out to California and visit family and cancel that people are having kids and cancelling weddings and you know it's just it's very strange strange time.
Jason what? Yeah what else uh
what did you do? Um I mean did you have a job like prior to what you're doing now? Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm. Was cooking
something you like?
Medium?
What you got any specialties? Contact?
Yeah. I love cooking too. It's nice. Especially now it's like because we never never go out to eat and we don't really ever get take out if you can cook for yourself. You know if you don't mind putting the time and the effort in um you know you can make a meal that's better than most restaurants and you don't have to go deal with other people. Which is pretty nice. I feel bad for people that
can't cook,
Yeah.
Yeah. I wish we had that unfortunately. Don't grocery delivery hasn't made it to this area of main yet. Yeah.
Sorry
to
interrupt.
that's pretty nice. Yeah, we definitely did. We shop like buy stuff on amazon but all of our like the grocery like basics like milk and cheese and butter and stuff, we still have to go in the store, which is what it is, just wear a mask. And for the most part I've done um most of the grocery shopping just because uh my life and I just had an agreement that I would do it during the pandemic and I just can't get it worked out pretty well for her at least.
Yeah, and I've had a lot more free time. Just my work's been a lot quieter, so I work from home a little bit more and just have more time to do it and her schedule has stayed pretty much the same, so it's not fair for me to do it. Do you have any pets?
Oh no, I'm sorry, that's tough.
it's so cute.
No,
well
I
can
imagine it's hard to like people like think, oh you just, you know, get another dog and it's like, it never is like that, you know, it's, you know when you have that emotional connection with a pet, it's so, you know, it's like losing a family member.
Oh jeez, I'm
sorry,
I
can
imagine
it's
a lot of work.
yeah, it's it's tough, you know that it's such a double a double edged sword there because they provide so much happiness and joy, but then it's like such a heartbreaking, you know. Yeah, most dogs, you know, they only lived to be eight or nine years old, so it's like, you know that you know, you kind of know that that's coming the whole time you have a dog, you know, we have a dog and it's like he's such a good dog and I can't help thinking like we're gonna be so heartbroken and this, you know. Yeah.
Three
probably they grew up together, they probably just they must have missed the one once. The one that survived was alone. He must have known that assembling was gone too.
I find that funny.
What
days?
I've heard that?
It's very that is very very expensive. Even if your dog has no health problems, like an annual checkup at the vet is like a serious expense.
I think the last
time.
Yeah, I was shocked.
The little little dogs.
Oh yeah, shibu Shiva itsu or yeah, they
like,
yep
bulldogs have such great personalities to their very uh big personal, you know,
affect
sweetheart.
It's gonna be tough to like we have uh family that lives outside of boston and uh it's difficult for them to go outside and walk the dog because there's so many people, you know, there's people in their apartment, there's people you know on the sidewalk, there's people out in the parks, so it's like, you know, even to go outside and walk the dog, you're exposing yourself to like dozens of people. Uh huh.
Mhm.
Me too. Yeah. Yeah. Well I mean we're lucky just because there's a lot, you
know, there's a lot that we can do outside um that kind of, you know, we're
able to do a lot of the things we like to do still just because they were kind of social distance activities before, you know, we backpack a lot and hike a lot and fish a lot. Um and those are all things that like we can still do because you never really around people that much. Um So we've been lucky and it means, I mean just in general main is very uh there's just a lot of space, a lot of privacy, not a lot of people. So it feels we've been very felt very lucky um to be here for the pandemic.
I do not. My wife has a son um from her prior her prior relationship, but we just have a dog between
the two of us. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. We had we had talked about it and uh I'm just part of
me is really glad that we that that it didn't happen just because I can't imagine raising a child right now just with the state of the world and um I just I just I have a lot of sympathy for people that are raising Children um through the past. Yeah. Yeah, it just seems like
so we we've been were childless but we're definitely uh we're okay with that decision for the time being.
Do they live near you?
But
you're
Yeah, that's pretty, pretty common situation nowadays for, you know, Children to be kind of keep staying close to the family and helping out. And just financially, it's, you know, cost of living is so high and wages are so low that It's tough. Especially for that age range. You know, people in that kind of 20-30, you're all range.
see I I voted for biden. I'm not really, you know, I have a hard time putting myself in like either political party just because there's certain things. I, you know, I'm a fiscal conservative socially. I'm pretty liberal, but I also am very pro gun. Uh, so it's, it was tough. You know, my vote really was based on the pandemic. Um, and just kind of who I thought would get us out of it the quickest. What
about
you
then?
Like
about
her?
Yeah, it was an old man competition that was kind of disappointing. It's like I didn't really, you know, neither one of them were, I thought a good choice. Um It just seemed like, you know, the machine has made up its mind and told us who are choices were and that was that was it. And it's just um yeah, it's interesting in maine now we have ranked choice voting, which is kind of cool. Um It allows you to uh it makes it easier for like third party or off non party candidates um to get votes and actually stay kind of relevance. So you can if there's something you like, that's not one of the like the lead, you know, lead democrat or republican, um you can vote for them first and then if they don't win, it goes to your next choice down. So it's not like you're throwing away your vote, which I think a lot of people feel, you know, if they vote for somebody that's not, you know, the person with, you know, like there were other running for president this year other than biden and trump, but people feel like there walked into one of those decisions. Yeah. But with ranked choice voting, it's pretty neat. You can actually vote
for some and support somebody that you actually feel, you know, is in line with your values and uh, and not feel like you're just throwing away your vote if they don't win. So this
here we had it for present, the presidential election, which was kind of neat.
It doesn't seem to be a very gracious loser.
It doesn't sound like they're making much headway into proving that so far. Yeah, that's that's just how I mean. You think, you know, it's just how politics works. You know sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, you know just it seems to go from, you know it just keeps swinging back and forth. You know four years from now, probably have a Republican governor, Republican president and then we'll go back
for four years and then we'll go back to a democrat. It's just like just kind of seems swap swap back and forth and maybe that's good, you know, I mean at least that kind of seems to keep things balanced out a little bit, you know you don't end up you know too far to the left or too far to the right. Yeah, neither one were particularly inspiring.
Yeah, my dad is um younger than joe biden remember like voting? I was thinking, man, you know, you know my dad still got most of his facilities, well I mean he's still be sharp for his age but um I was thinking man I don't know if I like he's too old to be president and joe biden is older than him. Yeah.
I'm surprised I'm surprised there hasn't been like uh you know just you know like kinda like another JFK like a really young kind of youthful you know energetic you know it seems like we keep getting stuck with all these people that are Yeah one step what's happened the nursing home.
not everybody can get a trip to the hospital in a helicopter you know. Mhm.
You know my neighbor had to go to the ICU you know in the back of a ford escort. Yeah. You know and it was an hour and a half drive to get to the you know the ICU from here. Yeah it's sad it seems like the whole like wearing masks thing. Once that got politicized, that kind of sealed the deal for us in terms of where things are going to go. Yeah, very odd. But regardless of my political affiliation, I'll continue wearing a mask and try
and try to encourage other people, other people to do the same.
It seems like a pretty common sense
thing, you know? Yeah. If you're in for surgery, you expect everybody to be wearing a mask. Yeah. But yeah, we'll see. Hopefully. Yeah,
Maybe by next spring, all of the vaccine, hopefully.
You
think
you're in the corner?
Yeah. I'm ready for life to go back to normal. Whatever normal was before the vaccine here. Before
the virus.
Cool. I think we're at our, at our time mark there.
We are, yeah, we got, we got a whole 25 minutes in.
Yeah. It's not nice talking to you to stay healthy. And uh, yeah, I have a great holidays,