How you doing?
Pretty good. Where are you from?
Michigan?
uh pretty nice today. About 50. About 50°..
had like three days in a role that were 70. It's unusual for us so.
Yeah. Not yet here either, I'm not looking forward
to it. Mhm.
I never have no.
I live in Lansing the capital. Um It's nicer up north you know I think. But but I was born in here so. Yeah.
Yeah.
pretty much. I mean I'm in the city so you know um it's nicer up by the lakes you know? But
Yeah. Yeah I would like to come there sometime. I always thought about it. I've been to new york and California and texas and all of them but never
Now.
I lived when I was younger kid um in Garden Grove
and
it's by
Long Beach.
Yeah I lived
with
for about a year.
Right.
Oh yeah I've heard over that and I lived in florida for a couple years. Um Clearwater. So when I
when
I, oh
but I always end up back here.
No. Yeah.
it's pretty bad.
It is is
pretty bad.
Well
well some some you know worse don't you know? So how about there
now
Right. Yeah it's pretty bad here I mean it calmed down a little bit and now it's getting bad again you know So
yeah that's how it is here really that I stay home awhile I'm disabled so I'm home you know I don't work anymore so I stay in as much as I can
you know.
Yeah I think so I don't know I have some health problems so I don't want to get that you know mm.
Right.
Yeah that's all you can feel.
if it ever does get
over with.
Has been what six months it's terrible. Yeah maybe
not the things that go back to normal.
you know it is strange it really is okay.
Yes
I haven't worked in a number of years it's been probably mm nine years probably and I worked in a state building. I was ahead cook there so
and
I love it I love to cook.
No.
I can make anything anything. But um yeah it's one of my passions you know I really like it.
woman
I won't go in a restaurant and just you know I mean we do get takeout now and then but um I
get my groceries delivered. Do I don't want to go in the stores?
yeah
I love
it.
They also have pick up where you can just order it online and then pick it up if you want. I do that sometimes. But um I like it. I don't have to go in the stores, I just do my shopping online, you know?
I want to catch that.
Yeah. Um No, not never know right now. I had two french bulldogs and they were brothers and they we had to have him put to sleep within two months of each other
and they've been gone about a year now. So here's a picture of one of mine, the other one, I don't have a picture right here but
that was deter. And then I had a cream colored one that his name was boomer.
And I have I've had them since they
were eight weeks old, so it was devastating for us,
you
know?
It is, It is. Well I lost my son in 2009. My oldest son, he was murdered
here.
Um Thanks. Um, so it's been 11 years. But um, that was, you know, the worst thing in my life losing him, you
know?
And
then my mother three years later and then, you know, of course these dogs, you know, and it's hard on me, you know, like I kind of want another dog, but I don't know, it's
just,
it's not just that you get so attached to them and then I have to go through that, you know I mean? But I do like dogs, you know, I don't know, have to see how our goals.
I know,
it's so hard. Mine were all nine years. They were nine years old and I lost 11 last May and then one in july and
Well the first boomer, the cream coloured one had a tumor on his leg. It was like a hanging tumor and they were gonna, they were gonna remove it. You know, I had it all set up to remove it and he had his, he had eye problems too. But
we were getting that under control, but when they went in to check him before the surgery, they found out he had heart problems. Yeah. So there he started getting worse, you know, and they wouldn't do the surgery. And we decided the best thing for him was to be able to sleep. You know. Well then deter the brown one here. Two months later, his neck got real big and he couldn't breathe and I took him to the bat and they said they believe he had thyroid cancer
and they put him right, they had to put him right to sleep, he couldn't
breathe. So it was very hard. It was unexpected for deter boomer. We kind of knew that, you know, but peter, I mean it was just shocking. I thought it would happen for at least another year or two, you know, but no, and french bulldogs have a lot of health problems anyway.
And at the time that I that we got these dogs, we had, you know, I was working then not only the amount of fixed income and it was hard to keep their back bills paid, you know, even though I did it, but so I don't think I would get another one even though I love french bulldog, I mean I just do, but um, for that it wouldn't be fair to him, you know, I wouldn't be able to take care of them like I did them, you know, so
where I
so
on,
I thought about getting a Shiba or uh is that what they're called?
The from Jabs are from Japan.
about
though. Uh
We'll see, you know.
they
are they're french
bulldog, They're great. I mean they're just so smart. They are so smart. All right. I don't know. I wish I could get one, but it wouldn't be fair to it and I just I don't want to do that, you know? So.
Right. Yeah.
I don't go out that often. I do blow a little bit walk or whatever. Oh, I just hate I wish it would go away
maybe.
We are.
All right. All right. You have kids?
Well,
and
It must be one word.
All right. Yeah. Mine are all grown Well, my oldest son got killed and then I have a daughter that's 31 and then a son that's 29. So
my daughter lives while on the other side of town here And my 29 year old son lives with me. So he helps take care of me
and
you know. Oh,
Yeah. Yeah. So what do you think about our new president? Yeah.
I
didn't
I didn't
vote. I I don't I don't know.
I couldn't
I
couldn't make up my mind and I just I don't know. I didn't really care for either one of them, you know? So
warrant.
I
Yeah, that's pretty neat. Uh huh. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know about it. I mean this I think on trump, I think trump was very upset that he was so or
he's not and he thinks there's a big scam going on with this voting, so
One
They're not I don't know.
he is old but
The rhine I don't think trump took this virus very serious. You know he didn't take it very even after getting getting it. He didn't you know. I don't know.
Right.
Need to
I do what I'm supposed to do. What honey
that.
Yeah
there
will
be. No
we love it.
What?
Why? I agree.
Are we?
Oh wow that's good. Okay well have a good day. It was nice talking to you.
Yeah you too by the way.