Okay, wait waiting for the way. Pick your eyes will be yeah, an hour maybe. If anybody's not sure they're gonna show, but they're not so many tabs open. Holy crap. All right, close the door also turn down your volume already. Period. It's already recording. Okay? But I don't want any chance. Where's my you know, maybe it's traumas was clarified while I'm waiting. Uh What about this? Experiment is really trying to figure out because I know after times they'll say they're trying to figure out one thing, but it's actually another. Uh it's like they're trying to ship check how many people will go to log in early. How many people get me? People are anxious fancy start with links of evanescence. Can't go wrong there. How come the lights don't work on it. Exactly we're talking about. I don't know. All right. You're not close the door. Thank you. I I don't want to listen to. Yes. What? Mm hmm. What? Fine. Don't come in. They're getting rid of a perfectly good mattress. Why would you even do that? I wonder how shatter me has aged. Oh yes, yes, thanks. I like the music six years ago. Good date. Mm I feel like it's really relevant to this time. Maybe nobody is supposed to show up anyway. It's like they're just watching us like 25 minutes just be there a planet in a way. Yeah. So much a businessman. You plan it a little robot and the girl, wow, I understand me. The first seminary. No. Uh huh It's like the symbolic right in front. Wake up, get up, get out there because I feel like that's a motivational song. I should be listening to motivational sense. Well you can tell an actual live band perform this. Mhm I like it because the lyrics come through more clearly. It just seems more synergetic with a song. This game was so ahead of its time. Except for the antagonist just in the United States. Uh Oh damn it fine fine fine fine. Yeah. Mm Yeah the emotion. Uh huh Wait, the rivers in the desert providing over it interesting. I could have probably made better. Yeah, I'm just giving them, giving them good music to listen to in the meantime is exposed to the video trying to find whatever they're trying to find. It's like is this a bantam? Very cute. The way the reason that I keeping song stuck in my head because I never listen to the way like a covid fever dream, you should talk about politics. That's what we should talk about. A Uh huh I have maybe five minutes. Haven't done this before. Oh somebody else?
Well, hi, my name is Jackie,
Nice to meet you. Making
things all
All
right. They said like for for me, So I guess we're here.
I'm over in California. What about you?
That makes sense. That makes sense.
So
what's
like like right now over there?
yeah, I stay inside as much as possible, but I was already kind of doing that so I didn't worry about a pandemic so much.
And ask
back
dang it it's because I mean if the virus, the virus is going to keep spreading regardless of its one state, shuts it down because they're gonna be people from other states going in and out. And it's like it's
it is
uh central Valley, so just kind of in the center in general, still in a desert, but it's a pretty populated area.
Central. It's
right between north and south. So like the Central Valley
United
Nations.
out
there, it's above it's above uh L. A. But below. uh san Francisco and san Jose
don't it's armpit, A fresh pair of California. Excuse me, That's what it's referred to us. Yeah. Once got the drunkest city in America it was because there's something driver is just expected.
No no it's not and there's a reason I don't drive but we can see if it's not a safe place to drive.
Well they said I think just talk about anything for 25 minutes.
So.
um on the previous on the previous thing were said to answer the survey or whatever did it say what the time it said, what the time was at the bottom? I think all let me check mine. Mhm. Because it's yeah it's just my instructed for but I think It's more like whoever shows up at whatever time like it says right now. 38 58 for me because I've just been chilling here. I'm like I might as well come early. There's no harm in it.
Right. Right. My time was that currently like 39 minutes in. So like if we go up from there we can figure out like So probably what like at 54 minute mark, it be good for me. But I think you might still have the um do you still the page open where it says um the instructions and were
delinquent?
Okay. Okay. Well I'll, you know, within 25 minutes as fast, I'll keep an eye on it. Let's
put
in the
court.
They start
counting after you start to start videoing in general, like it's already started.
So. Yeah. So I mean I guess he has videos early. What?
All
Yeah. I kind of I mean I was kind of like nervous about like this whole thing a bit because I have like social anxiety but it's not as bad over like when it's not face to face like
yeah, I know it's it's internal. It's like inside of me and like
yeah and it's been to my benefit during covid.
I'm really
I'm actually disabled
but I have multiple physical stuff and then I have like, like I deal with depression and stuff too.
So
it's a yeah hit me from multiple angles,
yep, yep. But I hope to get out of that sometime soon. I'm going to be trying a new treatment so we'll see I guess we'll see how that goes.
Yeah. Something to do and something to like I guess should my attention away from like the problems themselves to a bit
L.
A. Medication.
But,
I really, really hate, by the way,
I totally relate.
pussy.
Yeah. And this is pause.
And
I
Yeah, I've had him since I was in seventh grade and now I'm like 28, so it's like he's pretty old too, it's pretty old too,
that is what um
dead. I
I know right,
They're
my
babies.
The salt,
please,
I know.
No,
she's welcome to. Maybe you'll see my other cats. We ca he's
uh big fluff big fluff,
you're also still a kitten. But it's funny because despite being a kid and he's our biggest cat, uh he's like, I pulled him up and he's like this oh
my
still
secret
is
Amanda. Mhm.
But
it's
Yeah. Even uh pause over there, he's pretty small too. He's always I think he was like the rent of the litter. It's actually an interesting story how we came onto him because he is more like he adopted us than we adopted him. Like he used to be an arrow. Mhm.
Well, it's not so much like we tamed them. It's more like he was always such a good little cat, but all the neighborhood cats were picking on him and it was bad.
it's Hold on one SEC. Hello, Somebody's knocking on my door.
What?
Oh, room sweet that bring you bring in America bring me this week's baskets. It was my brother, huge
girl. There
you go. Oh,
No, not this one. This one. And you just he's a kitten candidate.
I know. He's afraid
he won
that I'm from a shelter.
He knows it too.
And when I go to your head to my sweet to okay her to
walk on my computer,
he was like I'm a big camera hog
actually. He does pretty good with getting rid of his hair just by his grooming is really really what's the word I'm looking for here? He's very persistent about cleaning his first so we don't really question, it doesn't get tangled because it's not too long.
Oh man, we have one other cat named Milo. He's a he's a tuxedo cat. He's pretty he's a pretty big guy but he has really long hair. He also gets those nuts. I know exactly what you're talking about. I have a
funny story actually.
Absolutely. Absolutely
right. And how will we get through this quarantine without cats keeping our sanity intact?
We'll see.
that's true,
Well
yeah, there's an app I've used uh for like meditation guided meditation stuff called calm I think. But
what? Um not for all of it, just for some of the futures, the ones that I use, I don't pay for, but maybe the
pack
in time.
Yeah, no it's not worth it if it's gonna make you pay. But actually I have like um quite a few videos, like if you look at guided medication like that one is really
interesting.
it is pretty great.
Yeah and I mean whether
it helps you kind of like just be mindful or that puts you to sleep either way, it's helping you so
absolutely. I couldn't agree more. Yeah.
just
mm. This week is just chilling behind me. Probably. He
is such a but he like somehow managed to get into my mattress and go underneath it like a bat like in underneath, like like a cloth part. And then he dug his way out of that. So now he's just like using the bottom of my bed as a hammock.
that's
correct. They really are speak a coma, but sometimes.
cause he'll come up to me in the morning when he wants pets, let's start gently pulling my face didn't add
a little bit more. They'll know we're now mounting.
It's
so bad because I got to the point where I'm like hiding underneath my pillow from him, like no, just let me sleep and he reaches under the pillow. Uh huh
it
is
We actually do have three dogs, I kind of keep my distance from because I actually have a kind of a fewer dogs.
Uh Yeah, I do
same.
it's like the cats aren't really gonna jump on you and then start looking you in the face at least like
this is too much for me.
Speak
maybe. Who knows? But
what they're really trying, trying to see like I'm really wondering what they're trying to see in this test because they always pre face it with something and then they're really doing something else,
you know?
Yeah. And I love psychology so it's fascinating to me.
Yeah, I did
mm I was
at university
and
I'm
feature
and
a rely a lot and cycm double major and then minor music. Uh huh.
No, when I got worse I had to drop out. I'm trying to get better so I can eventually go back but I think I'm probably going to start with online classes and kind of use my way into it when I do.
I know
you have to complicated situate situation like all around for schools, like people arguing, they want their kids to go back. It sounds to me like they don't really want to deal with them, but
Yeah, I am
uh I've traveled around like these, the states that
yes, I am
I live in new york for a month or so.
It's nice. It's really pretty
to
have
them.
That's true.
Yeah, and I'm in one of the biggest cities, you know Fresno?
I heard of it, That sounds right,
No, in the phrase,
it's smart people move out of here like as soon as they can. Yeah, and unfortunately, I mean, first of all, really hot second of all you have like gangs over here so it's like you don't want to do with that.
True. We we get a lot of like things like human trafficking over here and then like drug dealers and just it's it's I don't live in a bad neighborhood, it's just like the worst part of town has a lot of that going on.
is.
Well I'm just hoping, yeah, I'm hoping things turn around and change for the better. That's what I'm for.
bitch.
Yeah. Well our first wet never ended so over
here.
Yeah. It's only pick, you can only pick up orders and have things delivered with things like Postmates or whatever or pick something up.
Yeah and people are supposed to be wearing masks but there are a lot of people who don't and those people are like guys, is it really worth endangering everybody else?
Oh
and
do you
think
I'm sorry that I interrupt? I was wondering
do you think that maybe the reason the uh younger people are getting sick now or like doing those mass group things might be because of like how they originally told us that it mainly hits people who are older
and
Mhm.
Two
Yeah. Everyone likes to think of what happened to them until it does,
I'm sorry.
Me too.
Yeah it's kind of calming, isn't it?
I
uh it's like I do it every once, it's been a while since I've done one, but I used to do it pretty regularly.
I
think I think we're probably done by the look of it or like 30 seconds within 30 seconds would be
Yeah. Yeah. Wasn't it her?
6 50.
Yeah, truly. It says remember keep up the conversation for at least 25 minutes I think. I don't think it would be a problem like if it went over,
but
But
we
need to make
sure it's for 35. Yeah.
Uh huh. If we all we got are fluffy babies to talk about.
It's true. That's what I wanted to like this one like this like
kind
of get myself something to do.
it
is so. Oh
because
it would be too right, wow. It's hard to believe it's been this long to
No, we have had it before then because we brought in some cruise ships that
have a lot of people on them.
People,
I can't blame you with what's going on.
Uh But I wonder how we're going to, how we're going to emerge from this. Like it's going to be after the vaccine or we're going to figure out how to do something before the vaccine. I hope like there has to be something else we can do.
So
I
think you're right.
Well,
yeah. No, because it didn't become available until kind of recently and then it was only like if you've been in contact with somebody who has contact tracing or something, they only just started rolling out like the mass testing fairly recently. But if I do have it, I'm asymptomatic at least.
I've heard.
Apart.
Absolutely. I agree that if I could get tested, get tested because I want to know if I'm asymptomatic, I don't want to be somebody spreading, so I'm not going anywhere anyway.
Would
yeah, I have a feeling we'll get their sleep. What are you doing?
I
mean our governor has like been trying like to the best of his abilities. Just like some people are like, oh yeah, let's go to the beach together. Uh huh
yeah.
Yeah. I really do have a lot of thoughts about this. Like if, if, if like why did trump have a rally where they remove social distancing stuff and that's his own base, who is going to be voting for them if they don't die from covid, Like it doesn't make sense to me.
I tried to watch some comedy shows like Stephen Colbert sometimes kind of
writing.
I actually usually watched on Youtube. They actually
upload the videos that are now.
Yeah, yeah, for sure. And comic relief. Honestly, we need that. We need that. We need hope with people to advocate. Maybe that's what I can do, figure out some way to advocate in my time.
But
I
think.
Okay, let's see. Um you should okay. It is close. I'm supposed to close this when, when the conversation is over. Um do you have the page that led you to this open still?
Yeah, yeah, I think, yeah, I think I'll just ask you to confirm uh there's a little arrow at the bottom underneath the clock on that page and I think that to the end of the survey. Oh
yeah,
I think we're good. It was nice talking to you.
You too. Take
care.