Hi.
Hi Jackie. I'm terry.
meet you too.
It's not great. 7:00. So I don't know if they
tell us when the murder.
Where are you located? Where you located?
Oh, New Jersey. So that's why it's almost four for you. Almost seven for me.
Absolutely.
I'm
good.
Uh It's hard. Lot of covid but not as much as you guys have.
Oh that's good. Yeah. We went through the pandemic already really got severely severely hit with it and so now everything's shut down and we were able to contain it. But now there's more people coming into New Jersey um
visiting because
they're going to really shore. And so our numbers are starting to spike a little bit.
That's the problem.
And where in California are you?
So that's like southern California.
What?
It's like
L.
A. I'm like
familiar
Okay. I think I know where it is. I've been to California lap but never that area.
my God, that's been a good thing.
one more question. Do you know um like the topic we're going to talk about
Anything for 25. Okay. I've got 5-4 or 5-7 my time. So I wonder
if they're gonna I I don't think they've started it yet.
Okay so 38 58 till um What do you mean 30 because we have to talk 25 minutes, right?
but
if I click on it I might loose you. That's the problem. That's what? Okay.
Because
I can
put
on a time or two, I just don't know if they start counting before the 7:00. That's
the problem.
All good.
Yeah that's fine. As long as one of us is keeping track, I'll let you keep track. Yeah because
you seem like we're going
yeah. Yeah you seem like a really friendly person. You don't seem like you have social anxiety.
Does that, does that make you want to stay in more than you know going out?
Yeah, I bet. Because you don't feel like you're missing out as much as other people do. Do you want
to work at all outside?
You are,
you don't
know.
yeah. Well it's like an ongoing, continuous thing that you go day to day with.
Oh, that's great. That's really good. So these surveys and help a lot then it's like something from to do.
Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. You ever try like any like meditation or anything like that? You
do
you do you know it's so the other, I have never tried it. Right? So my friend and
I were talking about it and she's like, oh go on Youtube. There's like 10 minute ones, 20 minute ones. You love it. So I have a cat that I just love. So I, I release my stress by hanging out with my cat. So anyway,
what's that?
Yeah. Oh God, I love, I love love love. Wait hold on one second. Let me grab Angel. She's right here to hold on Angel. Come here, come here, wait and then put this aside for one minute. Come here Angel coming. Mommy wants to show you something. Look mommy wants to show you something. Look, look at look,
this is Angel.
Oh, because I love people who have cats. I just think there's so much warmer than other
people. Well Angel just had her Sweet 16 party.
She just turned 16.
Yeah. My parents have a cat that just turned 20. Isn't that awesome? I know.
Here's hoping.
I know.
I know. Yeah, because we're so attached to them, don't you?
I
haven't
yeah mine I've always had two and now I have just angel my other one passed away. I'm like 2.5 years ago. And um I just she's so tiny,
she's
only £4 and she's yeah and she's very very um I don't know she's just very docile so I was afraid to get another one that might pounce on her or just she's she's older now so she's pretty you know defense list. So anyway
he's going to join us, she just sat on my lap
so she's going to join us.
I agree.
Oh that's so cool.
he's probably
just built
bigger,
you know bigger bones and bigger
structure.
My other
cat was a red tabby and um
she was built a lot bigger, she was 14 lbs. So her compared to Angel. Really? They were different size.
And you tamed him
Are you kidding?
You
want to get me? It's okay. I can chop.
That's a great
Who?
wow. Is that a main core? Is that kind of money or a maine coon? That cat is that cat was Farrell?
he's a clinton. Oh God he no he absolutely gorgeous.
Did you
did you rescue him or did you get him from like a breeder
from a shelter? He's absolutely beautiful.
Why?
Absolutely
gorgeous.
You look the brush him a lot.
Yeah Angels is really long and it's like cotton me so it gets tabled a lot. So we have to brush her every single day. Otherwise shoes it gets a little knots all over.
so
you really love cats just like I do then.
Me too. I can't picture my life without one.
Well see that's
the whole thing that when I feel really stressed out, I go to her. Absolute. And we just chill. So anyway, I was starting to tell you I did the YouTube right. And I turned on the 20 minute meditation. I must have been out after like maybe five minutes because I didn't happen. And I had angel pouring on me and it was so cool. So I just recently tried the meditation and it worked. I missed these. Well, it looks like a, oh, um, excuse me.
Thanks. So every, I, I recently tried it and I really liked it. So I'm thinking of just, you know,
going on an app and, and getting into it a little bit.
you have to pay for that monthly,
Because
I went on it and it said, sorry, my nose is itchy. It said
that you have to, uh you have to pay for it because I thought it was free. They ever, I got an email saying try this for free and I tried it and it wasn't free and I'm like, I'm not going to pay for that.
that's
what it was. I like that, that's what this was. Yeah,
guy voice like really calm. It was so cool, very monotone and chill. So I think that's what we need to sleep.
Wait,
Oh, it's definitely helping me. Absolutely. So it's hard. I have, you know, I have a family but everybody's been home for like five months, you know, and we'll march when new york new Jersey shut down. So it's just, you know, everybody's trying to find their own little set way of, you know, what to do and had to cope and I think hope mechanisms, whatever it takes, you know, you gotta do. Yeah.
absolutely. Oh
sorry. We'll tear flew into my face when I picked her up and kissed her. That's one thing proven they have loose hair, so, but she's chill. She's cool. She's on my lap.
What?
Did he like break a hole in the box spring? Because that's what one of the cats did. And she climbed up in there and I looked under the bed. I couldn't see her, I couldn't think about where he was. He was in the in the box spring and then I looked at this this whole, she had clawed through was amazing. Their little smell waggles. They really
are.
Did you stay up at night sometimes and sleep a lot during the day? Yeah, because she's always up at night. It's so funny. She'll wake me up and I want to talk. Yeah.
West.
So cute. Oh
my
that's really good. That's adorable. They're
always
thinking of what to do. Absolutely. Oh my God, that's so cute. Do you have drugs or just the cats?
Oh, you do.
Yeah, I do too. I do too. Yeah. I don't know why I just do whenever
you see one coming towards me. I just, I don't know, I'm not as comfortable around them. I do love them. I think they're great but I'm just not really comfortable. Like I am with them. But
so
exactly are. That's awesome. I
guess that's why we got matched up because we both left home. Uh huh.
Who knows?
There
isn't anything outside of, that's why I love these. I think they're really good because they test you on some things but really psychologically what are they trying to see? You know?
Yeah, it's really cool. I know. Did you did you go to school at all?
Yeah you did
didn't?
Oh you were
what
do you remember
your
cycle?
you still go to school? You still study?
That's how it's just going to say online. And nowadays online is where it's at. Especially
like yeah I have one son who's going to start college um soon and we're just wondering if it will be online or if you can actually move into the dorms. The governor here aren't quite sure what they're doing still. It's like a bathroom.
Exactly. Hard parents work so it's like really hard for them you know to home school. But are you from California?
You are.
Did you ever come to the east coast new york?
You have let's go.
Oh you did like so you know what it's like?
it's fun depends on
where
you
are. But
uh yeah a lot of people but you live in a congested well estate to, I mean your status has a lot of people to.
Yes. Yes I've heard I've never been but
I haven't been, I've been to, well we went to California a lot, we used to go a lot and um we've always gone to san Francisco and then down to L. A. Or we start in um and uh what do you call it? Um santa barbara. And then we work our way down to L. A. And then we always end up in palm springs, like rancho mirage area. So I know that area pretty well but we've never really been to Fresno but I have heard of it, so I know word and
this is not one of those. Uh
yeah. I think they're everywhere though. I really do. I think they're just popping up everywhere more and more.
Everything's changing the whole world is changing. It's it's
it's unfortunate. But yeah, everything's changing before.
me too. Me too. But right now we're prepared for a second wave of the Covid. That's what, because the numbers are starting to increase. So we already went through it now. Everybody is preparing again for the second wave so hopefully
it won't come. But it looks like it is coming.
I know you guys
were home restaurants open right? Everything's shut down
And then like your your malls are closed right?
Yes. That's one good thing about new york, New Jersey. Everybody's really good about their masks. You really see it and now the governor of New Jersey said we have to wear them outside. It's you know, he he wrote it into a loss. So um but I see most people have them on, which is really good and most people are social distancing, But you're gonna get like some of the young kids like there was just a big party and 700 people were there. And yeah, and
so now they're waiting for the numbers to see what happened. And you get those, you know those people that just don't care and
they party mostly like teenagers unfortunately. I mean I have three of them. They're not doing that what most people are. So
what
do you remember?
Thanks.
It
could it could very well be yeah,
because for months and months and months
that's all we heard is people who are older with underlying conditions and um you know, the young people thought they were immune from it, but I think it's the summer and they're tired of being cooped up, they're tired of the masks and they're not really thinking, you know, they're thinking it's not going to happen to me, but it was it could it and it's a strong possibility.
Yeah, I know two people who passed away from it in in april
Thanks. Yeah. One didn't even have underlying conditions, just a dad of of uh kids that we, you know, we know my kids grew up with, so I really, really sad and weird and the whole thing, it's just but you can't let it depress you. Like, you know, you and I were saying you have to cope with it somehow find something I like, I like I like music a lot, so
yeah, I listen to music that's that carries me through. And I got into for the first time I started binge watching like netflix, you know? So I got into a little bit, but but I love to do these surveys. I love it. It's so much fun.
Yes, very common, very common. I think it's really good for the brain. I think it really makes you think and I love to write things like I like to express myself. So when like one, you know, you have to write lego passage. I think it's really cool because you know, you really sit back by yourself and think, you know, and it's great. It's really great.
How long have you been doing this for a while?
Yeah, Yeah. I try to, you know, sometimes when I'm chilling at night, you know, with Angel, just sit here and do a couple, you know, see what's on. But they're fun. How are we doing timelines? We're
doing pretty good.
Because I have 7, 15 and I we started at what time? Because I know you were on earlier than me
Because I looked at my I first looked when we got on and it was like 6:53
my time. So, so yeah, I think we have like a couple more minutes Because I have 7:15 right now. So we'll go, we just have to be careful because they won't pay us if we don't do 25.
Yeah, I know,
But
at
least
45.
Yeah, we'll make sure that's okay.
We do. We do. And you have part of the day left. I'm nearing the end of my day. Mhm.
Here
I am.
Yeah, me too. Me too. It's so weird because doesn't like sometimes one day roll into the next day and then you're like, well is it Tuesday? Is it Wednesday before? Like there were different things that like, I know I used to do that would segregate the weeks, but now one week just kind of rolls into the next week and it's just so weird with everybody home and my kids came home from college early and it's just
so weird.
Everybody's been doing nothing since March, which is a long
time.
Yeah, but when did you guys first like get it? It was later than us, right, it was like april end of april.
I'm
That's right, okay. Yeah, I forgot about that. I did hear about that. Yeah. It's almost hard to watch the news, isn't it? Because you just, you know,
it causes me exactly a lot, so sometimes I can't even watch it. Yeah,
yeah, exactly. It's just it's almost too much
aside from masking social distancing the, you know, the people have to stop, they have to stop there mingling and being so
dare devilish and then I think we'll get a handle on it but I think we're going to be masking for a long time. I don't think this was anywhere near the end unfortunately.
Have
Yeah I have a lot of friends that work in the er and uh they get hit you know pretty hard and they're saying the numbers are starting to rise again when they were all going down so it's kind of scary. But although they're doing the vaccine. Have you been covid tested at all?
Did you get that test?
Yeah. See we we had it for a long time and we had like the drive up testing that everything I got tested and it hurts. It really
it's like a brain test almost like the slab goes so far. You knows that it feels like it's really hurting your brain but you know we all got tested here
because there was no reason not to, you know, just to see.
Right. But even so like even with your family or you know that type of thing. I know what Yeah, it's good to know. I'm
just surprised that there is a wide wide testing in your area. You know, question in California
you will get there. You guys definitely will.
Probably just a male.
I've seen some of the beach scenes from you guys. Yeah,
it's it's it's the same here. You know our beach scenes are just not just hanging out. You know scaring because somebody watching the news
it doesn't make sense. That's that's a big problem. Yeah. It doesn't make sense. I know. Coming on.
Well
my son loves him. Yeah, he loves his show. Yeah. That's why it's I'm really late here. Is that I'm late for you
first.
Okay, that's perfect. Yeah, because I think it comes on like 11 30 here, 12 o'clock. I know it's a late one, but he, yeah, he loves Stephen Colbert, he's great economic relief,
Yeah, yeah, I mean
you never can tell. I know I'm always looking for things to do like that. So good idea. Absolutely. Now when we finished and you know how to end this survey, like we go back to the home page, Do
you not have
1?
I do. It's in a tab so I could tab over to it. Yeah, I just want to now in case I lose you. So in other words, we're gonna x out of this, we're going to go over to the page that led us into this, you think?
Okay. How
do you think we did? I think we're good.
I was great to talk to you, be well and be safe.
Take
care. Bye.