they have to go on.
Not too bad
saying I hope you weren't waiting too long.
Yeah.
That's pretty cool.
So is this your first time doing this?
So you
and
your roommate, both of us? We are prolific. Which
one
of
you found?
Someone
which one of you found
prolific first.
Nice. I seem to like it seems to be pretty good.
Yeah. And these ones are really good because if you've done the one before they pay pretty quick and they pay pretty good. I think so.
Mhm.
Right. Yeah. I really like these ones. Mhm.
Yeah, I did like four of them last month. So when they popped up again I saw it and I was
like, well I can't do it. But I read in the details like oh we've now changed the maximum 26 So sweet. That's luke.
Yeah, I just did one
yesterday. I can't believe they got me into another one this quick.
So what what do you do, what do you do for a hobby? What do you do in your free time?
Holy
Yeah. I don't know
about that stuff too much but I got some buddies, they're into it. I bought one of my, my old roommate actually who I'm so good friends with. I got him some Zelda manga. Is that how you said it? I always thought was mango. But
so you know japanese in?
Yeah. Well even reading it's gonna be hard.
So what you got you into japanese?
Thank
you.
principle. That's awesome. What kind of RPgs are you into that?
I
I like RPGS. I used to watch my brother play them a lot. I am horrible at him because I can't ever remember anything so
I
finally
found its key
but I can't remember where the door
was.
I'm glad it's not just me. Have you played the new final fantasy seven
remake then?
Yeah it was
pretty good. I I had a couple issues running into I think the cut scenes were a little excessive sometimes but overall I thought it was pretty good. It was different but I knew it was gonna be different going into it.
No.
Yeah that's pretty good description. I've played I started playing Final
Fantasy Seven on my switch
like a year ago. The
original
one because the switch I think it's just amazing to be able to play portable.
Yeah. I won't argue that that
has probably been one of my best investments I've ever made. It was getting a switch.
I just got the new Mario Kart game. Have you seen anything on that? Their live circuit?
I don't move it. My cattle a right in the track. I just drive into it and it doesn't get going that fast that it's you know, going to hurt the animal or anything but they like chasing it around and but the problem is end up knocking the uh the markers around and kind of a pain. But it's pretty fun game overall. I like the concept
this.
our cats are still little so the little car comes along and someone they screwed
up quick.
Yeah. Yeah, it's pretty fun. So you gotta switch then. Yeah.
What?
I was wondering if you were in a dorm? What games you like playing on your switch?
Sam.
Yeah, they've got such a good selection of indie games and I mean old school games, newer games.
I absolutely love the switch.
Yeah, I definitely agree.
Have
you played that Mario 35?
Yeah, I played a little bit of it. I
yeah, I was gonna say I'm not very good, but yeah.
I think I've gotten top 10 like three times and that's why it, but this is all right
game.
that seems really, really weird to me. I don't know why you do that. I mean Nintendo seems
So I would think that they've got a reason behind why they're eliminated like they are, but
I don't, I don't have a clue. I got that
new Mario
was Mario All Stars, three all stars.
That's
pretty
good.
Nice. Yeah, I want to start, I haven't played sunshine ever, but I played galaxy and I loved it and I played a lot of 64, so I've been burning through 64 and I want to beat it and then go on to sunshine. But that game is a really good game too.
Yeah, it's been a while for me too.
Yeah, it seems kind of weird to me
right, like it didn't even exist.
So
what
are you going to college for then?
Sweet.
That's,
that
sounds
very fun.
Sweet. That would be amazing. Yeah, I play games. I love games. I mean I on the other side of this monitor, I have a whole slew of game systems and I got a bunch of me bows and I'll, I've got some shelves with, I don't have every game system, but I probably got a dozen or so from Nintendo on up. Yes,
I
love Gaiman, sounds like you do too, so it sounds like I'll be right up your alley.
I've
got,
I've got a few Dreamcast. I actually just booted, uh, well, it's not from Dreamcast from Saturn. I got just got nights, it was free on steam. So I just booted on my pc before I hopped on here.
Oh it's one of my all time favorite games and I've got the demo christmas nights, I had that as a kid, I end up buying it for way more than I'd like to admit a few years ago and it's such a good game, but I haven't played it in a long time so we'll see if it holds up.
I hope so. So you're gonna get the new playstation when it comes out next month?
is that? Trying to get that reward?
That's very sweet. I got the Xbox preordered but that was a pain but well, I don't trust it's gonna come through to be honest with you because
they
well
I uh when I pre ordered it, you know, I'm sure, you know, Xbox released the time and date they were gonna pre orders we're gonna
come up.
So I had all my tabs with like Best buy Gamestop, walmart, Target. So as soon as that time hit I tried to get to them and the only one I got was walmart and for some reason mine says it will deliver like a week after release date. And I pre ordered that Mario Kart from walmart as well and
it's not here, it hasn't even shipped. When I got a hold of them, they're like oh well uh the warehouse that we were going to take it from didn't have stocks or trying to find other warehouse to see if they have stock. I live in a rural town in Wisconsin. So a lot of the stores around here have some of them harder
to find items. So
friday.
When
I came out yesterday I got
an email
saying
that target had him. So I quit, ordered one from target and picked
it up. But I still haven't seen my Walmart one. So
that's where I got my Xbox from and I do not feel confident.
I'm going to see that Xbox at all next month.
See that's kind of what I'm afraid of. I I don't have any patients. I when I wait for this stuff like I want it and I'm waiting
Good.
that's what I've been doing at Walmart. I go on their website all the time to see
if like
my because my I think it's supposed
to get to me on the
16th
or something that's
coming out of the 10th, something like that. Or maybe the 12, I don't
know, but I keep checking on walmart seeing if my day is going to update the actual release date and it does not so I am going to be very unhappy if it does not show up what games you're gonna get for PS five or what games are you looking forward to?
Have you played Spider
Man for PS four then?
Yeah, I haven't seen much on that. Miles Morales, but I want to try it.
Yeah,
yeah, I didn't
I
didn't play either of them when they first came out, the uh one or the
PS
four
but
I've got them both now
and I
I bounced back and forth right now, I'm playing through
Spiderman again.
Uh I got Tony Hawk for my Xbox Pro skater one and two. That's pretty good.
I
know
they
did
such
they did such a good job with it too. I mean keeping the old a lot of the old stuff and just I mean buffing it up, making it look pretty with, you know, a lot of the
old things
that
they had it before.
I'd be okay
with it. I should pick that up again. I haven't I think I finished the 1st 100% it, but I played through all the levels and I think I started the second one
and
got a few
levels. I knew it, but I haven't finished it completely.
Yeah. Yeah, I definitely
did.
It's weird across the board
because if you see the specs it's only a 500 gigabyte hard drive and if it's digital only like
what
do you got?
You ain't gonna fit anymore in 10 games on there. Maybe
Because
100 I think like 100 gigabytes or somewhere 80 gig
something ridiculous has just taken from the system right off the top.
And then to dumb it down, you're gonna have to buy a bigger hard drive right out of the gate and at that point you're going to be paying the same as you would for
I don't get it doesn't make
I don't I'm not a digital only anyway. It's like I said,
Yeah, same here. I got the resin evil. I'm kind of bitter, I got resin able to remake with the Leon Statue, but I couldn't get the 31 with the Jill, I think it came with the Jill stead.
But
yeah, so I I like the physical to and I won't buy the digital either way. But to dumb the specs down like that, it doesn't make any sense to me. Why not just keep your Xbox one at that point? I mean, I don't Mhm.
Yeah, I don't, I prefer the physical, some of the stuff like the switch, I kind of like some of the digital games on there just because I don't have to because I've got a bunch of games, so I've got a couple game cases with games in, but it's nice to be all just switch from one game to another without having a pop it in and out
when you got
a.
and it is I I've got a few docs in my house, so it's nice to be able to just docket in the basement or dock in the living room or dock in my bedroom and it's nice to be able to play anywhere. That's what I I always thought when I get a place that Just be stuck in a bunch of
80 ft HTM my chords and running them all over. It's kind of nice with the PS four and the xbox now because I can stream on my PC upstairs. I'm in my basement and then I have my PC hooked up to my TV so I can play either my upstairs or my downstairs living room which is kind of nice. But the switch is so much more affordable.
definitely. So you must be more of a Sony Sony over Xbox.
that makes sense. Yeah. I suppose I can't really think of any exclusive Microsoft RPgs.
there's
So what do you got at your door man? You got like a laptop or do you have your Pc with you? I'm guessing
you
probably gotta BPPC.
So what
kind of backs you got on your Pc
night?
Mhm. I know them things look like they're just crazy like they just disappeared immediately.
Yeah, probably a good decision.
Yeah. Yeah. I think my buddy, I haven't had a desktop in a long time. I have had a lot
of free time this
year with everything going on so I thought like hey I should try to put one together. And I ended up getting my buddies G. P. Which is a 10 70
T. I. Because he had just upgraded to a 2070 and they seem all
right. But I well probably better than All right. I don't know. I'm not a huge pc guy. I don't know a ton about specs. Uh But I saw them 30.
I got a new egg subscription. So I got an email from Newegg
when the 30 eighties came out and click the link and I was like oh wow they don't even have any. Not that I would have got one anyways but
Right. And I thought like why did you even send me the email by the time I click the link.
So
what kind of laptop you got?
Yeah. I don't know. I'm not even sure what this desk laptop has a GTX 16 60 T.
I.
And a Until I seven I'm not sure exactly which
one. It's just what the sticker says.
And it seems
seems to run all right. I just got the laptop this year too. Right. Like a couple months before I got the desktop.
Yeah it's worked really well. I really do like it. Uh I've got it downstairs so like we'll watch movies on Discord and one of my buddies discords, I'll just hook the laptop up to my tv. And because my basement set up more for gaming but my desktops upstairs. Uh And this I guess not just gaming my basement's more set up for like entertainment. So I watch movies and stuff down here more often than not. And this laptops worked out pretty good buddy had one and he said it crapped out on them after a few months, but I haven't really had any issues so I'm happy.
How much, Sorry, go ahead.
I was just asking how much longer you have in college
and.
Yeah, good time. So did you go right out of high school? Have
you taken
some time
off?
What?
that's right.
Probably a good option. And if you've been in the game and you know technology and stuff then it sounds like it's right up your alley.
That'd be sweet. That sounds like a really really good idea.
So whereabouts are you located?
But if you're good at what you're doing, I'm sure you'll find a spot and if you've got the education to boot, I mean, I don't know, I don't know where a good spot would be,
but I'm sure if you know, like I said, if you do good with it, I'm sure you'll find something
I suppose.
Yeah. Which won't be too bad.
I mean,
Yeah. I know. I've read a lot of stuff lately about how they really just push them just grind though.
That's insane. But if it's what you want to do with them.
So do you live around there besides going to college or is your college just around there?
Well that's not too bad.
live in I live in Wisconsin right by Minnesota, so.
It's
probably
a whole different world here.
Yeah, I like it here, but it's
it's definitely
not some people's cup of tea and there are a lot of the stereotypes about the rednecks are pretty true and I, so that's kind of annoying, but it is what it is. I just mind my own business and do my own thing.
Well we
got that guy. So you like it down there over. Although in Alabama, you're born and raised there, you lived there your whole life.
Well, where would you like to go if you had a choice? What do you think you prefer?
North Carolina? Seems like a pretty nice place, so. Right.
I'm sure it's like most states where there's probably really nice spots and probably less than great areas.
Well, I see some galaxy in the background. Uh
that's awesome. I haven't played in a while either, so I'm excited to get back to it.
All right. I suppose I'll get going. You can get back to your whatever you're doing
nice. What times are you?
me
too.
You have a late night last night
now It's staying up gaming awesome.
Well if you ain't got if you don't have class and
got all day to do whatever you want, sleeping, go back to bed if you want.
All right, I'm gonna get going enjoy yourself. Good luck with school and everything else.