Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Maybe. Okay. Yeah. Uh My name's Crash. What about you? Whoever uh from Alabama. Uh South Alabama mobile. Hey,
it's going good. How about yourself?
No,
I wasn't waiting long at all. So uh sorry
about the background. We me and my roommate are both doing this and we accidentally got the same time. No,
this is uh
the second time money
is
kind
a little bit
of
extra
spending money. How to jump in Birmingham. What was the question
freshman?
I
found it first, but I told him about it pretty early.
it's been the month and a half I've been using. It has been pretty nice. No.
And right after you're done, you can just queue for another. Uh huh.
You don't have to wait for the survey to pop up again.
Every human being able to do six of them.
All
two more. That's good.
Another
1750 easy. There's a lot of people that I don't think it's real. Uh
so in my free time I translate a lot of japanese works to english
like games, manga. Mhm
No.
Either or I know what it is
I can read it but speaking it is a whole different beast.
you pick up after a while.
Mhm. So so my parents used to buy me a ton of
japanese rPgs and when I
wanted to place some from the same series that weren't translated, I took it upon myself to self study to play those games
uh tells of series like tells of Xperia trails of code still final fantasy of course, yeah. How much
actually,
so I know
the
pain
but
where
I run into that issue a lot too,
I
haven't bought that one yet. Yeah,
I'm here.
Yeah, I heard that. Uh when compared to original seven, it made a Goofy game serious instead of a serious game, Goofy
by the way around for Yeah.
Like
what
now? I understand
what?
I think it's the it's easily the best console out right now.
What?
Yeah, that's I think how many other
I've seen a lot of videos where people are like having their pets like on the track and they're having to move the pet. Uh
If I was home right now and playing at my uh my dogs would not move and I wouldn't
be able to do anything, right? Yeah.
And
screwed away and watch it.
Yeah,
I actually brought it with me to the door. Yeah.
Uh Pretty much pretty much anything. Yeah,
if it's on the switch I'll probably buy it.
What?
I appreciate how many older games are getting pointed to the switch to
still letting you be able to play those games that you otherwise
couldn't.
I played a few games of it is actually really fun.
Mhm. I'm pretty bad though.
have seen second place about six times. I'll probably never get first.
Good
game though. I'm upset. It's limited though.
Look at this time.
Trying to cut back on server costs maybe.
But
what
through
the
all
stars? Yeah, I've been playing that off my roommate.
Yeah. They're all three really solid games. I haven't I haven't played Galaxy in like at least eight years, so I'm excited to get back to that.
Yeah. Just upset. They didn't have Galaxy to a part of it.
They didn't even mention Galaxy too.
Transfer city I really think.
Is
it?
Oh I'm going to college for computer science. Yes,
the main
door
each minute
had kids.
Yeah, hoping after I get the degree to go into game development.
people
like,
yeah, I can't really uh point out what I have since I'm not home, but I've got, I think I've got I've got every Sony system I know that I've got every Nintendo system from the smes up and I sadly don't have an original Xbox really and not mine, but I count my dad's dreamcast is mine, I'm the
only
one that's ever played it.
I've actually, I just redeemed that I've never played nights before.
maybe the nostalgia will let it hold up if it doesn't.
Yeah, I've got it pre ordered. Yeah.
I actually got lucky and when Sony did the lottery system about three months ago to uh let you go to the website to pre order it directly. I got into that so they just let me pre order directly from now.
I don't,
I don't think they're gonna launch
day. Need your company.
we
are.
Now and
I
that's
it. People place for
it.
Do
you
think?
Shit
horses?
No.
Yeah. When the PS four came out I ordered from Walmart and that uh it didn't come day one but it came day four.
Yeah. When I wait I check it every
like our, see if it updated. Yeah.
Tell
me
the
second
person
life.
RGC.
So I'm definitely gonna play demons the holes day one. I've already I've already got the new call of duty pre ordered to play with friends, definitely excited for the PS five upgrade on that and Final Fantasy 16 When it comes out in about eight years the same
time.
Yeah, I forgot about that. That's one of the ones I'm playing right away too.
Yeah, there's there's actually a lineup this time unlike the PS four. Yeah, PS
four I think they want. I pretty much only played Rizzo good.
I
just
My
roommates
didn't
pick it off with every single
they have been
talking about.
Like
yeah, this all out.
The the HD ones. Yeah. So good. I'm
glad
they I'm glad they did it. I'm
glad
they
brought it back.
it
should
have
just about it, so good. I hope they make another one with the same style now consisted
well.
that's why
I don't
know that.
that's true. So with the uh with the new Xbox, uh did you did you notice how they don't have a they don't have a digital only version with the same specs?
I'm
confused about that movie.
sir.
you're
you're
gonna be,
Thank
you.
Look
It's like 70 gigs normally just for os
that proprietary SSD they're showing horses
36.
I gotta get my physicals, I buy a lot of collector's editions for games I like.
yeah, I didn't
I didn't manage to grab 31 I do have the 212 though,
Yeah, I was hoping to be able to uh snag a digital Xbox and then when they made the pro go physical for the new Xbox I guess I'm gonna have to go physical both times.
especially
when
you're out. Yeah. Yeah, I used to switch a lot when I travel which haven't been able to do that recently, but it's nice to just be able to swap.
Six.
Yeah. Yeah. You bring the actual hardware with you even though a remote place, amazing having the actual hardware, portables even better.
I like both but it's just that most RPgs end up releasing on Sony and Nintendo to so I was so I was willing to go digital on Xbox for at least half the generation.
And I also
uh I also primarily play pcs or all of their exclusives are on game pass now for Windows so I can so I can play in many ways.
You
know,
I had to bring my desktop with me because my laptop was having his shoes the week before I moved into college, so I had to bring the desktop and then once the once I figured out how to fix the laptop, Yeah, I've got that again. So
I
I've got a I got a 2070 R. TX
And then a nice seven 8 700 K. I'm gonna upgrade that to a 9 900 case soon and I'm trying to change that to uh change the Gpu to a 30 80 but uh yeah, it's not in stock, it's not happening soon, it's not gonna happen.
Yeah, I went to the website as soon as it launched all three that I was gonna buy from out of stock was like yep they got the guy hit by scalpers. I'll uh I'll wait till january.
Probably won't even have to pay for it if it's in january. I can just tell my parents. Hey my birthday soon. You want to buy this gpu?
Check.
All
Thanks.
Leave.
you
get it.
But it's funny to see how quick it disappeared
it was gone. My father also
happened
Um Jesus Zephyrus G 14. It's actually sadly got better specs than my desktop. So I've been a whenever I play games it's been on the laptop instead just have a desktop taking up room just turns.
other
people.
Yeah.
Hey that's that's last generation. That means you can run most games if not
all
goodbye.
Yeah, I didn't
no, you go ahead. I it wasn't saying much
Oh, it's a freshman year, so I've got another
I've got another 3.5 years Oh, started right in the middle of Covid.
I
went
I went
right out of high school. Yeah, I figured if
I take time off, I'm gonna go, I'm lazy, I'm not going.
Yeah.
Yeah, I want to specifically do game development and maybe do localization. I'm gonna get a minor in japanese here and if it works out transferred to get a major and have double have two majors to do both
accounts of like actual smoke,
south Alabama of all places, so uh not really not really good for what I'm trying to do.
But
most of the game development stuff is northeastern California. So
uh I'm looking I'm looking for a move unless I do normal uh software engineering work for a while reason,
which
is still going to be really good pay better than actual game development. So I hear uh there's horror stories out of every company.
Sleep in the office for a few days. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, hoping the, hoping the ends justify the means here. Yeah.
No, I I live in South Album. My colleges in central Alabama.
Yeah, the uh I'm in the Birmingham area in Alabama right on the way to Georgia, peace
be on the cars and you wash
them
off
I can imagine. And then
hold it just
happened.
yeah, the redneck stereotypes chew in south Alabama too. Okay.
And
It's all right. I originally came from north Carolina, but then my dad got sick and my grandparents rent out houses. So we got a free house in south Alabama when my dad couldn't work. Mhm. It's
Mm hmm. I try north Carolina again. That might just be a nostalgia, making me feel that way. So I try it out.
the charlotte area where I'm originally from.
All right. Yeah, we'll say Birmingham here is a, I felt really nice compared to the mobile area where I'm from. So like you said, it's probably just certain areas in certain states are nice. Yeah. Okay.
Oh yeah, my roommate, 12 paper mark your calendars.
I was watching him play the beginning when he got the three D. All stars collection. Good times, Good times.
Oh, I actually just woke up. I'm not gonna lie
Central. So it's,
it's
3:30.
I wouldn't sleep of five.
Shit. It might have been a mistake. Might have not
True.
Might have to take you up on that.
You have a good day.