Yeah. You know, I don't have the proper names are gonna be a speedo course we need to score within syria. Uh And then we make you if you only win 10, then we fucking Jam gave away the first thing. Very funny junk off even the bad stuff with Massino. I see what the car love water birth. Hold on. Being shot to make any changes. They just put two guys on the show. Uh Just put two guys on with very little protein. Yeah. Go, go, go electro. Fuck. Why did she go? What he said fucking What are you going to? What the fuck you're walking yet? Look at that ball where he was always upset, jesus christ. That's why doesn't play. Yeah. Mhm. And it's a senior Kilibarda. This guy doesn't play the minute playoffs well because channels to the remote. Sure Zola and in the Mhm. Yeah.
Hey, how's it going?
Hey, do you
mind
if I
hop
off for like five minutes? I got something to do here really quick, but then uh shouldn't take too long.
It's going to be like, all right, I'll be right back. Uh huh.
Hello? Yeah, I'm ready when
you
are.
If I'm interrupting
something, I
could wait. Uh I
can wait
just
like use it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, No
worries.
It's higher. Right.
Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm.
Uh huh.
Oh yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
No problem. Thank you. Was I like, did you hear my voice come out of your pocket or something? I don't know if you can hear me, but I think your pictures frozen on my screen. Yeah. Yeah. Stop. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. There we go. Technical difficulties. Mhm,
I'm not
changing.
No, I guess you totally. Yeah. that, that sounds scary. What you're grabbing walmart.
Did you hear,
couldn't
that makes sense. Yeah. Did you hear what's coming out of your pocket or something? I was like, I was I heard all this noise. I was like, I thought I was like face down the car, I'm like, is this guy off roading or something?
I'm from Illinois, like around Chicago. I was actually,
I was supposed to be in Virginia this summer though for for an internship. So I made my way out there for like my interview, but I don't have time to like really walk around. But uh a day or two, I was in Richmond, so from what I saw, it did a lot.
I was
ordered to it.
Are
that's
not Um I was going to be, I'm a computer science student, I was going to be working with capital one. I got still like their biggest offices are and they're like around it says Richmond but really it's like half an hour out and then like mix it the clean. Which is like I guess closer to D. C. Mm.
Yeah. So what happened is they just move it to remote? Which like honestly at first I was like I was kind of a bummer. But a
lot of places just ended up like completely scrapping internships like just overall. So what I found out about that I was like okay like at least we're gonna have something. And like I just finished up for like It was like a 10 week long thing. It just wrapped up a couple weeks ago. And honestly, even with it being remote did a really good job so I can't complain about it, but I was definitely looking forward to. Uh I've never been out to like anywhere like out east really, so just spend the whole song. Really cool. Uh
Yes. Um So really, I'm like an hour away by car, I'm like out here in the suburbs. I'd say it's close enough to where you can tell people like, yeah, I'm from Chicago, and they'll be like, okay, unless
you talk to somebody from Illinois and then like, you can't play with it,
but
it
it's just it doesn't make any difference to them, It's not worth the time to explain it. It's more interesting Chicago. The big city.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm out here really. Like what I would call this like where I'm at is kind of like the border of civilization because like it's annoying outside of like an hour radius from Chicago, it just turns into like kind of indistinguishable from like, like just like Southern States really. Like it's all like farmland and stuff. So you know, I'm at, it's like already half corn fields and then you drive like two minutes south and you feel like you're just in the middle of nowhere, so we're pretty well removed from everything going on in the city. Yeah.
Like
that's good. Yeah. The stuff in Chicago, honestly, like, I mean it's just insane just like watching the videos and stuff, it doesn't even seem real really. You see like all this stuff happened, it's like in like the main downtown areas to like, I don't know like places
that
if you're just going to spend a day in the city, like this is where you'd be at and like all of a sudden it's just like, you can't even recognize it because everything is like, you know back and stuff.
But uh
I'm actually I go to school in the city though like again like I say in the city so my school has Chicago in like the name, which like I'm sure the marketing tag by them, it's more like Kind of like 45 minutes north of like downtown downtown. But so I'll be back up there sometime over the next couple of days are semesters getting started, which is going to be a whole nother story because of you know, all like the regulations and stuff. We did have
the sprint already like cut off half and just like online, starting in March. But like I'm not sure how an entire semester like starting from the beginning uh with the virtual thing is going to go. Mhm.
I
wasn't sure
that
month
you can
understand
are
Well
you had,
you know
I
And
good.
No,
just
Jack.
What?
Mountains.
It'll be okay for sure. But
yeah, taking, taking them all online, especially with CS is like not not a bad idea at all considering like our classes are more geared than any other major really to be taken like in that setting. Like even in person class, like if you had any of them in person, you're just if you're ever going to be showing something by your professor, it's like going to be them projecting their computer screen or something which is just as doable over whatever like video tool that they're using. So it's really not that much of a difference between in person and online. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I think you froze up again. I don't know if you could hear me still. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh huh. Some Uh huh
Well
eric.
Maybe
she's crazy.
Yeah. I guess it's just the way things are just in the country I guess. But I don't know a lot of times yet, like if you're not really making it a point to like digest the material, it can be easy to just like take a class and
can have a passing grade without actually anything. Like right now. I don't know. I feel
like,
I feel like it's kind of like the incentive of the professors to have students passed regardless. Like even if it isn't necessarily deserve it. Just because having this many students like fail isn't going to reflect well on them and like their course evaluation and stuff like that. So I don't know. I feel
like it can be difficult to like completely
like failed to get your degree.
Please.
What
is
going to be there?
Yeah. At least now like we have stuff like rate my professor. I don't know if you heard of that. Just like there are ways to like just kind of uh it's basically just like you can find the reviews for different professors. But even then it's like every person kind of has a different, you know like feel for how a certain person teaches. So it might not always be like a blanket. Like if they have a five star rating, you're going to like them or not. But it can be helpful sometimes when people are like, this guy gives out easy like assignments. This guy, he's kind of a stickler
that
billion. All right. Yeah, that's an asset. But this is actually my senior year. So not exactly the uh the ending the things that we had imagined.
You
know,
There are bigger problems than I mean it was the same kind of situation for last year's graduating class even for them. Like my brother was uh 2020 grad. And like I just felt bad for them because you think that like second semester, second half and second semester, if ever there was a time where you could like just completely let loose even if like you have working really hard, the 1st 3.5 years, like that would be the time. And then like for things to just so abruptly kind of be pulled out from arm to you. That's got to be tough
because
immediately.
That's
No.
Uh huh
What?
Ever.
I love.
Listen.
Same
here.
No enforcement, not even a law anymore. It's just a suggestion and mm
All
I understand.
Uh That's the most frustrating parts of it. It's just that like the fact that we were so like because for a decent I don't know how long it really was. A couple weeks maybe. I felt like people were more or less even if they like at their core didn't agree with it. They were kind of going along with things just because like everything is kind of so uncertain. You may as well air on the side of caution. But man, that's like once like are the impatience kind of like grew
and everything was just like okay, we might as well open up because people are gonna start ignoring it anyway. I don't know like now we're getting to the fall were like a lot of big things that people would look forward to. Our like cancel their like as far as I know how school looks over like for your kids, but like my little brother is in high school right now and as of like a week ago they were going to be back in person until like two days after that they released new guidelines from like the state Department of Public Health. And so now they're pivoting to fall online. And so a lot of people, I try to avoid the town facebook group lately just because I know that it's not a it's going to be a very toxic environment for this kind of company. But a lot of people just like bottom line are frustrated about like kids not being in school. But it's hard to look at it with like anyway, besides like it's kind of our own. Mm
mhm.
Created
Yeah, let's
get
do
you want?
They
a big thing around here has been like, like Illinois is huge, like was like high school football and stuff, I guess it's everywhere. But uh sports
seasons obviously if you can't have kids in class, you can't really justify having them on the field. And so like getting derailed and like that just goes along with like
one of the big things that if you like, if you're a high school athlete, like usually that's a big thing for you and perhaps like, I don't know. It says, I can't imagine having my senior year taken away when like, you know, after one finishes, you're already looking forward to the next one. Mhm.
I mean,
Come on,
come
on.
I know
that.
No, absolutely. Yeah, you can't you can't stay inside, cut off from everybody forever. You just gotta, even if you have to look a little different than usual you got then. Yeah.
So honestly, I'm still kind of like, the thing about it is like there's so many different ways that it can be applied that like, it's almost overwhelming at times because the
learning it in class is like, it's more or less like building blocks, but it's nothing compared to like how things are actually applied within like a given company. Like this summer I was working with uh like Yeah Capital. I'm like the bank. Uh so like that was my first internship that I've had. So like compared to the classroom experience were like every project is kind of like its own isolated thing to like moving into this corporate environment where there's like these bigger projects and you kind of like fall under the larger umbrella of like management stuff like that. I don't know if there are a lot of adjustments to make and like I thought it went really well, but I felt like the learning that was done within just that was like nothing compared to what I had seen, like just going to class and stuff. So I like the like the little niche that I worked on this summer. But um I don't know. I feel like I haven't seen enough to like totally no where I want to end up. One thing though that I'm interested in is uh so I'm a computer science major and I've also taken a lot of like statistics classes and so like the intersection of that uh they call like machine learning or like it's not just that, but like the intersection of computer science and stats like working with data basically is kind of like a emerging thing I think like right now it's kind of like one of the like buzz word type things that people look for in jobs like data science. Um So that's something that kind of really catches my eye. But again, I've never like actually touched it
as far as like a professional environment. So really like, I think I would like it, you know? But
I feel like I don't actually know until I see it, you know, up close and personal.
I mean
Yes.
And
what
this
fall
over.
myself.
All
good.
I don't know.
good
thing.
Yeah. The thing about the degree I think is like at the end of the day, like employers recognize that there's no way that you could have seen every single thing that they're going to be using like on their day to day basis, but
it's just
about, I don't know, I guess if it is about building the like the foundation for the concepts and I guess like when it comes to learning like a given language or something, even if you don't know the one that they use like chances are, you know, one that's similar and like it's kind of like, it's similar to like uh if you know spanish or something, it's really similar to italian like things they kind of match up and it's easier to pick up the next one after you already have like the initial uh knowledge
come from.
Come
on,
come on.
one thing Billy, I can't tell if it's, I guess it's exciting but also concerning is like, I mean you mentioned how like your CS classes, it's like, yeah, it's like pre apps and stuff like that. It's just that things change so fast. Like even like as I've been here, the computer science curriculum for like incoming majors has already changed. Its just don't I like 10 years from now, I guarantee
that like half the stuff I know it's probably gonna be obsolete. Like I guess it's cool because you can always be picking up something new, but it's also like, oh boy,
like what I've done is waste my time picking up all this other stuff, but that's like
that's
Oh
Oh my God. Yeah. If you're talking about like FORTRAN and COBOL those like you needed an iron will to persevere through that kind of stuff. Nowadays we got like uh, python is probably like the most accessible one and it's like
you could just read it like english. It's almost like two simple just to like, you know, get started without any prior knowledge. So I guess I'm the sense that it wasn't as intimidating going in when like, you know, it was, I didn't have to like reread my code six times just to print Hello World or whatever.
definitely spend more time fixing the errors in your code than writing the code. Mm
Um uh You know, I've been doing it fairly regularly honestly for the past. Like Honestly, I Gotta
say like five years, I remember a kid in Spanish class just like offhand mentioned it to me is like something he did. And like at that point like being a high school, if you didn't want to work a real job, I just like google like how to make money online or whatever, like, you know, so that's like right up my alley when he started talking about it and it's honestly like the best, the best option that I found compared to like everything else out there. As far as like that's all. How about you?
What happened?
Thank
you.
Bye.
Yeah, it's pretty good. Just like, you know, it's not like it doesn't take much after really to do, especially if you're not doing anything else. But I'll usually do is like, like I'll just have the tab open and then I don't know if there's an extension for google chrome. I don't know if you know it's called prolific assistant. Have
you heard
of?
Okay, well what I do is like if I'm ever like just on my computer or whatever or even if I'm not, I'm a computer, I just have it open next to me with the prolific tab open and prolific assistant. What it does is like it monitors the page for you And like, like every 60 seconds or something. And if a survey pops up then it will give you like a notification on your desktop. And what I love about it is that the notification is like this voice and it's like new study available on prolific and so you get really excited. But I'm gonna do that to like take away the the effort of having to double check the page and it's like, it's super like if you haven't, if you haven't checked that out already, then definitely look into it.
Yeah, it probably would be like the first one or two things. It should be like google chrome, but yeah, touch a touch a life saver.
Have you done
one of these ones before? Okay.
me too.
Thank
you.
huh.
You said, what was your name by the way? I don't think I was Okay. I'm christian nice to meet you, john
All right. Take
care