Hey,
what's going on? Uh
I
left
my
heart.
all right, that's fine. I just wait till you get back on. Right, Okay.
Yeah, Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Uniform and thank you. Security services speaking earlier today. Chancellor Angela Merkel said Germany will give Giovanni quote all the medical help required for NPR news. I'm in Berlin on Wall Street. The dow was up 46 points. This is NPR Who do you need is four minutes after five. I'm Kimberly Tagi with WN Marines. The economic fallout over 19 is amplified for genius eviction prices, leaving lawmakers to negotiate a solution that will keep both tenants and then it's from going union members of both the House and Senate have proposed rules mandating payment agreements, but they're not entirely being on the same page. Virginia public radio's Katherine Jackson points. Senate democrats are moving to require many property owners to offer payment plans for tenants who are late on their rent during a state of emergency. The effort has garnered support from landlords who say these kinds of agreements have helped keep people housed. Patrick McLeod is ceo of the Virginia apartment Management Association were supportive of legislation that looks at payment plans or looks at ways of doing things that are tied specifically to the state of emergency. While he's still reviewing the current Senate proposal, he says he's on board with the time constraint in the House delegates CIA prices, advocating for similar legislation as part of the broader effort to prevent evictions, but her bill does not include the State of emergency provisions. She questions the idea of correlating the duration of the public health prices with its economic aftermath. What is the magic number of months that it would take after an emergency? Alright. We're experiencing now in order for families in Virginia to be able to be back economically strong as they were before, depends in a hit and certain written either due process with governor authentic. It would take two months to go into effect on catwalks with Jackson. A lot of state mental hospitals like we're delivering emergency emissions and the institutions are already full As of all of the 17th, there were 79 positive cases of 2019 state hospitals, 50 of whom are patients, 29 support for him. He comes from Dana Farber Cancer Institute developing ways to use their hedy. Mhm. The reason I'm here is because of President Obama and joe biden donald trump hasn't walked into the job because he cared. The consequences of that because it will be a new New York. It's never going to look like what it looked like in 2018 or 19. I'm sorry that it's already turning to the hard copy and I like to hard to believe that we're only 75 days away from the most important presidential election ever. From coast to coast. From border to border from sea to shining sea. Sean Kennedy is fun Sean. And these new book is now available free or die in stores and online everywhere. Alright. News roundup information. Overload our it's gotta be killing under the new york time. Yeah. Uh huh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Oh yeah. No, stop. Okay. What? Oh, come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Time stick. No. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm Oh. Uh huh. All right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Are
you
back
and
Evan?
But
it
is
No,
I need two minutes.
Bring it back in here with uh huh. It might be Uh huh Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, number or kids? I have a small number. Oh hey. Oh
Oh Oh
bye. All right. Oh
shit okay.
Yeah.
All right thanks right man kind of thing?
All right. You hear me?
All right. Yeah I was saying I'm I'm a store manager of a pharmacy but we had a surprise call for 11 to 4 30 so I didn't really eat so and I'm diabetic so I had to run to walmart to get some
juice
to me so I wouldn't be like you know incoherent,
just some juice and perhaps you know jews
were bringing sugar back like right now and chips kind of levels you out because it's a little bit
of card.
That's hilarious. I'm from Virginia. Where are you? Where are you at?
Well there.
Well
I'm
a couple hours from Richmond but I've been there a couple times for work.
What, what was your internship
for?
it's like half an hour, probably half an hour from downtown. Nice, it's a nice area. So did they pause it? Because the Covid or what?
No,
so how far from like downtown?
yeah,
that's
exactly how I am growing up, I was an hour south of Pittsburgh, but I just told everybody I'm from Pittsburgh last, you know,
may know the area.
so you're pretty far away from all of the upheaval and unrest and you know, police, everything.
yeah, yeah, that's kind of our situation to, it takes me about 15 minutes to get into the next big town, sounded really a city um and I worked like a couple of pounds over from there, but yeah, we had like, like a peaceful protest where people just came and were silent, but no, you know, nothing crazy, no problems, no
burning boardings or arrest or anything. So we're pretty sheltered out here in Virginia,
It would
be
Okay. That's crazy, man.
Yeah.
Granite.
that's kind of crazy. But I'll tell you when I would see it and I I was in
school
in 2001,
I graduated high school and I went straight
into college and at that time I was taking computer
thighs
as well, but I'm
sure it was very different than what you're doing. Um this is, you know, before apps were a big thing, you know,
you didn't have
um the internet on your, on your cell phone, you know, did it was very rudimentary, you know?
But anyway, so we basically made like websites
with html, you know? But anyway, I guess my point is like, But I did 3/4 of my education
online because it's all computer courses why I need to be and why do I need to go to the college where they have a computer? I'll just do it on my computer at home. So yeah,
I mean I commuted, I saved all that
money and I didn't have to you know pay room and board and you
know, I mean I got always it wasn't the
hardest thing was the self motivation because am I gonna want to do school when I can hang out with friends or watch a movie and this is before netflix. So you know, it's even worse now the temptation to uh to not do boring school work when you can do
something fun is quite a temptation. But anyway, I guess it's kind of interesting that I do is in computer science and chose to do three points of my studies completely
online where you you are forced into it, but you can definitely persevere and do it. You just have to have the will will power.
Great.
I stayed with that. But uh some, some employers just want to know
you have a degree, you know,
they don't really care what it then. I've noticed that
in multiple interviews, they're just, you know, do you have a degree? So I mean if you feel like a waste of money, it certainly has felt like a waste of money for me. I'm still paying off my college loan, But uh you know, uh 19 years later, I mean it's
just crazy,
but if I didn't go to college, I'm making half the amount of money and you know, wouldn't wouldn't be able to, you know, really have any advancement for my family. So it is what it is.
mm. 10 years,
No.
And
true.
He
well, and I think people have to be understanding that with Covid. It's I mean, it's a whole new deal. I mean, we've never been in anything like this. You know, our country
has never been anything like this. It's completely new. So I think they have to be understanding, you know, um to know that it's going
to be
different,
it's going to be a challenge. And if they're understanding then, you know, people will work with them. Um but I don't know what year you're in in school, but you know, you have all kinds of different professors, some that are really cool and some that just aren't it's impossible to know beforehand. You know which kind you you get
yeah sorry, I was gonna say Raymond Professor is that's true, we didn't have that when I was going to school. Yeah I
guess that's a different
it's uh
now
I guess not.
We got to be. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose
so.
Um I mean it's not really bad where we are right now but for a while it was it was bad like we we live in an area that has a
lot of um like poultry plan and for a while like you can't really see the difference your Children of shoulder and uh that and like old folks homes like the nursing homes, it just ravaged them,
so in this area especially you were hit pretty hard but now it kind of leveled off like people people know now like you know if I'm a nursing home, I don't I don't want to get meet anybody. Uh huh. So
it's a little bit better but it was scary there for a while. I mean we heard about it in let's see, february. I think we started
I mean I have a couple of kids so we started being careful and not going out as much whatever.
Yeah we started we started out in february and then the governor had a lockdown
and everything and you're supposed to have a mask when you go out but probably at least around
here half the people don't and
it's a two.
Is it really? Yeah it was a toothless law to say do it but if you don't we're not gonna do anything. So you know
really is. Yeah. So I heard a on the radio I heard an economist once suggests he said you know it would cost us about um I want to say $4, $4 billion dollars to buy every
man, woman and child in America has meant to, We just met you a hazmat suit and it's got $4 billion. But if we did that, we would stop literally, we would stop the coronavirus in America overnight. You know, I mean, you know within a month. And uh and how much are we losing
every month that our economy is closed? So I don't think we would do it if people won't even wear a mask, they're not going to wear a hazmat suit. But I but I like the creativity. Like we we we could end this thing if it wasn't for our own dumb samples.
Well.
Yeah, I
agree. I agree. Yeah, we're totally online here. So it was gonna be a hybrid. like go to school a couple of days, but they decided to make it completely online. But yeah, I got, I mean I have little kids anyway. I'm not going to care too much about it. The old, the older ones are gonna care because they're gonna miss their friends, but the little ones, you know, I mean they're learning like
colors and shapes and numbers and I can, you know, I can put on where my wife can put on a fun Youtube video or something and and still teach them and we'll be fine.
But,
but my heart goes out to the high schoolers because I mean that's that's your time to like learn who you
are
and you know, develop into a person into like into an adult. And uh it really feels like they're getting robbed their no fault of their own just because this crazy thing happened, you know? So it
kind of sucks.
Okay.
Month.
Yeah, that would be tough. They were pretty tough. But what are you gonna do? We survive as a as a people and we persevere. I mean
besides the big events being cancelled, I think life is pretty much back to normal. I mean you know backyard barbecues are happening again. I mean we just we just celebrated a birthday from my nephew. I mean we we were just outside instead of inside and then we will spread out our chairs to like social difference.
But that was really the only
different
and nobody hug, nobody hugged or even handshake. But besides that we still celebrated
apart
because they know people are like, hey life got to go on.
Yeah, for sure. So what do you want to do with computer science
about?
Mom.
man.
Yeah. Well that's the nice thing about an internship or you know something for a small amount of time is you kind
of put your foot in the water and see if there's something that you would do, you know long term. Um
I guess they say like,
you
know, My dad, he only had one job his whole life, that was it. My
mom
had one job her whole life, that's those days
have passed. You know, I mean, I've had five jobs, like five career jobs already. Uh and I'm you know, um younger than 40. And so that's
I think that's the more just that's the new norm and especially would imagine that would be true with computer science
because things are changing all the time, you know, with computers so rapidly uh you know, And so anyway,
yeah, I guess you could call 1000 different directions after you have your degree and it really has some job security as well because computers of the future, they're not, you know,
they're going to continue to need uh need smart people with degrees with a
computer.
I think you've chosen wisely.
running
it.
Yeah, it's so true.
That's so true. And I think college exposes you to a lot of different ideas and it teaches you how to think and problem solve, which is invaluable to affirm that, you know, needs somebody to, you know, to think, especially with computers, all these troubleshooting and and being creative and so, you know, they're really paying somebody for their for their brain. And so if you develop that in college, then, like you say, you don't have to do the exact thing that you learned in your school work, but there's enough crossover that you've already been exposed to the idea and you kind of get it quicker and you know, you're you're gonna think on you're gonna be able to
be more valuable
then somebody off the street that has no idea what they're talking about and so, you know, it's a good investment for yourself
young, but yeah, anyway, you know, this year senior, you're you're going to graduate soon and get a good job.
Well,
Mhm.
Yeah, I learned the languages of Cobo Hall and Four train and html
coding and, you know, nobody uses any of that anymore. I mean, I guess there's there's a basis there, but you know, um I
would have loved to to learn, you know, C Plus plus or or even how to make my own app or things like that and that was like one year away from me, like the people that I graduated and then look back a year later and they were learning that stuff that I would have loved to learn now. But yeah you're right, it just changes so fast. Mhm.
No.
Well yeah and and if you had an air which you always did you have to go through it line by line. I like finding a needle in a haystack.
It's true, yep that's hilarious. Oh my. Well how much uh prolific do you do it? It's kind of a society thing or is it like more right now?
People,
Yeah me too. I played around with some of those other side. Nothing compares. You know,
prolific is far and away. The best. I probably make like $40 a month. You know, I mean I have a full time job so I just do this on the side. But I especially like,
like the ones,
You know, if something comes up for like 12 cents, I'm like no, I'm not gonna do that. But
yeah, I think I've I've done like 500 surveys now and Probably make about $40 a month.
No,
I
don't know.
No, I never heard of it. I can just google it prolific assistant.
Yeah, I'll definitely check that out.
Well,
this is my third one. Third video chat. Yeah,
You can do
four.
I'm pretty sure. So I guess I can do one more, but it was a nice uh
nice time with you.
raise your question.
All
right, take it easy.