Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Can you hear me? Great.
it was so quiet. I thought it might have been muted. Mhm.
I know
And
all
So I've never done anything like this before, have you?
so what are
you know I think I think they said that we might get some people get a prompt and others don't so maybe we're in the no prompt group. Did you get a prompt?
Okay. Okay. So what do you what is your life? Yeah. Yeah.
But
well that
that's actually a really crazy coincidence because so I just graduated med school and I'm about to become a child neurology resident. So
yeah I don't think that's in my profile anywhere so it's kinda crazy.
Or unless somehow dug into my data to figure that out and pick can I can I hear more about that?
Not
yet.
Well.
And,
No.
But there are kids, right
and
Have you found anything really interesting
and?
Mhm.
Well.
That,
Are these
kids who have consumed alcohol? Are they kids whose moms have consumed whose mom?
Yes.
It's an interesting
they
graduate from his school.
Um Really? We got really lucky
at my school because we had pretty much finished up all our credits and they actually pulled all the classes under us from clinical rotations so they're not really getting trained right now. Um And I don't know how that's going to pan out for them because that's happening across the country and all med schools that it was recommended that they not go into the hospital, but we have pretty much finished up our credit. So we just took some online classes and graduated. Um And like the only I think the only my field has nothing to do with Covid and kids don't tend to get sick from it so it probably won't actually affect me that much in the workplace other than just getting exposed to it. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah so after you finish med school you have your M. D. And then you become a resident and that
that's the first year of that is called internship. It's really confusing. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah we just moved two days ago. Hold up.
and everything.
and
thankfully things are starting to open up so it's been a little easier than it otherwise
and
we've actually we actually went out to eat the other day which was crazy. Yeah
or
um we moved to a state where they're just starting to their opening up pretty quickly right now but a week ago they weren't opened up. Mhm. Yes
Okay. How has it affected you a lot when you? Uh huh.
Well
Well.
Like
what
I was
so the main the main thing that made it difficult was that we weren't allowed to actually tour apartment in person forehand, they weren't they were only doing virtual tours and it wasn't
actually of the apartment that we would be living in, just kind of an apartment in the building. Um
Yeah I think because someone was living in here but the apartment turned out great so I can't complain there. And then the other thing was for my work required two weeks of quarantine for people moving from certain states before doing anything, otherwise I don't really think it'll affect you that much, depending on where you're coming from. Are you moving different different state?
Well,
of what,
Are you Oregon?
Have you always been wanting to do the clinical psychology? Yeah.
you
know,
so
that's
Yeah.
Oh yeah. Yeah, I'm really excited just um just doing online classes and online everything for months is not that fun after a while. And
I just I just love I love taking care of kids and I'm excited to be able to actually do that a little more autonomously but also scared because I'll have a lot more responsibility and will make mistakes that hurt people. So I'm scared about that, but excited to get back to work. Oh,
I
don't know.
Yeah. I mean we're all aware of it and I think we'll get more of it this coming year because as med students, nothing kind of falls on us. When we make fake, it always falls on someone above us. Um but we've definitely made mistakes as med students and we don't feel like it's not our responsibility or our fault. So we've we've had some exposure to that and it just just kind of gradually increase the responsibility.
Hopefully
not all places that that's not the kick is Yeah. For a night shifts and things like that. Yeah,
I am. Yeah, they're only
that
I
listen to. But yeah, what do you what talking about?
I have
that's been highly recommended. Have you listened to the whole thing? Okay,
so I've heard this story and I've avoided listening to it because it sounds like it would make me really sad and angry. But yeah, I think that, so my understanding is that there is a neurosurgeon who was just really bad and made tons of errors and just kind of had really inadequate training and that was what was behind it all. Um but no one was willing to report him and that that kind of thing. We got a lot of training and doing the opposite of what he did and always admitting your mistakes and also like just seeking every opportunity to learn because you don't want to be in that position. Yeah. I don't know how that happened because the requirements are pretty rigorous for the first surgeon. So I don't know how he slipped through the cracks. Uh huh.
I
hope
so. I hope. Yeah, I think that kind of settler versions of that are more common, like
older physicians who people aren't willing to kind of speak up if they're making mistakes like people who are really prestigious and really superior to you. It's kind of, it's really hard to speak out if they're making a mistake. Yeah. Um
And
then.
And
So what is your
degree
going to be like? Is it two years? three years? Right,
And
Uh huh. Oh, man. Uh huh.
How have
um have you kind of been doing this research assistant thing for a couple of years now? Oh,
angry.
But
possible.
I'll be doing child neurology, so it's neurologic conditions and kids. Yeah.
Mhm. I think so. Not everyone likes it.
Autumn.
if,
yeah. So if there's a kid with the neurologic problem, you evaluate them and then you treat them um based on whatever they have. So it's mostly things like seizures and so you find out is this really a seizure um What kind of seizure is it? What's the best medication for it? Do they need surgery for it? Um
And then things like several policy where you kind of help them function a little bit better. Things like A. D. H. D. And developmental delay. What
got you interested in Psychology? Mhm.
Or?
Body.
You don't have to have a great answer for it. Sometimes the blank answers are blanked like they are the common answers for a reason.
it's
Did you
like an undergrad?
Of?
Thank
you.
good.
No no no no. I was this philosophy major in undergrad it
and I that I decided kind of halfway through I was like what the heck am I going to do the philosophy major? So I started really thinking about it and I was like so opposed to taking any science classes. And then I realized, wait, medicine is actually like everything I want in a career, so let me just try it and then once I started pursuing it was it was just so clear, I've never been more passionate about anything, but it was a total surprise to me. Well,
like
I try, yeah, I did a little bit of that. Probably not as much as I should have, not as much as others had the time to do. It kind of started earlier. Um The main thing was just, I finished my classes, my pre works at the last minute side to take a gap year. Um But med med schools are actually interested in people who don't take a traditional path right now because they want rail rounded people. Um But I think it actually helped me more than anything else to have a weird major, it's
sad because the people who want to be a doctor for their whole life and do all the right things to get there kind of are behind in that way. What? Okay.
especially because they often do know what they want to do, but so have you always a
city?
Well
so this will be more like
normal and
Thanks.
No, I've always lived in a small town on the east Coast. Um
I moved between states but for the last 20 years I've been in the same town, that's where I went to med school, I went to not in the same state um But I've always lived in a small town and I just moved to like a town of 900,000. A city of 90,000 people. So
so it's a big step up but. Okay.
huh.
No actually rent super crazy in my hometown because it's a college town and I would say it's actually more affordable here.
Just crazy. Yeah. Mhm.
yeah. We're really lucky. Do you have any family around? Yeah.
Off
What
sorry? Someone's calling?
Hang up. I have an older brother and um but he and my parents both live in the town I just moved from. So this will be my first time really living more than two hours from them and I think it's gonna go okay I wouldn't have much time to see them anyway in residency. Um Is there an airport where you're moving to that you can get to?
No.
Are you nervous about it?
I don't know.
And
that's
I'm so sorry. Okay.
There shall be doing psychology too, but
all
are
you
happens.
Are there something else is?
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. My husband. Yeah.
yeah he is unfortunately. So where he went to school is major rivals with, where we're going to residency, that's his that's the only problem he is with it. But he's
it's going to be, he's
very
old
here I think he will. No.
Gosh, what was I going to ask you O south Dakota? How many students will be in your class?
And Right,
okay,
Oh my gosh, that's so tiny. Right,
And
that's taking a lot of persistence
I got.
you'll
probably
find
out
pretty quick.
Are you an introvert or an extrovert? Yeah.
Oh
get
on
the phone.
introvert have a hard time. You're right. Oh yeah,
so that won't be as hard for you moving to a small town with a classified people and. Right.
So there are five child neurology residents. But for the first couple years I'll be kind of in the regular pediatrics class which will have like over 40 people. Which is yeah.
And somehow someone else from my med school which is like across the country um matched to the child neurology program as well to
applying to child neurology from my school. And we both matched here. Um
Uh Oh I don't know if you like the match system. So when you graduate med school, have you heard of it? Okay.
So you don't get to really choose. They just kind of open an envelope and find out. Yeah.
Yeah. You interview her and then you were in places and then they rank you and then if you have a partner then you couples match. Which is what we did. So you both rank places and then so that you can end up at the same place. It's pretty crazy. Yeah.
What
Yeah.
Pretty cool. Yeah. Mhm.
Well.
Your timeline was a little off though. Oh
well.
I think our time is that?
But it's really awesome to talk to you.
Well.
Good luck in grad school and going back. You don't
because
they
will.
Nice to meet you. Okay.
Have