Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh okay. Uh huh. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Right. Oh okay.
Again. Uh huh.
Yeah, I had an issue with my laptop,
it's using my camera so I had to be a little creativity. I'm actually using a mirror
so that I'm
so like I can use my front camera if that makes sense. Yeah.
I have never know. I actually wasn't even sure what to expect like at all. Yeah. Yeah.
Do you know if we were given like a prompt at all?
I didn't know, it's kind of seeming like we're in the no problem group at this point.
that's a good question I guess. Yes, so I'm actually a research assistant on a study that's like looking at how I guess like kids brains develop and how alcohol affects it. So I guess I was kind of like inclined
to seek out other studies and that's kind of how I ended up here. But.
What about you?
No kidding.
Well that's super random.
Yeah. A little bit. I mean to be I mean it sounds like you might know more than I do even on something
like
the uh. Yeah. Yeah I mean I'm so I'm like the coordinator of the study, so I don't do a ton with analyzing stuff, I just collect the data. And um but we're in year seven of this longitudinal study where we we we um we recruited based on like 12 to 18 year olds and then we have like 850 all across five different sites. There's like three on the West Coast and two on the East Coast. And then we're just following the same people, you know, for seven years
we do like an interview asking a bunch of random stuff mostly about alcohol and other drug use. And then
we do like a neurotic assessment and then we do an M. R. I. Every year. And we're kind of tracking, you know, a bunch of stuff.
It's almost like the walmart of research. We have like a bunch of different things that we're collecting. So yeah,
Yeah, they're older now, they're like probably uh like what are they like 18-27
ISH or so. So. Yeah.
Um So yeah, that kind of goes back to like, I I don't really do much like with analyses
or anything right now, there's like a couple of random things that I kind of remember is like um what is it like? Um
So like there's like the reward network in the brain where like
the nucleus accumbens, I guess it's like super important.
And they found that it's like smaller and people who, who had like earlier onset of heavy alcohol use so for whatever that's worth for you.
But
Oh, uh, than them kids themselves. Yeah, that's a good question. Yeah. Yeah. What
about you? So what you just, so you just graduated med school? Right?
Well, that's
intense.
Yeah. Really? Okay. This is like probably one of the most unique times in human history to like graduate medical. Like how are you affected
my
essentially. So you finished school? So how are you going off on like an internship? Is that I forget what you call it in med school
resident?
okay. Gotcha.
Cool. So yeah, So you're probably like in the process of moving to go do that, right.
Holy cow
man. Just add to all the stress you gotta move during this
like weird time to
Oh, that's
good.
So did you move to a state that's like like pretty opened up and there's not a lot of restrictions
or is it like
gotcha. Cool, wow, that's that's exciting and kind of interesting.
of, I mean like not nearly as it's mostly we we moved to like working from home um So because we're like housed in a hospital too, and so like there's just like a bunch of like concerned about spreading it, so we immediately stop our study
and are just kind of on pause right now and just kind of, we were able to bring
our computers home so that was nice so we have stuff to do. But I mean we can't bring people into our visits. But yeah, yeah, I'm actually about to move to in like a couple of months and
starting
grad school for clinical psychology,
so I'm like yeah, so I'm trying to figure out how that's going to be with moving but sounds like it wasn't too bad. How how is it for you?
well.
Just like a random one.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Move in different states. Yeah. So I don't know if it's like a big deal to say but like, so I'm in Oregon Portland Oregon right now and then I'm moving to like
a super small town in South Dakota,
so like it'll be big change. But yeah,
no, I'm actually from Illinois, I moved out to Oregon like three years ago and then um yeah, moving back to the midwest sort of. Yes,
yeah, I've been trying to work for that like for a while then trying to get in somewhere and been rejected everywhere,
so,
but finally found
a place to get in.
But yeah, but uh
yeah, so we'll see how that goes. But are you excited to finally be working?
All right. But
how does that conversation go? Like when preparing medical
students
like because there is that like dynamic of your learning but also like there are consequences to to your decisions. Like do you guys talk about that or how is that?
Yeah, I guess that makes sense. It's not like you're just like out on your own on internship, you're still going to have like some supervision on some level
maybe. Like hopefully.
Have you uh are you in the podcast at all?
Have
you
heard
I was thinking have you heard about dr death that
series?
Yeah, I thought it was super interesting. Like I don't know, it's just kind of wild. I don't know if you had any hot takes like on it.
Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. That's well that's encouraging to hear your perspective on that. It sounds like it's much more rare occurrence maybe
than
common.
bump.
Yeah, I can see that would be the case, like especially if you if you like learn something new, like,
like there's
new research on this and but they're like, well I've been doing it this way and have had great success. It's like what are you going to disagree
with them, like? Yeah,
that's
interesting.
it will be, it's kind of similar, it will be four years of school and then an internship afterwards. Um But yeah, so
that'll be interesting. I'm like I've been trying to get into like a set of program forever, so I'm excited to get started, but I'm also like scared of like being a student again and not having money.
it is what it is
then.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. About three years. Pretty much like the whole time I've been here in Portland, I've been doing it. Um So yeah, it's been finishing. So
I mean we pretty much get paid like grad students anyway, so it's not like I'm taking a huge like cut, you know? But major lifestyle change. But yeah, we'll see. But sorry, you you were saying that you specialize in kids. Cool. Do
you have like a specific thing with like
within kids or is it like just general like
wow, that's interesting.
yeah, that's really cool. So I do you do like,
I don't, I don't even know what question I'm trying to ask to like get more information, but like what do you do? Like assessments
and stuff for like, kids, just like neurological disorders, like how does that look like, what do you do?
Oh.
interesting.
Yeah. Yeah.
I'm not really sure. I feel like there's the like blanket answer. A lot of people say there's like interested in people and whatnot, which is true, but I don't know, it's just like
more interesting than the other like, subjects that could have taken together. Like, I don't really have a great answer for it, but
Yeah. Yeah. There's a reason they're like, they're like cliche it almost
like, because a lot of people feel that way
totally.
I actually didn't, I um I
switched like last semester of college, like of undergrad, like I think
I'm gonna
pursue clinical psych, whereas I was actually like, I really wasn't even trying to go to college to be honest. I just I was a runner and wanted to run in college. So I like had to pick a major to do that and I picked communications and then at the very last second I was like, oh wait I can't run forever. So now I actually have to like what I want to do and then kind of took the long route.
But yeah, what about you? Joyce? No, you're gonna go to med school.
No kidding.
interesting. So how does that transition work from philosophy to like getting into medical school? Did
you have to do like a bunch of stuff outside of school? Like research or or like shadow?
interesting.
seems a little odd almost like I mean I get the like the idea of like diversifying your talent pool but also like if people are know exactly what they want to do, like are you going to tell them to take the long route to get there now?
Well, that's
interesting. Uh, actually grew up in a town of like 4000 people and then moved to Chicago for undergrad and then uh
moved to Portland after that, so, but yeah,
we got,
yeah, it will be, yeah, it will be, yeah, a little little more typical, but um
still, still a little different, It will be interesting. Um What about you, as you grow up in a small town or you always, if you live in a city always or
hmm.
dang.
Yes, that would be a big, big difference. I'm sure
Rhett was like way crazier.
no kidding.
Well, that's kind of lucky.
Uh yeah, not so it's kind of a that's definitely
one of the big reasons why I wanted to move out of Oregon is like after coming out here, I realized how much I really want to be close to my family and they're all in Illinois and um so south Dakota was like nicer to be closer, but I'm still like really far, really far from them and then it's like harder to get flights there. So it's just like, all right. I don't know if that was the best move, but you know, it is what it is. It's more of after grad school now know that I can kind of go wherever
after that.
What about? Yeah.
No,
the closest was like an hour away and it's like a small one. It's kind of funny because the current students there were like basically the major selling points are going there was there like, well there's not a lot of distractions. You will get your work done like great. So. Yeah.
Yeah, a little bit. I'm currently living with my partner and I moved to Oregon
essentially because she was going to school out here for the same thing and then she's going off on internship in like a totally different states, so we're gonna be moving to be like a few hours, like hours hours apart from each
other. So
it's kind of a bummer.
Yeah, it's all good. It's part of life I guess.
Yeah. Same degree. Except
she'll be doing her internship
and
I'll be just starting. So But
yeah. Exactly. Yeah, I was like, I'm always complaining. I'm like it's crazy that we're like interested in the same things and then are punished for it. Like it's because just because like there's only small opportunities but it is what it is. Yeah.
you said that. Yeah. Yeah.
You said that you moved somewhere with with someone.
Nice. How is he excited about moving?
that's awesome.
Maybe
he'll soften
up.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool.
Um In my class there's gonna
uh five.
So. Yeah.
I know. Yeah. Yeah. Although yeah, that's why it's so hard to get into these places because they only take like five people at a time. So it's like most people get turned away. That's why every year I was like
keep getting rejected. Finally got in somewhere. But
Okay. Yeah. Sometimes I wonder if that's like a problem because I almost have the blinders on and I'm
wondering if I'm even doing what I want to be doing, you know? It's just like I'm so stubborn, it's like about getting in, not actually doing what I want to do, but
we'll see,
see
how that
goes.
I would imagine. Yeah, that's probably true. Yeah.
I would say I'm definitely an introvert. Um
but like, can
be
extroverted
if, if need be kind of a thing. What about you?
Yeah. It's hard.
Right. Exactly. That's true. Yeah. How many people will be for your residency, like?
So it would be like in a group of like 40 people and then like a more like a subgroup of child neurologist. Nice.
Oh, no kidding.
Okay, wow. That's really random. That's exciting.
Yeah, I'm familiar. Yeah.
You're like told where to go. Do you interview places though?
Oh, that's interesting. Waste
your partner is also in. Yeah.
Oh, that's awesome, wow. That's way cool. Okay.
Yeah, I didn't know they could do that with with the match system. We actually have a really similar match system for clinical psych.
Yeah. But I didn't know that you could do it with partners. Like that's awesome.
Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I missed it by a
few years. Yeah.
Yeah I think it is. Yeah. So
yeah it's nice to talk to you. Good luck in residency.
It sounds like it's a big changes and should be really interesting.
Yeah I appreciate it. Thanks. I
might need
some
luck. Yeah.
Yeah. That's
what you too. You too. But.