leaving
there?
I can hear you can hear me
Great, welcome. Uh so where are you located
texas? I am in Delaware Rome East Coast.
So
what
court?
and
then
Um yeah we friends of mine had a cabin up northwest of Williamsport, Little Pine State Park. We go up there twice a year.
very interesting. You guys texas, you're all over the news with a lot of these covid cases taken off? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I think everybody has and trying to adjust and adapt. So I've actually been quarantining myself since Wednesday because I was with someone in the vehicle Tuesday evening who Wednesday tested positive. So I've been hearing clear until I either get symptoms or get a negative test. So a
little
chicken,
a little too close for comfort though, that's for sure.
Did they close schools there? Yes.
Yeah.
Jana
What?
Uh huh. People are people are being stupid unfortunately and it's gonna hurt all of us.
You don't have to be in such a rush. You have your whole life ahead of you. We can take a few months.
they were ones that Delaware always seemed to be taking the lead from, you know as to what they were looking at. Uh I think we didn't really look at Maryland which was kind of odd since we're always tied into Maryland law but looked a lot of pennsylvania, New Jersey and even new york and what they were doing and followed suit. Yeah. Crazy, crazy times.
It's
been the challenge. What what took you from pennsylvania to texas?
Yeah. Yeah. I can't imagine having had a big elaborate ceremony planned and having to adjust or cancel.
Yeah.
Nobody
nobody's gonna be able to travel in and you have to be tough. Well that's cool too. How long you've been doing the prolific thing? What?
Mhm.
All right. Yeah
I
I think I started in august so I'm coming up on about a year.
Yeah so it's
been
I had one probably back in january and actually it was a young lady in California and her camera didn't work so she could see me. She could hear me, I could hear her but it ended up not being the exact two way video. So
which
would,
so
you
actually
did it you did it kind of for the same uh
same researchers. Okay.
Yes once I once I found it I I started thinking well you know there must be other places that do this. So I started looking at other ones and most of them we're not I mean this one you when you get it you're already pre screen, you already qualified for it. If you click into it, you're going to do it and finish it. The other ones were, you know, you click in, you'd answer some questions, you'd spend like five minutes like unfortunately you don't qualify.
Now
I started good.
What?
Yeah. And some of them we will give you the opportunity to uh get the results later. What?
But it's not because it's all academic research based, which is is cool.
In
the end
I
got
it.
Yes. Yes. And I I found um have you tried amazon mturk What? So
yeah, I I found that a couple months ago and for a few weeks did pretty well at it, but I found it was all consuming and in order to they had to be on it and stay on it in order to get anything good where this is kind of neat to where you know you get a notification if something comes up and choose to do it or not so uh
Mhm
is
that
What,
in a minute
that's
what I heard, I think
I
like to like 900 and I did start seeing that I was getting more better things, but I
had to take a break.
Mhm.
Well.
What?
Okay, that's a good point, that's a good point. And maybe those qualifications might open you up for more of those types in the future too.
paul.
I noticed that. Yeah. I think one day I uh one night I was on, I just happened to be on and I found one and for what it was, you had to do a little bit of research on a website for something, But there was like 1000 of them available. And so I did want to talk a little bit of time and then you know, it just kept allowing me to do more and more and more and I must have must have done 40 of them and made like 70 bucks in one night. Yeah.
Mhm.
What?
Great. Yeah, that's kind of neat about prolific cause you don't, you really don't have to deal with that. I mean some of them have the attention checks. You gotta make sure you might, if you don't pay attention, you might get rejected for that reason. But otherwise I
don't
want,
I
just had one had 12 weeks ago and she said, I'm rejecting you because the way you answered your political affiliation doesn't align with your profile on prolific. Well I answered, I answered those political affiliation things the same way every survey. So I kind of went back doors like I don't understand why you rejected. And she said, well you answered this way and your profile says this and I just went back and forth with her a little bit and just kind of said, you know, here's my deal and here's my stance and here's why I answer those things, you know, and you know, and like, you know, good luck to you and hopefully
you maybe um, arrange your surveys a little differently in the future. And she came back and asked a few more questions and she's like, you know what, I'm going to reverse it. Like, this is a lot of work for like 45 cents, you know,
How?
Well, that's
it. I mean just just and I think what it was is, you know, I identify as Republican, but I don't agree with everything Republican. And she was like painting you into these things. You know, if you're Republican, you have to agree with all these things.
And
and
just
and it knows
she's
like, well, she's like, well, wouldn't that make you independent? I said, you know, maybe in your eyes, but, you know, I'm registered Republican, you know, so it it was just really weird that it's like, and I said, you you kind of want to you're wanting to paint people into these based on what you assume about those parties and people have free choice. I don't have to blindly follow everything a party agrees with if they identify with that party.
All
Well, you know that, so I've explained myself to people before, you know, I said I'm very fiscally conservative, but I'm probably pretty socially liberal. They said, oh well you're a libertarian, okay. You know what that is, but I'm sure as hell not going to register as such, you know? Yeah.
So funny.
Or
how
much?
Yeah, or you know, which do you align with Republican? Do you do you lean heavily Republican? You know, it's like gives you a scale or conservative on how conservative are you not vary? Yeah, it's interesting. Uh So what do you do work outside of this? Well, you said third shift usually used to working?
That's really weird that they basically essentially make you quit and reapply.
Well.
Work,
What?
Yeah, the meaning.
probably.
probably. There's a
method to the madness for sure.
No.
So
you're,
yeah. Okay. So you were in one of the fulfillment centers? And so were you actually picking? Uh huh.
No.
what?
So do they essentially take shipments from suppliers and break it down into smaller groups to go to the individual centers? Is
that
and no.
Meeting
her now.
Yeah, I mean.
So it
almost
seems
like almost seems like they keep the you were keeping the other centres stocked when they were
indians were shipped to buyers.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Well that's what I was gonna ask you was if that's especially if that's what you've been doing, was it as hard driving as, as there as it's portrayed to be?
Well,
No. Mhm.
I think the coolest thing that to see amazon involved with now is is the logistics and the shipping, you know because so I had one of my childhood friends who during high school actually started working part time at ups And then spent almost 25 years with them. And worked his way up. Where he was managing some of their couple of their centers where I think three years ago now probably three years ago he was hired away from them by Amazon to work in one of their were set up one of their logistics centers in D. C. Area. And so now you know three years ago you're like well that's interesting, amazon is getting into that and now you see the trucks of the bands you know out every day just like USPS and UPS and Fedex.
That's
You do
Mhm. But yeah let's really need to see them involved in that. It can just handle everything from completely taking the order to have an inventory to shipping it actually being the one that brings into the door.
I don't think it's your yet either. Of
course
I'm
a lot more
well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. We um see all the you know we what's it's like four seas that we're known for um corporations, right? Because Delaware is like a tax haven for corporate taxes, so something like 65% of the Fortune 500 companies are incorporated in Delaware. Um So uh corporations chemicals because uh Dupont was based here, credit cards because all the banks are are based here and a lot of credit card operations, credit card call centres and stuff are here and chickens
because
so Purdue is uh produced based just south of us in salisbury Maryland, but like our southernmost county, Sussex County is like the the chicken producing capital of the world.
Thanks.
Yeah, everywhere everywhere you go there's there's these chicken houses that are just growing chickens, so and then
we
have two
and then the chicken chicken processing plants that unfortunately are, you know, are slaughtering them and packages in them and sending them off. Yeah, so supposedly those, it's like the four seasons what Delaware's move for?
See
something new every day, Every day. Yeah.
that's
fun.
But
now that added some bride
Mr
especially,
yeah, not Williamsport area. Right, I mean it would be mild, fairly mild summers.
I've heard of that.
Oh, is that like uh that area of new york, is that like buffalo? Or is that like Syracuse or you know, I mean what?
I've
heard of that.
Mhm. There we go. I just looked it up. Okay.
Yeah, you're way up there.
What?
Yeah.
Yes, I can, I can imagine that. Looking at it here. Mm.
What?
Talk.
yeah, I mean it looks like you're right in the middle of a lot of places. I mean Williamsport, Scranton, Binghamton, Ithaca I know all those places. Uh huh uh
What?
11 year we were up there up at the cabin and we went in for, because we're usually there during the summer, right around the Little League World Series. So never never made into a game but did go to Prayed one Year and Oh my God, the longest parade ever.
No.
What?
Yeah, it's not like it's just a day or a weekend or I mean it goes on and
on.
it's
really unique and I think it's a leader to Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. Um So I guess it's our time up. Do we have to
do
25 minutes? and I jumped on about 805,
So we are we are covered. So pleasure speaking with you. Good luck. Good
luck with getting the wedding schedule and everything.
Thank you.
Stay healthy. Mhm.
All right.
We'll take care
of
like.