Mhm. Well I started okay I'll let you know when it's over mm. Yeah.
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yep you sound good?
texas
I'm from pennsylvania.
I've only
lived
um you know where Williamsport is? Ah yeah I lived
there,
I just moved down to texas two years ago. Oh
that's not yeah that sounds familiar. Yeah.
yeah they we opened up a bit too early
hopefully a
negative
test.
Yeah Evan mostly actually mostly staying home since March. So uh well we had shelter in place because I lived near Dallas, so we had a shelter in place for a while and then I pretty much just kind of tried to shelter in place for the most part. I mean just just essentials go out for grocery shopping and back, try to shop for like two weeks at a time, so you only go out like twice a month.
Um
I'm trying to think, I don't think I don't have any Children so I'm trying to remember um I don't think they opened any back up,
I think they were all till the end of the year. Um and I think they're talking about this new
year giving them options to do like um long distance learning or you know, over like online classes, but I'm not certain about that, but I know that they started rick closing some stuff now because they had opened up some bars. Yeah, and they're re closing bars and stuff. Um Well, I, I really, I really thought it was open too early to begin with, but you know.
Yeah, it's just just like uh was it? We just we just settle down and like everybody just tries to stay home and not worry about going out to the bar, going out here just to have fun, you know, like you can entertain yourself in your house for a little bit, like they're streaming services, lots of stuff that it would be over this.
Yeah, luckily ah my my dad and my step mom live in like upper pennsylvania, really rural pennsylvania, so they didn't have a lot of cases but um as far as I can see, pennsylvania is doing pretty good like because they shut down for quite a while, they had a lot of stuff, I was like wishing texas. What? Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah, 2020 has been a rough, rough
ride.
Um I actually ah my future husband, I met him, we actually met online and we're friends, we're quite a while and then we decided to try the whole the eating thing and I moved down about almost two years ago, so now we were gonna get married like in april, but we decided to uh wait we're gonna just wait wait
luckily no we're not about the big elaborate thing. So it wasn't yeah it wasn't bad but I was just like mm Uh huh. So
yeah,
rescheduled your date.
Actually only a few months um um
I want to say april yeah
I think it was around
april.
yeah,
have
you ever done this uh chat thing before?
I
did it
once a few weeks ago. Yeah because they did it and it said repeats welcome like sure because I wasn't sure the first time I did it so I was like because
I didn't know how it's
gonna
be but
I
I think it was because it did it seemed like it was I had to kind of look back and remember it was but the I actually like prolific a lot. They give you decent stuff.
Yeah and then you're like really? Um
I think
mm I was gonna say I think they're more interesting on prolific to like the surveys you do and then you actually get to see a lot of times they'll tell you what they were
actually testing for whatever and I think that's interesting than just.
have seen that, I have seen that a few times.
Yeah. Instead of companies. That's what yeah, that's another thing that I like about it and actually it's actually A decent compensation for your time to instead
of wanting
you to fill out a 40 minute
thing
for
like four cents. No, you're gonna they're going to give you something for your time which is neat.
I I started with that.
Yeah, tricks. It's not bad once you get it rolling I think I made $300 off of it. Um But
at the beginning it was kind of rough and I'm like uh I was thinking about just like now this is um but I have kind of an off schedule because I'm used to working like third shift, so I'm on at night a lot and honestly that's where some of the some of the good stuff pops up.
Like
you have, if you hit like uh sort by new and you like like you know, posted or whatever. I think it's sort by new or you do it by how recently it was posted. If you look down you'll see some for like a dollar, like 40 cents. But um once you it's kind of slow but like once you hit like I found a bunch of penny ones that took a second And once you hit like 1000,
that's
when it's a lot easier, I
noticed
and
I
And
there's another thing too that I read it because I was looking for tips because I'm like, man, people are saying this is so good, but it's just for me um if
you go in and don't sort it by what you can do
and start going in because sometimes they have qualified for this and you can take like a little test and then then they'll, you know, you can qualify for some of these other people's hits that you didn't before,
so
It's usually from what I can tell, I don't know for sure, but it's usually for that poster I'll go through and see, I'll be like, oh, that looks like something I can do, I'll be like, you know, request qualifications or like as long as it's not as long as it's not like a you need so many posts. Like I've noticed that a bunch of people have been like sure why
not? You look like you want to do it here, you can do it. But um so that helped me, but it still is kind of slow sometimes. It's like kind of the luck of the day that you look at it.
Okay. I was gonna say that would be nice. Um Oh
I also have and it's I can't remember the name of it, it's an extension um for turk because it'll it'll um so if people have reject it, like if there uh a I don't know what to come. A requester that rejects a lot of them, it'll show like the present of like so I won't click on ones that have like a lot of rejections and they have blocks on them. So
that's another thing. So I guess I'm a little picky because I don't want to get rejected and have my percentage go down. I did get one and that made me so mad when I got it. I was like no.
Yeah, I was
gonna
say I've never got rejected
for anything.
If
I mean, plus I think the way you look at things politically can change significantly. Like, I mean, some people never change their whole life. They have a certain set. But like if you're like educating yourself and looking things, it can it can change. Sometimes you can, you know, like you're not always have to be in a solid spot. Like maybe you were I'm just gonna pick a random thing if
you're a conservative, like super conservative. But then, you know, over the last few months you realize, oh well I'm not really against this and I'm not, and then, you know, you change a little bit, you know, everybody can, I'm not saying anybody has to, but I'm just saying it's not something that's so set in stone,
like,
that's
what I hate
about
those political stuff because it's
not
always
and I don't, I think it's nice that there's other parties, but I don't know of many people that identify as independent or anything like that. They
usually, usually it's one or the other, you don't really see a lot of people picking the other ones.
Yeah.
Yes. Some of the surveys do good though. They'll be like, you consider yourself conservative Republican or democrat in like fiscal things in social things and I like that because I'm like, okay, so that, that makes it, you know, it
can show
your
values a little bit better.
Well, right now I'm not, um, I was working at amazon at the warehouse and uh, in Dallas and I decided I was, the way they have it is, I was trying to, I was in a different shift and I was trying to switch to overnight. So they have, you actually like quit and then reapply so, and then, and this is when all this stuff started happening, like just wait, I'll just wait for a little bit. So I've been trying to do some stuff online for a little bit and um, it's playing on trying to go back to something else like to work because I worked in health care before I moved down here and then I decided I wanted to try some different things. So I've been trying a couple of different jobs. But um, I was just playing to go back when this second wave started. So I was like mm I was like well maybe I'll just use my savings for a little bit longer.
Well when you first get high or when you get hired um you're everybody's hired as seasonal seasonal workers. You're not a fool, you work full time but you're not a permanent employee until at some point it could be
six months, it could be two years um until you can actually until you can become a permanent worker. That's how they set it up for everybody like and then what they'll do is they'll have certain times if you're like oh you know you can apply
to become a full time worker like and it could be like I said that that application could come up four months from now to two years from now. It depends on their needs and what they want if they want more permanent workers. But I mean you pretty much, oh you pretty much are a permanent worker. I mean unless you do something to get fired, they're not gonna just like
go away unless there was like a huge lowering of demand which I don't see that much with amazon
if anything increased demand. But so I think it's just kind of to get out of having to like give certain benefits to be honest.
But um.
But
yeah, I mean like I get that you know you want to save money but you do
get some as you do get some benefits as a as a seasonal worker though, so it's not like you're without anything.
But yeah, that's why
they have you quit and come back.
the fulfillment centers, they do um they shipped to other amazon ah like centers, like
the fulfillment ones is basically were like loading trucks. Um We're taking stuff from other fulfillment centers and sending them and like putting them in pallets and taking them to different place to go to different amazon facilities. I'm trying to think of what the, but the other facilities are called where they have pickers and stuff. But yeah, we don't have that. No, it's mostly like you sort out
stuff, it depends on what department you were in. I was in outbound, so I was like loading trucks, um sorting the boxes into destinations like palette destinations and moving the pallets and stuff like that. And uh that's what I did.
I
think so because inbound like there's some where it's just like, it's just uh Large packages that are marked. But then I also see in that section which I've never worked in that section, so I'm not 100%
I see where they're opening the boxes and putting them into different totes. So I'm guessing
that's
what they're doing. Yeah,
but I'm not 100% sure on that, but I'm guessing. But
it's
all
to other
like
yeah, like they'll send it there. And yeah, and there are some I could yeah, it's like some of the sellers would put like the independent sellers on amazon, not like the amazon products themselves. Like we have those too. But then you'd see other stuff from like, like actual, you know, different sellers, like stuff from like china and stuff like other stuff come in and yeah,
sending it to other the film centers, which is kind of nice because you're not I've never was the first time I ever worked in a warehouse. So it was like a completely new experience for me so um But um yeah it was nice.
I've heard that picking is very awful, like I heard it's not a fun job, so I'm glad that that facility doesn't have that. But um
I have heard that because there are other people that have worked with, they had worked in other facilities that and they were pickers and stuff and they said it's bad, like it's really bad. Yeah the
fulfilled fulfillment center is not as bad because it's not, I mean it also depends on what facility you're in. I guess some are more, I don't know, less caring I guess it depends on who you're working under. I mean I have to say there was a massive amounts of, there's a lot of workers, like a massive amount of workers so you are, you are kind of just a number. Um But the people I did work under like that, like the supervisor had, they were always very nice like I mean I never had a problem with them, they seem to
and I don't know about all the departments, I've heard some not but like where I was the people I didn't have any problem with them, they were nice, they seem to worry about if somebody was okay or not, so
I know, I'm
just like oh I see it, yes, it's me, I do like that. Um It mm I just lost my train of thought, don't mind me, it's
been one of those days, yeah,
I think it's neat to that they have the whole pantry who I don't it's not everywhere but but that's kind of neat to and as far as I know it's not here, I would have to check. But
I
just
always,
I was just,
I just like the idea of it, it's pretty neat. Yeah,
I was, I was to Delaware once when I was little, but I don't remember it. Yeah,
I was like, I was told I was there, I was like, I don't remember um it was a family member that I guess that lived there. It was when we were, we have family in Virginia beach area. My sister and my mom actually lived in that area um now and uh, remember we stopped there on the way to Virginia Beach, that's all I remember, I don't remember anything else about it.
the
chickens. Uh huh
I did not
know all that at all.
Well
that
works.
yeah, I did, I did not know, did not know that.
Uh huh, but now I do. So
well, I don't know, but I like texas. It's not bad, but I did not realize how ah proud Texans were until I moved down here. Um I mean I kind of heard of it, but like it surprised me like literally you can buy anything in the shape of texas down here, like anything. Like I was just like, what? I was just like, okay, it's like, you name it, it will be a texas shape
and or
or at least we'll have like one with a texas, like a the state of texas on it somewhere. But like cookie cutters, little texas, shapes. Like you got these cheese platters made
like shaped like texas. There's like texas stakes in the shape of texas. Like I was like okay.
Yeah, but it's not bad.
I know it's it's nice down here. I think the heat is what I have to get used to in the summer. Yeah, because I'm I mean pennsylvania doesn't get that hot. It was like 100
and something last year, like.
Oh yeah. And I'm actually, well I shouldn't say I lived in ways support for like about 10 years before I moved down here. I grew up in like troy. I don't know if you know where that is? It's in Bradford County. It's like uh it's like really small uh Mansfield University, maybe
that was like a county over from where I was like upstate. It's like um it's literally like the county I lived in was It was like a 20 minute drive to maybe 15, 20 minute drive to the New York border. Like the yeah, it was like touching new york. But
like yeah, down like a uh huh like I don't know Elmira corning
is about
an hour away from where I grew up like uh there was a little bit closer but corning was probably maybe an hour.
It's very
yeah that's um yeah troy
uh pennsylvania is like well there's troy new york to, I forgot about that but troy pennsylvania is like really tiny. Like really
rural, very rural.
But there was a joke that um I know when I was in high school we were doing like this here thing
for um robotics team and uh we were joking. Well it's true, it's a true fact at the time this is like Early early 2000s when I was in high school. But um uh
there's more deer than people in that county. It's true, it was true at the time, I don't know now but like at the time the late 90s, early 2000s, it was more deer than people.
Yeah, but I lived
in, yeah, I lived with support for like 10 years. I lived in a Wilkes barre for a little bit, but I didn't really like it, didn't like it, I'm a fan. Mhm.
And it's so busy and the thing is is it's not a huge city
like William sports, not huge. And then to have all that traffic I was working, that was when I was working in healthcare and where I where I worked with
in Montoursville and I would have to go right through town and I remember uh it sucked because it was like when when a little league was in town and I was like, I got like, I don't know if I'm gonna have to leave for work like hourly because it gets like so congested.
like
a wasn't it like a week or longer? I can't even
remember.
Let
me check. I think it's I have hope
8 35 or 7 34. Yes so it's eight 34 Year away. Yeah I think it's
I was
thank you and stay safe and all that
there.
exactly. All
right
you
care