SPEAKER_L: how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: going very well. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing well as well as well. What? Yeah. So where you
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: at,
SPEAKER_R: so what?
SPEAKER_L: where you at? Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry my my thing is way too quiet.
SPEAKER_L: No problem.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, one more time.
SPEAKER_L: Where you living?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I live in north Carolina. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: pennsylvania. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Oh my old manager, He's from pennsylvania and then he and then, so I used to be in theater management. Um
SPEAKER_L: That was actually a movie theater manager. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: What company?
SPEAKER_L: A very small company RC theaters.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I was I was with regal.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Oh yeah I know regal but it's so sad now the movie theater industry is going to
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, there's there's like no way it's going to come back
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: for a long time if
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: ever.
SPEAKER_L: ever I mean there might be a market for like showing classical films with like you know the artsy type people. Um like I lived in the Czech Republic last year last year and there was a theater in our community that just showed really artsy films that I had like a bar inside of it and like people drank at the bar and then they would watch like classic Czech films in a little auditorium.
SPEAKER_R: Group mhm I yeah, I could see stuff like that. I think, I think for the most part, I feel like most apt comparison would be arcades. Yeah, I'm people were like, our kids will always be here because while you can play games at home it's not, there's the experience and they're not as good. And then as at home video games got better and better people lost interest in the arcades and that exact same thing is happening with movies.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. And I think it also goes because the movie is just weren't for me, they just weren't good. They're all the comic book movies
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: and just
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: repeats of all this. It wasn't it wasn't the same. I feel like they lost touch, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I, so I enjoyed all the marvel movies. Um, but after Endgame there was like a big feeling of like I might just be done now. This story is over. AM I willing to come see a movie two times a year for another 10 years until whatever the next big thing is? Um, so I, and then I specifically subscribed to Disney Plus because of the marvel stuff and now Disney Plus has been around for like a year and haven't released any of the slate of tv shows for marvel. They said they were going to do and they keep announcing new ones and immediately this is too much to follow. Like if I have to not only
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: go to a movie a couple times a year like that, that was manageable if I keep up with 10 different five episode TV shows a year
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and high end comics and all this other stuff. Like is this story worth it to me? Is it worth that much of an investment?
SPEAKER_L: Right. And in my opinion it had played out. I the last superhero movie I watched was Captain America Civil War. And then after I saw that movie and I'm going to stick with it the rest of my life. So I said I'm never going to watch another comic book movie again. This has run its course with me and I don't like it anymore and I'm done so ever since then I just I said no more comic books. I've done forever. Hit on. I'm just gonna stick with my word.
SPEAKER_R: that's I know they'll they'll do something that will bring me back. Thanks. I like the The animated Spiderman one.
SPEAKER_L: I heard that was good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That was that was the most I've enjoyed a comic book
SPEAKER_L: Hope
SPEAKER_R: movie in probably five years and I think a big
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: part of that is that Yes. I feel like they went in with like a character, a character story that they wanted to tell and then maybe they were like we can put miles Morales Spider man as this character and also it wasn't like it wasn't connected to anything else you know so like I didn't feel like to go see the movie and then go home and watch a bunch of Youtube videos about little easter eggs. I missed because This character that was in three frames of ant man appeared something like that. Um The other thing that does thoroughly disappointing is that complaint I hear a lot is that movies, they're all the comic book ones are all the remake. But then every once in a while there is like a really good just original movie that comes out and it's very enjoyable and no one goes in season.
SPEAKER_L: So what was what would be an example be for you?
SPEAKER_R: I like to book smart. That was really funny. I feel like that was it was have you heard about it at all?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: So it I feel like it's kind of a modernized 80s teen movie. Um And it was just, it was really good. And like I told all my friends like hey you should go see this movie. And they're like, yeah it looks good. But I, I just don't know if I, if I have time to go to the theater and then obviously they're, they're Wind Star Wars and they're there when marvel movies and all that stuff comes out and then they go and complain that original movies don't get made. And I feel like like you're the problem, You need like look at this, you're the problem.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. Like they're like there are but you have to seek them out.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes. I feel like I probably by working in a theater and seeing because I didn't like, you know, I, I tried to be aware of every movie. I have people not be able to come up and be like, hey, what's this about? And we just have absolutely no clue because I feel like that's not only a bad look for a theater employee, but a theater manager I should, I should know. So I was, I tried to be, you know, I tried to know everything that was coming out and since I was in a very small theater um a lot of the times we were pretty dead, so it wasn't a big deal if I wanted to like, you know, go in and watch 10 minutes of whatever movie so I can get a good grasp of what the movies like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I did that with Mad Max Fury Road. But I did it about 200 times. That was that was like my favorite movie, I just loved it.
SPEAKER_R: that was like That movie came out like right before I started
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: working, I started working at the theatre in 2017.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So I started working at the theatre I worked at in um 2000 Holy Shit 2000 10 and then I left for so I left to work at Kraft Heinz. But I would work one day one day a week at the theater and then I left for good To go to the peace to join the Peace Corps as in Peace Corps for two years. And then I came back last summer to work at the theater during the summer and then I went to the Czech Republic to work and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So you have feeders. The only job I've I've ever had, I started in 2017 when I was 17 and um I kind of I don't know what it was, but my general manager at the time kind of immediately I guess latched onto me. Um So he was kind of immediately like yeah, I want you to stay here, I want you to become a manager and climbed the ladder. So for a long time I was like, I guess this is just what I'm going to do because you know, regal cinemas for awhile, paid general manager pretty well. GM was making 80,000 a year.
SPEAKER_L: That's very good for
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. For like something that you don't need like a college education or anything and is, you know, a pretty easy job.
SPEAKER_L: it's easy and it's fun and you get to meet people like I, the theater that I worked at is like it's just a special place in my, in my heart, you know, like seeing theaters just desolate and close. It's just it's
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: not it's not good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I went um I went to my old my old peter a couple. You know I'm works during quarantine, feels like it just happened. Um And it's so with regal you're never supposed to turn off all the lights in the building even when everyone's gone, you leave the main light I guess
SPEAKER_L: Come
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: make your heat are always look lively. Um But Since you know we're closed they're not going to reopen that building specifically, I don't think they're gonna reopen, but they've specifically said with that one I was gone, it's so we're just seeing all the projectors, you don't, you go upstairs and you don't hear the like projectors, you don't hear like the popcorn machine or anything, it was almost unsettling I'd say. Right
SPEAKER_L: And actually we're with my,
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: ball.
SPEAKER_L: friend and I think it was a week ago and we're driving to this just mall to get food because like we're just like, we just got to get food and it's just like, you know how there used to be and you might be too young actually there used to be movie theaters and malls a lot. And so this movie theater was just boarded up. Not really boarded
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: up, but like cemented off and like all the windows and like the empty poster cases and stuff and I was just like that's just sad like it's like this weird sad capitalism that was lost. It's it's just like it gives you this weird feeling like there was once
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: people enjoying life and now it's just like this weird mall empty movie. It's just it's weird and I like it, you know, even though it's free, it freaks me out. I just enjoy the aesthetic of it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: like going like it almost feels like something kind of like the Walking Dead or something going to like shopping centers and seeing all the all the buildings, it's like no one's been here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And like, I don't know how old that theatre was and when it closed in 2005 for all. I know, you know, but it's just, you know, weird feeling. I I like it but it's also, you know, unsettling at the same time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like, so I like that at theaters, there was something about it that like I never had like a really strict manager or I never had like probably in the entire three years I worked there, there were a handful of bad customer experiences. I think a big part of the customer thing is like the reason there's, I'd say more angry customers that like, let's say a grocery store is like, that's something that kind of like they have to do. No one is like, oh, I'm at the grocery store, this is so fun.
SPEAKER_L: This is awesome.
SPEAKER_R: But it's different out of here. So everyone comes in in a good mood and that helps because like I, there was never a bad day almost.
SPEAKER_L: No, that was the thing. I worked at the theater for 10 years maybe. What was a 10 year? About about no, I'm in and around like, so I started in 2010, but I worked for like off and on for 10 years, and just, there was just a great and I met so many, so many interesting people that worked there and so many culture of people that, you know, we're just trying to eat through life and then People trying to get their footing back, like former drugs, like it was just a weird aesthetic, like people that were addicted to drugs and I was like, I need to get my life back on track, so they're like 28 years old working at a movie
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: theater. Mhm. I could just meet all these eclectic characters and there was
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I had like, so in probably about exactly a year ago now, um I transferred, they transferred them to the small theatre. I started at one of the biggest ones in north Carolina that they have. Um and I got transferred to the small one because it was a higher level manager job. So I took it um, and there it was, it's just 1/4 screen theater, really small town. Everyone knew each other except two towns over. So I'm like the outsider and there was a lot of interesting people. I worked with someone who was a director mm had movies that have come out and played in theaters and done well and that insane. I had one of speaking of marvel, I had a, at my, at the bigger theatre. I had, I worked with a guy who um was a marvel comics artist. He worked at the theater on weekend. Um, I had, there's just so many people, there was one guy who was like a reporter for some sports thing, I'm not at all into sports, but he like does interviews with sports people and there was something about movie theaters. I feel like people look at the movie theater people and they're like that would be a fun thing on the side of my Yeah, because that's what you did. Um No one looks at like Walmart and it's like
SPEAKER_L: that's what I want to do for two days out of my week, you know? And right now I work in Pittsburgh at a gym and that's kind of like, it has a similar feeling to the movie theater, you need to meet all these people, it's like it's less work, but you're still meeting, it's like, it feels kind of like a theater in a, in a little tiny tiny way, but not even like not close, but like there's this little feeling inside me, it's like this kind of feels like me working at the theater again. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I I feel like definitely managing a movie theater has given it's changed every perception I would have about what you have to be like if you are the manager of any kind of establishment because I feel like a part of every all the managers being nice and friendly with the staff kind of led to we're all kind of on the same team so like when something with when someone got hurt but not like seriously obviously, but if someone
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: hit
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: their on the Poppers popcorn machine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Or, and, and it's like it's like my fault somehow. They'd be like, don't, don't even worry about it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like too, I could write a book about my experience at the movie theater. Like the ending would be very sad, like it would be one of those books that just ends on a piss poor sad note because of what the state of the world today, in the state of theaters, it would be one of those books that really depresses you. But you also feel good like most of the book, you feel good about this person that's coming of age working in a movie theater, just meeting a bunch of, because I went to catholic school my whole life and this theater was not in a bad part of town by any means, but my community in general, my hometown. It's just a sad, it was an old coal region. You know, people working in the coal mines and now it's just, you know, nothing really happening there. But still still enough people there still like 15,000 people. So it's still, but at the same time you have your former, you know, you're covering addicts and you're people were in a movie theater and it's just you know,
SPEAKER_R: I mean you could like, you could just lie at the end and you could feel like, and I left the theater october 2019, I left on my own free will, I'm doing this now. Don't mention that theater is shut down.
SPEAKER_L: is sit down and fun is cancelled forever. Not forever for now.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it seems like it might just be forever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean that's the worst part about this whole situation is when you on a grand scale, when you look really truly at the big picture and not to be like, not to be pessimistic or anything, but to be you know, a realist when you look there are still seven billion 800 million people left on this planet after coronavirus. There's not that many have died from it and we have completely taken away what it means to be a human being.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I like part of me wonders like if if we could have just gotten everyone fully on board at the start, Everyone just stay home for two weeks. Everyone somehow got like around the world, I think we'd we'd be done by now and there wouldn't be the million deaths. But because because it because it's been politicized and everything, we're still here almost a year later. Um You know, I lost the job that you know, sometimes I thought I in general, I'm now I'm in college, I wanna, I'm going into product design, I want to be a toy design. Um But there were a lot of times that I was like, maybe I'll just work here, maybe I'll maybe I'll just do this and I intended to stay working at the movies on weekends. But
SPEAKER_L: here we are. You know,
SPEAKER_R: Eric dolphin.
SPEAKER_L: fun is done. You can't you can't have it because
SPEAKER_R: Remember.
SPEAKER_L: humans felt that they were invincible. Like I'm really not a fan of the situation. I don't think it's good for people's well being.
SPEAKER_R: True
SPEAKER_L: I don't think it's good.
SPEAKER_R: money.
SPEAKER_L: There was a point. Yes, you could have stopped at whatever. Maybe there was a time, right? But now you can't so you might as well enjoy the ride because we're all doomed at the end. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. I just, I don't see how this became a political issue, but I think that I think really when you politicize anything, it makes it so much harder. Like if somehow there was just a world without politics, I feel like we'd be so much, so much better off just with everything.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Because I mean I've been tutoring people online now for this program because I was an english teacher for three years and I just happened to get a job and I was an online tutor. I mean people all across the world, people from china japan period Turkey, you know, and we all I talked to them like we all have the same basic needs and what we like and it's just
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: the politics is what's holding us back from really achieving what we, you know, could do a species
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: which
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: is which is basically easy is that you share the resources with each other in an equitable way and we just can't figure out how to do that.
SPEAKER_R: I think so. I think if we, if it's like every country at just everyone would just find a way to help each other, just do things to help each other, we'd be so much better off. But the problem with that is that it doesn't matter to the like if if people get hung up on, like I feel like this deal is helping them more than it's helping me. And I feel like in general, if you like if America looked at it and was like, okay, this third world country would be so much better off with our health and it I wouldn't even affect us that much to help them, but we don't get much out of it other than the idea of helping people. Okay, I guess people in charge don't care about the idea of people.
SPEAKER_L: Right. They don't and they also don't think about the big picture. People will say like America
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: lost its manufacturing jobs or something like that. But they don't think about how many people are better off now today because of that. As a human race. The human race is better off because of globalization. Stop thinking about, you know, your american way of life, whatever that is, whatever that means to you. And think about the human race for 1/2 in your life, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like Maybe it's on my right now, I'm taking American history one in college and like very early on after the war, after the revolution, America figured it out that oh we need to be more unified, we need to be able to just help each other more than we can. That's why we got the constitution. And I don't know how 250 years later, people haven't been like, okay, let's do that as a world now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: don't obviously, I don't think there should be like one ruler of the entire planet, but just try and help each other out, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Form the one World organization. It's just like all right, we probably have enough disgusting food for everybody to eat. So let's share it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. But yeah, everyone's always like I just I feel like they're getting more out of this deal than I am. And it's
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: am I getting
SPEAKER_R: what it
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: of it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's always what what can I get more out of this and that kind
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: of ruined. Yeah. All right. And
SPEAKER_L: Did we make it?
SPEAKER_R: it looks like it.
SPEAKER_L: I'll wait until 426 though. Just in case.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Well, it was very cool talking to you. It's nice to meet someone else who who was in theaters.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And that's very sad that they're closed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Very sad that you know, and Like 50 years when I'm an old man, I'll be like Oh I've worked at a movie theater and kids will be like what's a movie
SPEAKER_L: Hell
SPEAKER_R: theater?
SPEAKER_L: is that people actually used to leave their houses and you know, interact with each other.
SPEAKER_R: What what? All right.