how's it going?
I'm doing well as well as well. What? Yeah. So where you
at,
where you at? Mhm. Yeah.
No problem.
Where you living?
pennsylvania. Oh
That was actually a movie theater manager. Mhm.
A very small company RC theaters.
Okay. Oh yeah I know regal but it's so sad now the movie theater industry is going to
no
if
ever I mean there might be a market for like showing classical films with like you know the artsy type people. Um like I lived in the Czech Republic last year last year and there was a theater in our community that just showed really artsy films that I had like a bar inside of it and like people drank at the bar and then they would watch like classic Czech films in a little auditorium.
Mhm. And I think it also goes because the movie is just weren't for me, they just weren't good. They're all the comic book movies
and just
repeats of all this. It wasn't it wasn't the same. I feel like they lost touch, you know?
No.
No.
Right. And in my opinion it had played out. I the last superhero movie I watched was Captain America Civil War. And then after I saw that movie and I'm going to stick with it the rest of my life. So I said I'm never going to watch another comic book movie again. This has run its course with me and I don't like it anymore and I'm done so ever since then I just I said no more comic books. I've done forever. Hit on. I'm just gonna stick with my word.
I heard that was good. Yeah.
Hope
I'm
So what was what would be an example be for you?
No.
Right. Yeah. Like they're like there are but you have to seek them out.
Yeah. I did that with Mad Max Fury Road. But I did it about 200 times. That was that was like my favorite movie, I just loved it.
No.
Okay. So I started working at the theatre I worked at in um 2000 Holy Shit 2000 10 and then I left for so I left to work at Kraft Heinz. But I would work one day one day a week at the theater and then I left for good To go to the peace to join the Peace Corps as in Peace Corps for two years. And then I came back last summer to work at the theater during the summer and then I went to the Czech Republic to work and Yeah.
That's very good for
it's easy and it's fun and you get to meet people like I, the theater that I worked at is like it's just a special place in my, in my heart, you know, like seeing theaters just desolate and close. It's just it's
not it's not good.
Come
on.
And actually we're with my,
with
my
friend and I think it was a week ago and we're driving to this just mall to get food because like we're just like, we just got to get food and it's just like, you know how there used to be and you might be too young actually there used to be movie theaters and malls a lot. And so this movie theater was just boarded up. Not really boarded
up, but like cemented off and like all the windows and like the empty poster cases and stuff and I was just like that's just sad like it's like this weird sad capitalism that was lost. It's it's just like it gives you this weird feeling like there was once
people enjoying life and now it's just like this weird mall empty movie. It's just it's weird and I like it, you know, even though it's free, it freaks me out. I just enjoy the aesthetic of it, you know?
Yeah. And like, I don't know how old that theatre was and when it closed in 2005 for all. I know, you know, but it's just, you know, weird feeling. I I like it but it's also, you know, unsettling at the same time.
This is awesome.
No, that was the thing. I worked at the theater for 10 years maybe. What was a 10 year? About about no, I'm in and around like, so I started in 2010, but I worked for like off and on for 10 years, and just, there was just a great and I met so many, so many interesting people that worked there and so many culture of people that, you know, we're just trying to eat through life and then People trying to get their footing back, like former drugs, like it was just a weird aesthetic, like people that were addicted to drugs and I was like, I need to get my life back on track, so they're like 28 years old working at a movie
theater. Mhm. I could just meet all these eclectic characters and there was
that's what I want to do for two days out of my week, you know? And right now I work in Pittsburgh at a gym and that's kind of like, it has a similar feeling to the movie theater, you need to meet all these people, it's like it's less work, but you're still meeting, it's like, it feels kind of like a theater in a, in a little tiny tiny way, but not even like not close, but like there's this little feeling inside me, it's like this kind of feels like me working at the theater again. Yeah. Right.
they
hit
their on the Poppers popcorn machine.
I feel like too, I could write a book about my experience at the movie theater. Like the ending would be very sad, like it would be one of those books that just ends on a piss poor sad note because of what the state of the world today, in the state of theaters, it would be one of those books that really depresses you. But you also feel good like most of the book, you feel good about this person that's coming of age working in a movie theater, just meeting a bunch of, because I went to catholic school my whole life and this theater was not in a bad part of town by any means, but my community in general, my hometown. It's just a sad, it was an old coal region. You know, people working in the coal mines and now it's just, you know, nothing really happening there. But still still enough people there still like 15,000 people. So it's still, but at the same time you have your former, you know, you're covering addicts and you're people were in a movie theater and it's just you know,
is sit down and fun is cancelled forever. Not forever for now.
Yeah, I mean that's the worst part about this whole situation is when you on a grand scale, when you look really truly at the big picture and not to be like, not to be pessimistic or anything, but to be you know, a realist when you look there are still seven billion 800 million people left on this planet after coronavirus. There's not that many have died from it and we have completely taken away what it means to be a human being.
here we are. You know,
fun is done. You can't you can't have it because
humans felt that they were invincible. Like I'm really not a fan of the situation. I don't think it's good for people's well being.
I don't think it's good.
There was a point. Yes, you could have stopped at whatever. Maybe there was a time, right? But now you can't so you might as well enjoy the ride because we're all doomed at the end. Okay.
Oh yeah. Because I mean I've been tutoring people online now for this program because I was an english teacher for three years and I just happened to get a job and I was an online tutor. I mean people all across the world, people from china japan period Turkey, you know, and we all I talked to them like we all have the same basic needs and what we like and it's just
the politics is what's holding us back from really achieving what we, you know, could do a species
which
is which is basically easy is that you share the resources with each other in an equitable way and we just can't figure out how to do that.
Right. They don't and they also don't think about the big picture. People will say like America
lost its manufacturing jobs or something like that. But they don't think about how many people are better off now today because of that. As a human race. The human race is better off because of globalization. Stop thinking about, you know, your american way of life, whatever that is, whatever that means to you. And think about the human race for 1/2 in your life, you know?
Yeah. It's
funny.
Yeah. Form the one World organization. It's just like all right, we probably have enough disgusting food for everybody to eat. So let's share it.
What
am I getting
out
of it?
No.
Did we make it?
I'll wait until 426 though. Just in case.
Yeah. And that's very sad that they're closed.
Hell
is that people actually used to leave their houses and you know, interact with each other.