going very well. How about you?
The
so what?
I'm sorry my my thing is way too quiet.
Okay, one more time.
Oh, I live in north Carolina. What about you?
Oh my old manager, He's from pennsylvania and then he and then, so I used to be in theater management. Um
What company?
Okay. I was I was with regal.
Oh yeah, there's there's like no way it's going to come back
for a long time if
ever.
Group mhm I yeah, I could see stuff like that. I think, I think for the most part, I feel like most apt comparison would be arcades. Yeah, I'm people were like, our kids will always be here because while you can play games at home it's not, there's the experience and they're not as good. And then as at home video games got better and better people lost interest in the arcades and that exact same thing is happening with movies.
Come
on.
I, so I enjoyed all the marvel movies. Um, but after Endgame there was like a big feeling of like I might just be done now. This story is over. AM I willing to come see a movie two times a year for another 10 years until whatever the next big thing is? Um, so I, and then I specifically subscribed to Disney Plus because of the marvel stuff and now Disney Plus has been around for like a year and haven't released any of the slate of tv shows for marvel. They said they were going to do and they keep announcing new ones and immediately this is too much to follow. Like if I have to not only
go to a movie a couple times a year like that, that was manageable if I keep up with 10 different five episode TV shows a year
and high end comics and all this other stuff. Like is this story worth it to me? Is it worth that much of an investment?
that's I know they'll they'll do something that will bring me back. Thanks. I like the The animated Spiderman one.
That was that was the most I've enjoyed a comic book
movie in probably five years and I think a big
part of that is that Yes. I feel like they went in with like a character, a character story that they wanted to tell and then maybe they were like we can put miles Morales Spider man as this character and also it wasn't like it wasn't connected to anything else you know so like I didn't feel like to go see the movie and then go home and watch a bunch of Youtube videos about little easter eggs. I missed because This character that was in three frames of ant man appeared something like that. Um The other thing that does thoroughly disappointing is that complaint I hear a lot is that movies, they're all the comic book ones are all the remake. But then every once in a while there is like a really good just original movie that comes out and it's very enjoyable and no one goes in season.
I like to book smart. That was really funny. I feel like that was it was have you heard about it at all?
So it I feel like it's kind of a modernized 80s teen movie. Um And it was just, it was really good. And like I told all my friends like hey you should go see this movie. And they're like, yeah it looks good. But I, I just don't know if I, if I have time to go to the theater and then obviously they're, they're Wind Star Wars and they're there when marvel movies and all that stuff comes out and then they go and complain that original movies don't get made. And I feel like like you're the problem, You need like look at this, you're the problem.
Yes. Yes. I feel like I probably by working in a theater and seeing because I didn't like, you know, I, I tried to be aware of every movie. I have people not be able to come up and be like, hey, what's this about? And we just have absolutely no clue because I feel like that's not only a bad look for a theater employee, but a theater manager I should, I should know. So I was, I tried to be, you know, I tried to know everything that was coming out and since I was in a very small theater um a lot of the times we were pretty dead, so it wasn't a big deal if I wanted to like, you know, go in and watch 10 minutes of whatever movie so I can get a good grasp of what the movies like.
that was like That movie came out like right before I started
working, I started working at the theatre in 2017.
So you have feeders. The only job I've I've ever had, I started in 2017 when I was 17 and um I kind of I don't know what it was, but my general manager at the time kind of immediately I guess latched onto me. Um So he was kind of immediately like yeah, I want you to stay here, I want you to become a manager and climbed the ladder. So for a long time I was like, I guess this is just what I'm going to do because you know, regal cinemas for awhile, paid general manager pretty well. GM was making 80,000 a year.
Yeah. For like something that you don't need like a college education or anything and is, you know, a pretty easy job.
Hi.
Yeah, I went um I went to my old my old peter a couple. You know I'm works during quarantine, feels like it just happened. Um And it's so with regal you're never supposed to turn off all the lights in the building even when everyone's gone, you leave the main light I guess
to
make your heat are always look lively. Um But Since you know we're closed they're not going to reopen that building specifically, I don't think they're gonna reopen, but they've specifically said with that one I was gone, it's so we're just seeing all the projectors, you don't, you go upstairs and you don't hear the like projectors, you don't hear like the popcorn machine or anything, it was almost unsettling I'd say. Right
with
the
ball.
No.
No,
like going like it almost feels like something kind of like the Walking Dead or something going to like shopping centers and seeing all the all the buildings, it's like no one's been here.
Yeah, I like, so I like that at theaters, there was something about it that like I never had like a really strict manager or I never had like probably in the entire three years I worked there, there were a handful of bad customer experiences. I think a big part of the customer thing is like the reason there's, I'd say more angry customers that like, let's say a grocery store is like, that's something that kind of like they have to do. No one is like, oh, I'm at the grocery store, this is so fun.
But it's different out of here. So everyone comes in in a good mood and that helps because like I, there was never a bad day almost.
hmm.
Okay. I had like, so in probably about exactly a year ago now, um I transferred, they transferred them to the small theatre. I started at one of the biggest ones in north Carolina that they have. Um and I got transferred to the small one because it was a higher level manager job. So I took it um, and there it was, it's just 1/4 screen theater, really small town. Everyone knew each other except two towns over. So I'm like the outsider and there was a lot of interesting people. I worked with someone who was a director mm had movies that have come out and played in theaters and done well and that insane. I had one of speaking of marvel, I had a, at my, at the bigger theatre. I had, I worked with a guy who um was a marvel comics artist. He worked at the theater on weekend. Um, I had, there's just so many people, there was one guy who was like a reporter for some sports thing, I'm not at all into sports, but he like does interviews with sports people and there was something about movie theaters. I feel like people look at the movie theater people and they're like that would be a fun thing on the side of my Yeah, because that's what you did. Um No one looks at like Walmart and it's like
I I feel like definitely managing a movie theater has given it's changed every perception I would have about what you have to be like if you are the manager of any kind of establishment because I feel like a part of every all the managers being nice and friendly with the staff kind of led to we're all kind of on the same team so like when something with when someone got hurt but not like seriously obviously, but if someone
like
that,
Yeah. Or, and, and it's like it's like my fault somehow. They'd be like, don't, don't even worry about it. Yeah.
I mean you could like, you could just lie at the end and you could feel like, and I left the theater october 2019, I left on my own free will, I'm doing this now. Don't mention that theater is shut down.
I mean it seems like it might just be forever.
Yeah. I like part of me wonders like if if we could have just gotten everyone fully on board at the start, Everyone just stay home for two weeks. Everyone somehow got like around the world, I think we'd we'd be done by now and there wouldn't be the million deaths. But because because it because it's been politicized and everything, we're still here almost a year later. Um You know, I lost the job that you know, sometimes I thought I in general, I'm now I'm in college, I wanna, I'm going into product design, I want to be a toy design. Um But there were a lot of times that I was like, maybe I'll just work here, maybe I'll maybe I'll just do this and I intended to stay working at the movies on weekends. But
Eric dolphin.
Remember.
True
money.
Yes. I just, I don't see how this became a political issue, but I think that I think really when you politicize anything, it makes it so much harder. Like if somehow there was just a world without politics, I feel like we'd be so much, so much better off just with everything.
What?
Yeah.
But
I think so. I think if we, if it's like every country at just everyone would just find a way to help each other, just do things to help each other, we'd be so much better off. But the problem with that is that it doesn't matter to the like if if people get hung up on, like I feel like this deal is helping them more than it's helping me. And I feel like in general, if you like if America looked at it and was like, okay, this third world country would be so much better off with our health and it I wouldn't even affect us that much to help them, but we don't get much out of it other than the idea of helping people. Okay, I guess people in charge don't care about the idea of people.
I mean
Yeah, like Maybe it's on my right now, I'm taking American history one in college and like very early on after the war, after the revolution, America figured it out that oh we need to be more unified, we need to be able to just help each other more than we can. That's why we got the constitution. And I don't know how 250 years later, people haven't been like, okay, let's do that as a world now.
Like
don't obviously, I don't think there should be like one ruler of the entire planet, but just try and help each other out, you know?
Yeah. Mhm. But yeah, everyone's always like I just I feel like they're getting more out of this deal than I am. And it's
like
what it
is.
Yeah. It's always what what can I get more out of this and that kind
of ruined. Yeah. All right. And
it looks like it.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, it was very cool talking to you. It's nice to meet someone else who who was in theaters.
Yeah. Very sad that you know, and Like 50 years when I'm an old man, I'll be like Oh I've worked at a movie theater and kids will be like what's a movie
theater?
What what? All right.