I'm just afraid that my, it will pick it up. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. What? That marjorie? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not hey hey, it works
Good. This is like the 5th time I've tried to do this.
Yeah, you did. Hi, I'm Donna.
Hi Gabe. Actually that's my son's name. That's an awesome
name. Yeah.
And my
that's his name and my father's name.
It is. So
where? Yeah, where are you located?
Okay. I'm
outside
I'm outside of philadelphia. Pennsylvania actually.
And I feel the same way about boston. It's a little more pristine than Philly. But uh it's a great city. Mhm.
Well, it's funny because I feel that way about boston.
Okay. I have a stopwatch going, so
well I've tried five times and five times. No one showed up. So that's why I'm
like fine wine. So temps
go
ahead.
It's Oh
no,
we wait, we wait till we're done and then we move on. Because
you'll do
like a survey afterwards. Yeah.
Yeah. How long have you been on? Prolific.
And
Yeah. You're like me. I read the Reddit, Beer money subreddit. Yeah,
Now I'm retired now and I had a little part time job and was furloughed and just kind of wanted to pick up some extra cash. So
So
what?
And.
Well, that's wonderful.
So what are you doing?
So?
It's
hard
and
As part
of what?
That's why I do it. Um I love the research aspect of it. I actually I do teach online as an adjunct, so I'm always interested to see what kind of research is going on throughout the universities and what people are looking at, so. Yeah.
your marketing area. Do you do survey stuff like this?
What?
yeah. I do this and I use amazon turk as well. Um
but again, I tend to just do all the research. I mean I'm not in there to make a lot of money or anything. I just curious system, what's going on? So
no.
Two.
So
besides marketing and doing this, what do you love to do in your free time?
take
care
most
of
well,
yeah, what kind is he,
if you know?
Oh
Part
one.
I don't know
what
that
is, but
well I have a cat, but I'm actually living in pennsylvania right now, but nine months of the year I live in florida. I'm one of those snowbirds. So, you know, um I
billy
Right, I was happy to get out when we did at the beginning of june, but I bike a lot in florida and paddleboard and just try to take advantage of the weather, get outside as much as possible when things shut down in March. What was nice for me is I still was out every day, whether I was out on the water or biking and it really didn't affect me all that much, I guess you could say, I mean I was furloughed from my little part time job, but I was okay with that. So
I've
um I know I got out june 1st, right around june 1st, right
before
things spiked down there and then things were still locked down up here. So
they didn't, which kind of surprised me because florida did believe it or not. I know that's hard to believe.
Yeah, but at the border they were stopping cars that were coming down from new york and New Jersey um and basically saying, you know you had to quarantine for two weeks, I don't think people were, but no, but coming back up, we didn't run into any problems or nobody stopped us and so yeah,
lot
smart now
you're
It was almost like a cattle chute coming off at 95 going into Florida. They would wave you through if you had a certain license plate, but they were stopping certain plates
and I just hand them a paper, but
yeah, now you're not a native boston bostonian
because
because you don't park your car
Oh my gosh, that's awesome,
Do
you get back to Italy? Do you have family in ITaly?
so where in ITaly? I'm
a I'm sorry what
for?
So are
you
skinny? Are you big skiers then or the wind,
I have, yes
my
my um I've been to Rome venice, you know Florence most of the tourist areas. My
yeah, my family is from Italy, my grandparents immigrated from Italy, so my father's first generation
was
born here, he's from I believe I got to get it right, mm
and
yeah, he's from the south, uh I can't remember, oh Tian, oh he's from Tejano, so um yeah, they came over, it's nice um in new york city, his names on the wall at Ellis Island and
it
is,
My grandfather was 16, came by himself and I cried like you get on those boat tours and you know, I can't imagine him pulling in seeing the statue of liberty, it's just yeah and then
this
that
yeah, and my parents lived in providence Rhode island for the longest time, so I'm very familiar with the new England States, spent a lot of time up there. So.
it's beautiful. I think the new England States are gorgeous.
I'm
It
yeah but Italy is so ancient. Oh my God. Oh you
know you you go there and you go the United States is like a baby.
this
and
Thanks.
But
exactly, yeah
um Italy is just beautiful and when I was there I felt like home because my parents
were both italian and you go into the shops and it smells like home and the foods like home and the poop and the people
great.
Well
you know very friendly actually my nephew lives in Milan.
Yeah, he's well he was, he's german and he goes back and forth between Munich and Milan doing business, so yeah, he's living there, my sister actually just got her dual citizenship um rolled her son, her daughter lives in Germany, her son lives in Milan, so I think she knows that she's gonna end up, she needs to be an Eu citizen, so you just
got
her dual citizenship so that
you can
live over there
an italian Oh yeah she went
was,
yeah, well she was able to do it through our italian heritage
which I thought was interesting, yeah, yeah
there's
well
that that's the Italians, they welcome everybody. Right,
mm hmm,
Oh my gosh, yes, I mean and I can remember people would come into my house and we were raised very typical italian traditional and they'd say is it always this loud in your house? And I'd be like I didn't think it was loud. I
yeah,
you know everybody
talking at once and and they're like oh you guys yell at each other, I'm like we're not yelling at each other, it's just we're having a conversation uh huh
mhm
what?
part
and
room
the
that's interesting
no
what
that
it
but
which is nice, my father, his father, he, it was all about, you have to learn english, learn english, learn english, so my father really only you know he could speak broken italian as he grew older and then he pretty much not only say lost it, but you know he had some oral language but the they were he was that typical, we came from Italy my parents, you know they worked blue collar and then my father went on to college, push, push, push, you know, so
yeah, yeah yeah and I actually taught english as a second language for many years and most of my family's really wanted the kids to preserve that first language, which of course I felt very, I'm like, yes, keep it not just orally, but academically, because, you know, if they came over in seventh grade, I didn't want them to, you know, just have 1/7 grade language education in their first language, it was like, guys, you've got to every vocabulary, you were, you learn academically, you need to translate it over into the first language and they'd be like, oh, and I'm like, no, you'll thank me when you're older, you know? So yeah, so,
An italian bilingual school, I
don't
know.
isn't that's awesome, That's and that warms my heart as an english, as an english as a second language teacher because I'm a proponent of dual language bilingual schools. Yeah, wow,
that's cool. So do you do you have a soccer team that you like from Italy or? No?
of course. Yes.
Yeah. That's
my son.
Yeah, he he's actually a soccer coach now, even now he's at the university of, he's at the University of Rochester actually and so he played all through the years, so he's a huge, huge soccer, not just american, but we follow all the european leagues and
I don't
know, I forget who we watched play the other night. It was the most expensive game, you know, with the Champions League,
you know,
who's
not who's going
up to the Premier League,
He was
getting relegated.
And
they lost.
No,
that yeah, we watched it. I forget who lost, but they lost 2 to nothing in like the last minute of the game kind of deal. It was in
Oh I'm a huge
soccer
pants. It's huge
soccer
for. Yeah well he played from the time he was three up until now in fact I went to lay on last year and saw the US women play. Um.
Yeah it was the World cup was last summer in july
so. Yeah.
I'm hard core yep I can say I
follow I follow christian Pulisic because
now
he's planning for 12 C. And he's from Hershey pennsylvania
so.
exactly I'm like what's wrong with these people? Yeah.
Now no
in fact uh my son wants to get his a license and he's really thinking about doing it in europe. He wants to do it get his U. F. A. Instead of doing it here in the States
trump.
Yeah. Yeah through yeah through U. S. Soccer you you started like an F. Licence and then you move all the way up. So. Yeah.
Yeah I think he'll you
know we'll see what happens. I think he'll end up to be a head coach somewhere eventually.
I
love the game.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
And
my
did your mom love all the games?
Yeah. Oh so much fun. And we
still in fact in 2026 we're talking about going to Australia to see the women's world Cup again. Um
I mean 2023 but 26 the World Cup is coming back to the US. the men's World Cup. It's common
and.
And I'm hoping Metlife Stadium I'm like please Metlife Stadium because
then it's in proximity you know not California. I don't want to have to fly.
Well Red Bull does have a stadium,
one. They do have a stadium but
it would be
right. Um But they do have their own stadium but the parking is really
bad.
Yeah I've been there and um it's a nice stadium, it's it's you know it's a typical good size stadium
but they park you all over the city so
you're all in these parking garages, all over the place.
So
it's in Jersey.
don't
know that. I don't know the name of the town off the
top of my head.
It
and
No.
Well
so
and
there's and there's no culture, it's not like a european
they
stand in the end zone and they try, that's what I always say, they're just trying whereas
it's not it's not like europe where the whole stadium standing and singing the whole time and yelling and yeah, it doesn't have that passion. Mhm.
Well
I think on the east coast like where we are because of the new England patriots. You have the boston red sox,
you
know
here
well you're not a new England patriots.
You know,
But
it's it's but the fan experience is not you know, it's crazy but it's not anything like europe, it's just not yeah, it's
just
a different culture.
No.
yeah.
Why?
But
What?
I remember actually my tour guide in Italy when she took us into the coliseum, she said to me um she goes yeah you know now they make a big deal out of this place when I was a little girl, we used to just come over here and play soccer in here like it was nothing and I was like yeah, that sounds about right.
In
Yeah.
What?
it's
so true because we went to Hercule um instead of pompeii and I was just like, there was barely anybody there literally the day that we were there, there was like and the parking lot, it was so small, and I'm like,
and then I'm walking around, I'm going, this is like an ancient city that's still intact, like the world should see this, this is unbelievable, but it's right in the middle of this town,
if you're
it's amazing. Yeah. And they said even when we were there that they hadn't even uncovered all of it, like the forum was still not uncovered, but I was amazed at the preservation of it. I mean, it's just unbelievable. Yeah, just a few. But you know what, I love the dichotomy of Italy is the balconies with the beautiful flowers and then the washes hanging there, you know, it's like that is Italy
there,
It is, yeah, wow. Oh my goodness,
yeah, so
I'm looking at our time here,
I
think we're good. Yeah,
I
did too.
No,
it was to you to chow, okay,
you too have
great year and hopefully things will get better for all of us.
We have to think positively.
take
care, take care of that puppy.