Yeah. How's it going?
Really? Okay. Well, it's my first time. So I guess, I guess I got lucky.
Hi, I'm Gabe nice to meet you.
No way.
You need
behind you? No,
that's awesome.
What a hunk.
I am in boston massachusetts.
How about
yourself?
Okay. Beautiful city. I love it. Whenever, when we used to be able to travel, I used to uh, try to get there as often as I could. I just really like, did he enjoy it very much? So? Yeah.
Well, he's got his charm plus all like the old buildings and whatnot.
true. I guess, yeah, I guess you appreciate, it's easier to appreciate where you don't live as opposed to where you spent most of your life. Probably look at the time or to let me see. So at 5:30 on my, on my counter there on the, on the other survey page. So because 31 minutes would be good.
Oh, perfect. Sweet. So we're saying, have you done this before?
Got
go
ahead.
No, I was gonna say I'm not I'm not even sure how this works. I guess there's Yeah, on on the intro
it says don't move on to the next page until you've opened the video chat, so I don't know if we're supposed to move on now or just wait for the 25
minutes.
Got
it,
God, cool.
I want to say it maybe a couple of months. Not not too long. A friend of mine
mentioned it and so I figured I'd check it out and it's a good uh good waiting, like mindless way too, get some beer money or lego money or whatever.
that where you found it? That's right, yes, it's fine.
Yeah, it's a pretty crappy time right now, isn't it? I'm lucky enough that uh so I'm
still working
full time and my job hasn't really been impacted at all. You could almost
say it's gone the opposite direction. We've actually been more busy now than we were before.
So yeah, I'm really lucky in that, but
so I work
in a, like a consulting agency, um a bit of, a bit of
marketing,
I mean, I've
done a few sort of as part
of what
I do have done some some research as well, similar to these things, more of the as a client, more so than the actual researcher. But it's always fascinating to just see how people ask questions and stuff, so.
yeah, that's the thing, it's interesting because all of this is a university, right? Because a lot of the stuff that I've dealt with in the past has been, even on other websites where you can take service has been like just brands and whatnot. This is all academic work that they're doing. So, and
Yeah, yeah, we we do. I mean we use surveys as like, I mean we get agencies to do them for us. And then uh and then we'll look at the data, start to analyze it and see what they tell us what their input is and then make decisions based off of that. So it's not it's not all foreign
to me, but it's it's still interesting to do. For sure. What?
yeah. Okay.
we're definitely not going to get rich doing this, but
uh you're like, there's there's a curiosity
aspect to it. And also they're uh yeah, just like side side cash. But as
well,
I don't I haven't had a lot of free time recently, but uh have a puppy who takes up a lot of my time. Yeah luckily my wife is takes
care
of him most
of the times
but
but when I'm home I try to spend as much time with him as possible.
He's
Um He's actually looking over because he's sleeping um
he's a mix so we haven't we haven't done a DNA test on him just yet but he's got all sorts of spots and whatnot. So I think he's part
pointer
part maybe lab part catahoula if you know what that is. So it's it's
bit
of
every
it's also a spotted type of coach but uh yeah how about yourself?
not a not a good year to be. Well I guess
you in Philly this time of year anyway so.
Yeah. So when did you get out? Did you manage to get out before the whole
lock that can happen?
Got
it,
got it that did pennsylvania or Philly specifically? They have any sort of like uh you know, quarantine rules for for people coming in from out of state or from those higher risk states.
What? What,
Yeah, because they are here and here in boston in massachusetts, they've There's just that they've just instituted the 14 day quarantine for pretty much anybody coming from any state apart from like seven neighbouring states or something like that.
So
I haven't
seen it actually stopped cars or anything like that. It's not like there's border patrol stopping cars.
wow, that's crazy.
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
How could you, how could you
tell?
Okay, that's good. I thought you were gonna tell me I had a foreign accent or something because they do, because I'm actually originally I'm from well, long story, but I'm originally from Italy, so born great a few years. And then uh and it came over, I lived in new york city for a while, went back for college, came back over here in boston about seven years ago. So
like, oh my all my accents, I feel like I have all sort of washed away, sort of blended together.
I don't know what
Yeah. Yeah, I mean, all of my family and most of my friends are in Italy as well, so or maybe not most, but a good amount. So I try my wife and I used to try and get back this once a year ish. Um
Part
that's fine. Um from
the Milan area. Uh Yeah, so it's we used to go back once a year, but now with this whole mess, who knows when we'll be able to be back, we're supposed to be back in May for a wedding and thing happened, so when it was one will be able to go back
going
to
Really, I mean I like to ski um but both my wife and I used to play pretty competitive basketball, so we weren't really allowed weeks up. Yeah. But uh have you ever been to Italy?
Who?
Where?
those are good for her to
From
week
Sicily.
I'm good.
wow, that's awesome. I love ls visited at least once a year when I used to live there. It's such a, such a powerful place. It's like
there's
history and. Yeah.
It is crazy
if you think back to
those days.
Yeah, it's it's area, it's definitely different from Philly or new york city but yeah, New England is a decent area for sure.
yeah, they're very green in the sense of like tons of
nature, which is which is nice, especially even in the three is like there's a lot of like trees and just like parks and whatnot, so it's a it's definitely a nice change of pace, especially
compared to like Italy where everything is mostly like just concrete and whatnot, so
Uh
I was gonna say if if you put everything into perspective, you go like things that get and they'll get me wrong, I totally get it, but things that get like celebrated here is like History
or you know monument, so this dates
back to whatever it's like yeah, but it's like 300 years old, 400 years old, go to Italy and they it's thousands
of years and you're
like oh yeah. Right
yeah
august
yeah especially in like the further down south you go the more people are like welcoming and just like don't really have, I mean hardly
anyone speaks english the further down south you go but they'll find a way to understand you get you to understand them and they're yeah they're just much more welcoming
that feel like
no way.
then
they
that's
all
did she did she get a german or an italian citizenship?
get going
going like Germans,
that makes sense.
yeah
as long as you have some sort of you know italian native in your family tree then you're allowed to to some extent
to get a talent citizenship
yeah,
just to some extent things have gotten worse recently but but no. Yeah, that's true. It's it's a fairly what country for sure.
Yeah. That's definitely a
lot of hand gestures, a lot of shouting.
What?
Um
so do you speak any any dialect
because a lot of the immigrants would, it's funny if you walk down even here in boston, I live in the stereotypically I live in the north end, which is the the italian part of
town and
and yeah sometimes you walk down the street, you'll hear some of these older people just
talk and dialogue. No one knows italian but they can
speak dialect so
I always
find this and then the young kids, some of the young people as well I guess they're being taught
the
dialect because maybe there's
an interest on their part or maybe their parents want to preserve some of that italian this, so it's, it's always great. I just, I don't, I'm not gonna say I feel at home but it definitely helps feel less less far
from italy
Yeah, it's funny how things flip right, it's like come on over and like I don't want to be different, I want to be, I want them to accept me, I'm an american, you you should be an american, speak english, forget about italian and then as soon as like your one generation removed and you're like, oh but I actually do care about my roots, I wanna prepare some of the heritage, so it's funny how things flip and progress.
What helped me a lot was that when we came over I was actually went to a bilingual school, so in new york city they have, yeah, they have an italian american.
so
they,
yeah, but it's, it's one of the few ones in, in the world where it's the actually, um, I guess the Foreign office, the italian foreign office has like sponsors these schools around the world where there you're being taught essentially a double curriculum where you go, half of it is what people do in italy half of it is what people do here in the States, so that option to go back or to stay here and just do what you gotta do. So
Yes.
I do, of course, there's actually probably hear that little red and black thing back there. What is one of my jersey? Yes, it's called football down in europe. So
the, the your son, is that a
soccer
ball? I see, I see. Nsp,
Got
it.
Know
what
it was.
I know,
exactly. It was
the
it was full of, full of somebody else. Yeah,
that's,
that's hard work. Does not, not everyone watches that game because that's
a division one championship.
Well you're, you're a very dedicated mom. I'll give you that to watch that game or are you also a fan now? Got
dragged
in.
Are you
Roy?
Was that the World Cup last year?
I
that's awesome.
The
of course,
like,
like
any self respecting american soccer fans should. Yeah.
You know, it's good. Yeah. I remember when I was a kid, When I first moved here, it was 94, which was when the World Cup was here in the States. I remember how like if they were trying to get it to, you know, take hold of kids and whatnot is really pumping a lot of stuff investments and whatnot into it. It's like how it feels like it hasn't really progressed that much. The quality of play isn't all that great.
And even
so what's what's the a licence I'm not familiar with that? Is that like a
coaching license?
Amazing. So he's really going for it. Huh.
And
that's great. I
mean
Yeah. Well that's good. I mean and it's also I'm sure it's also something that you can, something you can share with your son. Right. Mhm.
Uh huh.
Forget it said
I know my
mom goal go ahead.
So I was gonna say I know my mom was always trying to connect with me on something on some sort of level. So I'm sure having a sport that you guys both shared love for is sort of bridges I got.
That's
Okay.
Well there I
was reading somewhere that it might come back earlier if Qatar keeps messing things up there. Like where do we, where can we go? So
assets.
Yeah, it's probably gonna be didn't there? So I have a friend of mine, a good friend of mine who works for the mLS at the sort of their offices. I think she was telling me then the Red Bull just build their own stadium.
There you go.
Well,
I used to play, I met life if I'm not mistaken.
Oh, is
there any uh
All
Should,
so
where's the bread bowl stadium right now?
It's yeah. Right. It is in Jersey. I thought so. Yeah, I
want
no.
And I was just I was just wondering if it was in Jersey. It was funny. She took me to a new york city Fc
game and they play
at Yankee Stadium which is very convenient to get to. But it's so bad
in terms of just like the way that pitches is position and the stands and trying to watch the
game. It's so bad.
It's such a bad
excuse.
No, you're right. It looks so fake. They had this little I guess section in the stands with like the new york city Fc supporters but it just felt so like fabricated. It was you're right. It was so
that
married.
100%. But I think that's that's true for I think all the sports here in the States to be honest with you, it's like there's very few towns I guess. I'm lucky enough that boston is very much a sports town but like
there's very few places where you go and you actually like sea fans sort of and emotionally engaged with the game, right? It's like it's very cold I feel like.
well I'm
I'm
a new york city
sports fan so
I'm I'm a Giants fan. I'm a knicks fan. I mean I'm not, yeah, I can't say that too loudly because otherwise I'll be hunted down but yeah, I'm not
I'm not a new England. Not at all.
But
we
get
yeah, I guess the good thing is we don't like nobody dies here at the stadium as opposed
to yeah.
Quite that's an early with like fans just clashing
or not but you're right,
it's just yeah, it's just less less
engaging for sure.
Yeah. It's crazy isn't it? But I think that's also that's also very telling us at how like Italy has
been very late to the party yet. Really
marketing
itself and really sort of like Especially yeah just marketing, you know, older rich is that they have like you go here you go even in Boston there's like sure the old state house it's great. But like again it's what 300 years old? Good. Italy it's like there's so much richness of three that is, it could be such an easy sell and they're only just now starting to figure out how to how to do it and how to get people to come and really ramp up that. Well they were until covid but really just get that tourism
and
Well yeah.
Well
Yeah and it's crazy anywhere like in Italy if whenever they do like construction or whatever in big cities, they always end up finding something that's like thousands of years old like in the underground or something. So it's always a constant discovery yourself.
But that
is old. All right. That's how we do it like we don't have hardly anybody has a washer or dryer. No, it's still still very old school ish. Yeah.
It's been it's been experienced. Yeah.
All right.
Think we're good I
believe.
Well
it was
to meet you and speak
to you
Best of luck with everything.
Thank you.
Absolutely.
Absolutely. Thank you.
Bye.
Absolutely. Bye.