Hi.
Thank you. Okay, I
just
fixed my volume. It was super low. So
whereabouts are you? Yeah.
Yeah. D. C. Her.
So
what do you talk about?
Well um
um mm hmm. I'm trying to think what I last watched on netflix. Um Really, I don't it wasn't that memorable. Um How about you? Probably use recommendations. Mhm. Yeah
absolutely.
And that's on
my cue to to watch, is it? Uh
yeah, well I did break down and uh so you broke down and watched Tiger King? I broke down and purchase Disney plus subscription just so I could watch Hamilton.
We'll get this um uh what um christoph um he from frozen, he is uh in Hamilton as the most comical character, King George the third and as quite an amazing voice, but it
is
he's
like he's like he steals the show basically.
Well it was um
based off of a book. Um um He's a pretty famous author, a biographer who also wrote, gosh, I'm gonna look it up. I just need to know. He also wrote George Washington's biography. Um It's an offer. Um Obviously it's that guy. Um hmm yes, he wrote the Federalist Papers, But yeah, I watched it on 4th of July, it was mhm. A touch with them are a chair now. That's it. Um Ron Chernow, he
the biography of George Washington. Obviously he's a focuses on american um historical figures, but he
wrote
the
book
and
as this main, as you know, if you look up Hamilton is this guy that uh he was a substitute teacher and the read
Chernow's book and uh I was
like, well,
I'm
an underdog and all right, this this at the time it was going to be called Hamilton mixtape. Um but if you listen to his voice, it's very, it's very um passive not strong at all. Like you would expect anyone back in the day, like some strong, forceful male character. So I recommend it. Um It's very musical. I mean, so obviously if you like frozen, you like some sort of musical, but it's the whole thing is singing. Um So uh it's pretty good. Mhm. It's
not a cartoon,
it is um it is uh sit on a stage and it's it's a stage performance,
but it's 2.5 plus hours long, so pretty long. And then, and for someone like me that I don't really watch a whole lot of stuff, it was intense. Um Yeah. Mhm. But that was my four July, pretty lucky and no, they're going to hang out with anyone very unpatriotic I guess. Even though like the fireworks were going, fireworks are going off in like
beginning mid june in my neighborhood and they kept going off every night.
okay. Uh Well I mean that's like a week after I'm
I
was
young.
Yeah. Well so in D. C. The uh the mayor Bowser didn't even want fireworks and uh yeah they still happened and apparently like not to make a gory but like um there was uh some riots going off and then there was one guy who, I mean I have to presume he was very drunk but um we'll never know at this point because he died because he put a firework on top of his head and thought it would have time to go off. But um
there's
always one. Uh huh.
What?
that's true. Uh Uh huh. Yeah.
So do you do you work at all?
No
no.
All right, there's there's other places,
how
old were they?
No. Yeah, I really value struck. I mean I value structure now, but at
that age that's just crucial and
wow.
So where, where did she go after after
that?
Well,
good quarter of the year. That's, I'm sure she shall remember that and but she had longer. That's too bad why I've been um so fortunate to have my job. But I feel like
now
that I have to work 100% from home, I'm feeling like I'm working two
jobs in terms
of like instead of a 4 40 hours and I never really worked 40 hours. But now it seems like I'm just always working and but at the same time I'm like
uh so fortunately I still want the job
I work for um uh mid sized federal agency, the National Science Foundation. And we sew the agency's mission is supporting federal science grants.
I work in the astronomy sciences, so we have obviously a lot of partnership with Nasa and Department of Energy. Um but uh we also manage our own. Um So so Nasa does a lot of the, they send the rockets into space, they do a lot of space space research and NSF does the ground based research, the telescopes on the ground, the observatory's and with the there's there's been a lot of construction going on. Um but there's been a lot of this disruption at the same time with the pandemic and and last year more so there was a lot of
civil unrest in um chile where we're building one telescope and in Hawaii um where uh we
native Hawaiians didn't like us doing construction on sacred land. So it's it's yeah, it's amazing research but at the same time I feel like it's you're in over your head um And uh
and we just need more people to help get the job done and yeah so everybody's working remote. All the telescopes that are already in operation have closed down um and it's a skeleton crew just to make sure. Um So this is I guess technically it's hurricane season and one of our our telescopes are major telescopes is in Puerto rico and with with hurricane Maria that happened a few years ago that just really hurt things. And then now with the pandemic um we're basically trying to make sure that you know the whole place doesn't collapse. It's a it's one of our oldest observatory's um It was, gosh you're talking about pop culture earlier. Um It was, I mean I'm not gonna look at that power remember but um there's been some movie uh uh the Arecibo Observatory was in some movie and uh anyway it just um it was one of the observatory's that helped pinpoint the black hole discovery last year and um so lots of cool stuff going on but um just lots of stuff going on that I feel like I can't keep up sometimes. Um So yeah in fact last last two weeks ago um I was working so I think I worked uh Located 18 hours straight just right in front of my computer. And the so the following day so this was two days straight. Then the following day I woke up with just a pinch, it felt like just a pension the side of my rib, my right rib. And then so I woke up that morning and all I remember I was like that's really strange. Um Maybe I just slept on it wrong. Maybe maybe I put my my I literally put my arm on my side of my body as I slept. I don't know, but I do remember what I dreamed about and it was um
the have you seen Princess Bride?
It's uh with Princess Buttercup. It was filmed in the 80s. Um There's uh um this phrase of that's inconceivable. Um And uh anyway there's this one character that uh he's technically an albino. And um anyway in my dream he was like holding this object that ended up to just be a big pile of poop and he said this is the ideal brain structure model. And that's all I remember from my dream that night when I had the side um
perch. And then it just so I was like well maybe
I was
laughing so hard. Um But
it just gave me a like a charley horse type of thing. But the rest of the day it just
kept spreading
and spreading and it ended up getting over my entire right side into back spasm and all I can think of was one. I'm too young for back spasms and two. Uh What was the 2nd 1? Two is I never want to work 18, 19 hour days back to back. Um.
How
do
we go? Yeah. Or my brain. I know my I know I was not working as you know hard as I could have. Um. Yeah. But uh. Yeah. So where are you looking for work now?
Yeah. So when I graduated college um I you know you you working really hard and then all of a sudden you're done with exams and then I was like I need a break. So um It was like five months where I literally did nothing except for just like free read or like take blocks around the block um just to like if I were looking for work, I would have just like not found anything um Yeah,
you've
already done it, yeah. Oh.
Very good
over here.
I'm
sure your kids are happy you're home and
Pretty
And with everyone being online, that's just gonna be also another, you know channel for them, so yeah, good. Have they, have they figured out um when school's starting next?
Well
you don't have to get up early if you stay home?
Which I have, but
I don't ma'am.
so I worked at airport security with T. Esa for three long years. Um
worst three years of my life basically. Um But yeah
I worked the equivalent of the third shift, it was 10 p.m. To 6 30 AM and um they always had us staying you know an extra 23 hours and by that point there's rush hour coming. Um So uh and and then when I left that job it took me months to acclimated to like the normal 9-5 type of schedule um months. Uh
uh I was in my early twenties too, so I'm like gosh that's when you can rebound right? But maybe I maybe my body is really like like the Benjamin button of or maybe not, maybe not Benjamin button um one where like rapidly degrades and maybe that's why I dream about this actor talking about a poop brain model. Oh my gosh, that was just okay.
with
the
alarm not me, my my alarmist, I gosh I'm not a morning person, so when everyone turned to tell
work
I would usually get up at six um because I have like a little over our commute each way and um so I would get up at six and then leave the house by like 6 45 but now that I'm totally working, I get up at eight I think um last week there were a couple of days, I got up at 8:30 and I was like wow this is different, that's great, like I don't have bags under my eyes, it's that's pretty great, okay,
it's
not where you work, it's how you work, yep,
yep, I've never heard it said that way, but that's, yep, that's it, Oh
just
uh
Other
provinces,
mhm Yeah, Uh huh mhm
No
mhm
I've, that's
also why I kind of just don't really go on, I have like a queue going on, but I never even go on there because I'm
just also
sometimes by the time I have it cued up and I'm like okay yeah, now I'm going to watch that Angelina Jolie movie, it's off netflix, so Uh
my luck,
do
that,
thank
you
I don't really go to movie theaters um it might be partly because of
this one time my sister wanted to see this one movie, there's like I think, So she's two years
younger, so she would have been 15, I would have been 17 and um she wanted to see some like action adventure movie and I was like uh not really, not not in the mood, so I ended up watching the ring in theaters and there was no one in the theater room with me and um
that was that was pretty intense but again now
that I think
and the girl has like her hair of her face. Yeah but then again now that I think about it, like I wouldn't want it any other way, that's how I would want to see a movie is at a theater all by myself, that's just so creepy. Um And uh yeah that's
probably,
no they don't um they are trying to figure out space, there is probably out by like the Manassas um where they have like these big concerts um
that might be an option but um I've always wanted to go to drive in theaters. There's this um there's this movie uh called Pee Wee's Big Adventure um
with pee
wee
Herman,
Pee wee Herman and he loses his bike but it's a pretty strange movie. Uh but at the end there's a drive in theater and it was just so charming. And uh do you guys have drive in theaters?
Have they increased in popularity?
More
on
concert.
this is
Well I don't know. Um hmm
I mean it must be kind of weird if it were to be live, you know for blake Shelton to be on a stage and then it would probably
have to
be
empty
audience.
Yeah but like obviously he would have to have all of his music set up and then he would be playing obviously in front of a camera or a couple of cameras with no audience. So
it's still pretty cool.
Who?
How
was how was The Invisible Man?
Yeah I I heard it got mixed reviews but um yeah that that'd be kind of cool to watch in your car though. Yeah. Do you get food? Do
they?
No. Yeah and I said
I
don't
think
they
were like
Oh that sounds so fun. Oh so now I'm really missing the theaters that's all I know
I
was
looking
at
speaking
of
Greece um the the wife of of uh
that's too bad. But
and apparently he has a nine year old boy.
Yeah. But I mean to have a nine year old boy you need to be 57 to keep up with that kid
exhausting.
I
mean.
of course.
Well maybe I'm too old to if I'm having back spasms. Uh huh. It was well, I couldn't move, I couldn't like even lying down was painful. I couldn't laugh because it hurt my ribs. So I like I tried to watch a movie and I was like, I'd be very specific. I was like, it has to be, you know, nothing, nothing depressing but you know, can be anything funny and that's my go to and I'm not feeling well. Uh Well, I never want to have that again.
you're right. I felt like 15.
Uh Well, this is so much fun
and
and
best wishes to your job hunt. But pick something when that's good for you. Don't don't pick your first job.
Or you can just forever home school your kids and Uh huh
No, that's good. They want to go back to school and I'm sure they'll go back soon.
I don't I don't even have any pets and I'm I'm a huge animal lover so I just worked too much. Uh huh
Old
girl
well maybe they'll reconsider and and reopen up
a group home.
You want to sell cars,
You are one in a million.
Who,
people just
wanted
after a lot, so at that point or even just independent people wanted off there there, you know, tax value, so
that actually, I mean like I was like I was kind of hinting at, I I don't imagine anyone wouldn't want to assault cars so there's your niche,
I
mean
yeah.
that's the guy.
Good
part.
Well, clearly you have a lot of patients in a huge heart so that, that'll take you far.
In the meantime there's netflix. Uh huh.
Thank you.
You just get like when I go on, I just get in like this, I lose
track of time. I am like, okay, all I wanted to do was look up the author of Hamilton and then I go into a side track of, okay, but was his middle name and why was he named that? And it's just like, and then you find these other random things on this, It's just, you're right. It really does 2nd time, but it answers questions.
Mhm.
And then you're like, oh, you were friends with him for how long? Just two years? Okay. And then before then? Oh
interesting.
Very
true. You know
she should have
been happy.
That's
it.
What I hear you I'm not
Yeah.
It's I thought you were going to talk about internet security.
this
is
fun. I
I've missed talking
to people.
well this was a joy, thank you so much for this chat.