wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello? Can you hear me ok?
Hi, can you hear me okay?
I don't
know anything.
Pennsylvania.
You?
Yeah. So is this your first time doing the video chat? Yeah. Oh this
is my second
um The last girl I talked about what we watched on netflix and what you did for a living and stuff like that. Yeah. Mhm.
You don't think I was gonna get a set of questions this time, but I guess not.
okay. I don't know. I don't watch netflix
a whole lot. Um I did, however, break down and watched The Tiger King after, I didn't understand those memes on facebook
and
it's a train wreck that you just have to keep watching to know what happens. It's just one of those, it's like you're nosy enough person, you just have to know.
I actually is. I am logged on to my best friend's Disney plus so I could watch for hours and two, yep.
I
want
to watch.
I think I've seen one meme on facebook about Hamilton and I was like, what is this? Is this a new thing now? So no idea. I didn't even know. I was like, I thought it was like for book.
Yeah.
You want, yeah.
Thank
you
very
much.
Thank you.
Is
this
form?
It,
So it's a, it's like a cartoon almost like frozen but based off the book.
Oh,
now.
We
had some going off last night. Yeah. Yeah. About 10:30 because I was texting my kids about looking for the dog to make sure she was okay.
I haven't heard any yet tonight. Right? But they
were really close
last
night. I found it was gunfire. Honestly, I was like holy grab because it was simple. It was,
Oh Geez, there's always
one.
My brother actually posted on facebook On four July, some of Y'all won't
be waking up with your 10 fingers tomorrow, something like valuable effects. And I was like so true. So true.
Yeah.
Yeah. Um No, I was, I was working at a group home for Children and they closed down last september. So I've been off since, you know, and then I have a a bum arm. So I've been like flunking physicals when I go look for a job because I can't crawl or on my hands and knees or lift heavy boxes and stuff. So mm mhm
I'd probably be like stuck at a burger king or Mcdonald's somewhere the work for actually
down the road, but it is mhm.
A good look at. But like the last job I had was like a piece of cake, like I literally went in and the kids, I mean they were like kids that misbehaved, but I think With working 3rd shift I only really had to like put up with them for like an hour or two and then they were in bed anyways and then I gotta wake him up for school,
which was difficult. But
um I had a 16 year old and 18 year old, Another 16 year old I believe one was 15 when she came in and turned 16 And the other one was 15, like yeah, there was five of them, so in september when the place closed down. Um Prior to that I was working on fostering the one girl, so I did end up bringing her home with me when it closed and um she completely changed adequate direction and she just had to go back.
She
left there thinking that, Oh, she's out of the group home, she's in my home, she was 16, thinking she could see her 26 year old boyfriend and I have a A 12 and 10 year old and I was like, Oh no, like that's setting totally bad example. Yeah.
Yeah,
I
have no idea. I have no idea. She told my 12 year old she would keep in contact, but I never did. Yeah, We had her until January 16
and then I haven't heard from her since.
you
know,
we're
going to go.
So
what do you do?
How do you know? Yeah.
Very,
Dad.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not sure.
jeez.
come
on.
Time to kill
you. Look
at the body,
Well, I'm sure that's not even good for your legs, let alone like
your
back.
I'm kind of just letting my husband work, so I mean he makes enough to survive. So I figured why not for a while I wrote a lot of hours when I was at the group home, a lot of doubles, I was never home. I was like, oh, I'm just taking a break.
I have applied at a few places. I applied it like the Hershey factory and um it was thermal fisher up here. I don't know, it was mentioned on the news then shortly after that about making medical supplies for stuff. And then um oh gosh, there was like to other places that I applied for and then it's like I get sent for the physical and boom, I'm like, done like the first time well, and it was like Guilford Mills to, it's a sewing factory. I worked there before the group home, and I was like, oh, we'll go back there. That was an easy job, you know, I left, you know, on a good note. So, but they changed where you need to go instead of just a drug test, you have to go take a physical. And I was like, I literally left there crying when she flagged me. I was like, who are you to tell me I can't do a job, I've already
done,
but I don't have like my right arm, I don't have a lot of use for. I was I was attacked by a dog shortly after I left between the transition of Guilford and the group home, I was attacked by a dog and
um he took
of my nerves out of my right arm, so it's hard for me to like hold things and stuff like that. So I've been fucking fucking them and like it's two years and I left that place crying, I was like two years later and that dog is still ruining my life, It was like really upsetting, but I'm still looking and I'm still hopeful, but I'm like, oh well maybe I'll just give it a break now, you
know,
they are up on them and then they sleep all day, have more interaction with the dogs I have now than anything. Mhm.
Yeah, and then I downloaded this thing on, it was it's called missing or whatever. It shows like all the missing kids throughout the United States and stuff like that, and then it gives like internet safety tips. So I'm gonna make them watch that hair probably when I get off with you. Internet safety tips, so they don't go missing because that's what they do all day, fortnight or all night. Fortnite roadblocks and all that other crap. Mhm.
No, I haven't heard anything. They want to go back and I don't want to send them back. I said about homeschooling but they want to go back. So I guess I'm sending them back and I figure if it doesn't work out for whatever reason that they now you don't wanna go back. The oldest one that she goes to high school this
year, so she wants to go back, I think for that reason. Uh
This. Mhm.
Mhm. So well, I usually I always worked third shift my entire life from out of high school on a I've always worked third shift, so I'm like, I usually don't ever go to bed, I come home, I wake them up and take them to school and then I go to bed
because I was always third shift. So now like now that I'm off and I've been off since september, I I said, I think I'm too old now to go back for maybe third shift because I've been sleeping at night now, you know, there's sometimes over in bed by 8 30 I'm like, what is this? Yes.
Mhm. Okay.
Yeah.
Mhm.
my husband works for a shift and he will be up before his alarm even goes off, and I'm like, like, he has to be like psycho or something like that. Just that there was nobody like everybody right now, like chris is their alarm there, you know, like snooze, snooze, you know, to push their limits. And he's like before his alarm. Because I'd be like, I'm actually shocked when I hear the alarm in the morning. I was like, what are you actually like? Yeah, I actually heard the alarm this morning. He's like, you, it woke me up and I was like, he was like, usually he's up before it, it's like twice in a year that he wakes up with his alarm
instead of before
it
Use
this.
They have the thing
that it's like it's it's not working at home, but working. Wait, how is that? It's just
it's it's not working at home. It's living at your work.
Like my my friend works from home. She's a medical coder and she's the type, like she's always worked for a shift. But like now that she works for home from home, she's like, I'm late more working at home because she never was before. And I'm like how you're like right there?
And she's like, you don't understand, I don't have to get up and get ready for. No, I'm like okay. I was like, I would love to work from home. But I made like uh she's like a plate, the plate. Uh huh.
I
mean I
didn't roll it over the, over on the side of my bed or whatever with a computer, you know, whatever I had to do. Mm hmm.
it. Uh huh. What? There was a movie I was trying to google on netflix that it's I thought it was really good. If you're like into horror movies, it's so Angelina Jolie and she's deaf in the movie. I don't know if you've ever seen it?
Okay. Like I had a friend but I used to work with at the group home and every night I would go in and that's what I would do at night while the kids slept, I would binge watch something on netflix. And uh she she recommended this movie and she was like but I don't recommend you watching it, you know at night, don't watch it alone. And I was like oh I watched it and then I was like I was creeped out. The house is creepy that I worked in to begin with. And then I was like creeped out the rest of the night but I can't even remember the movie is called. But if if you, I think if you search Angelina Jolie and my oh
I don't know. The guy has a mask on in it too and she's deaf. I don't know. It really freaked me out. Yeah, that one was a pretty good movie. That one is like the only one that I've ever stuck out that I thought was a good movie on there. Mm hmm.
Which
I
don't know.
Oh yeah. Yeah, I don't even know if it's still on, I watched this last year so it might even be off. I don't know. I
didn't even know they did that. I used to binge watch it like
when I worked
there at the group home,
like that
was like my every night the kids would go to bed. I didn't watch netflix all night, so.
What?
Well
Mhm.
Is that the one
where the screen goes fuzzy and the girl crawls out of the screen?
Chip
drive in theaters are
Yeah.
What
can
you hurt
man?
Yeah we do. We have one actually close to home.
Um I know we just have one. I know there there's usually a lot of vehicles when we go there. Um Now they just opened up not too long ago after the pandemic and I believe it's I think maybe it's only been open three or four weeks now. Um They did like the Garth brooks um concert, like the live concert or whatever, I don't know if
you've seen
that.
Um and now they're doing one with Blake Shelton on 25 July on in drive
ins. I don't know if it's a live show on the screen or what, but it's being broadcast that I've seen on however many drive ins there are are left.
Yeah.
like
this
would be
on the screen,
it would be on a screen like you know watching it on the screen live.
It may be awkward on his part but
so like right now we haven't been like to the movie theaters because like Earth or that the drive In because they were playing like older movies so far, they've been playing like Greece or um now they did show a recent one but right before the pandemic started we went to a just see it in theaters. Um Invisible Man.
They bring out one at the drive in. We usually they're having like $12 a carload so I mean it's super cheap to get in compared to regular movie, but everyone they've played so far we've seen. Mhm.
So I'm just fine.
Um It was okay. It it wasn't like enough to watch it again though.
Why
don't they do have food? You're not allowed to take food in? So you purchase it there because that's where they make their money on their food. We always sneaking my chips, our drinks and stuff and like I'm sure we're not the only ones, but
we
don't
want
to
get
home staff there. Yeah.
good boy.
Yeah. There's
not
much left.
No,
not
anything.
John Travolta. Yeah, I see that this morning. Mhm.
Uh huh. I would think he would be a lot older than 57. No. Like how old is he? Oh
holy crap. Well, I mean guys can have kids till whenever or you know?
No,
My
husband
43 and I was like, I want another baby, what a baby boy. And he's like, I am too old. Too old. And I'm like biological clock is ticking. I want more kids. He doesn't, he's
too old. Yeah. Yeah. Across the baby.
Now, Well, our 25 minutes is up. Yeah.
I'm glad they paired me with 70, like more of my age this time. The last time I got I think she was like 23 and like, I was like, Oh man, what the freak am I going to talk about? What it's like No. And
back
trying
to
I know I'm not I'm not settling because like this has to last me forever. Like I am wait, I'm like too old to be jumping around and that's what I tell them in my interview. Like you know, where do you see yourself in five years while still working here? Because like mm I'm not like 19 anymore where I could just like hot from hop and hop and hop, you know, till I find my spot. I need to find a spot.
love them. But I need that break. Mhm
Hopefully with not a lot of restrictions. Do you have kids?
I have three dogs and tickets. Okay, I'm already busy. Uh huh. And I used to work full time on that on top
of that and take care
of like everybody. But uh huh I don't know. I figure yeah, I have some time yet before I have to have to have to get a job sometimes yet. So I'm
hey,
I'm hoping I said to my husband, I would so like to either like sell cars or open my own group home, like closer.
I want to sell cars for for some reason I want to sell cars. You already soldier formula. So
a card dealer. I even looked up like how I would get my license or whatever. I've been to a car auction and I was like, oh my gosh, like these cars go super cheap if I could get one and sell it double the price. Like there was minivan's going for 200 bucks. I was like, I saw this for 1000. I go buy three more vehicles, you know, so
it's like, I think they're really to be made in that sell them cheap enough. You get a lot of business
I don't
think.
Cramp. I don't want to be rich. I just want to have money. Not not not that all gravy. Yeah.
I don't
know.
We'll walk over to put in the work or the loan money to get a place to do it and stuff like that. And I was thinking like all these kids in foster care and foster homes and stuff like that or meeting a foster home that they could come to a group home. Yeah
I thought about that even more but that requires a lot more work. Mhm acknowledge to do that I don't really have and I'm thinking like
how long is that gonna take a year to
five
years like I don't even have that much time so
hopefully someday. Yeah never know incorrect no.
I'm getting bored with that now too though like there's so much cleaning you can do or watching tv or playing games on your phone, searching the internet. Like I looked up some crazy, crazy stupid crap on the internet why everybody was in bed and stuff like
the stuff you could find on there.
Thanks.
No, I went I went into this whole big ordeal thing about organ donation that I wish I never would have dug into in the middle of the night. I'm like searching, I don't even know how I think I might have seen a post on facebook about it. And then I was like, oh I'm going to like educate myself on this and I'm like, oh maybe I should have stayed away. Yeah. They want to know like you know the good versus bad and all that other, you know nonsense and other people's theories and I'm like I should not have done that to myself, should not have like there's some things you can never forget and that's going to be one of them. Yeah
it's just crazy and like and then like then I go into stock remote like somebody's facebook page where like they'll have their whole life on there and I'm like oh okay what do you know? Let's see what you're up to.
Yeah.
Yeah. There's more to do
on the internet. The T. V.
Yeah I get sucked sucked away into the Internet. It's crazy. And then my stupid phone gives me those updates
you know
you've been online like
20%
over this week. Yeah like now but.
but there's nothing else to do after like cleaning cooking you know make sure their kids okay you know there's really nothing else to do. Yeah
no time so I can make myself I yeah it turns out the rest will be off. Too bad to hear them. We need to make su,
Yeah they have that whole episode to watch on tv. I'm not watching you are I want internet. Yeah. No girl that they're they're leaving out the school. Yeah I will see you kens. So All right. I'm going to get off. Here. There
is
Jason.
You're
prepared.
There's like another 20 minutes to 45 minutes of questions to answer after this. Yes I wasn't prepared the first time I got off I was so tired I was like oh you gotta be kidding me. But there are there are some questions after this.
Yeah my last person did meet up and then like the person before that was all like way too young so all right I'm going to get off here.