SPEAKER_L: the students call That's Yeah, please. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Watch Yeah. Mhm, mhm Yeah. Right. Mhm, mm, jesus, No mistake, psychiatrist spirit looks simple. Mhm, mhm Yeah, Yeah, sure. B Yeah. Oh God, Okay. Mhm Uh huh Mhm It's mhm, Mhm How
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you? Um My name is Sherry.
SPEAKER_L: Sherry, nice to meet you. My name is Rebecca.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, nice to meet you. Um where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Nebraska. How about you? Okay. Yeah, so we different.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. How cold is it there right now?
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I am kind of immune to the cold, but temperature let
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: check temperature wise. It is Oh, okay, so this morning it was 21 now it is 45. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: wow. Oh okay. So do you have like your heater on all day or like?
SPEAKER_L: kind of like I am a really cold person, so I always kind of have it on or like want to be warm, but um like it's on right now, but yeah, like I'm kind of always cold.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, wow. Okay. Because I was thinking um I think in the past week it got really cold here at night, it was like 40 degrees or something, I
SPEAKER_L: More
SPEAKER_R: thought that was cold and yeah, I guess it's nothing compared to. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I am. I am, I'm pursuing graduate school here. So um that's why I'm still here, but I'm really ready to be done with.
SPEAKER_R: are you not from Nebraska originally?
SPEAKER_L: No, I am. But I sought out some, I'm actually looking to move south eventually after this for my actual career but I'm married and my husband has a good job here so um I decided or we kind of decided that it was best for us to say for now and then build up equity and income and all those
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: super fun things and then move.
SPEAKER_R: yeah you'll probably get a lot more money though elsewhere than Nebraska I mean yeah, because especially
SPEAKER_L: The.
SPEAKER_R: since graduate degree or you will have mhm.
SPEAKER_L: so I am yeah I'm going to school for a PhD in school psychology
SPEAKER_R: Night
SPEAKER_L: so yeah so I can kind of work everywhere like anywhere but there's better like there's a couple opportunities here but there's not much and um so I'm hoping to be able to go there or like move south and eventually be warm all the time. But yeah for now
SPEAKER_R: Is it strong?
SPEAKER_L: um it was supposed to snow a couple days ago but it hasn't but it snows here like it would be very rare for us to never have snow for winter. Like it will definitely snow at some point. Maybe not yet.
SPEAKER_R: so you have to have snow tires all the time?
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: Mr
SPEAKER_L: it's not that bad like we're not it's not the same way it is in Minnesota where they're like we're pretty
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: much going to school whenever because Minnesota quite a bit further north. But I mean we have snow days occasionally and
SPEAKER_R: we do.
SPEAKER_L: there are days where it's like I might like asked to work from home just because being grad student, like none of the things I do are that morning for work, like I could just do them from home I guess that was a bad way to put it, but I can do them from home, so not as big of a deal if I don't um work from home. So occasionally I'll just ask if I can work from home, but my husband has a truck and then I just have like a sedan. So sometimes it's kind of scary, but
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I've gotten used to it now so I feel fairly comfortable like driving in the snow. So it's not, it's not bad. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: love it though. What?
SPEAKER_R: uh I find it strange that I mean I'm not strange I just find it uncanny that you said you're a graduate student and none of the things you do you feel are important
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: because my husband is a P. I. And he is having a problem with a couple of his um Well he's not really a p. I. But he was in the lab for 15 years as a senior researcher and then he's having a problem with some of his students not working as much or putting their time into it. I guess they find they work from home especially with Covid and I would rather do social things rather than work and but his name is on the paper so he wants them to do the work and so I just
SPEAKER_L: sir.
SPEAKER_R: I just found it, yeah, I just wanted funny that you said that,
SPEAKER_L: I guess that was probably more of like an automatic thought because like the things I do are actually, I'm not to toot my own horn, but we
SPEAKER_R: it is important. You
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: might not.
SPEAKER_L: it is important. I like my specific job. I kind of have a million jobs honestly. But my, I am partnered with the Nebraska Department of Education. So we have this super cool, um, chart that we've basically assessed hundreds of academic behavioral, like almost any intervention that someone could name. Like we have assessed it for. Like we assess what the publisher publishes about that. And then we read the research papers and we've basically created this entire website about that. Um so that districts all over the country um can use it to make informed decisions about um what interventions they adopt in their school. Yeah, so it's really cool. But I'm just like my like my perception is important is it's like no one needs to see me for this work to get done basically.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I understand. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but it's really well. Yeah, it's it's it's exciting stuff. So we are like, we constantly are doing different stuff really um on our team, but I feel like it's a super unique opportunity. So um I
SPEAKER_R: We should
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: keep.
SPEAKER_L: it will look great on my resume that I can like name off people that I've worked with in the Department of Education in my state. Like that will be really helpful to me later on. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What year are you in in your graduate program?
SPEAKER_L: time is so weird right now, but I am a third year. So yeah, I'm just finishing up my second or first semester of my third year.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. How long do you anticipate to stay in your program?
SPEAKER_L: Most of us get done with our program five years and then a year of internship and then a year of postdocs. So. Yes, well not all of us do, but a lot of us and like school psychology is really cool because it's super applicable to like everything. Um So if we do a europe postdoc, then we can get are PhD in school site, but we can also get licenses, psychologists, so we can go do private practice and work with Children and families in a private practice. We can go work in a hospital and do more clinical work. It's a super diverse field and I wont like even as I've been in school, like I've really started to appreciate how many options I have after this, so yeah, third year, pretty much done with school, school at the end of my fifth year and then I'm hoping that I can find an internship postdoc, like they have them together so that we can move to some place and no that I will have at least those two years before we would need to ever move again, if that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes sense. So you're planning to do a post off as well?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I am, I'm hoping, I'm hoping like, so I want to work probably in like a Children's hospital. Um I don't
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: know. Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: Well that
SPEAKER_R: kind of like you know abused Children or like uh I'm inspector of psychology?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like so there is kind of um a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: new field which is called integrated care and it's the intersection of medicine and psychology. So kids who might have more chronic um illnesses or kids who have
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: mental health needs in addition to physical health needs, um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you kind of form like a team with their doctors. So um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: there are more and more places that are wanting to hire psychologists to be able to do that because we have this background in Children and families so we can work with behavior management, we can do therapy. Um And so yeah, I think I want to be at a like a Children's medical hospital and you know, I'm not sure beyond that what I want to do. I'm I'm learning therapy this year, that's kind of my like applied experience and um I've had a lot of bad luck with covid clients are hard to come by, so we offer like a reduced price clinic and it's awesome, like I'm super excited about it, I love doing it, but my for whatever reason I've had really bad luck and I haven't been able to do therapy yet this whole semester, I won't, we've been able to do like the intake with a parent and then the child the next week. So next week is my first therapy appointment ever. Yeah. And so I don't know that I love therapy, but I love it so far. And so I think that I'm really interested in like providing mental health services and some sort of medical hospital, maybe that partners with the school or school district, so I can still partially be in schools. So I'm sorry, I give really long winded answers. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Um So if I wanted, I had a hard time convincing a friend of mine to go to therapy and I didn't, I told her it worked for me and she I didn't understand. I didn't know how to tell her why she should go. I guess I guess at the time I should have said because it will make you feel better and that you can tell your innermost secrets. How would you put it as a therapist? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so this is a conversation
SPEAKER_R: it is.
SPEAKER_L: we have with parents a lot. Sometimes there's like, I've never had a parent who begrudgingly was coming to therapy so far, which I've only had two experiences. So like I said, I've never had a parent who didn't want to be there. But one thing we really talk about is, like, every person can benefit from therapy. Absolutely everyone you don't have to be in crisis, you don't have to have a mental health um diagnosis. You don't have to have a disorder to benefit from therapy. Like Number one, everyone can benefit from having someone to talk to. Um But also it there are like, there's so much time and energy that spent into researching and providing evidence based treatments for literally any experience that people have under the sun. And so one thing we really highlight is there's so much evidence to back up whatever treatment that we want to offer you. Like, one of the most popular forms of therapy um is cognitive behavioral. Um
SPEAKER_R: I am Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like, CBT like, well, if you if you've been to therapy, you've likely experienced some CBT Like when I said, like, oh, it's probably like an automatic negative thought that I said that, like, that's me. Like, as a person learning to identify automatic negative thoughts, like, seeing it myself. But they're like, like, yeah, therapy benefits everyone. You don't have to be
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: in crisis. You don't have to be even feeling sad. Sorry, my dog. But yeah. Yeah. They're put away right now, because otherwise they kind of like to jump all over me, but
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I would remind you that I love dogs.
SPEAKER_L: I'll get I'll get him out of it and see
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: if they want to say hi. But um yeah, I think it's still there's a ton of stigma around um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mental health, but again, it's just there is there are so many positive things that you can think of, like, that you can do in therapy and like, no one's perfectly content with their life and you can you can work like, if there's just like, you want to lose weight, psychology can help you with that. You don't you don't like how you react in arguments, you know like you can do so much without having a mental health diagnosis per se, so I don't know, again long winded and through, but that would be a good way to respond. And I think it always helps if you like have a recommendation of someone you've been to or if you a friend of a friend can sometimes be like helpful to convince people to go. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I guess it's hard to reconcile the fact that they have to pay for this service that they might not even think they need. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that is, I agree. Yeah. Um The clinic that I work at now is um we're like a reduced cost because we're associated with the university. Um So yeah I've you know I've been a therapy, I know it's super expensive and like we have people that also treat adults that are therapy or at the same clinic and I think sometimes it's more about just finding like spending maybe a little extra time finding something that works with
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: whatever income. Because I mean there's probably somewhere where someone needs some experience and then hold on I am gonna get her really quick. I am sorry about that.
SPEAKER_R: no that's not a problem.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh she ran upstairs so I think she thinks there's food that she because we have cats too and she yeah, we have a full house actually. I'll get the other one out. Sorry, she probably won't come out but she's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: american.
SPEAKER_R: loved
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, I think if you are even remotely close to university there's probably something low cost that they'll you know, they'll make it work.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think cost is an issue. She's just, you know, she has she's a teacher so she has quite a bit of money, it's just that she has like an attitude problem, but she's a little bit older and I thought, you know, I know therapy would benefit her, she's a little short tempered and you know, things like that and she's very quick with her students and I didn't think and I can't be around and you know she says I have friends but you know, they're not always you don't want to tell your friends all these private things necessarily, but yeah, I just wanted her to go and I just didn't know how to maybe tell her in the best way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think like now that you've been more specific like you could totally frame it as like
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: use the pandemic as a good, excuse me. Like everyone needs someone to talk to you right now and what what you're feeling and wanting to share things with people is totally reasonable and just really validate. You know like the things that she is saying while also like tying the things that she's said to why therapy would benefit her. Like that's kind of what we do as therapists like during those first couple of sessions and it's like what are your goals? Okay now I want now I'm going to tell you why therapy is going to help you based on the goals and how we can reach them.
SPEAKER_R: I say yeah I guess I had my own experience with therapy and it wasn't really fulfilling. I want the whole year but I didn't feel like we got anywhere. He just kept telling me, you know, things would be okay and I mean you're you're fine, you don't even need to come and I was like really? I don't know. Yeah I guess it depends on the therapist as well. I mean yeah. And I thought that was to have some kind of breakthrough but I never did. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've had really positive experiences and I've had therapist where I don't I just eventually didn't show up. You know I I totally understand that it really is. Um It is an art. And I will also say that people like I know that people can tell when you don't try. Like when you're not trying at something like therapy is there supposed to be an end to therapy? Like there really is. I think
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it's great that you see a therapist, but like someone who comes there like with this goal like there should be an end to that goal. You know, you can keep coming to therapy and work on new things, but it should never just be like you're not moving forward,
SPEAKER_R: I say.
SPEAKER_L: like even if it takes longer, like you're you know, you want to be working towards something because you do want to get something out of it.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. I just looked at it as like a bitch session without you know, I didn't know what to expect from it honestly. I just knew that you know and he kept he kept telling me maybe my husband is not good for me too because so I don't know and then you know I would tell my husband about it was like I don't like your therapist and so it's like yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I could see what I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah he's like well there and he his my husband's point of view is therapy is supposed to be a singular thing. It's supposed to focus on you well because it's not a marriage and family kind of type of therapy so you know I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I'll push back a little bit on what your husband said because I think there you can absolutely work on interpersonal relationships. Like one sided, as long as it's like you're every part of treatment is supposed to be um to address your client's goals. So if your client is saying, you know,
SPEAKER_R: You see.
SPEAKER_L: like I'm having these difficulties, which I'm not saying this is what you said, like I'm having.
SPEAKER_R: No it probably is. He's mirroring
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: what he said, right? That's what yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, like I'm having these difficulties maybe like, we don't see eye to eye on this or something.
SPEAKER_R: what I said. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I'm not like I haven't ever worked with an adult before, but there are absolutely things that you can do about like teaching people how to set boundaries and that still be related to relationships outside of the therapeutic relationship that you have with your therapist. So, yeah, it's like if your goal is I want this relationship to be better, help me be better in that relationship, it might include someone else, but it's still focused on you.
SPEAKER_R: I see. How does your background help you have better relationships with people?
SPEAKER_L: That's a great question. Um I would say that, you know, everyone has sort of they have the normal formative experiences of development, but I would say that relationships with family members or with friends whether that be you know seeing their struggles and or you know ways that I wish things would have been different in different relationships, I think that certain relationships like that were um pretty significant in my life and I've always kind of been someone that is a listener and always offered advice and so here I am. Yeah. Yeah. So um yeah I I don't know that it's one specific thing but um.
SPEAKER_R: Like do they come to you with you know I have a problem here is my problem. Can I talk to you about it? Do they come to you more than say your other friends who are not with don't have a psychology background more so you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I like I don't know that my like the friends that I had, most of the friends that I've had, I have, sorry, So I have friends from school from my program and for us it's more like we're all kind of learning these things at the same time and so we all feel pretty comfortable sharing like how like I'm stressed, I'm overwhelmed that sort of thing. So that's kind of how you know um sharing feelings goes in that group of friends but then like the friends that I've had from my childhood or from high school I think like for them it's been more like hey you know I'm having this experience like what do you think it's more of a friend thing and I was like I want to capitalize on those skills this is something I like doing. So I want to do it for my career.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Did you always know that you wanted to go into psychology or is it something you just fall into here?
SPEAKER_L: originally I was thinking of getting my M. D. But I'm
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: pretty bad at hard scientist. This still felt like I was doing a lot of helping and I think this just feels so natural to me whereas I had to try so hard
SPEAKER_R: Think
SPEAKER_L: and still not be very good at um um Yeah. Medicine hard sciences. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You're still in medicine. I mean mental health is a really under uh it's like the underdog of the medical world. Everyone needs it yet. No one, not a lot of people have access to it or get, you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think that um it's a great disservice done really all over the world honestly that we don't treat medicine the same way that we treat um mental health treatment or wellness. You know even within the insurance system it's like we you don't get the same coverage. You don't go to a therapist and pay the same copay off items that you would pay if you had a cold on it. The outcomes for having a cold versus having depression are way different and way more severe.
SPEAKER_R: Truth.
SPEAKER_L: I mean not always but I mean typically with a cold you recover and unfortunately a set a side effect of some of those mental health issues is loss of life or really undesirable outcomes.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Especially now with covid a lot of yeah. People.
SPEAKER_L: There's lot of isolation and you know it's it's difficult to stick to the same routines and lose out on that socialization.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Um Yeah. Um So how did you get into this um The prolific site? Are you like a I guess are you an end user? Are you like uh
SPEAKER_L: I am only
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: a survey taker at the Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I see, because it seems more like you would be on the other end of it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I definitely do um research. But um most of the research that I am even tangentially involved with at the moment takes place more so in person we don't do a ton of survey work at this time. However, for my dissertation I will likely I'm interested in using national survey data
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: been collected.
SPEAKER_R: uh when is your dissertation um scheduled or
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: suppose?
SPEAKER_L: had. Yeah. Form.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't have some question. Them graduate students, hey, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Well it's okay because most of the time people oftentimes don't understand so they don't want to annoy me or they don't want to feel dumb so they don't ask me. So you know, like even most my family asked me all the time like what I'm doing when when is the next big thing?
SPEAKER_R: Well they ask you when you're done with school. That's the
SPEAKER_L: That's yeah, that's another good one. At least I got married. So they're happy about that Like they and they know I'm in school so they won't bother me about kids which is nice. Um So next semester my advisor would like me to start finalising some questions and um come up with my committee and the next summer I'll take camps which are you familiar with them? Kind
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: of? Okay so it's like I think it's a little bit different based on what field you're in. But for us it's like we're given a prompt like a writing prompt on a certain subject and they'll be like a statistics and then usually something and then two other prompts based on your dissertation ideas. So mine might be about like development or I'm really interested in A. D. H. D. So it might be about you know development or you know things like are like psycho pathology or they might ask me about a lot of theory. So We get two weeks to answer the prompt. Very very in depth.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm sure,
SPEAKER_L: So that's like six weeks of my summer next this thing. Yeah so that and then once you past that you move from PhD student to PhD candidate all distinction. But it's there and then fourth year and 5th year are predominantly she's my dog is here by
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: the way I
SPEAKER_R: what's
SPEAKER_L: think.
SPEAKER_R: her or his or her
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: name?
SPEAKER_L: this is a girl, a girl. Her name is Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: Hi Georgia. Oh, is that a shepherd?
SPEAKER_L: She is
SPEAKER_R: Mr
SPEAKER_L: a blue heeler.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, wow, I've never heard of that breed.
SPEAKER_L: Um There are Australian cattle dogs if you've heard of that. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah so the distinction is that so she's blue so it's like the black and gray right here and then she has the black mask and then her red healers which is like the other variation all of their fur looks more like this red color on her paws, like that's the main color. And then their masks are like this dark red right here.
SPEAKER_R: How old is she?
SPEAKER_L: She's pretty small for um a healer. There's going to be more of a medium. I mean she's medium, but she's pretty skinny. She is um 2 1/2, right?
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, she's still a baby.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean she really she has a lot of puppy features and he's like my best friend.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, did you get her when she was a puppy?
SPEAKER_L: Oh my god. Yeah. Let me see if I can paint a picture. She was so cute.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, they're, they're so cute. And did you like put in your pocket when she was little?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Not that small, but uh she um yeah, she's been my best friend like since we got her,
SPEAKER_R: Do you have to walk her in the snow though? I mean when it gets really cool?
SPEAKER_L: it sounds bad, but we don't really walk them. But we played a lot outside because we have a pretty big backyard fortunately. Okay. I've almost gotten to her puppy pictures. She is literally so cute. I took so many pictures. Okay. Here is her as a pub.
SPEAKER_R: Oh she looks completely different in that picture, wow,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah a lot of difference but well like in a lot of ways she's the same. Yeah she was she is just
SPEAKER_R: adorable.
SPEAKER_L: yeah and we have another blue heeler. She's in her, she's just sleeping in her kennel though.
SPEAKER_R: Are they siblings?
SPEAKER_L: No no so um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: we got her like a few months after we started dating and living together, we got her so she is 5.5 and then Georgia we got right after we got married and she's 2.5.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So you got dogs to commemorate periods in your relationship?
SPEAKER_L: it sounds like it sounds like that and actually one of my cats was like uh she
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: was my christmas
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: present.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: very cute.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so um not intentionally but yeah we wanted to get Georgia the younger one before um I started graduate school so that I could have this summer to train her. So it just worked out because I and then we wanted to get married before graduate school really picked up so that I could spend time planning and then I really didn't. My sister did all of it but
SPEAKER_R: How does your cat get along with your dogs?
SPEAKER_L: I would say so I'm in my basement um and they don't really interact that much. Georgia would love to be their friend but they do not want to be clear friend.
SPEAKER_R: I see. So they're standoffish.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they'll kind of like slap her around and stuff and Georgia just like she thinks it's a game then. So she's like jumping around and barking
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: not helping things at all. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. Your house must be filled with so much noise at times and when you get in a good way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: have interrupted a lot of zoom calls in the last nine Earth 89 months. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's better than a crying baby though, that's for sure. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: will not not be experiencing that anytime soon. Not definitely not. What what do you do for work?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I wasn't accounting but there's not a whole lot of jobs here. We had to move from L. A. So we're kind of south towards san Diego now for my husband's job but it's not really I don't really like it here just it's kind of isolated. It's a small town. I prefer the big city so you know. Yeah I want to move I want him to find another job so we can move back.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I hope I hope you were able to do that. Um Is
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: time. Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: is okay, That's what I was just going to ask if hopefully this is just temporary and
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: then it will there be opportunities for him in a bigger city? Hopefully
SPEAKER_R: that we'll see he his industry is computational biology and statistics so.
SPEAKER_L: help. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean a lot of math there but his industry is an only certain areas so we have to think about that and yeah but my yeah so I'm happy to go wherever he is as long as he's there but you know if God forbid if something happened to him I would be out here so fast. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not a, the place I live isn't that big, I'm definitely not a big big city person, but not like L. A. Would be too much for me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it is so much traffic and so much going on.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, not doubt. But I
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: would be a bigger city that I'm in now, but I don't want to be in a small town.
SPEAKER_R: oh yeah right. Where everyone knows your business? That's a little too much to that's prying I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's like I want to have privacy, hold on. My dog is
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: about something. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah, that's another thing that constantly interrupts my zoom sessions, is she's trying to eat something.
SPEAKER_R: Well it's okay. I mean people understand, you hear zoom calls with kids running in the background so anything goes that need these days.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm just like, I can't imagine having a child
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's right.
SPEAKER_L: and trying to be a doom and like care for a child. God the
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: villa. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It totally is not that I would know because I don't have any kids, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So are you, do you ever foresee having Children?
SPEAKER_R: Um Maybe adopting, I don't know if I want to necessarily have my own Children. Um It just seems like uh it's really painful to tell you the truth. Yeah. I don't know if I have anxiety issues so I don't know if I would um be okay with that having
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: big thing come out of me.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, super, super. Um understandable. I've thought similarly. I'm like, and I also just kind of like my life the way it is, I'm I'm not someone who grew up, like there were people I know who are like their whole lives were talking about having Children and I'm just, I'm okay either way.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Exactly. I think the world is so overpopulated as it is. My child is really not going to make a difference in the D. N. A. Bucket. I mean everyone is just you know it's just it's not that important to me but
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I guess everyone feels different where some people want to leave their legacy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. For me, I just, I totally understand that for me, that's not a good enough reason to have a kid and I'm like, that's weird. Like you just like, you kind of just want to be remembered and that's why you're driving forward.
SPEAKER_R: So much and narcissistic if you ask me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I know people who like, oh, I want to pass down my name and I'm like, what do you want to be a dad? You know, like do you want both? Because if you don't don't have a kid.
SPEAKER_R: Right. The welfare of the child should be utmost not wanting to pass down your genes or your, yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I get it. Yeah. Right. Um But it seems like you have a full house right now with how many pets do you have total?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So four and I once upon a time had a rat who passed,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: she passed away uh several months ago. She was, it was, you know, it was her time. She um just she had a couple tumors actually and apparently that's really common in rats, but She so she lived a long life, she lived like 2.5 years and they live like 2-3 years. So she had a good life. Um I got her from an undergrad class where it was a learning class and you trained your rat as part of the class. Oh, there's the other dog. But um so we had her because of that.
SPEAKER_R: what's this morning?
SPEAKER_L: the little ones trying to bother her. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: Shoes, Oh my gosh, this is how she tells her she wants to play so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: everyone. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so now just for and we are happy and content with four
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Is it you
SPEAKER_L: come,
SPEAKER_R: did you say to cats?
SPEAKER_L: Yep. two cats. 2 dogs.
SPEAKER_R: So the two cats play with each other?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like sometimes I'll come upstairs and they're like cuddling it's so cute like they're like holding each other.
SPEAKER_R: that's cute. Uh I see. Um
SPEAKER_L: Do you? Oh sorry go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Well no I'm allergic to cats. We used to have a cat my husband did but we had to give them away and allergies. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_L: Is it specific to cats or is it
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: dogs war?
SPEAKER_R: no no dogs I'm okay. It's just that I found out I didn't realize that a lot of people who have allergies to cats, it's because the molecules are so tiny in cats where it's able to infiltrate your lungs whereas dogs it's bigger. So that makes sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But I did not know that, that's unfortunate but Okay. Yes. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. He had the cat trained where he would go on the bathroom
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: and just yeah
SPEAKER_L: so cool.
SPEAKER_R: I think he couldn't do was flush and so it's really convenient. No cat litter we found out he just passed away to, yeah it's okay. He lived a long life. He was a stray as well from his neighbor. And So he lived to I think it was about 16. So Yeah, 16, 4, and I don't know, something like that, so.
SPEAKER_L: I mean any of those ages are quite a while so that's awesome. Do you have are you do you want to ever have any pets like a dog or anything?
SPEAKER_R: we do, but it's been a year since we moved, and um and we're still just uh we're just getting used to this
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: house, it's the first house we bought together, so we're kind of in that still the honeymoon house phase and everything is new and we don't even have a couch on the other side yet, so um
SPEAKER_L: it's a work in progress.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, so I think the pet will just be neglected or you know, not not so much, but you know what I mean, It's just too much
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: going on
SPEAKER_L: have other stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and then with Covid, I mean, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah my sister got a puppy um since Covid started.
SPEAKER_R: whole.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah she's super sweet. I went and visited her and saw the puppy. But um that probably has a lot of um separation issues now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, she working outside now, your sister?
SPEAKER_L: My so my sister is also a graduate student. Um She's in the south and she has to work, what is it Like eight or 6 or eight hours each night um
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: pretty late. So the dog has finally gotten used to that, but my sister were planning to meet together for thanksgiving. Uh
SPEAKER_R: yes, Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Like my family is so she brought her to a day care for the dog, so it's like it's like play based, so if she's she it's not like a normal kennel, so it's really cool. But I guess the dog like is having some like intestinal reactions to the stress of being away from mom.
SPEAKER_R: I would think that the dog would love to be around other dogs normally, but. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I would think that would help things, but I don't know if it was the combination of like It was a full like eight or 12 hour day or like what it was, but when she first started going back to work at night, she had a like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: a gi upset episode when my sister started going back to work the dog did. Um So yeah, I think she's just kind of sensitive to my sister being away. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's poor thing. Poor puppy.
SPEAKER_L: My sister is going to bring her to daycare a couple more times before the trip to like acclimated her.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so she's not bringing the dog on the trip?
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm kind of sad about it, but she doesn't want her to just be locked up in her cage either. So
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: because she's not like if we want to go, you know, do something, she's not really like able to do those things I guess. Like she wouldn't be able to have us to take a super long hike because she's still a puppy.
SPEAKER_R: I see. Okay
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: should just be more work kind of,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We have to plan things around being able to take her to the bathroom or you know what have you.
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of like having a baby, it's not as much work but it's still a lot of work,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, it totally is. And
SPEAKER_R: she's crying all the time and she needs to be fed and she's always wanting to chew things, I mean that's a lot of work.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know my sister has called because this is so both of my dogs were my first dogs, so because our family, yeah, so our
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: our our family only had cats growing up.
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: So I kind of learned how to do this. And then, so when she was looking for a dog, she wanted help looking for the dog. And then, so now she wants, you know, advice as the dogs growing up. So she's called me multiple times. Like, hey can you please help you?
SPEAKER_R: Well that's great. Does she have the same type of breed as well?
SPEAKER_L: She has a rescue I think um she's like maybe a little bit of pit bull and then retriever mix.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So she's like a super sweet, kind loving dog. Super pretty. She's like a golden copper color so she's really pretty and sweet but
SPEAKER_R: They they must tear up your yard, your dogs like
SPEAKER_L: all right our dogs
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: aren't really bad but actually the small dog is tearing something up right now but it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: so you can't leave anything around like shoes
SPEAKER_L: really loves cardboard so that's what she's ripping up right now. I think she likes to be able to destroy like to destroy things. I think that's what it is. Um And she had been eyeing the cardboard earlier so I kind of knew it was going to happen but there you know we really haven't had much of a problem with like shoes or other things. It's just cardboard.
SPEAKER_R: I had I don't know if your dog will or may do this but I had a coworker who had a golden retriever mix and she would go when when my coworker was gone for work she would go into the bathroom, take the toilet paper out and want to just chew on the cardboard not the toilet paper but just the car. So she I don't know how she would do it but she would just take the cardboard out and leave the toilet paper and just chew on it like your dog is so it's similar testing these.
SPEAKER_L: Um she definitely she doesn't do that per se. No one I don't trust them. So they go in their kennels like when we're con. But um yeah they're just they are a breed that you know I feel bad about it but there breathe that if
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: you come alone like they they will like the house would be turned upside down.
SPEAKER_R: I get it yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah so we don't leave them out. I wish we could. I really do but I think no matter how much training like they would always eventually get bored and two on things with how much were gone
SPEAKER_R: Maybe
SPEAKER_L: But okay.
SPEAKER_R: when they're young but when they're older they'll probably like mellow out hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know especially with the lads they just caused lots of freaking trouble. Like we'll chase the cats around
SPEAKER_R: Problem uh pork
SPEAKER_L: or they
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: I mean like the cats are okay they don't get hurt but they just like kind of tear. Right?
SPEAKER_R: stressful you know Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they're they're like this and the dogs are.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it gives the cats a chance to have you know the house to themselves. I think that's part of you know that part is nice as well. Um Yeah. Yeah but she she does like to take her up toilet paper rolls. She like after their use will recycle them but she pulls them out of the trash and like or sorry, she pulls him out of the recycling because it's like a tub rather than like a tall been. So yeah, she'll pull them out and rip them up.
SPEAKER_R: Even though she has she probably has toys.
SPEAKER_L: There's lots of toys, lots of toys and they destroy like all the toys we get them because they're really strong.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah wow. So they go for the car board? Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that one she I mean she will go for anything she could destroy quite honestly. She just is and I think like I definitely I know that she partially does it for attention fishing. There was if she has something in her mouth I'm probably going to try to take it from her
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: pretty smart.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, like like if I'm on zoom for a long time sometimes she'll like run upstairs, grab some like cardboard and run back downstairs with it to get my attention. And I'm just like, yeah, you got it.
SPEAKER_R: Uh That's cute. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think, I don't know. That's kind of my life is dogs in school.
SPEAKER_R: Well it's it's certainly um not as stressful as most people have it. I mean you get to stay home with your doggies and your cat and it's great and you get to do something you love. So.
SPEAKER_L: I'm super lucky. I wasn't, I never had to fear about um, like losing my paychecks or you know, not having work um
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: outside of the normal bounds of graduate school. So that's been really, I've been really lucky and in those ways for sure.
SPEAKER_R: an off topic. But do most people in your area are they biden supporters are trump supporters in?
SPEAKER_L: Um, most people in my area are trump supporters. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh I see.
SPEAKER_L: my, um, my state is one of the two. Um, but bicameral legislatures or whatever, whatever. So we have our electoral votes are not winner take all. So Yeah. Yeah. So Biden one Omaha, which is not where I am, But Biden won one electoral college vote in Omaha.
SPEAKER_R: You know this?
SPEAKER_L: However, he, there was one other one that he can pick up that's a single and that's Lincoln and he didn't get that and then he didn't get the rest of Nebraska which made up three. So yeah, I am a Biden supporter. Um Yeah. Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: but um area to just like you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's why I rolled my eyes because there's no reason that a college town should not.
SPEAKER_R: exactly I agree.
SPEAKER_L: What the hell is wrong with all of you.
SPEAKER_R: I guess it's just a small town I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Or is this like medium? I mean you can probably, you could figure it out. They said everything I've said like where
SPEAKER_R: Come.
SPEAKER_L: I'm at, it's fine. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: No I can't actually so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah, I'm just like at least
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: the one that's all that matters.
SPEAKER_R: well yeah well not if trump will have his way. My husband just wanting to watch the trump getting kicked out of the White House and all that stuff. That's
SPEAKER_L: that will
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: did.
SPEAKER_L: the most beautiful experience ever.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. He's totally inappropriate, but it's very he's very entertaining to watch to say the least.
SPEAKER_L: Like I will say that now that we beat him, I feel so differently about his Bs. Like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: had.
SPEAKER_L: don't care, I don't care what you do or say because you're not going to win nothing you say right now, like you've lost. I don't and you can trick your supporters all you want, but we want like so yeah, now it's more like that's what you're going with really.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It feels really good. He was just turning our country into a forest of, you know. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And in so many ways like no nations respected us and like He like to think that he like actually in 2020, like normalized racism is like
SPEAKER_R: I call
SPEAKER_L: disgusting
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: this thing to me. And I am like, okay, biden was not my first choice by any means. Like I originally wanted Elizabeth warren to win or I really actually did like Kamala Harris as well, like as a as a as a presidential candidate, so not my first choice, but I think we're on a better path to hopefully. Um he'll some divides for a variety of topics.
SPEAKER_R: He's a little bit old and um Kamala Harris might very well be the first non elected female president and yeah, his health is not great. So,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I said, he's not my first choice, but I think that this election has really clouded like some of the positive aspects of Biden in a way because it's been so overshadowed was just trying to beat trump or like, oh, we're back in the same position where they both suck and it's like, but biden doesn't suck the way trump,
SPEAKER_R: No, no. Yeah, trump
SPEAKER_L: you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: He thinks that no one should say in public
SPEAKER_L: Like he and
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: it's like they try to say this stuff where it's like, You know, Biden's a pedophile or something, it's like, sorry, who has 26 sexual assault allegations? I'm not saying biden always act like there have been times super inappropriate and you know, not really an excuse for it, but like we have a man who's paid people off when there was sexual assault allegations and we're going to complain about by then right now at
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, I don't think you want any votes with women at all. Oh
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I honestly, I think it was as close as it was because um of the issue of abortion, Like I think that's why it was such a close race because trump sucks. But in some people's mind, I think like they would they can't support a candidate who is pro choice.
SPEAKER_R: I can't even believe that's an issue in 2020,
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: like, it's not it's not your choice. We don't we don't legislate men. Like if they have a certain number of kids or something like we or we don't say, you know, the men have to take care of the baby or something. No, you put like this country punishes women perhaps
SPEAKER_R: It's a
SPEAKER_L: baby while they're pregnant, then they punish them again afterwards. And then throughout the baby's life they're a drain on the economy or drain on society there judge super harshly. And it's like when a woman makes a decision for her own body, that's also a problem. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like it's it's not even like pro life, it's just pro birth, like you don't want to help anyone, you just want to control them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's really easy to say when you're you've never had that experience. What if you were like impregnated while you're rape, you don't necessarily want to have the baby or you feel like you should have to have the baby, you know from your rapist. I mean that's a really horrible situation.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. And like so I went to a catholic school growing up and I don't necessarily like I don't really have any religious beliefs anymore, but we didn't even talk about that as part of being pro life, it was just like, no, every baby should have a chance at life. And it's like, yeah, the rape thing is a huge thing. That is such a like that's such a horrible thing to expect a woman to do out of something that was not her choice. It's I mean yeah, it's crazy and it's
SPEAKER_R: Arts
SPEAKER_L: not like it's not like anyone is stepping up for those babies, like
SPEAKER_R: here in.
SPEAKER_L: you want you want people to have those babies, but are these same people that want to like pray in front of the um abortion clinics? Are they also in line at the adoption agency? No?
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Yeah. Someone has to pay for nine months of feeding the baby, nurturing the baby. And it's just yeah. It's not your choice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's not your choice. And it's not even your business because you don't want anything to do with that baby once it's born, you just want to make sure that it is for.
SPEAKER_R: I've just come to the realization that people are just brainwashed from ages ago by men and they just, I don't know, It goes back to religion. Religion is the root of all evil I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: think. I don't
SPEAKER_L: swear. No, I I am like, really? I'm right there with you. I'm like, you guys are crazy
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I mean, how many wars have been about religion a lot of?
SPEAKER_L: all over the country.
SPEAKER_R: All right. It's always about religion.
SPEAKER_L: And guess what? Guess? Guess how the even like, think about the history of this country, slave owners were protestant, you know, white landowning men. So God wanted you to be a slave owner. Okay. I don't think you can really hide behind religion, and that's what we've done for hundreds of years and thousands of years across this planet is just insane.
SPEAKER_R: It is. I just feel like the laws of this land are so antiquated and it's just favoring the white male, it's just yeah, it's crazy. It needs to be revised slowly. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And I like I said, I don't think biden is perfect, but I feel like biden is still the most progressive candidate for president we'll ever we've ever had. So and the fact that we have Camilla too, she it's a woman of color. She can absolutely start like for those people who who are more like I voted for trump but I'll listen whoever is, you know, whoever won, you know, I'll respect that those are the type of people that she can reach out to as someone who is more moderate but is a woman of color who has actually experienced the impact of racism as it is today and how it's been for hundreds of years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It seems unbelievable that we're still talking about this in 2020, but I guess not a whole lot of things have changed just in the exterior. It seems like it has that people still have these ingrained feelings of racism inside that they just don't voice as much maybe. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think, I think that a lot of it has become to the point where it's like it's systemic and so even if you don't like people of color like systems have taken care of putting people down for you that you don't even have to say it out loud. You can go along with whatever is already happening,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I agree.
SPEAKER_L: which is also just crazy. Yeah. I can't, I can't believe where we are in this country. We're supposed to be like the leaders of the world and yet we treat people of color like trash sometimes. That's crazy. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um are you on, it's 1:00 hair, what time is it there?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So I'm, I am central so it's three here. But we,
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: yeah, we made it.
SPEAKER_R: yes we did actually I think um yeah we went over, I don't
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: definitely didn't get over, but it was a great conversation.
SPEAKER_R: it was, it totally was yeah, kind of sad that I won't be able to see you again.
SPEAKER_L: I know it was really great to meet you
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: harry.
SPEAKER_R: was great. Yeah. No, same here Rebecca, it was it was awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was awesome to like talk like the last time I think we just talked about really basic things, but it was really cool that like my last partner, but it was great to like really get into my like our personal beliefs and everything. I was awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Is this your second time?
SPEAKER_L: This is my second time doing it.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, this is my first so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My first one was like a couple of days ago, so it's still kind of new, but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool. I see. Um Okay, well it was really nice meeting you and it was you know, it was a little bright spot in the part of my day, it was really enjoyable talking to someone and I'm so glad you're not british or you know, not that british people are wrong but it's just nice to speak to another americans sometimes, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I agree. No, it was great. It was great to talk and get to know one another. I really appreciated it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, I I did too, it was really nice meeting your doggies, your first. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: already well, good luck I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. And you two good luck on your dissertation and I'm sure you'll do well. You're very well spoken young lady and you'll do fine. You'll do great things.
SPEAKER_L: Well, thank you. I hope, I hope very soon you get to be somewhere that you love again and you get your dog eventually as well.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too.
SPEAKER_R: You have a
SPEAKER_L: All right.