Hi,
I'm good, how are you? Um My name is Sherry.
Oh, nice to meet you. Um where are you from?
Yeah. Yeah. How cold is it there right now?
Thank
you.
wow. Oh okay. So do you have like your heater on all day or like?
Yeah, wow. Okay. Because I was thinking um I think in the past week it got really cold here at night, it was like 40 degrees or something, I
thought that was cold and yeah, I guess it's nothing compared to. Yeah. Mhm.
are you not from Nebraska originally?
So
yeah you'll probably get a lot more money though elsewhere than Nebraska I mean yeah, because especially
since graduate degree or you will have mhm.
Night
Is it strong?
so you have to have snow tires all the time?
Mr
just
we do.
Thank you.
I
actually
uh I find it strange that I mean I'm not strange I just find it uncanny that you said you're a graduate student and none of the things you do you feel are important
because my husband is a P. I. And he is having a problem with a couple of his um Well he's not really a p. I. But he was in the lab for 15 years as a senior researcher and then he's having a problem with some of his students not working as much or putting their time into it. I guess they find they work from home especially with Covid and I would rather do social things rather than work and but his name is on the paper so he wants them to do the work and so I just
I just found it, yeah, I just wanted funny that you said that,
it is important. You
might not.
Yeah, I understand. Yeah.
We should
keep.
What year are you in in your graduate program?
Okay. How long do you anticipate to stay in your program?
Yeah, that makes sense. So you're planning to do a post off as well?
What
like
kind of like you know abused Children or like uh I'm inspector of psychology?
Yeah.
The
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Okay. Um So if I wanted, I had a hard time convincing a friend of mine to go to therapy and I didn't, I told her it worked for me and she I didn't understand. I didn't know how to tell her why she should go. I guess I guess at the time I should have said because it will make you feel better and that you can tell your innermost secrets. How would you put it as a therapist? Yeah,
it is.
I am Okay.
What?
Oh, I would remind you that I love dogs.
It's
Yeah, there is. Yeah.
Well, I guess it's hard to reconcile the fact that they have to pay for this service that they might not even think they need. So. Yeah.
and
no that's not a problem.
I
loved
I don't think cost is an issue. She's just, you know, she has she's a teacher so she has quite a bit of money, it's just that she has like an attitude problem, but she's a little bit older and I thought, you know, I know therapy would benefit her, she's a little short tempered and you know, things like that and she's very quick with her students and I didn't think and I can't be around and you know she says I have friends but you know, they're not always you don't want to tell your friends all these private things necessarily, but yeah, I just wanted her to go and I just didn't know how to maybe tell her in the best way.
Well.
I say yeah I guess I had my own experience with therapy and it wasn't really fulfilling. I want the whole year but I didn't feel like we got anywhere. He just kept telling me, you know, things would be okay and I mean you're you're fine, you don't even need to come and I was like really? I don't know. Yeah I guess it depends on the therapist as well. I mean yeah. And I thought that was to have some kind of breakthrough but I never did. Yeah.
What?
I say.
Right. Right. I just looked at it as like a bitch session without you know, I didn't know what to expect from it honestly. I just knew that you know and he kept he kept telling me maybe my husband is not good for me too because so I don't know and then you know I would tell my husband about it was like I don't like your therapist and so it's like yeah.
Yeah he's like well there and he his my husband's point of view is therapy is supposed to be a singular thing. It's supposed to focus on you well because it's not a marriage and family kind of type of therapy so you know I guess. Yeah.
You see.
No it probably is. He's mirroring
what he said, right? That's what yeah.
what I said. Yeah,
I see. How does your background help you have better relationships with people?
Like do they come to you with you know I have a problem here is my problem. Can I talk to you about it? Do they come to you more than say your other friends who are not with don't have a psychology background more so you know.
Mhm. Did you always know that you wanted to go into psychology or is it something you just fall into here?
What?
Think
You're still in medicine. I mean mental health is a really under uh it's like the underdog of the medical world. Everyone needs it yet. No one, not a lot of people have access to it or get, you know. Yeah.
Truth.
Oh yeah. Especially now with covid a lot of yeah. People.
Right. Right. Um Yeah. Um So how did you get into this um The prolific site? Are you like a I guess are you an end user? Are you like uh
it's
I see, because it seems more like you would be on the other end of it.
I see.
What
uh when is your dissertation um scheduled or
suppose?
I didn't have some question. Them graduate students, hey, I'm sorry.
Well they ask you when you're done with school. That's the
I'm
Oh, I'm sure,
Hi,
what's
her or his or her
name?
Hi Georgia. Oh, is that a shepherd?
Mr
Oh, wow, I've never heard of that breed.
Yeah. Okay.
How old is she?
Oh wow, she's still a baby.
Oh, did you get her when she was a puppy?
Oh yeah, they're, they're so cute. And did you like put in your pocket when she was little?
Do you have to walk her in the snow though? I mean when it gets really cool?
Oh she looks completely different in that picture, wow,
adorable.
Are they siblings?
Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. So you got dogs to commemorate periods in your relationship?
Mhm.
It's
that's
very cute.
How does your cat get along with your dogs?
I see. So they're standoffish.
or
Oh wow. Your house must be filled with so much noise at times and when you get in a good way. Yeah.
It's better than a crying baby though, that's for sure. Mhm.
Um Well I wasn't accounting but there's not a whole lot of jobs here. We had to move from L. A. So we're kind of south towards san Diego now for my husband's job but it's not really I don't really like it here just it's kind of isolated. It's a small town. I prefer the big city so you know. Yeah I want to move I want him to find another job so we can move back.
it's
time. Sorry.
Well
that we'll see he his industry is computational biology and statistics so.
Yeah I mean a lot of math there but his industry is an only certain areas so we have to think about that and yeah but my yeah so I'm happy to go wherever he is as long as he's there but you know if God forbid if something happened to him I would be out here so fast. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah it is so much traffic and so much going on.
we're
oh yeah right. Where everyone knows your business? That's a little too much to that's prying I think. Yeah.
No.
Well it's okay. I mean people understand, you hear zoom calls with kids running in the background so anything goes that need these days.
Yeah. That's right.
Yeah.
Yeah. It totally is not that I would know because I don't have any kids, but yeah.
Um Maybe adopting, I don't know if I want to necessarily have my own Children. Um It just seems like uh it's really painful to tell you the truth. Yeah. I don't know if I have anxiety issues so I don't know if I would um be okay with that having
big thing come out of me.
Right. Exactly. I think the world is so overpopulated as it is. My child is really not going to make a difference in the D. N. A. Bucket. I mean everyone is just you know it's just it's not that important to me but
I guess everyone feels different where some people want to leave their legacy.
So much and narcissistic if you ask me. Yeah.
Right. The welfare of the child should be utmost not wanting to pass down your genes or your, yeah
I get it. Yeah. Right. Um But it seems like you have a full house right now with how many pets do you have total?
Oh my gosh. Uh huh.
what's this morning?
Uh
everyone. Yeah.
Yeah. Is it you
did you say to cats?
So the two cats play with each other?
that's cute. Uh I see. Um
Well no I'm allergic to cats. We used to have a cat my husband did but we had to give them away and allergies. Yeah. But
no
no no dogs I'm okay. It's just that I found out I didn't realize that a lot of people who have allergies to cats, it's because the molecules are so tiny in cats where it's able to infiltrate your lungs whereas dogs it's bigger. So that makes sense. Yeah.
Yeah. He had the cat trained where he would go on the bathroom
and just yeah
I think he couldn't do was flush and so it's really convenient. No cat litter we found out he just passed away to, yeah it's okay. He lived a long life. He was a stray as well from his neighbor. And So he lived to I think it was about 16. So Yeah, 16, 4, and I don't know, something like that, so.
we do, but it's been a year since we moved, and um and we're still just uh we're just getting used to this
house, it's the first house we bought together, so we're kind of in that still the honeymoon house phase and everything is new and we don't even have a couch on the other side yet, so um
Yeah. Yeah, so I think the pet will just be neglected or you know, not not so much, but you know what I mean, It's just too much
going on
and then with Covid, I mean, Yeah,
whole.
Yeah. Oh, she working outside now, your sister?
wow.
yes, Yes.
I would think that the dog would love to be around other dogs normally, but. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
that's poor thing. Poor puppy.
Oh so she's not bringing the dog on the trip?
I
I see. Okay
should just be more work kind of,
it's kind of like having a baby, it's not as much work but it's still a lot of work,
she's crying all the time and she needs to be fed and she's always wanting to chew things, I mean that's a lot of work.
No
I see.
Well that's great. Does she have the same type of breed as well?
Yeah. Oh that's interesting.
They they must tear up your yard, your dogs like
they
so you can't leave anything around like shoes
I had I don't know if your dog will or may do this but I had a coworker who had a golden retriever mix and she would go when when my coworker was gone for work she would go into the bathroom, take the toilet paper out and want to just chew on the cardboard not the toilet paper but just the car. So she I don't know how she would do it but she would just take the cardboard out and leave the toilet paper and just chew on it like your dog is so it's similar testing these.
no
I get it yeah.
Maybe
when they're young but when they're older they'll probably like mellow out hopefully.
Problem uh pork
it.
stressful you know Yeah
they're they're like this and the dogs are.
Even though she has she probably has toys.
Yeah wow. So they go for the car board? Uh
that's
pretty smart.
Uh That's cute. Yeah. Yeah.
Well it's it's certainly um not as stressful as most people have it. I mean you get to stay home with your doggies and your cat and it's great and you get to do something you love. So.
yeah
an off topic. But do most people in your area are they biden supporters are trump supporters in?
Oh I see.
You know this?
but um area to just like you.
exactly I agree.
I guess it's just a small town I don't know. Yeah.
Come.
No I can't actually so. Yeah.
Yeah.
If
well yeah well not if trump will have his way. My husband just wanting to watch the trump getting kicked out of the White House and all that stuff. That's
it
did.
Uh huh. Yeah. He's totally inappropriate, but it's very he's very entertaining to watch to say the least.
I
had.
Yeah. It feels really good. He was just turning our country into a forest of, you know. Yeah,
I call
it
He's a little bit old and um Kamala Harris might very well be the first non elected female president and yeah, his health is not great. So,
No, no. Yeah, trump
He thinks that no one should say in public
people.
But yeah, I don't think you want any votes with women at all. Oh
yeah.
I can't even believe that's an issue in 2020,
you
know.
It's a
Yeah.
Yeah. It's really easy to say when you're you've never had that experience. What if you were like impregnated while you're rape, you don't necessarily want to have the baby or you feel like you should have to have the baby, you know from your rapist. I mean that's a really horrible situation.
So
Arts
here in.
Exactly. Yeah. Someone has to pay for nine months of feeding the baby, nurturing the baby. And it's just yeah. It's not your choice.
I've just come to the realization that people are just brainwashed from ages ago by men and they just, I don't know, It goes back to religion. Religion is the root of all evil I
think. I don't
yeah. I mean, how many wars have been about religion a lot of?
All right. It's always about religion.
It is. I just feel like the laws of this land are so antiquated and it's just favoring the white male, it's just yeah, it's crazy. It needs to be revised slowly. Yes.
It seems unbelievable that we're still talking about this in 2020, but I guess not a whole lot of things have changed just in the exterior. It seems like it has that people still have these ingrained feelings of racism inside that they just don't voice as much maybe. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I agree.
Mhm. Um are you on, it's 1:00 hair, what time is it there?
I was
yes we did actually I think um yeah we went over, I don't
know.
it was, it totally was yeah, kind of sad that I won't be able to see you again.
it
was great. Yeah. No, same here Rebecca, it was it was awesome.
Is this your second time?
Okay, this is my first so
Oh that's cool. I see. Um Okay, well it was really nice meeting you and it was you know, it was a little bright spot in the part of my day, it was really enjoyable talking to someone and I'm so glad you're not british or you know, not that british people are wrong but it's just nice to speak to another americans sometimes, you know?
Oh no, I I did too, it was really nice meeting your doggies, your first. Uh huh.
So.
yeah. And you two good luck on your dissertation and I'm sure you'll do well. You're very well spoken young lady and you'll do fine. You'll do great things.
Okay. Yeah. Thank you so much.
You have a