well, yes, but it wasn't always the way it was a tough world brady is there right now because that had to happen this way. Right? It had to Exactly right. It was all for God it was prefers that just gotta sit when it was brady and through it all back together right to the 10 7. Its top. Whoa. It just seems like it's getting better every week. Watch out, everybody is looking better point right now. All the young and rest regular police season goodbye touchdown. Back receiver Hello, tied for second, brady to scotty miller for 33 yards here and it's gone. But block. Wait, there's another guy who doesn't worry about scotty miller great to just throw the ball down the field perfectly lately so the Raiders should try and come back Down 14 pitch card default. Half the horse playing next. Waiting for the rain was a great addition to the team and derek parts before aggressive, passively. Here's one more than Jared water is going to check that with the introduction of the Raiders offensive lighthouse because for most of the week, they, but, but tom I don't know the way he runs the pros. Still, it's better now than he was 10 years ago. Were 69 for its contract right back down. 11 intercepted by antoine Winfield Jr here this car was in some pain. He got download final minutes. His great and Tyler Johnson catches drew Brees most passing touchdowns in NFL history by 50% of the building to break that record. But it was there is the buccaneers win 45 20. Don't. In fact, you mentioned antonia probably replace Floria with like that is going to be an interesting addition to watch for the next six or seven, but you got to sit down and it absolutely will be here to keep in mind though. It's clear to recharge from a suspension after week eight. There's still a civil lawsuit for sexual assault that he didn't go to trial in december. The league will be monitoring. The team will be monitoring. He could still face further action. I asked him Jordan, the Saints defensive end what he thinks about Antonio Brown on the bus. They played two weeks sunday night football camp. Jordan said he's got to make it the week nine trucks, one second guys on the mission, Antonio Brown with him. Well, watch out. It's an insurance on this thing. But it's just also just another question concerns because they got, it was already very real.
I'm
married by the way. Okay.
America.
Yeah. Sorry. My computer kind of sucks. So it might be mine too.
I know how that is and sucks.
I actually just moved to Tennessee. I was from philadelphia right?
I was pretty much
right down the street that, yeah, moved about 17 days ago.
Yeah. Mm hmm. What's that?
It's
nice. It's just, I'm not used to it. I'm not used to everything being half hour, 45 minutes away.
I'm used to walking
out my
door and everything before I need right next to me.
Yeah, that's pretty
much, yeah.
Yeah, I got sick of it. I mean, I like having everything right there value, but it's not,
that's not a real
good area everywhere.
Yeah. I mean it's really nice down here. I just don't like having to drive everywhere so far. That's the only thing I don't think about it,
All
Oh yeah, it's
definitely real nice. But just,
we,
yeah, I am um, Like 20 minutes north of Knoxville, right on the border of Kentucky, right on the border Kentucky, you have five minutes from there, so, But yeah, I mean the closest things like at least 25, 30 minutes away. I'm just not used to that.
Watch.
All
I mean that's the way the stuff is down here. It's just so far away. I don't know. I guess. I'll figure it out. It's just everything's
new to
I'm
so
long.
I'm not looking forward to that of its nose.
Oh, that's
all around me is mountains. Mm hmm.
That's probably about a half hour. I'm right
on, on right on like 33 and 25. So the river across me and that mountains on the other side of me
Shell.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I hope
now,
but
No.
Yeah. I mean we got lucky to have it snowed for the past like four years around there. Yeah
so
we
got lucky
you guys get more snow than we got. We got nothing. Yeah.
No I just wanted I just need to get
out of there we
need
to
get out
of pennsylvania.
I mean everything was still closed around there. I mean it's ridiculous.
Everything
down just everything down here is wide open like nothing happened church. I
just I couldn't
take the lines in the stores because everything is closed shelves being empty when you need some stupid little thing. I couldn't take it. Yeah.
yeah they the shelves were empty like walmart target you couldn't find anything grocery store almost everything was gone. I mean it was ridiculous you couldn't
find
no.
What?
Well, I suppose I just getting a lot worse than it was, so I'm sure it's going
to be moving.
do that. They're gonna have a real problem.
People
through that again.
right. You know, they
stop everybody's unemployment to the extra money. They're not nobody spend
any money anymore. So now all the businesses that grow in the hell again because they
don't want,
they don't want to get people their money again, so.
nope.
I mean,
female,
The
only thing is going to change if trump goes away, it might becomes president, then they're going to control the plane and they have no choice.
You look through it. So, but if trump gets elected again, that's pretty much bye bye for everybody's money.
But yeah,
next
week. It's only like a week away now. Yeah.
All
No.
I'm not
I mean, that's all you can do every day. Everything changes so. Uh huh.
Everyone.
I know. I know.
If
Yeah, I know.
I know. They don't care, you know, just stop
unemployment, stuff like that. They don't get it. They don't care all they care
about Elton, what happens in the election this and that. That's all they care about. Stupid lady being voted for santa next week. That's all they really care about. They don't care about anything else.
No
the Supreme Court or whatever are
supposed
to
be voting
to make that that's all they care about. They don't give a shit
about it.
They
care
about
themselves.
All
I'm
not.
Everything.
I don't I don't know I don't know when they're going to announce and honestly with all these mail in voters.
Mhm.
Fine.
Different.
they're both
going to claim so much fraud to be either one that loses. So they're both next day
it's all fraud. Like I saw freaking
google home page today they're saying people in florida we're getting letters in with their things saying vote republican and getting fired. No
it
was it was on the google news day today, I'm looking like is this a joke
and
She,
hmm.
What?
All
I don't even watch the news anymore because it's just
same day,
one
day, one day, tell you the exact opposite the next day. I'm like, what the hell is the point? Even watch the news anymore? All right.
People
please,
I just can't wait. The election's over. All this. Most of this crap will go away with what he did if he did that. Like who cares, its prey
on anyways.
Mm
conclusion. Yeah. That can't be easy to give yourself a tattoo
just the way.
No.
You can't even trust professionals anymore. I had to
done two different guys and they messed both of them up and I paid professional guys of tattoo shops. They're both in both of them. They messed up. Mhm. Mhm.
Never.
And it sucks because it's not like you're gonna
raise
and fix it, not like you're gonna raise it and fix it. So like what do you do now?
And
even the cover, even to cover it up, most other artists don't want to mess with with something somebody else did. Mhm.
Mhm
I would miss when a guy got Donny looking and I'm like, dude, these areas, I'm like, this thing is also what do you want me to do with this? Dude?
I
know,
I wasn't
Oh, it was with simple lines. He's got one line a quarter inch bigger than the other one going around a circle. I'm like, dude, I could have done a better job than that myself. I
that's
what
I thought.
I mean
like it was it was a legitimate shop, he was in Claymont Delaware and a like storefront shop. Mhm.
he was actually working in a tattoo shop before other people and he
screwed with
all
his, screw them both up.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was pissed. But I mean, what can I do about it's already done. I'm not he did this. It's not like I'm gonna say fix it because you're probably gonna screw it up, work out the first time.
Yeah. That's what I'm saying. They screw
with
that.
They're
gonna
screw
it up. Oh no, I don't get none. Yeah.
Even
if
it doesn't even if it doesn't, it wears out of bed so your tattoo doesn't wear off.
Hard to find somebody trust. Honestly.
You don't like you don't know how well they're going to do something.
Good.
Especially since they were closed for so long. I was a problem with me. Most of them had eight month waiting lists
after they were closed for six months or whatever. The government closed them down
for.
I mean, you know, they were doing in their house for people they know,
but
No.
I
mean
they screwed a lot of people by showing them business down. A lot of people lost their businesses.
Oh yeah. A lot of haircutting salon and stuff like that. There.
Gone.
Then you
got
and you got people
disagree to go in your shop, so you're losing business that way. So,
I'm
sorry.
What?
No,
How are you? Yeah.
Right.
Well,
when you many clothes,
everything?
Shit, They didn't reopen stuff around me to drink in june.
They closed everything.
They closed everything the beginning of March and we didn't reopen at the end of june or july.
We
were one of the last ones.
Okay.
I
think you're
Your
this whole situation is just out of control.
No,
no, not any time soon.
They're saying you got to get to vaccines even for it to even start working two shots
of it.
No,
they have no idea what the side effects are. Long term,
anything like
that.
I don't
know anything.
Okay. Everybody's
different. One person will be fine. Next person to die from it. Who the hell knows?
Mhm.
What
are
you
doing?
Why now?
that's
what
they say. They're one of the Walmarts down here to close it for three days are like, oh, we're just doing a super cleaning job with a whole store. I'm like, okay, you don't want to tell people that's going around your store.
just
close
the
whole
super super walmart with the grocery store and everything in it for three days for nothing, just to clean
it.
Yeah. They don't want to tell somebody that's going around the store, the employees have it or whatever.
All
Well,
thank you, nice talking
here. All
thank you
Youtube.