I'm good second.
I'm
sorry.
Oh, I'm christmas, sorry, hard for me to hear. I apologize.
No, that's okay. I am getting over a sinus infection so my ears are a little clogged, so
does definitely, What part of the country are you from?
Oh, okay. I live in Harrisburg. Yeah.
Well
wow, that's quite a life. That's quite a, quite a change. Do you like Tennessee?
I
said do you like Tennessee,
Are
you in one
hour?
Yeah. My brother and sister in law lived in love in town and then they moved to north Carolina to two years ago.
They
they got sick of Philly and we're done,
I don't have a lot of family there, but it's it's expensive, very expensive. And they, my brother in law was an architect and he just said he worked in Trenton. Yeah.
All
Uh No. So he just decided it's let's just try and set up shop in another state and see how this goes. So, and it's surprising the area they're in is booming. So
I went to Tennessee I guess
in june I've been there for the first time. It was very pretty. It was nice.
The little area I was in.
You have to be rural if you're far from anything because there's there's
I guess there's I mean Tennessee is a pretty more rural state, a lot of it.
Yeah I can I can understand I grew up that way and it's the nearest Mcdonald's like
35 minutes away. So that was a big deal as a kid
going to McDonald's because it was like you didn't we didn't go often because it was too far and it's expensive.
Well
you should have a
different
winner
though and what you're used to
I don't you know I don't know how what there are you are you are you in you're not in the mountains, are you in the mountains? You
are?
Because I was down to um, Gatlinburg, which is how far from you.
Is that?
Yeah. I could see
that being ugly come wintertime.
I
mean, not
that Philly was ever good either. I mean, they're
not good about Cleveland.
No, that's that's that's
true.
That's true. That's
true.
We've had last year was nothing. I think that you're too before. That was not much. I mean, it's not It's it's it's funky because it's like the way the lions are, you could be 20 minutes and it's seven or 8 more. It's just the way the yeah, the climate is, which is odd. But did you have a job change
just
to
the
left
and
now? That's that's that's a
it is. It is. It's
well, the mask.
It's
it's,
yeah. I don't know how it was gonna say. I don't know how Philly was during Covid, but I know, I mean, here wasn't wasn't super great. So,
well,
I have to eat gluten free um for medical
reasons and I'd order stuff online because you couldn't even find anything and you know, and this isn't a choice I have or I suffer and it's like, that's not worth it. You know, and finding stuff. I mean, you could find stuff, but if you would be like, okay, you're less preferred of, here's my options. This is really what I don't want. But, you
know, I'll make do. Yeah, it's it's interesting. I don't know what this winter is going to hold. So I'm
it
is here notice. It is worse. It is worse. But they haven't said anything. So I don't know what that will mean. You know, we're back to lockdown like in the spring or for gonna I don't know.
Well
the
problem is financially you know a lot of the places You know or even still probably teetering on the brink of collapse and that will kill them 100%
then.
I know
and
there
and there's no federal help either
so at least on the horizon anyway um
You
know who knows? It depends how the election pays out plays out. Excuse me. But you know that potentially could change something. Who knows?
But
we'll pass it right away. We'll pass it
Mhm. I agreed
Yeah
it's
yeah I already voted by mail so I didn't want to deal with because I'm I'm on the outskirts. I'm not in the city but I'm on the outskirts and it's still very urban and it's just too many people and I just if I got cold but it would be not a good thing. So. But yeah, I don't
I don't know, it's an interesting uh experience that's for sure. My kids are 12 and they've they were asking me tonight, are we going to have a lockdown again? What do you say? What do you say? I said, I mean truly like I'm like, I don't know, I mean because they're they're smart
enough, they see, you know, and I want them to be you know, as well as you have to control
it. You know, it's a balance, you don't want to saturate equal, it becomes an obsession, but you want them at their age to want to learn about that kind of stuff because that's healthy. So it's like an you know, my son was at my parents tonight or well this afternoon and he was talking and he's just he's coming home and tell me now he's autistic, but he's taking a lot of interesting and I just have to watch because he sometimes tends to get on the side of obsession. Um Not intentionally, but it's just it's the nature of that, but he's like, mom, there's so many said, I know, I know, but again, you know, we're gonna take you take it one day at a time and I said, you know, are just not planning. I said my daughter had a horse show today and I said, you know, we signed up for the one in november, but I'm not signing up way ahead, that's just one month because he was saying that the money is gone and I don't I don't know what december is gonna bring, I don't know. So I said we're just gonna do it bits at a time and then we'll see how this all plays out.
Yeah. And that's when you tell, you know, and that's hard. I know they want to be with their friends, they want to go do stuff, but
like I there in cyber school, um, because the districts are a train wreck and they don't know what they're doing.
Our bus is the district here made statewide news. They had a couple of the bus administration. The drivers were exposed to covid dead. No buses for the entire district. I live in the
largest district in Dauphin County. That's insane what are parents supposed to do?
That's not fair. I said not everybody has two cars that everybody has, you know, there's low income people, it's not their fault if they can't get their kids to school or what you have to work. Not everybody's employers are flexible,
No,
no.
I mean where
you are in Tennessee?
got
you. I'm
sorry,
I misunderstood.
No,
I'm
I
agree
with
you. It's a train wreck and I, you know, you
know the only the only plus side to this is, you know, it's yeah, my kids getting to see what you shouldn't have and what shouldn't happen, you know? So maybe they're old enough, you know, this is a lesson that this isn't what should be happening. But You know, they don't really remember like they're 12, they were eight when Trump took office. Not that they really remember a whole lot at that age because
what
do you care at that age? You know? But now it's interesting. I don't know. It's my son's like who's going to win? I said, we don't know. I don't know what to tell you. He's like I said, I don't
know. I said to be honest, I don't know if it will be over on the night or not. Nobody knows yet because we have to wait and see what the numbers bring and go from there.
Well they changed in pennsylvania. There was some, was that the Supreme Court, it was just announced a couple days ago. Um the republicans had filed for cutting it off or something and they said um
or they could have just was it three days after I think or something
like that and they said no. So I don't know. So what they
were saying, get it in or drive it to the ballot box yourself if
you can.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
What
what?
So
my sister in law and where they live in, they live near Raleigh and north Carolina and she said they were getting like these flyers in the mail, like this big trump. She's, she's like, what am I doing this? Then? Burn it,
take it out back to your, well you have a gas. I said they have a gas. I said, well you can still burn it, it'll still go away. I said, I said there's a lady in their neighborhood that has her entire yard because my daughter and I were just down there a couple weeks ago, our entire yard is covered in trump signs. I'm a trump
girl on this.
And she said, and I said, so what's the deal with her? I said, as she had and she said, actually, this woman apparently causes all kinds of issues in the neighborhood, complains about like everything. And I said what? I thought, typical
Karen, you know, I said she's, I said because I said I just had a curiosity because I was like, this is why I got like one sign. But it was like overkill like sign explosion. I'm like what are you doing? You want saying? She said, yeah, she was like, ok dokey, she's fun. But it's funny that you see like right around, you know the biden and Harris signs. It's ironic but it's just funny. You you know I said anymore it's just you have to you have to watch how much you watch because it just gets depressing.
No,
I don't either
during
Yeah. It's it's definitely very the negative stuff is I'm just tired of there's an issue every day like it used to be, you know, four years ago. You don't have a problem every day. It wasn't a shock. Somebody didn't say something. I'm not saying it wasn't, but you could go a couple of days without some dramatic stupid statement or, or some scandal or you know, Hollywood, you know, the Hollywood
eyes
can't do that now, but okay, you know, that's right. Fun to say the least.
I have
someone I went to high school with um who served most of his adult life in prison. Unfortunately, you know, they're really, you know, poor decision making. But he's been out the last, I think two years, he's been clean and I think finally got his head on straight, which is, you know, wonderful thing. But he's into this Q and on thing. He actually posted a picture on facebook today. He did a cute tattoo on his leg and I was like, what are you doing of himself? No, he did it himself. And that actually wasn't bad. But I'm like, you know, and I see his post and it's just like I said, and I read something while I was eating dinner, I said, you know those folks, they ignore Jeffrey Epstein completely and this whole bogus thing that doesn't even exist yet, that, you know, the Epstein thing was legit. This is completely I just I don't get the like at all, and the woman that was his associates in prison, it's not like she's even been tried. So like, but it's just it's just like people you say something to this vacuum and I'm like, it's just like, what universe would people come up with this stuff? It's completely utterly like I had read a couple of things because I was just curious. I was like, this stuff is crazy, but these people are nuts, like, and and he's not a stupid person by any means, but maybe the drugs, maybe the years long a drug use, I don't know, in all fairness, you know, that does change people. If you use it a long time you can have brain and body changes, that does happen. But yeah,
I was like, wow, okay. I'm not sure what to, I'm like, that's a new one. You put a cute tattoo on yourself, Okay. Oh fuck.
Yeah. Well no, he bought, he
bought, I remember him posting, he bought the equipment now. I don't know. Maybe he's planning to do that. I don't know. Maybe that's like his granted like his next career move, you know, I don't know. But I was just, I don't know that I'd be doing it myself. Like if you're gonna do it pay to go to somebody who knows what they're doing. And you know, it's because you see these terrible pictures online and people look at this tattoo, someone didn't me at home, did you? Or you know, they spell it wrong or it means something like chinese characters, but it
means something like bad.
No.
and it's it's
it's
it
does,
or you can, or, but unless it's unless there's a huge piece, but the problem is it costs either for removal is horrifically painful. They
say,
well then that's true and it depends on what colors they use to. If it's certain um certain colors, you can't really
Mhm. Do a whole lot with. Yeah.
It's not like
you
can cut
your skin out and replace it,
did he not even, Aren't they supposed to do an apprenticeship? Isn't that
part of? I think that's part of
the
that's part of I thought that's what they legally, I thought that was part of the processes. Like, you can't just show up and be like, hey, I'm gonna give everybody tattoos today. Like
there's
Oh, yes, it wasn't a fly by night back, you know?
See,
and
that's
Yeah. And that thing is, even if you look at someone say quote portfolio doesn't mean that they well, and the problem is too, could you guarantee it's their work? That's hard to say. Not necessarily because you can take a photo of somebody's and print it out and be like, okay, here's someone's arm. They did this really cool thing. And, but it's not your Yeah,
that's
Well, and it's complaining. Going to get you very far,
you
get
money back
and
you get
money.
And that's what I mean. It's, I mean, at least, like I say, someone dies your hair and they like screw it up. You could potentially still fix it right with, you know, dependent on what it was, but it may take time, but you can usually fix it
in
time,
Right? Or if it's enough in a couple of weeks, you could put some other color on it or something once it's kind of settled a bit, so to speak. But yeah, once it's on your, like, once it's there there forever. Yeah, that's I wanted one for years, but I've never done it and that's, I don't know why, but I just never I don't know like it's just like, it's I've wanted to, but it's just uh Yeah,
well, and that's that's
No, and I have a have a good friend at work that she has like some really nice pieces on her arm. Like she's and she doesn't like, you know, because obviously she's getting a full sleeve eventually, but its color in pizza because it's very obviously very pricey and stuff and she's single. So she's like I can only do it as I can do it. But I mean she's gotten but she said she spends a lot of time researching who's going to do her pieces, not some fly by night. You know? And she that's what she pays for it too. She pays you know because she just got she had like an owl or something. She just got like the rest of the one side colored in and I mean it's really nice
but you also may wait a long time to see somebody that I could too. Hello.
Holy crap.
Because
they couldn't quote because they couldn't even when they reopened they weren't priority.
You
know? I wouldn't doubt. And here's the thing, you know at some point if if you've got a family to take care of you gotta do what you need to do. I don't I don't blame anybody. I mean that's you know, I don't nobody wants to see somebody, you know hard
up. But if it's not my place to judge, you know, it's their life. It's the
same
people that did hair or any of that stuff.
Well, but I haven't been in Philly in quite a while, but I was going to say from what the statistics I've read, I would assume a lot of those have never reopened.
Because they were in
the red tie and they yeah, what are they going to go back to? Yeah. And that's that's even
I
work hard
but
that's a good point. I work part time at the mall like just on
weekends as
a retail store. And there's stores that I mean you know some of those larger chains have gone bankrupt in the last couple of months
to go on. I mean I don't think the mos will survive the next five years. I think
they'll be dead. There's physically because it's it's not how do you make it when you know, I mean they're still operating in what Covid like
forward operating conditions so you still have to wear the mask all the time. They have limited um, hours.
The whole thing that we have not changed color since we started. Whatever. When do we go back was it May May
roughly,
you know, we
reopened like May roughly Mash, I thought when we reopened stuff was in april
well, you because you were a little further you guys were um
you were higher numbers than we were here. I think we were like maybe it was May, I think it was May, but
I would say I think Yeah, because Philly area because of
the
Yeah. No, you were. And it was I mean the base where I work, We're still closed phase zero And they have to be below 5% in a seven county area. Yeah. It happening. Mhm. So,
I mean, I mean, I mean I'm happy as I mean I can work from home. Yeah. That's nice with my kids at home and stuff. That's that's a that's a positive. But I don't know. I mean that's they they have no plans on the
horizon
for when they're gonna reopen and and that's and I'm sure they're gonna because I go to periodically like the naval support activity that was in Philly. That's in a rough part of town. And even that, I mean they've been because we have some facilities there and they've been the same. Like nobody's because it
will have somebody popped with Covid and it shut down.
It is and it's, I don't think it's gonna get better anyway on the horizon.
That's
no. And I literally read the headline, I was when I, my daughter and I were eating lunch at the horse show about them basically the strategy is, we're just gonna vaccinate. There is no strategy anymore. Okay. That's good.
And that's
an assumption and they don't even know
this is just a guess.
And that's,
and
that's what scared
me
is is the the ages that they're testing it on. They haven't tested on, on kids at all. So you have no idea that what works on a, you know, 30 year old works the same on a 10 year old, you know, and you know, body mass is way different. So there's no guarantee
none.
Well, and that's, that's exactly
it you have cause there's a lot of people have conditions that they don't even know they had. And that's that's, I mean the
base I'm on, we've had either six
or eight
people
die since March and they cleaned the floor above me like a couple of weeks ago over. Just as a precaution. You don't clean a room for Covid as a precaution. Come on.
I'm not stupid. Like you don't do that unless you believe somebody had it
like
that
or somebody had to work there. But nobody
spends
that
kind
of money.
Know
that cost, How much money do they lose per day? And how much does it cost to bring somebody in to clean that they don't do it themselves?
No, it costs a fortune. And that's um, I have an office made. His brother works at a different facility. Different face and four of his employees. Right? When Covid started. Oh no, thankfully he didn't get it at four of his employees had it and it was before he kind of bubbled to the surface of, you know, it was everywhere and they closed his um, the barrel of the building he was in and then they ended up um, his brother was out of work for now. He was, they gave him some other stuff to do, but for like two weeks he had to stay home because I mean, when four of your employees have, no, he kind of was off to the side because he was a supervisor. So he wasn't in with day after day, but still it's and he's like, well, I haven't been here. My brother. I said, well, I would highly recommend you don't go see him. It's if he was exposed to Covid, don't waste your time, just call him say hi. Well
anyway, I think it's coming to the end of our time, but I want to wish you the best of walking
and
in
you have
evening.