but yeah, yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Hello,
I can hear you can hear me and
good. Have you done these before? Awesome. I think this is like my fourth one, Hold on, I'm just going to finish this text because I wasn't expecting. Okay, sorry,
I'm saying nice to meet you.
Yeah, I've done, yeah, I think, I think this is my fourth one. I had to where people don't show up, but yeah,
no, sorry, I've done for where people, you'll you'll be the fourth person to show up, but I've had two that were scheduled or people didn't show up. Yeah.
yeah, I had one yesterday, the person didn't show up, so I was just like, I'll just hang out here and see if it happens.
that's weird.
I'm surprised when people don't show up because it's like such easy, extra money,
this is the
month I've had in prolific in a while.
Uh I would have to double check, but it's been over a year. Um Yeah, I came back from working abroad and I was like, I really want to finish paying off my student loans. So I found like a bunch of extra things that I could do just to make extra money.
So I do this. Um Have you had a crowd tap?
I like,
I like, I've tried a lot of them. I don't like them. I like crab top crowd top is really reliable. You don't get paid in cash, you get paid in gift cards. So I just like by like my household stuff that way. Um
and then I do transcription online. So there's a
well I spend like, my whole job is like computer, like I'm always online and I type really fast and like in previous jobs I've had to do minutes. So it's like, it just like came very easily for me. Um
So I like we'll do some a week and just get some extra money that way. Um And then those are like prolific. Um Red and rever the two main ones that I do. Um And then sometimes they do stuff on swag bucks. Um
I don't do any of the surveys on swag bucks because they suck.
But
they
have
really cool like offers that will happen. Um So like right now I'm playing a game and I have to get to a certain level and then I'll get like $25. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I get them all the time.
There are,
how
did
they
not
reward?
I think that's probably not rewarded me one time. Or maybe maybe it's happened like once or twice and they said something like I've already redeemed this offer and I'm 99% sure I hadn't. And so I was just like I don't feel like arguing with them, but normally it rewards just fine. Um And then sometimes you'll get ones that are like, like if you do blue apron and you like subscribe and you pay for one box, you'll get more money than what you paid for the box. So it ends up coming out to be like a
that
what's
there?
There's a weapon.
Say I think it's I don't know if it's doctor of credit, but there's some like finance website that will like list all of the swag bucks deals going on and like that will help you figure out if it's worth doing. Um.
you
know they can't can't I've heard the same thing so I don't do it frequently. I'll just check in every once in a while and I'm like I was there a game I can play, I guess. I'll try.
Yeah, there's um this one isn't surveys or anything, but it's called user testing and you
Yeah, so you like rating websites is like the easiest way to describe it, but it's not always that, but like you'll you'll you normally have to take some sort of screener um to see if like you're like the target demographic for it. But then you would normally go to a website and you're either like walking through task on a website or like, I don't know, it might be a clothing website and you're like sorting how you, how you would expect to find things on a website, but you're talking through stuff as you're doing it. So it's kind of like whatever you're thinking in your head, you're saying out loud, um and it doesn't record your face, it just record your audio and it's normal.
No it's just audio and it's about it's normally the videos or 20 minutes or so. Normally the videos are 10 minutes or less and you get paid like $20. A video are a submission.
Yeah. You do
trusting.
It's frustrating. These are testing kits, so I'll only check in every like I think I only try to do it like once a month because but you like go through and you just get screened out of so many things then like this is a noise. I could. Yeah,
but
my mom.
But
they
like
no
ask
more questions. Like do you use this specific software? And like you can't really
lie
because you need, sometimes you have to be able to like pull
up the software. So.
but for some reason my mom has really good luck on user testing. She makes like
like 100 to $200 a month on it. And I don't know what she's doing. Like
the most
I've ever made on it is 30 a month
her
user testing. I was it was a it was some women's clothing website and I was sorting, I was like describing how I felt about where things were located on the website. Like if it made like inherent sense for like if I wanted to go find this item where I would go. Um So just kind of like that. And then there was another one where uh that um that's that's a pretty frequent and there's another frequent ones that will be like, you'll get like a bunch of different items and you have to categorize where you naturally think they would group together. Um Two.
Yeah, I did. Is that yeah that it takes a little bit of practice and so you're just kind of like okay I need to say this that lab. But yeah.
I am. I teach yoga on the side so that helped me like be better about like yeah
saying stuff out loud.
Yeah it's good I like it. Um When I was living abroad I had had a I went for a fellowship in my fellowship, gave me a professional development stipend. So I just used the money to pay for yoga teacher training. Yeah
I'm in D. C. And then I um I came back in 2018 but I was in Malawi which is a small country in southern africa. Yeah
it
was
it was a lot I really liked like moving there and living there. Um And I liked the job that I had I moved like it was a fellowship, but you like apply for the fellowship then you apply for a specific job. So I was working in an HIV organization. Um So I liked all of that but um they had us live with some of the other members of our fellowship class and some of them just that was like the most stressful part was like living with people who are like very um they were younger than me and like had different cleanliness standards than me because
that
was like
very.
Yeah and it was just also hard.
Yeah, it was just like too much time with them because we had to like work with them like in a professional setting, but also you're living with them and it just makes it like a little
isn't
it?
Um So I how to sew like they have like they were like
normal grocery stores to go to. Um So like I ate like kind of normally how I would eat here, but then there's also like I would go to the field sometimes with our research assistance and eat what they had to eat. A lot of like curried goat.
Yeah, so they eat, so a lot of african countries have some variation of like a like a corn like mash so and um allow it's called Seema so it's like similar to a gritty texture like but um you don't eat it like grits. Um And it's maybe a bit, yeah, you like
it's
drier
than
grits.
not
dried
drier than grits. And they
yeah, I didn't I wasn't a fan of it but
it's
spelled N. S. I. M. A. But the end really isn't pronounced. Um So you like satan Seema um But they eat like they kind of kind of with like um like the injera bread and Ethiopia or like non and India they use it as like the vehicle for the food.
Yeah. Where are you?
I um I don't think I'll be in D. C. For the long term. So I like have been thinking about places where I'd like to move in. Texas is kind of on the list because I'm originally
from north Carolina. So I like kind of like living in the south um And texas.
Well fibers in north Carolina.
Yeah but texas has no income tax.
I
was like lots
of things to like about D. C. But we get we have very high taxes and
yeah it's um it's interesting like there's like there's a lot of so it depends on who you're plugged in with because there's people who are obviously from D. C. And have lived here their whole lives although people think that no one is from D. C. There are lots of people who are from here but then there are the people who like come here either because they like are in government or like work in some sort of sector. Uh huh.
so there's
like a lot of different types of jobs here but they all end up being like related to the federal government in some capacity just because of like how the funding works out but they're not necessarily like in government. Um Sorry I had something pop up on my screen.
Yeah they're nice. Yeah and so yeah and there's so it just depends on who you're plugged in with. So there's like very like down to earth people and there's very like I work for this person and it's just like nobody cares because everybody works for somebody but there's a really good local food scene here. Um But with like covid and everything like all of the things that makes living in D. C. Really fun or kind of gone. Yeah. Yeah
I'm just like I'm paying all this rent for like what?
I like
what did you say?
Well actually Houston was kind of on
the list
that it was like I was like I like living near the beach but
I've
heard it I've heard this really bad flooding issues. Traffic is really awful and like the heat is really like it's like really muggy so I think I would have to come and make a visit. Um And
how
far
drive
is it though?
Yeah so I'm like making like a big list in like researching and then I'll like narrow it down to less places and make trips. Um So because
there
are no
good beaches near D. C.
Yeah because there's there's Rehobeth in Delaware and then there's Virginia beach in Virginia. And if you ask people from those areas they'll say they're good beaches but like I'm from north Carolina and there are very nice beaches in north Carolina. Not like tropical beaches but it's just not very developed the beaches around there. Um And so it's just like I don't really want and in the beaches in Rehoboth there like a little rocky and I just like I just don't want to spend my time with those beaches.
What?
That's probably
why you're
scared because you are not deep in the ocean.
Yeah California would be up on my list if it weren't so expensive there. It's like what's the point of leaving D. C. Just to that?
I
know.
Yeah I like haven't so I lived in Fort Worth is a baby because my dad is army but I obviously don't remember it. Um It's like the only time I've been in texas everything else has just been like people talking about it. I'm like oh this is worth considering as a place to move your. Actually the the third person I've talked to who lives in texas.
It is
life.
Oh that is funny.
Where do they?
No.
Yeah my main struggle will be like wherever I move is having to drive again because I don't even own a car right now.
lot of my friends here actually do have cars and I don't understand why. I mean it works out for me.
they were,
they end up driving a lot more than they need to just out of convenience and
it's just so much easier when you don't have one because a lot of times with apartments you have to pay for a parking
fee
as well. I mean sometimes there's street parking available and then you don't have to pay. But in the street parking issue is like people get their windows busted in all the time here. It's just like,
there have been times where I've like walk down a block and it's just like 10 cars and around with busted out windows and like how
they have been stuff in the car and it's like not to victim blame, but like you should know better at this point.
Oh, I didn't write
this off
at a light rail.
I mean
I didn't end
out.
Yeah. I'm not, I'm, it's not off the list. I had never really thought about someone.
That's
why I started looking at property, like what I could get for what I'm paying in rent right now. Like mortgage wise. And I'm
like,
holy
yeah, yeah. My dream would be to still like if like the covid stuff goes on, I like can keep like they like allow me to work remotely indefinitely and I can just move to a cheaper place.
I think we reached the, a lot of time that we have to do. Nice. It was so nice talking to you. Thank you for telling me about Dallas.
No,
no, it's
good. I
tend to let
you
all
good weekend provide.