hear me? Okay.
Are you doing?
Okay, fine. Uh, was that out? Uh, my name's Arthur? What's your name?
Nice to meet you too. You said that before.
Okay, so you've actually talked to two?
Yeah. Is that recently? Back to back? Is that why you're on your phone? Like well just have another no show.
Yeah, I had four people now show. I had like three of them back to back and uh, I had one, not the last one. Um, you're my fifth, but the one before the last, I thought I was like, okay, great. Because I had a bunch of back to back. There were no shows. Like I got one, like I see her, I could hear her but she wasn't hearing me or couldn't see me or I went to full conspiracy mode and I was talking to someone else. I was like, maybe they just intentionally were there and as part of a test to see what I would do if someone didn't react, I started like, you know, go full conspiracy where I was like, what did I do when I was trying to talk to? Because I was like troubleshooting and trying to figure it out. I made like a really loud noise. His has plugged up to like a little amp and if I unplug it just a little bit, it's really loud and I was like, let's see if she reacts. And I pulled it out a little bit, made that horrible noise. Didn't react completely. Stone fish. She's either like actually legitimately couldn't see me or like a psychopath. So I put it up to those two things or test. I was like, I wasn't mean to her anything. I was like, I was talking to myself for 15 minutes trying to see if she'd ever, she eventually got like a binder. I started writing things down and wasn't paying attention at all. And I was like, who does that? It doesn't try to fix it. I was like, he's not troubleshooting or anything,
so eventually just had to say all right, whatever.
Yeah, this is yeah, definitely. This is like pretty easy.
I mean
how long have you been doing prolific?
what else he got going on
crowd tap? No, but you know, I've seen like 50 different things to make money online. So what
is it about?
Yeah, you bounce it out, you go to kelly's instead of spending money. Yeah.
Oh man, I looked at that and that seems real rough. How was that
that you
uh see I try swag bucks and I hate swag books. So
what do you
what
do you
do?
Have you ever done it before?
Oh my god. So that's why I tried swag bucks. I did that exact thing where it was playing a horrible, horrible
game and I was like, okay, well if this works then I can just play games and make money every now and then didn't work. I tried to fight it. I went to like customer service. I was trying
to
like I
got
screenshots,
I got all this. I did. It was the first time downloader. Oh my God, there's a month plus of like on and off, like going back and forth with like customer support trying to get some help and they're like no. And I was like, all right, fuck you do, I'm gonna do not use like box. And it's also got,
I've seen those
two and see I was all for that. And then I got burned on that. And I was like, dude, I don't know if I trust you anymore.
I was
like, I don't know if I'm gonna
there
that I went through something sort of similar. There's a guy that specialized in doing games and he was like, well, let me tell you about the game. Like he'll tell you about the deal that's going on, He'll tell you tips about the game. So I was like, this is great. So he, there's this one game deal and culture is the only one that's there. And it was like, well, here's everything you need to do. Also, by the way, this is the hardest game I've ever done. I was like, well that sucks, but I'll do it. I'll see if you know if I can do the hardest one, then I can do it anything and it's fine. It's great. It's perfect test. So I did it and I was like, I did it before, well before the time that they allotted. And I was like, oh, this is great. I did the hardest game and this guy has a whole list of games. I had like all these things. I was ready to go and I was like, well I'll just wait and then there's way just more. And I was like, what? And I get my money can it? It's like I tried to serve a part of it that was immediately like, no, I'm not going to do that. And then I tried the looked into like they have like a receipt things, a couple of things that the receipts. My fiance was also doing online stuff too because we both had left our jobs at the same time because Covid, so we're looking at all kinds of things. So yeah, I really tried to make select bucks work, but that was the last straw. Really bummed me out. Like,
man,
Yeah, I wanted something to like, you know, hit once a day. You know, spend like an hour or something a day and you know, that would be cool. But it was like way more than our day. I like went hard on it and then I was like, I'm just going to really do it and get it through. And then it was like not rewarded as like, oh well, oh well
that's the big one. I just learned from someone else talking on here. What's that about?
Oh, I thought a webcam would be on you. Okay.
That's cool. The only thing that's a little, I guess it's not annoying, but you don't think that love about prolific is that you set up your profile, you fill it out with all your information and things are like directed towards you. You don't have to go out and find if you're like, you know,
whatever
the thing is. So
it's like a bummer
you
want to live. Like of course I have five kids. Two dogs, a cat. I got a fish in the other room, whatever it takes to get me in here For love of God.
You
start
to want to,
that's why
I love the prolific.
You want
to be like
use it.
Yeah. Okay. So you got to be honest on that? Yeah,
That's cool.
That's
solid.
What did you give the example of the last thing that you did on
it?
How awkward isn't talking to yourself? Did you get over that pretty fast?
You find yourself being really quiet. Oh yeah, I got to talk about this. Okay. So I think, uh, yeah.
hmm.
he's yoga on the side. That's cool. That's, that's different.
interesting. Where were you and where are you?
What was that like?
That
sounds interesting.
you're saying it was
not
the
best smelling place. Gotcha.
I'd penis maybe
and never turned that off. Yeah. How
did you eat
and stuff? What would you eat over there? What was that like?
Mcdonald?
Yeah. I'm gonna say, what was the local delicacies like? You gotta get some like,
the more porgy or dry.
What is
it? Is
this
something, uh,
that
sounds bad.
I'll be real rough for me.
I have to say that name isn't very advertising to, I don't know all across the board. That's not the
best
library kind of thing. Everyone's got thrown. I'm hispanic. I got my tortillas. I eat everything with tortillas too. So it's fine.
I'm in texas. Born and raised near Dallas. Yeah,
that's fun.
I just talked with him from north Carolina. They had 25 acres. Was living out in an RV and had like a homestead, anything going. I was like, that's my dream. That sounds awesome. And she's like go chicken sounds like I'm so tech. Like focus. I love taking stuff and like, I want to live out in the wilderness with nothing except like really fast internet. Like that'd be cool. Yeah, she had that. She was like when we moved to this field and right down there is the electricity and fiber and I was like whatever Dude, that's it.
I can't believe the situation, the setup she had. I was so jealous.
Yeah. Yeah. I know. There's like a uh fiance was from pennsylvania and she moved down here. It's like texas is definitely different. But I do like, I only have to fill out one tax form and then I also have no snow. I was like, yeah, no snow
except
rain.
Yeah. I can't imagine what the hell's dc like that's like such a specific little like ecosystem there. I can't even imagine what that's like.
exactly. That's the thing that I think most people would assume you're there because of business job
or someone now
he's tall windows you get in the background. So reminiscent of when I used to visit my fiance because she had these giant up to the ceiling. Like her ceiling was high, which is crazy as it was where she was. And then there's these windows, I went just as high. I'm like getting some real nostalgic looking at these windows and like windows just like those windows. I used to visit her.
in a lot of more different ways.
Yeah. We're in texas where you thinking about oxygen,
definitely not Houston at home.
That's the Austin. I hope not. Houston
actually
using,
you want to work on a boat because that police floods every
year now.
Well the nice thing about Dallas and Austin is that you could drive to the beach and it's like less than a day, not the same. But
I don't
know Houston's
were up.
It's a day drive. You can go when you're in Dallas, you go to Galveston when you're in like boston area than like I guess Corpus Securities. Al padre those places. It was pretty nice. So you have options.
We
had
this.
Yeah. That I guess I'm not really too familiar with that. Is that really the gaze.
Yeah. It's crazy. Beach is a real big deal then for you. You really want to be next to the water. I got a ah we have some, her sister lives in Virginia Virginia beach area. So she had her wedding on the beach and everything. So I got an idea of what that each situation was like. But yeah, I haven't been to the beach in a long time. That's crazy that I don't know every now and then I want to go. When I got older, I started to get more afraid of the beach and this is like I don't want to be in the water spooky now
once you get older it's like there's things in the water. I don't know some reason I just got freaked out and I stopped going to the beach. I used to love going to the beach and we said when I was really young my father would take me out like deep sea fishing stuff. So I was like all about beach,
live
meat,
deep sea fishing with sharks. And he was at one time he always got his finger bitten off by a fish because he wasn't used to like handling them. Don't put your fingers in an ocean fish's mouths that got teeth and stuff. So um, yeah, I haven't been to the beach in a long time. I crave it occasionally. I have another buddy that lives in California and that's a whole different each going experience. So everyone has their own fun beaches. I just don't go.
The reason why you would want to leave is not the reason why you go over there and you want to like, you want your air quality be like, you know the medium to high range all the time right now. That's another thing. You go to Houston floods are going to go to California. It burns every year now. I gotta figure out where you want to go.
I
mean even we had historic flooding in Dallas area, so that was two years ago. So you know texas floods. Texas is flat. So that's another thing you go to texas and it's like totally different like area, there's like swamps and desert and then flooding flat plains. So like where do you want to go in texas? You pick Houston, that's the swampy flooding side. All right. So you got to figure out where you want to be?
That's funny.
I haven't
talked to anyone else that lives in texas yet. Actually
um we have some friends that we met online and they're moving to Dallas area, which is like we've been online friends with them for a bit and then I have a good, really good. I mean a lot of people online, I spent a lot of time online and I have another friend that I've known for like 14 years online. And he's like, so he's working for uh the navy now. He does like Haiti stuff. He was like, you know how to go anywhere with this job now. I'm like, yeah, yeah, I get to the point. What if I lived near you? I was like, I was crazy. We have two people that are like thinking about moving in on this texas turf. So
a lot of people that like texas considered Dallas is a pretty good spot. I thought that was really funny. I was really, it's weird. Can't believe that they are looking for now is like telling them about the different areas and like, you know, they have different places, They want to be people, they want to live around this stuff won't be more like diverse and other ones like whatever near you. So we're like trying to figure out different areas. So I'm like all you sell these zones and stuff. I worked in different areas so I got an idea of what nice neighborhood on the south side, it's like country over here so it's like a different kind of crowd but it's like really quiet and then you go to the north and it's like super high and and so so yeah people that wanted to go up there and some I want to come down here. I think you can get a little bit everything in Dallas area. So
pretty big, pretty diverse.
I was going to get 2000 and say you know D. C. I bet you don't even like yeah you don't drive. Uh But it wasn't like new york and he's like I don't have a car, I have a license, I don't even use it. Yeah, I get that.
What do you do with that? But I just pay the taxes and you know, registration
on every year.
Well that's plan B. If it all, you know hits the fan, they have a place to sleep in the car. This is my, if all else fails, I have a car and I can drive to something.
Spot
something
that sucks. Oh my God,
whoa!
Oh my God. I mean I live in texas and that's never happened to me and anyone that known, but I am very like, nah man, you gotta cover cover it up, take it with you, whatever the hell the slogan is. Yeah. Yeah do that. Um, texas is like definitely car dependent, like you have to have a car to get around, but I live 30 miles south of Dallas. I live pretty country. Anything more south is like, like bum, fuck, but this is like actually pretty close and I'm like maybe 5, 10 miles away from the rail system. We have a light rail and that will get you everywhere.
What
do you actually,
yeah, once you get over there, like I use the light rail all the time to move around in Dallas because I don't like to drive. Actually. I hate driving and
you want to drive downtown. It's like, hey, this is my nightmare. I get anxiety just thinking about it. I'll take the light rail goes to Dallas and then like the central hub and just spreads out. You go anywhere in Dallas. So we always do that to go to like concerts or whatever. Events, museums, whatever you can get to. Any of that Dallas stuff from like that light rail system is actually pretty well done. So
state
Fair, we have big state fair. I don't know why I'm selling you on this. I'm like selling you on it the way I'm selling it on those guys. But they're already sold on it. I'm like state Fair. Come on. Big giant State Fair. I took her lady to for the first time and she was like, I'm used to like little county fairs because pennsylvania doesn't have like a fair guess. I was like, come check it out. We got giant statues names, big tex, he hollers at you says howdy and all that. I'm like, this is great. And she's like, this is huge and we tried all this food, son. Love the safe fair. Yeah, I don't know. That was good. Come on down
Dallas and Fort Worth. He had these two giant like cities, like if you combine them together, like top five in population in the area is just like enormous. You can do anything there to and it's exploding now. You can have like a nice little country house or you can have like animals and big yard or you can be like close to the city and live in an
apartment,
which I'm
sure is insane.
I'm sure you can buy a house with what, what you're doing right now. Yeah.
Yeah. That's how all of their situations are to where they were like, he started working and then they're like, we're going to remote now. Now they're like, you're going to be fully remote for reverend. Now you're going to be a remote worker and she's like completely remote already And before and then it just became more like entrenched whenever this happened. I was like, well you're lucky assholes have your great remote job so you don't really need to stay anywhere and they don't require you to stay anywhere, so they're moving. I'm in Dallas. What? That's crazy.
Yeah. I'm just sitting here chatting at you, but I hope you enjoyed it,
too.
Had
fun
talking
to you. Yeah.
That's good meeting you.