unless you're okay with it, it's whatever you want to do. Well, might be a good idea of trying to get you back in your room with that. You're being recorded. You know, I had to do this. Well, you need well, sorry. Okay. Oh, or right. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. But what is it? Maybe he Right. Yeah. And okay. I think you swallow you would give anything. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. But Right. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Yes. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. How how are you, wow, this positive? Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. They're going no, what? Yeah. You know what? What? All right. Uh huh. You have six months. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yes guys. Yeah. Yeah. Don't wait so long. Yeah. What won't get your money? People killed $500. 64069 dot com. That's 8886640 Late 69. Wait, wait. With the fastest response to assess your situation, confirm your location, send you to hell now, 1990 days. The first country by country. So there's a couple of things around here somewhere. Thank you. Hes prepare yourself for a shock. Thank you. That's you. Yeah. What the devil is going on? Oh, but people can I want to know what you're thinking. Yeah, it was remote. Just get rid of me and lucky to go out there. Or is he going to have a principle? And he's one of the most highly present. Charge You. I think you just can't have a picture of a girl. What are you doing, Mom? What? Captain? Three minutes till noon. Hopefully they'll come on at new No one or something. Give me a chance to check. Ma. Thank you. Lot of older. The title. Okay. There is something for you to wait two more days to train you to wait. I'll take this one. Perfect for each other about this Daddy. It's also silly. Well if I thought I could trust you. Think it would be silly when that photograph was concerned. I can't trust you. So it isn't selling them. I promise you to take this train out to get there. It was a picture. Just keep breaking. My father keeps breaking. I'll swear to it this time I'll get you out of here you see. I'll swear to with small exception pictures bag. No more truth anything. I'll be there. But how can you get on the train? Just a small mistake. Can I have been saying thanks but I was afraid of I want to know what I've been thinking about. Oh well that isn't gonna shit. It's great when you're finished catching. I get the feeling you don't catch my, Oh I like it is. Except one thing. I still think the missing ingredient brains yours thing. This program is my life. Oh I got a product, wait a minute. Hey.
Good. How are you?
I
know the last two I tried to set up. Nobody showed up.
I know, I accidentally missed one a couple of times before that because let's see if you can see my camera. Pretty good. Um We had a hurricane because I'm here in Louisiana and it destroyed our house and my mind was so in la la land. Oh
thank
you.
Yeah, we're um the state farm put us up in a apartment, three bedroom apartment. So it's not the same as being in a house, you know, kind of violates your privacy a little bit.
Yeah, it's tough in it. Um um
Now where do you live at?
Yeah, wow. Way up there. That's one state I have not been to. Yes.
Um Not really but yes I mean I've been out of the country um I've been to Iceland, the U. K. And Germany and several states
but it's just uh up in Washington. I'd love to go up there I believe in Bigfoot by the way.
Uh huh. Yeah. I
don't know. I've never seen one either but I find it amazing. That's about the only paranormal creature I'd probably really believe in. Yeah.
it is. I'm curious how old are you? You seem really sweet
Wow. My mom she's 68. I figured you might have been right around her age wow.
I've been doing surveys.
No that's fine. I've been doing surveys for almost 20 years.
when I was pregnant with my daughter I'm 45 now. Um Actually not quite 20 years, probably about 17 years. She's 17 years old. But when I was pregnant I wanted to be a stay at home mom. So I started searching for stuff online and I paid for like remember back then $20 for a whole bunch of survey sites and I just went from there and I've been doing it, I mean I've made a lot of money doing it but I just
like learning about new things and you know the innovation of things that are going on in today's society stated
it's 78
months,
find your calling
speaking,
and dr
Robbins.
Get up here
some of the same
and they don't
Oh I know, been there, mm.
yes, me too. I've I've made a lot of them and plus it's more credible because a lot of them are university, you know, and I find that amazing. And
of course.
Almost
she
brought
up.
Pretty
much me
too. Yeah. I've never even done that one. There's so many out there. There's a ton of them like
off hand.
I used, I used to love like opinion outposts and serve a junkie, but it's just, I don't know, I just, I kind of got away from them. I try to have so many coming in. I have to pick and choose who I'm going to get.
Same
hair.
I know.
I'm
room.
But
the stuff,
it's just because
of the covid
and
everybody being home and the internet starts slowing. Call them.
Yeah. Hang in there.
But
well I have one that's it. And
she's
17. You know, I always had a a bad picker when it came to men. So I just I wanted to but it just didn't work out.
let's
see.
No no no in there I'm
so glad I'm talking to you. I was feeling a little down this morning just because we lost our house
and we're having to stay in an apartment and the holidays are coming up and it's kind of depressing so All right.
Yeah because of co bid. Mhm.
I
know.
That's going to be amazing when you finally get to see her and touch her and lover.
and
oh that's
normal her little girl. Uh huh. Yeah my daughter is the only granddaughter and then I have one sibling who's a brother and he only had one child with his wife and that they have a son. So my grandpa my parents only have two grandchildren. One boy, one girl.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. If I'm not doing something for my daughter or my brother and his wife are doing something for his son. My mom takes over all that. Yeah.
Yeah. So are you real close to the Canadian border? Are you more further south or east west?
I don't even know where
to
call
them.
Is that
I don't know not
off
hand
because I've
never been in the state. Is it in the middle of the site?
wow. That's the nice area then I would assume. Mhm.
That's the good
part.
I do. I do. As long as they're not too close to the house, like what happened to our house? Oh.
Oh yeah we had about how many mom nine or 11 trees fall. Yeah.
That it destroyed everything except for our vehicles in the carport. Yeah.
So we
have to
have a whole new house. Oh
we're
lucky
we did we have a state farm
and they
did good. And so that was a blessing. Huh?
that's horrible.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, it's the same with us. Um Well we're an apartment now so we're kind of closer to the city but just to get to town Just to get to a Walmart, it takes us about five or 6 miles.
I know, especially his little neighborhood ones. I didn't even know if they had them up there in Washington. I know, I didn't really, we went up to NY one time and I hardly saw any Walmarts up that way.
That's not
that's about the same
as it is
for us.
yeah, you have to pretty much if you want to get everything in one store. Mhm. Yeah.
So do you guys have like the big redwoods up that way too? Uh huh.
I wasn't sure where
I live. No go ahead. I'm sorry
What?
What?
where I live, we're in northern central Louisiana were not down toward new Orleans, we're way up north. So when the hurricanes, you know there was hurricane Delta that turned into it back to a tropical storm and then there was hurricane Laura and they just butchered our state came right up like the last time we had a hurricane affect us that far inland was almost 150 years. So hopefully we'll be dead and gone before another one ever hits because we don't want to go through that again. But that's the reason why so many trees fell because we made it through hurricane laura. But all the rainfall made the ground super soft and it just uprooted all the oak trees and
and the hickory trees and I mean they were falling everywhere. It was depressing. We were without electricity for seven full days and we were having heat advisories throughout that whole week and it was summertime. And in our house our thermostat was showing almost 92°.. All the hotels were booked. We didn't have a generator because we've never had the need for one because we never get, you know, bad weather here other than brains thunderstorms and it was crazy.
that
was unheard
of before.
that's crazy.
Sometimes, you know? Yeah, we get a lot of tornadoes here but they never hit where our house was. It's always been more in the city, we were on higher ground so we never where we lived, there was higher ground. We never had flooding. We never had tornadoes hit right there or anything. We've just been fortunate we're in a perfect area that nothing ever got us until the hurricane wins. Yeah.
I don't know. Do you have um I see your window. I was wondering if I could. Are you on a laptop?
Oh I wish I'd get you to take me over to the window so I can see your beautiful woods.
Not
delivering
was not. Oh
okay. Okay.
I didn't know how far remote maybe you might have been. Oh yeah
wow.
Okay. Yeah. Tournament but
it's also
Yeah. Kind of like a condos? Little condos.
Well
that's neat.
So is it it's you at home or do you is it like
you
and your husband or? Yeah.
That's awesome. At least she got some company you know during this this pandemic thing that I pray goes away one day.
I'm sick
of
it. It's
depressing.
Yeah. I think that's for most people, you don't really know how different you are until you're together all the time and not many of us can truly be on the same page as another person.
me.
Oh I love cats, I'm so allergic to them but I love them. Uh huh.
Like I have a best friend that lives in Iceland and when I go visit her, she has this cat that I love and he'll sleep with me and I had to take Benadryl the whole time I was there, I was doped up on Benadryl
continuously and I'd still be miserable and I didn't care as long as I got to hang out with them. Uh huh.
We just have a little inside dog here. He's old and overweight and he's our sweetheart, he's our little baby.
Yeah He's a sweetheart, he's 14 years old, Little Chihuahua. He just had some tooth infection and he had like nine teeth removed.
Mhm. Uh huh. I know he's he hasn't What's your go ahead,
I'm sorry.
no.
I
know. We love to give our animals, you gotta give them lots of treats and lots of love and you know. Uh
huh
I know that's how our dog Jackie is but I think something went wrong with his mouth infection because he's been jerky and he's been acting like he has not really dementia but he's just been acting weird and I sometimes wonder if that infection went to his brain and damaged his brain a little bit because he hasn't been the same since that So I don't know, it's kind of depressing. But he's old. He's 14. He's lived a good life. We we give them lots of love. I'll show you.
Well,
maybe I can hear he is
down here. Uh She's asleep. I know his little gray face. Yeah. Let's see if I can get my camera. I had to borrow my daughter's camera and I don't know how it works. I guess. That's right. Okay. Yeah, he's asleep finally. So what else has been going on in Washington State? Any crazy stuff? Y'all still got riots or I mean, I heard there was at one time
because
my daughter had a friend. Mhm. Not so much
little girl.
Yes, I know. My mom does the same and all this presidential stuff. It's just I'm just it's all depressing to me. I'm tired of all the writing and the presidential stuff and the bad weather. I'm
just ready for life to go back to normal. This has been the worst year ever. It seems like
cover,
yeah,
I know
it's
got
it's got everybody emotional.
Yeah. There's a lot of crazy people out there who have been saying all kinds of stuff you read on the news. It's insane
people. I mean even my best friend in Iceland, she is calm, she's Icelandic. You know, she's calm, optimistic happy and the mask wearing thing has just been setting her off lately. She's just like angry all of a sudden like what's what's happened to her. She's just you can only take so much and then you start to go crazy. You know you get tired of being restricted and refined, you know obtained or whatever you call it retained and it's just crazy. It's driving us all crazy. Yeah. Mhm.
That's what most people do around here. They just some people just refuse to wear them. Like they go in public
and they don't care. They'll walk right past the security person and just keep on going. All
right. And I hate wearing mask. I'm not gonna lie. I absolutely
hate it. But when I'm around like elderly, like you know, people who are older, I do worry about their safety, you know, So I try to be respectful and that matt, you know, I'll bring it with me but I'll put it down. But if I'm around an elderly couple or someone who's trying to protect yourself, I will show the same respect to them just because it's the right thing to do. I feel like it's a moral ethical thing for me. Yeah. Okay.
No.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I hate them. But you know,
if
I
feel like, but I try to be respectful and at least that manner, you know, if I feel like people are really concerned, especially like I said, when they're elderly, you know, they are at higher risk. I mean my mom's high risk, so because she has asthma and there's no telling what else she has. She hates going to the doctor. So. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
My mom only goes
once a year and that's, that's to get her little high blood pressure pill and then she's like, I'm not coming back until a year later.
Yeah. My grandmother, her mom was the same way she was from Germany and the last time she took even a Tylenol or an ibuprofen type pill Was when she was maybe 30. And that's it. And that's, and when she moved to the states, she did not take medicine until she was like 73 or 74. And that's only because they forced her to because she had a heart attack. And then after that, she was on like six or 8 medications. But the reason she had a heart attack was she ended up dying from lung cancer. She smoked ever since she was like 14 years old and Germany and she never had a cough in her life.
She
never
had problems breathing. But the lung cancer got her. She had stage four throat cancer, but they were able to get rid of it, you know, like kill it. But they couldn't get the lung cancer. Come
on. Yeah, I was hoping we've been here. I think we've been here almost 25 minutes. I don't know
because
I don't want to talk your head off because, you brighten my spirits. I thank
you.
Are
What? What? Uh
I know. That's how it was. People didn't show up the last two times. I had won it two o'clock Yesterday I think. And the day before I had no I had one yesterday at 9:00. AM.
And
the
day before at two pm. And both people, I waited 15 minutes afterwards hoping they would show up. All right,
man,
you never
know
people use Yeah. Mhm. What did it look like?
That's weird.
That's
weird. I've gotten to talk to two people before in the past, I talked to one in texas and the last person I spoke to was in pennsylvania and I
think it was pennsylvania. She was kind of rude. I was shocked, you know, because usually when you're talking to strangers, you know, I figured she just seemed like I was wasting her time. Like like hurry up, hurry up. I didn't think we even were on the whole 25 minutes and she's like, well someone just knocked at the door, okay, it's been 25 minutes by and just kind of hung up on me and I was like, wow. Uh huh.
yeah, I didn't know what it shocked me. It really shocked me. I was I'm from Louisiana so we're all nice people usually down here, you know, we're friendly, two strangers. And but she just reminded me of a typical new yorker, I don't mean to stereotype, but I have been to new york and new york city and I saw some really rude people there like with my own eyes. I'm not used to that, it may not be rude to them, but it is for my culture. What?
Oh yeah. It's it's insane. I had a bad experience. We were on the boat going to Staten Island and I was trying to take a picture of my dad holding my daughter when she was young back then she
was probably, I don't know, maybe 10 9 and our local newspaper, if you go somewhere and you take a picture of some type of monumental or something that represents something
in America. So I was trying to get a picture with her with the statue of liberty and some man comes through there and almost knocks my dad down and my daughter and we're on the top of the boat and he could have dropped her off the ledge because she was sitting up on there. I was like, what are you doing man? Get, get the whole out of the way, I just couldn't believe it. And he said he was speaking and I was like, he sounds like he's from around here, what is he doing on a tour boat? But I don't know. But anyway, I think
we
painted our 25 minutes who we finally get paid, don't we? Oh
Well wow, it was so good talking to you
and I'm
Angela.
I'm Angela by the way,
I have a cousin. Debbie.
Yeah. We have assad
like
that
ourselves.
Yeah. Oh talking about family who while back I had a first cousin. He hadn't talked to him about three years who just murdered his estranged wife. I'm like, wow, we got a murderer in the family. Now I'm
you know, hunt and texas. You've probably seen it on the news back at
the end of october yeah, I could not believe that he cut everybody off after he married this woman and the next thing you know, we're getting articles about him killing his wife. He found out she was cheating on him and he shot and killed her. Okay.
I know. I would have never thought from him either. He was calm, collective happy. It's like the people who do the crazy things are the people you least expect and then the people who act crazy never do anything. Yeah. It's just you just
never know
I
guess.
Well, I will see you around.
It's nice to meet you Debbie.
Bye