Thank you. Really?
if
we're cool, cool. We have matching a terrific. It's that Yeah, you're doing well, how are you doing? Yeah.
Oh my name is Angela. Uh huh.
Hi steven, nice to meet you. Yeah.
Are you?
Oh sure. Well um I live in California,
I don't know if that's where you are
but
okay. Gotcha. Yeah, because I was thinking it's late at night because you know sometimes I talk to people and they're from the east Coast, like on you know on the study
and they're like oh it's so late and it's like oh it's not late for me, but I always wonder where people are. Yeah.
Oh yeah, in Los Angeles near like yeah, yeah. Southern California people. Yeah. Yeah.
So
I have a
family.
So
I'm married with two kids, they're they're both pretty young, so yeah just living a life of a busy
mom with young kids and helping them, you know with schooling, you know during this pandemic, so that's the major thing helping them through that. Yes. What about you?
Uh Very neat. Very neat. Yeah. I've only visited
Seattle once. So
you did
you
did you move up there like
that? Like were you up there for a long time, many years or what?
okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Very neat. Very neat.
I grew up here
so
it's funny
you know you asked my name Angela. So
my my name is actually named after Los Angeles. Yeah.
Funny. I always tell people that little trivia when
I meet people. Uh.
Yeah. Did
you did you grow or where did you grow up or? Yeah.
No
no.
Oh yeah you've been around like all being all across the U. S. That's me. That's it. Would you say that there's like
out
of like
northern California, East
Coast
Seattle? Is there part like a part that's like your favorite or is there, I don't know. Yeah.
huh.
No.
Oh that's neat. That's neat. Yeah. I've only visited like as a tourist, you know, different areas. But yeah, I've only lived in L. A. So I always wonder what it would be like to live somewhere else, you know, for a long time. Yeah, that's need to hear from people.
Oh I love, I love going to like new countries and I love exploring. So yeah, it was
neat
when I was young, I was in a choir and so my parents like,
you know, would would send
me on these with these choir
trips and
and I realized later I was like wow, like
the
the airplane
costs
are like a lot, you know,
for international flights and I was just a kid and I
was like
thinking
back,
I'm like, wow,
I'm so
grateful
that I got to do
that.
So we
got
to
go
on
trips to
like europe and um,
different
countries
in Asia,
like Singapore, Indonesia, um
Taiwan
and
so
I remember
like when
I
was
writing
my
college
essays,
um, I wrote
about
how, especially
when
I was
in Indonesia, um, I saw
a lot of poverty there and
it was very like mind
blowing for me because you're in, you know,
Los
Angeles,
it's,
I mean, you know, I know
that there's,
you know, poor parts. Um,
you know, so
I'm not
saying we're all rich,
but
I mean,
you know,
just
seeing
the
people
living in
sheds
practically
and
it was like,
my
eyes were really open to like how grateful I should be to live in the United States where I have like you know, bathroom, you know running water like you know no squatty potties. You know it's like yeah so I really appreciate that experience. So I really want to like um travel like with my kids and have them experience you know different cultures and stuff like that too. You know it's kind of sad because we've been moving slowly towards traveling like farther and farther. But then now the pandemic kind
of put everything on hold so we'll see.
Oh well. Yeah I mean um I mean right now we're doing like the U. S. So like I love I'm like I love varieties. I love going to new places so some places that I haven't gone to yet or like um I heard of like Zion Zion national park. Like I love going to different, you know, nature spots and I've never been to Yellowstone. So yeah, I feel like I just like to check off like every single site so that I haven't been to yet. So yeah. Dude, do you feel like you, you and your family like have more of the, like it seems like you have a very adventurous side, you know, I don't know, like my, some of my family doesn't like to travel. Like I'm talking about like my brother or sister, like I don't know how it is for you, but, or I don't know if your only child,
but
I've
been.
Good.
That's cool. So it's like your whole family travels. Okay. That's very cool. Yeah. Can I ask like what field of work you're in in saddle or? It was, I can tell it's some sort of something you can do over the computer.
That's cool. Do you think that I keep reading articles where there's different companies that say stuff like, um, like they're not, they're going to keep doing, um, you know,
now
I
forget
the
Yeah.
Have you heard that in circles or your friends circles or no, No.
huh.
Cool. Have you, have you ever heard of the like the Myers Briggs like introvert? Extrovert? Like, I wonder how much that plays into it. Like are you like, are you an introvert or an extrovert?
I
don't.
Oh no, not at all. I love talking about it. That's like one of my favorite things to talk about what you call. I don't know why but um I'm an I. S. F. J. Yeah.
sounds cool. You know it's really funny when I took that test in college. I was a I. S. T. J. And then
and I'm gonna kept taking it more because I kept being like well yeah like like you know they would have those questions about like like a judge like should they rule with their you know with their logic or with their heart and I was like constantly like um you know saying with their logic like I'm very like yeah I'm very like rational use my thoughts and you know that kind of stuff and then I don't know how I changed. Maybe I'm like maybe I'm a 60 40 or something 60 F. And 40 t I don't know what I am but like yeah so I hear you. yeah
I
no
yeah I don't know if it's my age like just I feel like but I don't know I don't know if that's true like because I feel like when I was young like when I was like in high school you know junior high you know my friends they would like so I'm I'm one of those people where I don't like people I hope that I hope this doesn't sound bad.
Like I don't
I
don't
mean
to sound
judgmental
but like back then like I was very like I would tell my fault sorry my throat. Uh
I would tell my friends like not to cuss so like they were very like oh Angela's here don't cuss you know like because I would be like don't cuss like you know I was like their moms or something you know I was like and it was like, so I think I was very like, rule oriented and I was like, you know, do the right thing, be good, you know, kind of stuff mentality growing up. And then like, when I when I got older like in college and um I saw, you know, um we would go to um serve homeless people and we would talk to people about like, you know, how did you become homeless? I think in the beginning I was very judgmental of people who are homeless, like, well
you like, didn't you were lazy, you didn't work hard enough like, and then you became homeless and then you see people have different family situations and um different circumstances
maybe sometimes beyond their control, you know, people who were vets, you know, and they have mental problems from seeing awful things. And then I feel like as I as I got older and older I saw different people's experiences and I saw like, oh there's more gray
in the world than I thought. Like I I used to think more black and white and I still like, do you think very black and white a lot? Like I'm
not saying I don't at all, but like right is right and you know, wrong is wrong, you know, I do think that way a lot. So,
but then I just realized there's more and more great like and yeah, like wow, like I don't know like this, like I just see how there's different reasons people do stuff and I don't know, I'm getting all deep.
No. So yeah, that's a great question.
Yeah. Cool. Yes, I know, I do. Have you felt like, I mean obviously I can tell that you're an asian like and you mentioned like you know it's more diverse in California. So I was wondering like um like has has being an asian person like has that shaped like um your identity? Okay. Maybe this is
too deep I'm
asking
I
don't know just I think this pandemic like especially in the beginning like you know with you know uh you know it being called you know china virus and different things like I experienced some you know racism and related to it and so I'm just thinking I'm just guessing that you probably did like on the east coast or I don't know have you experienced anything like you know since you've been back?
So.
That's neat. That's neat because my my parents live in an area where so I'm chinese you know are ethnically and chinese american. And so my parents live in an area that's um very chinese.
So there is a lot of like chinese supermarkets and you know lots of chinese writing everywhere. And so there's this one time like I was um the bridesmaid for when my friends from college and so I was in the car with her and um like
we were leaving the the um like rehearsal, the wedding rehearsal
and so
her mother in law, so
she
had married a caucasian man um from texas
and
so her mother in law was in the car with us and we were driving through the area where my parents are and she was commenting like wow like this is a lot of like chinese signs, like she was like very confused like he was like what's going on? Like she
was like
So then it made me realize like wow, like what would be like to live in texas or I don't know in other places where like I would miss, you know, chinese food and like just so much that I take for granted, you know, like, but it is part of my like cultural identity, like I feel like I'm half and half like I'm half american and I'm half asian, you know? Or I don't know, I
started
Oh no, no, now I started watching these like youtube channels like wang fu and stuff like that and like I just feel like because I live in an area that is um I'm like one of the few asian people here and so um so right now and so and so I feel like I needed to like connect with my asian side for some reason and I was like, I guess the way I could do this through youtube. I know
that sounds weird, but
Yeah. Yeah.
I remember I was so excited when like Crazy Rich asians came out right? So I made, I made my husband watch it like it's not like a romantic comedy kind of person but like, but I remember watching so my husband's caucasian actually. So um yeah, I remember watching it with him and being
like, do I identify with this or do I not identify with what is going on? Like, well these parts are kind of weird like and feeling like it's like I'm showing it to my husband as if it's supposed to represent me, but then it doesn't like, what do you mean? Like it's like well
part of it. So I would tell him, well this part I identify with this part is like what, I don't know what's going on. So I don't know if you watched it.
um Overall it was it was good but like, but I would have to say that um um Joy Luck Club, that's like a really old one. But I definitely felt, I mean I know they're in different genre genres because that's on drama and Crazy Rich Asians is like comedy but like um I just maybe it was the scenes of like of the people enjoy the club, like from the moms, like from the old country. Like
I felt like I could understand my mom better or like, you know my grandma, you know like that culture like kind of understanding like what what's, you know in my heritage versus like
crazy, crazy crazy graduations was
like very modern. Like I know that the mom of the male lead, like she had that the traditional stuff going on, but like other than her it was, I couldn't relate to a lot. It was like a little too
modern for me, I guess I'm too traditional, I don't know,
If that's a good point, right,
and you're out of it that way.
but
just
great.
Yeah, yeah, that's a really good point, you're right. Yeah, that makes me because I'm like, I can't quite put my finger on it, but I feel like you put your finger on it, so yeah, thanks.
huh.
Okay.
Oh no, go ahead. I feel like I'm talking way too much.
Oh yeah, I've been, I do feel like I'm kind of lazy lately, so I just, I just watch stuff like I'm not one of those people who like knit and I wish I could do all that like crochet or when, I don't know like,
but um, I did
knit when I was a kid, but
anyway, so I just watched
stuff. So
like, like
I mentioned like youtube. So I've been watching like this guy called Frank James. I think that's his
on
youtube. So like he, he does these like comedy skits on regarding um, I the Myers
Briggs stuff. So I'm totally into that right now. Yeah. So he, he will portray like all 16 personalities. So he'll do a situation like Jose,
you know, all 16 personalities as a boss. All of them as a teacher, all of them as like a girlfriend or you know, whatever. Like, so he's like, it's really funny and I keep trying to be like, wait, is that me? Like, and I'll point it out to my husband. Wait, is that you? You know? So yeah,
that's what I'm into right now
just discovering
new Youtubers, you know, funny funny Youtubers who like make me laugh and stuff like that. Yeah, there's a bunch of comedians on there. There are really hilarious. Yeah. What about you? What do you like to do in your spirit?
Yeah.
Do
you have do you have favorite shows or genres like that you like to watch?
I
am.
When?
Oh that's me. That's me. Do you watch with like
with your family or do you watch by yourself? Like are they into that or?
I heard of it. Wait, what
platform do you watch that on? And I've been wondering how to get on it.
So you watch it with your family
you're seeing? Right.
Oh, that's so cool. Very cool. Yes.
I'll have to check that out one of these days. How many seasons are there?
You're exciting. We've been, we've been trying to watch like the Disney movies as a family. So because we have two girls, so you know, they're into the princess thing. So like, yeah, they were kind of scared at first of the like scary stains. So we're trying
to like kind of, you know, gently move into it or yeah.
at the start of the pandemic, we subscribed. It's like, okay, we really need some stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. A mix. We noticed that like a lot of them, like the older ones have like um some really scary scenes, but then like Toy Story isn't as scary. I mean, there's a little bit of a scary scene and then like tank they really love tangled that one like it wasn't that scary. So Yeah, but then like the older ones like just like these you know evil like you know green face. I don't know like you know, they have like it's like
having nightmares like oh
it doesn't have to be so scary like. Yeah. But yes, yes,
we're trying to through it.
Oh no, we
haven't watched it yet, but
I don't think I'm gonna pay like what's it? $30?
For me it had such bad reviews like if it had good reviews maybe I would have paid the money for it. But then again, I I watched some Youtube reviews about it and it was like, so I was like so sad because I love the cartoon version. You know? So I was like, so you haven't seen it?
So.
huh
it sounds like a martial, like almost a martial art, like it's just all fighting like do you like those kinds of movies like?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't seen,
I mean I haven't seen a lot like I saw like Crouching Tiger and Dragon or like, you know, and then I don't know if Jackie chan counts because he's like comedy martial arts, but he's like awesome. I'm like wow. Like that he has skills. Uh huh
mm
Oh well cool. I was so nice to talk to you and
meet you.
Yeah, well good luck with your new job search and everything for sure.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It looks like we're I think that's enough time. Right.
thing. Okay.
It was
Nice to
see
you. Okay, bye.