Hello.
I meant to be here sooner. I was just looking at some clips.
I'm doing all right
for the most nice. Yeah. Yeah.
I was reviewing some of the clips from my channel earlier.
I'm going to decided to take like 38 clips today of me shooting people on the nether regions.
Apparently I have a bad bad reflex to go to the ground and shoot them there. So yeah. Anyways, that's my gaming experience for the day.
Well I have this button that is a clutch button on my mouse. That makes me basically go to my knees or slide. And I have a habit of actually hitting that around corners. And I just kept shooting people and it's like again
After about the 20th one today they're like we need a counter for that.
Okay.
I turned
the corner and shot to their including the teammates. They were all just around the corner. I don't know. I'm trying to find that one. Yeah. So that's what I was doing. That's why I was slightly late,
it's just, I don't know what the hell is just the
whole day. It was ended up with me just doing that and it's like, I'm not even trying to uh huh I promise I'm not a professional at that, they're here,
it makes you feel any better. I was aiming at one person over a teammate said, and he decided to jump right in front of me, A friend of mine and I shot him in the ass and killed him and the other guy,
I
was like, get a jumping jack ass,
Uh so yeah, uh yeah, so that's been my day, pretty much
Call of Duty, Modern Warfare.
Yeah, he hadn't played in a while, he was playing
hardcore
with me for the first time today. And every time he would turn around he was there and I shot him like so many times today, he was like, what's going on? I don't know. One time I turned the corner and I've just seen someone jumping around like a jackass, I turned around and shot him and it was uh that's a good jumping jacket. Yeah, I don't know. Every time I turned the corner I was shooting at him and I don't know why. It was like, he was always there at one point, he was looking out the window and I shot up there and I almost shot you again. It's like, I don't I don't know. Apparently he's a magnet for my bullets.
open it.
So
what kind of games do you play then? Normally you need?
What? Uh
yeah, a lot of people are getting into that one. Mhm
Me
yeah, there's not a whole lot of right. I mean there's a lot on out but there's not a whole lot of variety. Everybody's doing the battle royal thing these days.
Yeah. I don't like Battle Royale.
Look that. Yeah.
What's weird to me is how people enjoy drop it into a map that's really huge, running 10 minutes across it, dying and then going, Okay let's do that again.
It's like seriously? You spent all that time getting gear and weapons and stuff and you die and you just wanted to do it again. You know what? I could have done that in 10 minutes. I could have gotten killed probably about 20 times in the multi player and had fun.
She's
I don't like the single death crap just Yeah.
my
that's
still
pretty big.
It's still one of the top games out there and it's freaking nuts. Then again it's probably cause there's so many mods out there and so on. I can't play the game. It makes me feel nauseous and gives me a headache and hurts my eyes probably
that's blocking nature and narrow field of view and so on.
I can't
play like Fallout three or any like elder scrolls game because that makes me nauseous. Yeah.
I
don't
know
what
it
is about
those specifically, but those games made on that engine somehow
make me feel sick.
That I don't take well to
open World anyhow because I get overwhelmed cause there's too much going on and I need more sense of direction I guess
overly
inflated
these days. Yeah. Almost everybody thinks they need to do open world and it's like let's go back to a little more structure.
Well
RPGS
almost fit that mold more. But there's like, I don't know, not even all those need to be open world, honestly.
Which are three though. That was a beast of a game. I never even played it very much, but from I understand there was a beast of a game better but
Well, 2077 was just coming out to
then the World Warcraft expansion is about to hit next week as well.
I
played
off
and on since the alpha, the problem is that they destroyed the lore along the way and destroyed a lot of what made the original game so great along the way, they added some a lot of improvements and stuff, but they overdid something's made stupid decisions elsewhere and refused to apologize for any of it by the way. Yeah.
Yes, especially. Well now they've also removed its focus and core linking toward Warcraft and Warcraft
Lore in general. And they're opening up more to generalist stuff and that's a mixed bag seen it was called Her Stone and as kind of was deeply made as a wild card game whereas a Warcraft card game, so I never
did get to lead though.
I just don't like to click click click crap.
have
you played Smite?
I like Smite but the players are atrocious. Yeah
they
give up
at the first
sign of trouble. Like I'm out vote, vote to forfeit.
And then they don't know when to pull back there playing it like a shooter, they don't know when to recall, they don't know when to push and then it ends up being a what the hell are we doing kind of game? Yeah.
don't
play with Brando's. Oh no. Mm.
Which
is
sadly
all I normally play with. I literally was playing the joust game mode with a single lane and two of them were in the jungle, two of them were constantly in the jungle, leaving me to die in the single lane repeatedly. Now mind you only one should be in the jungle Out of three on 3. It's like what are you guys doing over there?
You
know what
I
want to be
the one that survives and wins? Yeah.
that's
basically
that's basically my kate. Because what happens is I get teamed up with these people repeatedly and I lose and my score goes so negative that they keep putting me with more crappy people and then I keep losing. It's a vicious cycle, I can't get out but I'm going to cry. Yeah
how can you fix the player base that it's kind of a big green thing. You
either visually start playing with the people that know what they're doing. So you get that rank up and get out of that or you just keep going into the vicious cycle.
It's
it's a pretty fairly large game. So it's cross platform on all major platforms now.
Yeah, all Nintendo Playstation, Xbox and PC all play together now.
So it's it's that paladins is doing pretty well.
I said it's pretty decent size still.
it said
they're
doing pretty damn well honestly
right. Just just make sure to bring friends. Just don't play the Randolph.
Sometimes
you wonder
if a monkey could play the game better.
can
I have a monkey on the other side please? One monkey please. I'll order one monkey. No, I need to. Sorry to Okay.
Oh my God, don't give them any ideas. I mean they
already
had
they already had a bulk of people playing Pokemon on twitter before. Yeah.
Put twitch plays Pokemon, you haven't heard of that?
Yeah, but it's like, it was so stupid that they actually beat like several of them now
and they're still
doing it.
They
each
new one that comes out they're going to do Yeah.
It's
mostly experimentation at
its worst.
I would
not want to sit there in that chat for any length of time watching those commands and a computer trying to calculate which way to actually go right while the character is just doing this kind of number, like caesar, like stuff.
I, you looked up and looked it up on wicked the other day and I didn't know they did more than one, but apparently they're going all the way through them.
Yes. There whoever is running as dedicated.
Yeah, that's why I say there's people
dedicated to
that
and they've already gotten that far, which is shocking.
I know. I like to that just the other day you're probably looking at the Wikipedia entry and it's like it's messed up.
It's like okay, that took an entire year. We're done. Oh,
You know, saddest people playing the game for 50 weeks probably still haven't beat it. And these guys that are just left left, left, left left are beating it somehow. Yeah. Like what?
I don't know, but there's
an inherent, there's an inherent delay to these streams to So they'd be saying left when they need to go right.
I don't know how long anyone can sit there and not lose her sanity watching that at attempt to be played. Yeah.
Yeah. They're probably doing one right now.
Well
the company
has a big good pedigree though is
why
that
company
has
not put
out a dud yet basically. So
I'd be shocked if this one became a dud when they're so focused on quality and that's why it's getting such high because it's the next game and series out
of a company known to put out nothing. But basically blockbusters.
I mean when they
game, they don't release too many of them. When they released one, it's done well each time.
There's a lot of lure there to
be had
and the first one saw her cake and everybody's like play through the first one
so you can know the story and then other people like you don't really have to and it's like, yeah, and then it's like why don't they re master the first one in like the second or third engine so you can actually play the damn thing and enjoy it somewhat
great.
I'm a collector, I have all that crap and I play them
still too, so
well,
I can probably, I don't know, it might depend on how old you are too in terms of that. Um if you grew up with it or not, that
kind of thing,
lot of the lot of the indie games are even going to that styles that might tell you something on that, not only is it cheaper to produce, you can make better graphics than back in the day and it's a lot of people just like that nostalgic vibe.
What what's
what's
frustrating me is, I don't even have a Nintendo switch because they're so exorbitantly priced right now, but they have that Battle Royale mode of uh Mario brothers right now um Super Mario 25 or something to call it, and they're going to discontinue it early next year, you're giving away for free and it's a battle Royale mode of the game, which actually somebody else had done previously and then you know how to them shut it down and now the Nintendo is doing it and they're going to just shut it down. It's like, why would you even do that? You put the money into my investment and making this, you gave it away for free, Players are enjoying it and you're just gonna pull the plug.
I mean, they already announcement came out that they weren't going to have it around forever and it's like if people are liking to let them play it,
maybe
sell some skins or bonuses or something. But I mean you already put the time and money into what's going to hurt to let them play it because I wouldn't mind playing it. I just don't have a switch right now. by the time I probably would end up maybe even having a chance at anyone, it'll be gone.
They were gone for like four or 500 right now.
They're having trouble importing enough and producing enough right now to do Covid
unless you want the light and anybody that buys the light deserves to be screwed over because those joycons and controllers keep breaking you by the light and the controllers are built in and you can't remove the controllers. Yeah, that's not a good idea. They're
notorious
for breaking,
I wouldn't buy one with them attached, I just wouldn't Mhm.
I think
that's
just
a fad that's Mhm. Going away quicker than it came upon us.
Well, there's certain applications where it be cool, but I don't think gaming is there another thing gaming will be until Probably another 10, 20 years? Because even if you have that on your head there's not much more to in mercy right now and I don't just for gaming I don't think it's great. I mean they did that Chernobyl um document documentary where you could walk through Chernobyl that's cool. Those kinds of things are cool but game and I just don't think it's quite intended for it. Not only does it make people nauseous, the frame rates
and the amount of power it takes to do it still is quite high.
I've
had people
swear
by though but it's just like yeah you're swearing by and you love it so much. Why are you
playing the regular version of that game? And has VR I've seen people playing regular versions of games that have er and I'm going why why if you swear by that it's better while you're not playing it then
I've
never tried
it but it's just I don't know. Then again I have to look at the old Nintendo virtual boy and it's like yeah let me let me not do that. Yeah let's go to the red and black screen again and say that's virtual reality. They
had maybe maybe 20 some games on that system.
Let's let's do that again.
It was like a boy kept going. They thought this is gonna be the next big thing. It's like how can you think putting that big bulky thing in your head and you can't even scrap it to your head? Put the big bulky thing in your head, you and those kind of numbers. Yeah. How could you think that's normal to look at the red and black screen that close to your eyeballs, not even color. I mean come on. Just Nintendo. Why weren't you smarter? Yeah.
Well
the
U.
U.
S. Told them not to do it and to know us did Nintendo. Japan because the guy that created the virtual boy created the game boy, they put too much faith in his ability to get a good system out that they went with it anyways
and so it hit market and just imploded. Mhm.
Yeah. No it was like let's let's release this worldwide and see it just flopped like a flailing fish.
Yeah I think he actually stepped down and resigned out of like honor or something after that. My understanding it hit him hard because of the failure.
I mean he created one of the greatest portable systems of all time of the game boy and I think they just put too much on him and too much faith in that and I don't blame him so much as them for one not having any oversight apparently. And two for pushing technology out. That wasn't ready. I mean as well ahead of its time and it wasn't ready. I mean Sega had a virtual reality system at the time but there's was actually halfway decent even though it didn't do anything. But they still had one that was better than that.
Amy history man. There's a lot of crap there. Right. Mhm.
Yeah.
I don't
know. I mean
if you want you try and you like it then it might be something for you. But I just don't see very many things coming out for it and the ones I have seen haven't been very impressive personally. But
um personally if I was to get
one I'd wait for further down the line when the hardware gets way better and the computers can power it better because still modern systems are having trouble struggling to give up power. Okay. Sorry.
yeah my my computers from 2013
so
but
I'm also using a computer in a different state remotely for gaming
and screaming
It's cheap and it's running an equivalent to 1080 in it which um it was supposed to be this year but because of Covid and hey it's 2020 let's have to delay it. But it was supposed to be upgraded to 2080 equivalent but that's not going to have until early next year now. No
this whole year can just go to freaking hell
shift.
Okay. All right. Well I think we've uh gone about to the gutters that we can go to So I hope you have a good one. Take care.
All