How you doing?
I don't know. One second. All
we're good
to hear. Sorry. I gotta keep one eye on the other side of the room because I have a bunch of newborn kittens to keep escaping from their pen.
Yeah. Let me see. Is that name? Is it better if I'm closer?
I'll try to
speak up. Yeah. Yeah, you're clear.
I'm okay. You're hanging in there. I got I got to
I got so many cats, it's killing
me. Yeah, that's what I that's what I was saying before. I'm like I'm going to talk but I gotta keep one eye on the side of the
room because my I
have a bunch of newborn kittens and they keep us keeping in this today, it's like the whole day. I'll just I'll just be focusing on something and all of a sudden there's just cats and I'm like oh
no.
Trying
to keep
What kind of dance?
I
think so. I think I know that, I'm
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That's cool.
Right. On.
bobby.
a little
bit. Oh,
that's
we.
That
You know, it's actually, it was kind of funny, you know the quarantine happened and you know, I was thinking about fostering like a cat or dog and then there was just crying on my doorstep one morning like at like four o'clock in the morning and it was just this like just like little kitten. It was like, it's like six month old kitten and it had no collar
and I asked around and like and and people are like, yeah, I saw that cats like real sweet and it was real sweet like like jumped up into bed with me and slept with me like the first night it was here and I thought it was a boy and then it started gaining lots of weight like really fast and I was just like, well this is great. Like the cats is like really healthy
now, we're giving it a bunch
of getting really fat. And then I just woke up one day and she was just like
having kittens
bro, I guess you're a girl, okay.
And I guess
we
got
Yeah, she literally showed up on our doorstep like we're a convent in the 19 fifties or something now, you know, it was
the perfect
place
to
come.
And
my thing. Yeah, I don't know. My the only thing that I could figure is either either she could just smell that we used to have a cat. So maybe there's just
cat
smell
on everything or maybe
it's
the apartments, I don't know like maybe maybe she was owned by someone who died and then she she's just been going around the doors and the apartments trying to get lead in. But the door doesn't know because they died. Maybe because I don't know, nobody knows where this cat came from, but it's super sweet and knows how to use the litter box. It's not afraid of people. Like it's it's very click. It knows how to like go in behind the blinds on like a sliding glass apartment door. You
know, like a deck door. It's like this cat lived in an apartment here. All right.
that's
true.
Not now. She's she's my cat now. Help you give birth to six kittens and you are my cat.
Where's
work?
Well, and especially because like, I lived in a living like Atlanta, like our Atlanta suburbs where like, you know, it's it's city, but there's enough like forest stuck
around everything that there's just coyotes, like everywhere
in every.
Of the real
You don't
have
it.
No.
wow. That's like a for real wild dog. That's amazing.
I have, I have a friend that lives on the, I think the texas Louisiana border somewhere somewhere around there and he was talking about how there's just like herds of wild dogs but herds of wild pigs and just and like all of this over breeding happening of all these different
kinds of animals at once and they just swarm like he's like, he's like,
like board. Like he said
like one
day you'll see like a bore run by and then you'll be like, hey honey, come outside and look there's a wild boar
in the yard and by the time she gets outside there's like 50 of them and I'm just like there's 50 boars in your yard.
Like
I was just like, what
do you
do?
You can't
this
Yeah. I bet those things, those things are deadly, like just one of those things can just completely murder you. You can, you can Absolutely.
I have a friend who who hunts deer and then like has dear me like all year long and and like and he had the same, you hear me
Yeah. Yeah. It's no worries.
I think it seems okay on mine. If it's coming through on yours then we should be good for
now
I
think.
I have a generally pretty stable connection, so it should be good. Um I was talking
about
good.
that's cool.
And
I
Uh six in the litter? Yeah, 66
You know, it's funny because I, you know, when I realized the cat was pregnant, then I was just like, okay, and I started contacting friends, being like, who wants kittens? I'm about to have a super cute cat. It's super friendly. It's almost certain to
have super cute friendly kittens. And I didn't mention that she's like super long and I suspect that there is some wildcat in her in her somewhere because
she's just so long longer than normal house cats. So these cats are going to be huge too. So, you know, I was sort of worried that if I didn't set that up with anybody that my mom would grow incredibly
attached to all of the kittens, which has happened and then she would start floating
things about how, you know, they
bonded and it's the whole family, you don't break it. Then I feel really bad about breaking up the family, like I don't want to do that at all. So I live in a freaking apartment. I can't have seven cats, especially long. You know, it's sort of vaguely Wildcats. I don't know what to do. I
genuinely,
Thank
you.
would.
Pickle.
Yeah. It's like I'm less concerned about finding people to take them than I am about myself being able to give them away. I've just never been in this position. Like I, you know, I've had I had a cat for like 14 years and like, I love the shit on my cat, but like, it was never a situation where I'd like split her up from siblings or something. Like just the idea of taking kittens away from their mother. I mean just now, like right now it's there five weeks old tomorrow and like if I take one and just pet it for a while, cats, just like yeah, like fairly, just just not comfortable once once the baby there and from all the like the guides, the adoption guys, I've seen stuff, it's like five weeks
people give them away at this time. Like this is the time where they start.
I think it's a little it's supposed to be a little longer, but I have seen people do that and it's just like this seems really soon to do that to me, and just you take.
I mean I wouldn't I wouldn't even try to give any of them away before like four months, maybe even five. But by that point will I be so attached to them
that I'm just not even going to give them up and then
my is going to become
about these giant seven cats that I have.
I think it probably
will.
I'm yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna have to keep some no
matter what happens. I
didn't really think about like I was talking to my friend who has been a groomer for years and she was like well whatever you do you make a decision real quick because you know they'll start breeding soon. I was just like I mean not that's there and just like I
mean
pretty soon
like.
Yeah It's like
she kind of did the exponential math for me. She's just like you could have 500 kittens like quick, you could have 500 kittens in like half the year. And it's just like how it's like I've always heard these things what spate of cats because there's so many stray cats and I understood that there are a lot of stray cats but that's that's there's so
many. There's just so
many.
I'm
about to meet that lady.
Hand. Yeah. My old apartments there was like a there was like a crazy old cat lady who lived there for decades but she took really good care of the cats. And then a new apartment company bought the complex and raised everyone's rent by $700. And that lady just took the cats.
It was a lot of cat. I mean it must have been 2025 cats, but they
just finished with
her
and it
was like all right. I guess they
were hurt that she's
I know.
So nuts, chickens are crazy, like they're they're impossible to catch. I don't even understand how people are able to do anything with chickens because any time I've ever spent time around them, they don't want to be touched by you, they want to be away from you. You try to get near them, they just get away. It's it's
night they're like guinea pigs
who
are
That's funny.
They
They
like
they got the same vibe the guinea pigs have were like I think we could get along, but you're just so afraid that I'm going to do something. It will take years to convince you that I'm not going to do something. Even then I think you'll probably think I'm about to do something.
But I guess
chickens,
I was saying chicken, chickens, like guinea pig, like rabbits.
You know, it's like, if you could,
once they, once they trust you, then they trust you and it's totally fine, but it takes years to get them to trust you.
that's kind of good
parents.
That's how I feel about birds. I have a like a ton of friends that just love birds and they're pretty and you know, and I get bonds and they do seem like they genuinely like them and stuff, but you look in their eyes and just like these things are like dinosaurs. They, I don't know what they're thinking at. All their eyes are just
Boyd's,
you know, it seems friendly, but what's a pair of thinking? Uh,
I guess it just
depends
on the bird.
When I was in high school, I dated a girl who had a it's a special kind of parakeet. It was one of the, it was one of the talking kind of parakeets, but it didn't talk, didn't say any phrasing. It just laughed. Like her mother laughed and her mother had high pitched like uh kind of fake southern laugh. And so this bird with just every five minutes sometimes even less. Well just and and you
just be on the phone with her and that would just be a nonstop thing and I just it was awful. It was incredibly obnoxious. Just unbelievably obnoxious.
Was it?
That's
amazing.
That's literally something that happened on twin peaks and that happened in real life.
Everything
happens
eventually literally sent jet from a 90 soap opera. Mhm.
It sucks.
It's no fun And I imagine it's pretty much the same everywhere. But I don't know if people, I don't know. I guess people here might be a little more aggressively, denial ist about it.
I
guess
it just I don't know. It goes around like some days I go out and everyone's wearing a mask and I'm like, well that's good. And then the next day I'll go out, it's nothing but yuppies who look like super aggressive about not wearing one. And I'm just
Just
I just
always
thought
that there was some sort of bottom level to like protecting yourself and protecting your family. And even if if you believe chances are small for something, you still protect your family or whatever. These people are so aggressively, like not protecting themselves. I just it's just mad
started talking about how masks
are killing people with. I mean like I just we all know that doctors wear them. So what like why would you think now? It's like what you would let a surgeon wear one while they perform on you for like hours. They didn't pass out while they were doing your heart transplants. So I just I just uh
is
the problem.
of
course.
It's just so horrible because it just makes this keep getting further and further away. It feels like just the entirety of this year, we're just going to be locked inside if we're lucky enough to be like not having to work and like the people who do have to work are just so screwed. We're just all so screwed. And you just see like other countries that were just like we just shut it down and now it's better so now we're reopening and then we're like ok we're reopening too. It's like, but we didn't do that. Okay, cool. Right.
pretty much. Yeah. And I don't have a working car so I have to take Ubers everywhere. So it's like, you
know, just trying to insulate like, you know, just like the mask is a necessity. I take care of my mom, you know, she's older and like we're both because of that, we're both at high risk. So it's like I got to win this if somebody in line wants to have some sort of political argument with a stranger in line at the quiktrip, that's bizarre and I'm not gonna do that. But regardless,
you
know, if you're going to like sit there and like ironically cough at me, that's a real cough, like you are literally, you know, but I'm not going to say that we're not going to have this back and forth, like an Uber waiting outside of a quick trip. It's madness. Just hate
it's just a
I
don't think it's wearing matters on this, but it's just so yeah, it's so like if it was, if it was just the threat of it, which is a real threat that would be like
But like beyond that there's an attitude of like that I'm naive that we are naive. We're just buying into this whole plague thing. It's like the whole world shutdown. You think the whole world shut down and make some political argument in America. It's the world, man. Yeah. Just
And then
I
know,
I mean and you know kids are dying of this like I know they like they want kids in schools and they're really, really sick of their kids, which is I guess with the part that
they don't want, they're really really sick of their kids and they really was somewhere
immediately. And I get that I mean you know months inside with
and
make
it makes total sense
but
like I mean you're positive you're not feeding your kid into a death machine. Like I mean I thought parents were like super over protective like and that was like the defining feature of this age of parenting is that they're just like helicopter parents. Everybody's like maybe they're not even gonna get their kids vaccinated because they're so afraid of theories of possible connections to think don't exist. And it's like so this is a real plague. Like this is actually the event that that all of your bullshit has been like leading towards all this time and now you're just not even into it. You're just like I'm not going to take the vaccine when it comes out because I think there's a infant testimony. Small chance that a billionaire is going to put a microchip into my bloodstream. It's just like you.
The essential
oils.
It's just so frustrating because every person that says it to you, you know, it's just like, wow interest vaccinations like but you're standing here in front of me at 50 60
years at age. Seems like she's
worked out real well for
you. You don't have polio. You are.
No,
you're not wheelchair. You don't have diptheria, you didn't die as a child. You never got lockjaw. Like these things are so common. I really think that is true with like essential oils. People in anti bags, people, it's all coming from this like denial of climate change like sciences and feel like there's all these scientists are going to say this one thing, but they're all liars. Don't trust the scientists, don't trust the doctors and now we're
that'll
I worry that it's more widespread than any of them realized. You know, they always do these articles about what social media is doing the young people. And I just I just keep thinking like, is it is it the young people that are getting messed up from it? It seems like the old people are the ones who don't have any way to protect themselves against the worst parts of it. They're the ones that are falling for all this shit. They get their news from memes. Like
it's so
They all
know.
it's yeah, it seems like it's part that we've got ours and part sort of having this idea that things are the way they were when they were our age, but we're just lying about it or exaggerating it to try to get sympathy from them. But like, you know, oh I worked my way through college, working at a burger king in 1973 and you can do that today and it's just like no I can't. And they're like, oh come on, you're just being lazy and it's like no, I literally can't like that's crazy. That's no one would think
I would be able to do that and I
think that's part of it. And like there used to be all these government loans and special programs and stuff that we're like good programs that actually did provide loans to probably only white people, but at least, you know, a lot of money was going out of the government so it was easier to get by a middle class. All has gone. It's
all been wiped out.
I know.
no worries. It's
been
talking to you.
cheers pleasure