Yeah Okay. The last time Mhm. It's not like that. Mhm. Something like that yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right
good,
let me get this volume up here. That's
it.
I can't hear you. Is there any way you can turn your volume up?
Yeah it's a little better you
hear
how are you? Teacher?
Here
cats.
this
one
You
have. Mhm. I
love
animals. I have a lot of dogs, not cats, but I love him. Yeah.
Well these these dogs are larger dogs I have like um they're all rescue dogs. So pit mixes of Full Pitbull and uh american Dingo. I don't know if you know it's like uh it's the original american dog that came over with the american indians, you
know
like all the other oh
they are going to love the Dingo. Yeah
bobby, I'll show you. Come on, come on hold on, I'll see if I can get her up a
little bit sick. Come here. Hey. Hi,
he's here. She's a good
girl.
she's
wild.
She's nuts.
So how did you come by having newborn kittens?
It is.
You
know?
Thank
you.
It's
like
she
point to you because she was pregnant. She needed help. That's sweet.
I
wonder
why
she
told you. Maybe she was watching you out and about going into your car and whatnot. That's
interesting.
we'll
find
out.
Thank
you.
Before,
she she might even still have somebody in that those apartments still with how cats are. They can go from household to household. You don't even realize your cat is being fed by three other houses on the street. That's
how they
are.
Do
you keep
her inside now? It's much better for them and for the environment?
What?
I would use me
too. I'm in texas. So there's coyotes, coyotes everywhere. They'll get any kind of small animal around here, there everywhere.
And not only coyotes, but actually puppy that I just showed you, I used to think that, you know, so we live in like a small town texas, like a lot of woods, you know, in the swamps where the swamps meet the forests. And so the dogs actually Carolina
dogs,
they
come through Georgia, Carolina Georgia all through the south, following the bayous down here and they've kind of been forced out of those areas, so they're more in texas and Arizona now. But I would hear these packs of what I thought were coyotes chasing prey and they were, I was so astounding because I was like coyotes don't usually hunt in packs.
And finally my dad was like those are coyotes, Those are wild dogs. And sure enough not. But a few months later my husband walked outside and scared the mom off and there's this little baby right there. So I took her in. She's wild. Yeah. She's nuts.
Well they're domesticated like any other dog originally, you know from Asia? But for the last 100 couple 100 years they've been wild. So yeah, she's very wild. She's
Wild
boars. Yeah.
Were
dangerous.
Bye.
Travel
and the talks.
They're
out here
too. People
out here one time they put a uh it's something they used to hunt wild boars. It's like a like a cage and they put
food in it and then it goes in and gets trapped. Well they put one out there and this is when I first took in my rescue dogs and they were actually running around out here. Somebody wasn't taking care of them. And this is when I heard I heard them out there, I just started to feed them and decide whether I wanted to take them in or not. And I hear him crying out in the woods and sure enough he's caught up in one of those big board traps. So I took him out and I took the trap to because it pissed me off. Probably means I'm not. But yeah, they hunt them out here, it's crazy and they are aggressive.
if you come across it in the wrong spot in the woods it can kill you for sure, but I don't really worry about it. I mean they're everywhere and they're more shy if you see them, you're only going to see them when they're like maybe like 30 of them together and then they're moving across the street, but normally you don't even see them or hear them. And and honestly, I don't even like I've had some uh friend of my husband hunts um which I hate, but you know, you got to to control some of them. I'm, you know, I love animals, but you know, so I don't give him shit about it, but it really don't like to hear about it. But he gave us some meat one time trying to get me to be like, you know, it's good to try it and I didn't like it. I thought it was bad.
Uh is pausing. Yeah, don't do anything on the internet because I don't know if it's my I don't think it's mine because mine is still going okay. Yeah, thank you. Okay, You're still there. Good. I take his last time to halfway into it. It was my fault that time though. I think that was yours. It's just the internet lagging.
What?
Do
you think so? Okay, let me turn
my
phone off to make sure it could be mine, so I'm not taking up my bandwidth. All right. That might help. Mhm.
It
was good now. Yeah.
My dad's a hunter and I've always been an animal lover, but he's also an animal lover. He instilled it in me. He we wrote he raised like he started out with like box turtles when we go out into the country because I grew up in a sub suburban area in Houston and only moved out into the country when I'm in my older age. But uh we used to travel, you know, a couple hours into the country and see box turtles in the road and we pick them up and it started out as him doing that for us. And then we started going to reptile shows and raising like tortoises, different african and south american tortoises, we still have a few my parents do, but just from there it was just I became an animal lover,
we got all sorts of stuff between
my
parents. So how many parts do you have in your litter?
What are you gonna do?
One.
Maybe
he?
With
me.
I
used to work and and uh finding homes for animals like I worked in uh who will rescue and a lot of different rescues and things like that and you can kind of take a stance on it, like your advertising them and like create little stories, take when
you take
pictures, put them on craigslist or something like that. You gotta, you gotta, you know vet the people make sure they're going to be a good home for it. But cats people don't usually take cats to do anything weird with them. Mostly just
dogs, so it's easier to get rid of them, but make sure you're putting them on their wilder kittens and take like a really nice photo shoot where it's real sunny or if you're doing it inside, like have like a nice blanket in the background, something that like will sell them and like write a little story
and it doesn't hurt to give them a sob story and say they're going to die if you don't get rid of them and stuff like that and put them on craigslist and you might be able to get rid of some of them at least.
Is
it five weeks for cats?
I would with like 89 11 weeks. I think I waited until 14 weeks with my puppies. When I when my dog had puppies. Long time ago. It's okay. Yeah.
You
are.
It's
gonna be harder for you than it will be for the mom at that point. Probably.
Do
you have any do you have like friends where like what I did with my puppy, my poodles, I had gotten a new poodle and I admit to get her fixed and then they like I sent her off for two months and when I brought her back she was still in heat despite not realizing it. So you know, two months later we had a puppies. I gave them all the way to my my mom's friends and just people I really trusted and I knew that I could check in because it was so hard and I kept two of them. So
more people
thank
you
spoke
sooner
than
you think less than a year. Yeah.
Right. I think so.
They're
terrible
for the environment as well. Like around here they have this neighbor, you always got that crazy neighbor lady who's you know like she's kind of crazy but she has like 50 cats
so
I have to feed them because she doesn't feed them. So I go out there every night. Yeah because they'll just destroy the environment if you don't feed them. So I go out there and I feed her crazy cats pretty much every about every other night just to keep them from killing everything
It's
always
I'm
not gonna like
that.
If
they take care of them then you know, I might be a crazy old dog lady one day, so who knows? But they take care of them, that's one thing. But man, it bothers me when they don't take care of them, but you know, in my neighbor's case she's got a few problems I think. So, I try to help her out at least I love animals, so you can count on me to do that. We also have chickens, which I'm not really used to because I grew up in the suburbs in Houston. So now I'm getting with all these crazy chickens or like crazy dinosaurs.
I made friends with them too.
they're
gonna mean
they're
kind of meeting for real. They are, I just have one after years and years of feeding their stupid chickens and raising them from little babies just so I could pet one. Finally, after three years I got to touch it just a little bit before it freaked out and I was like yes I was really happy. That was yesterday.
How
was I think and
feel
them down to?
what
kind
what was it
do you think?
rabbit.
I worked at a pet shop and yeah the rabbits were never very friendly but they were adorable but they have dead eyes like their eyes they look evil, don't they
always
saw evil.
they're
so foreign.
I find birds really interesting. I don't have out of all the different kinds of animals. I'd say that I have less experience with birds. Um Other men working at the pet shop and it was really neat, they had a bird there and it talked and things like that but I've always wanted to see how that is. You know how it is to own a bird?
I don't
know.
It seems really loud though and annoying.
You
hear about that bird that uh they used in a I don't know they used in a court of law to convict a murderer because it was repeating back the murder scene.
It was like yeah, I was like no fuck you, I'm gonna kill you. And the bird was playing it out of his murdered owner. It was terrible
to be
honest, but I thought it was funny.
It
just
happened.
you live it you say you live in Georgia, is that where what's it like going on over there with the coronavirus and everything?
Socks?
And
you're
too
here too. My husband works in delivery and he's had people that he's delivered to like confront him about wearing a mask and saying it doesn't work. He's literally wearing one that has like a carbon filter and they're telling him it's not gonna work. He's like, yeah, it is going to work pretty well.
Yeah, I think that's nuts. It's nuts.
What's
going
on
aggressively? Stupid.
crazy.
You know
the
same people will be wearing masks when the winter comes around and they're cold, the same people are gonna be like, oh masks, okay, then they're
going to
put it on watch.
it could be all done. It's it's pretty crazy here as well. People are not luckily we have like in texas, you know, I guess George is not much different, it has a lot more room to move around. And so the property, my property is like, yeah, it's a little over an acre, almost two acres or something so I can move around here. But I think it must be difficult for people in apartments. I used to live in apartments to, I don't know how I would handle it. You must never get outside.
girl.
But I like
it.
That's
something like I haven't even left and something like that happened to me just like the day before yesterday we on the property part of our property, we sold two friends of my husband and their, uh, their building, you know, building the property of putting a house on another stuff. And they were out here the other day cleaning it up And I was saying to my husband, I was like, I was like, don't forget because they had their friend helping them was like, don't forget to stay stand six ft away since we don't know them. And there's a lot of weird jerk offs out here that are just like aggressively stupid like you were saying and I think they overheard me because my voice is really high pitched and so then I was walking inside and they're going, I'm like motherfuckers, fuck you, I should have said that I'm here, but that's how I felt.
It was rude.
just one question.
Then you hear the ones that get sick and of course, you know, leopards ate my face, you know, I can't believe that you want me.
But yeah, that's the same way out here and it's all the evangelicals and Baptists and crazy religious people, which, you know, we try to stay away from, but luckily you get all types of Houston, there's all types, but yeah, just like that, I don't even leave the house and I get that shit, you know, So it kind of pissed me off a little bit to be honest route, you know? And then what are you gonna do when it's your grandmother who's you know dying? And my parents are like you said your mom and you are at risk, my parents are as well. So you know, you could be young and still get sick and
die.
You see that everything,
I'm
of them,
I need to I worked as a nanny, you get sick
of
them, I'm gonna have anybody. I
work this
one.
I think that anti back stuff is like really closely aligned with the facebook misinformation and also the people who are like about oils and stuff, the crazy, you know, snake oil people like my husband's mother, she was walking the borderline of that
doing like
trying to sell those, you know, you know, pyramid schemes. And like then one day I was talking to her about vaccinations years after being with them, I had no idea. And she's like, well, I'm kind of against vaccinations. I was like, oh, okay, all right. I didn't know I had one in the family, This is great.
No,
the vaccinations
it
worked out
well.
Well, I know her in particular, she was on facebook when she came across it and she was specifically in those, you know, essential oils pyramid scheme stuff. And I think somewhere along the line, those women's groups on faith, I don't get on, I have a facebook, but I don't get on them. So I don't know exactly. But I'm pretty sure that's where it got started and then it spread from there. And then like you said about why it got started and everything. But I suspect that's why which is really interesting that they're not, you know, well they are kind of cracking down on facebook now but
hopefully it warms up.
They're crazy. It's just plain crazy.
Even my parents who are boomers aren't, they're not crazy like you know like what we've been talking about plus like anti abortion, but my parents are conservatives and it is generally like you get yours kind of attitude and fuck everybody else.
And
I think that that is the I think that's at the base of what the issue is, they really just don't care about other people lisa at least that's how it is for the people I've seen.
it's
impossible.
It's
all gone. They were so selfish
generation of selfishness. That's what I think it pretty much is. Um Well it was really nice to talk to you. I gotta sign off now because I think we did the 25 minutes and I got to let my boyfriend get my husband get ready for work.
I
mean it's
it's been nice talking to you. I'm so happy. It was somebody nice the last I did this once before and I really did not like the guy. So talking for 25 minutes was like excruciating, but at least it was a cool guy at this time. So then I still I'll talk to you
bye.