Well, home screen. I don't think my persons joined quite yet. Yeah. Yeah, my hair looks okay. You can put it to the side, you know why? Yeah. Kind of sucks. I can't move my a little window. I should have just Mhm Yeah. Hair is just being, dude, it's cool. Oh yes. Morning. I don't think what we've got movement. Hello?
am having some sound issues me just a second. Yeah. Okay. Why is my sound not working? Um Right, let's try. Looks okay. Hello? Yes,
I can. Can you hear me? Fantastic? I'll turn that down quite about. There we go already. Hi, my name is Brandon. Where are you?
I'm tired this this week was crazy. We're getting ready for a busy time at work, so,
but
we're
going to
uh north Texas. We're about 10 minutes away from the Oklahoma border.
I've actually only been outside
of texas
like
three times. I need to change.
I've been through Dallas
few
times, but we live a little bit closer
to uh we're in Wichita Falls,
so we're right by the Oklahoma border. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
I have
this
is my
second
one. My purpose when I
spoke to a super nice southern grandma lady from Georgia that told me her peach cobbler recipe.
Yeah. And we tried, it was actually a pretty good recipe. Is this your 1st 1?
See
My
1st
1.
completely good. The easiest money is always the best money. So
there you go. Maybe
it's just the way
that people
from, I
always thought it was just
like the way that people from different areas of the country like converse or like maybe they're seeing that people are going to start getting heated on like political things or something like that. They're just seeing how quarantine is
affecting
the human mind says my yet. Yeah.
Um So what is the, what is what's one of your hobbies? Yeah.
Okay. I feel that I've got a six year old that's currently playing roadblocks in the living room. So I get it
a little girl.
So fun. So you've got still terrible sometimes but adorable face that you have to forgive And then Chinese version of that amplified by 10.
Well
I
tried
to repress but unfortunately some of it still comes through everyone smile. But my child, when she was two, she was actually pretty manageable. She was actually really sweet and quiet and happy. But then when she had like 3.5 it was like right on the six
months of her 3.5 it was like satan had taken up occupation and her body or something like she went to hell and just we had some trouble with her for about three months and then she went back to just being pretty mellow and that was the craziest
time that we ever had to wear.
It's
it was just like a light foot home.
We've actually
got her, uh luckily my mother
in
law
is
and essentially homeschooling her now. Um it's through the districts of the public school that she would have been going to and that she had gone to for kindergarten, but they didn't necessarily, we didn't like the health precautions that they were taking for covid. Um So we decided to do the virtual learning and her mom, even with me working from home was like, hey, she's my only grandchild, let me help raise her. You know, she's awesome.
So
Oh my God,
like I tell
everybody
I meet
there, like, so
your, your
mother in law seems pretty cool. I'm like, oh, she's the best woman that's ever been born. And I think every day for allowing me to exist, she's just awesome.
no, they have technically three different options. I think there's one where you can go just fully in person or fully virtual
or they have what's a mix where it's essentially
like you're in the classroom most like half of the time and then the other half you're doing virtual stuff for like electives,
like art and key and music and all that. But just our our governor for texas just isn't doing a very good job with Covid. And then our local county is also just being very um, we're going to listen to all the rednecks
and hillbillies that still want to play golf and be able to go to the shooting range and bowling and not wear masks. So
we
we were like, you
know,
they do, we actually have one city that's right outside of ours. It's just like a little kind of country town where they just made it toward elementary kids do not have to have a mask. But then they also had a massive outbreak at their high school. We're out of 128 kids that go to the high school. I think this is that 62 of them tested positive in one day. But
absolutely.
And
hospital.
Anti
maskers,
we have a few people down here, but
don't
I mean it's
mostly
just like The crackheads at 7:11 and the rednecks that driving the massive trucks, they think they're better than everybody. But other
than that, most people tend
to be sticking with the mask. And I mean social distancing is all for, you know, nothing down here. But they least do the mask and try to keep everything sanitized, but we're still not, you know, like going out to eat or anything.
Yeah, we've got tons
of time,
Like
why
do you
want
convenient damp and
just like
kind
of icky most of the time and be like, this is a good place to go during a viral epidemic,
Absolutely.
When we first started
with this, I was like, no, I don't want to do video calls with people for like a buck and then we get started getting more
into it. I was like, okay, this is actually pretty neat. You know, it doesn't take, you kind of get to have, you know, a little bit of fun with it and you get a couple of bucks hoist on stuff. Why not? Yeah.
My life is actually getting ready for her video call because mine was scheduled for 9:00 and um her is is scheduled for 10, so as soon as I get she's essentially hopping down and sit in my chair and just using my work computer for two well
100.
Yeah That's a crazy thing to me is like
they're always like Okay well it has to be 25 minutes long and I'm like Man, even
if
you're just
like super
vibrant with
somebody like you all just get along
great. 25 minutes is a
long time to be forced to talk. Mhm.
You know after 15 minutes, like even my best buddy, I'm like Alright man, like let's do something else, this is too much.
there
that's
Oh that's where
my
last
conversation
with
is a little bit political but she was on the opposite
side
for
me that she was she was pleasant about it, so I was happy.
Yeah went from peach cobbler to how she hates donald trump but at least he wears a suit and I didn't understand that one but I just I rolled with it.
actually just signed up for that I think like three days ago
and I've been a little bit busy at work, I was looking into it to see if it was cool but I just I haven't had a chance to actually start anything on it but I think tomorrow I'll have a little bit of time to actually be able to look into it.
Mhm. I had one
a couple days ago
where
like I did everything
right on it and then I missed the last um attention check on it and it was like for £99 or something and they waved it because of that last attention check that I felt and I know that I felt I was like, oh, I should have switched that because I clicked the wrong one and they felt that I was like, man, that's fair. But it still sucks.
I did. They haven't said anything, but I was,
yeah, they've been um everybody that
I've
worked with on its own bars with super cooperative except for one,
but they just, they didn't respond, but they ended it early for something. So I don't know
See my wife
was
just telling
me
about a week and a half
ago before
I started
looking into it
about it and I was
like, okay,
that actually looks pretty cool. And I was doing
some research
and you know, it was going pretty cool. And I just, I never actually got to the point of actually sitting down and starting anything on it, but
Yeah, I got mine from prolific and I've
been
on here for about uh Let's say three months or so, just a little bit after March. So I'd say probably like april 10th - 15th or something, somewhere right around there. And I mean, we've made enough to, you know, be happy with it because I just sit here while I'm working from home and if I see a little notification pop up, I just click through it real quick while listening to music. I'm good to go.
Right. It's a great way to waste
time,
because
at least you're making a little bit of money.
Makes you feel important because you're like, oh, I have to switch this from british talent so that I could use it over here.
Yeah, I got one a couple days ago, it was for like 17 and I was like, that's not right. That's going to say like 75 Since or something and it was 17 and I was like, Wow, that's awesome. We get to eat pizza tonight
instead of bread. Uh huh.
You don't
handle
Exactly. And that's what me and my wife we're talking about one of the first times we're talking about it because she got like 13 covid surveys in one day. Each one of them was for, and I got like six, but each one of them was like an hour or like a half hour long and for like $3. And it was just like, man, I've done nothing but click on buttons for Covid. To me, it's like, yeah, it's kind of
like
a bummer. Do you want
to watch something
funny on Youtube? Like that's how we've been dealing with coronavirus is just watching epic fail compilations and just pretending it's not existing over at home.
You can scan through
and
it's anything that says, please select or something along those legislators. Check click.
The
one that was like, it was actually almost entertaining. It was like just to make sure that you're paying attention and that it was like this weird little like word
puzzle thing and like you have to select the correct answer is something that is pretty simple. But it was like the most unique attention check that I've seen so far. Okay, cool. Well, at least there, you know, trying to make it better than please select strongly disagree well. Mhm. So how is the weather just north of Chicago
Oh north. It's just, it's hot and humid. Pretty much all the time. We got two days of it being in the sixties And then it dropped down to like 40 And then it spiked back up to 95 the same day. Mhm. Take it.
Everybody was like I was
here
and I was like,
no, it's not, it's never here until about like january and then all the trees
dying, it
just
feels like McGee crap and then ices over
one
time and a bunch of people getting
rex
and like script like ours and then it's over and it's hot again,
We have summer
and then we have diet summer and the closest thing that we've gotten to an actual winter was just a freak blizzard and I think it was like 2010 or 2011
and it like it blanket, it is more than, I think texas has ever been hit. But other than that it's just, I've lived here my entire life and we've seen real snow I think twice
the
right. See I'm envious because me and my uh at least I will now um I hop on my truly
app sometimes and I go and search for like houses and like Anchorage Alaska like Seattle wash and I'm like whenever we discover the next blah blah blah and we become filthy rich, this is the house that we're moving into. And she's like, okay sure, whatever do. Well,
It's really not. They got some nice houses out there. They're like $3,000 a month for like a two bedroom. It's like 800 square feet. But I mean, I think if I'm going
to move anywhere, it's probably not going to be
somewhere
where it's like 800 square feet for $3,000 a month.
we have, I think 1200
square
feet, 300 and we pay 750.
That's just the amazon
plane
that flies
in and lands
on the river. I was a moose or
two and it's
like,
here's your pepper
shaker.
Exactly. Well you gotta wait through
all the maple syrup and poutine and stuff before you get there. So how many jokes about Canada and Putin? But I had a poutine from a restaurant here in town a couple heard not a couple days ago before Covid and it was actually fantastic and I totally understand why they just,
I don't
know,
hug in your
mouth
and
it's like, here you go buddy, just have a better day. Like especially as a fat kid, like as soon as I figure out what was in poutine, I was like, I need to have that. Mhm.
Yeah, it's um
yeah, essentially just fancy cheese for is oh, man, so what do you have planned
for the rest of the weekend? Yeah. Uh huh
I
think
I'm going to complain.
Okay, that's not
too man.
that's not too bad. One class can always be fun.
absolutely, luckily we were with my hobby, I played dungeons and dragons because I'm a massive nerd. And uh with my hobby, we went electronic for a little bit at the beginning of quarantine um playing online and then we finally, about a month and a half ago got to the point where we were playing in person again and it's every other week and it's just me and a bunch of fat dudes getting together and just, you know, doing random fantasy crap on the table. But it's just having that hobby, like actually with my friends and being able to get out of the house, everyone soil is just it's made a world of difference like with being able to at least remember what day it is because I'm like it's not frightened. Okay.
bank or Mhm.
But
well it depends on what type of software website
you're using. Like the main one that we used is called roll 20 because you know, you roll 20 sided dice and all that stuff, but it essentially makes
it as a virtual
tabletop. So when you're actually looking at maps and stuff, you're able to move little avatars that you've made to essentially work like
you're there in person and they've got all of the books and the rules that are built into it because the DND is just a fancy way of saying
that
you know you really want to play pretend with your friends and you want to include math and primitive Phil. But online it's actually pretty cool. There's a bunch of
different
software so that you can use with it. But it's mostly just um knowing that you have enough people to actually be able to utilize the websites that they have. Because if you only have like two or three people sometimes it's not that great, but if you have like four or five then you can start putting in like api Softwares that actually process roles and enemies and stuff like that for
you.
Sometimes it's a video
chat
most
of the time it's
just voice. Um it's just audio because a lot of the guys are just like, I don't need my web came on because I'm, you know, playing a goblin
We do have a separate
group
chat that we use just because it's a better quality. We utilize discord for it most of the time. But the website actually does have built in like, audio and visual video capabilities, but it's just it's kind of litchi
because they tried to focus more on the actual processing for the main reason that people like come to the website and they put that in just because some people requested it, because they didn't want to have to use something outside. So with people with, like, huge high powered gaming computers, it works great. But for somebody with me that has a crap top from work, it's like, I can't really do that, I'm going to use this work.
what
I've played with just two people before, essentially just passed through the night. I've also
D M and the D. M. Is essentially the person that's telling the story I personally ran as a DM up to 12 people
and that was just absolutely Fucking Chaos, usually right around 4-6 people depending on who they are, because everybody generally plays differently. Like you've got some people that are just like I'm going to murder and steal everything, or the people that want to act out every aspect of their character um and stuff like that. So as long as we know the people that you're working with, usually about 4 to 6 is the best because you can have multiple things going on with everyone, but also everyone else are like, each particular player can have like specific personal things that are going on so that they can grow their character or get that new magic spell or whatever the hell they're trying to do. Yeah.
Um I actually started um the first time I ever heard about it, I was like 12, but I never really started until I was like 16 or 17. I played one game and I hated it because the guy that was running it was horrible at doing it. Um And then I started my job at Applebee's in about six months into Applebee's. One of the other guys that I was working with was like hey do you want to come over to my house and play D. And D. And I was like 19 at the time, and I was like, I don't know man, I tried it before and I didn't really like it and he's like well I'm buying pizza wings and there's going to be free beer, so come and just hang out and if you like it, maybe you'll play. And I was broke and working at Applebee's. So I was like, yeah, absolutely, I'm going to come over for free food and my friends and I ended up making a gnome rogue. uh that had a bad habit of just stabbing people if they got into any confrontation. Um Like they'd be like, hey how's it going? He was just like panic and stab somebody and then just run off. Um And from there I was just like, you know, this might be too nerdy for me or something, I've never gotten this deep into something, but then it went just absolutely bonkers from there and like it's like my biggest hobby. I ended up, like I started painting minis on the shelf back here, I've got a few of them, and then that's a mask that my buddy three D. Printed, that he's gonna he's throwing his characters.
I believe we just passed mind showing account of 30, but I know I got here a few minutes early, so as long as the years have shown past 25, we should be
good.
Okay, so we should be good to go, man.
Absolutely
you