Hi.
Good. How are you?
time. Mm
What's your name?
Sarka?
Mm hmm. Our boston or the boston area. How are you?
Thanks. Sorry. I'm just because I have my nine week old puppy in my life, tried washing at the same time as I'm doing this. Hope that's not the issue.
his name's Juno.
He's a mini golden doodle.
well, that's so cute.
Yeah, we, he's a little buggy. So we're trying to work on that, but we just got it figured quarantine is kind of like the perfect time to stay home and take care of her puppy. So
I think,
we got it from a breeder, but from this online, like website that like connected with readers called puppy spot. Well,
So how old are you?
I'm
19 and I keep 1 2nd because I just turned 19. What?
Yeah, I just finished my first year in college
on the Northwestern.
Well
yeah, for sure. My sister also just graduated. Okay, you're being a bad boy, so I'm going to put you.
Oh, that's awesome. My sister for seeing a gap year before she goes to med school. Yeah, so very busy time.
I'm undecided actually right now, but I'm thinking of trying out like either econ or like some something in marketing kind of. Um The problem though is like I tend to like be super interested in something when I first tried out and then as time goes on, I kind of just like lose interest and I don't want to like commit myself to it.
I
took an interest in art class um fall quarter this year and I actually really liked it. So I was thinking of maybe majoring in it. I wasn't sure.
What?
No.
I will. Yeah, I can imagine that the pretty wild of an experience. So where do you go to school?
Yeah.
yeah, it would be like a Around a 16 hour drive from home. I cannot imagine making that drive.
So
yeah, I just like shipped boxes and most of my stuff when I was moving in for the first time and then over the summer I stored my stuff there. So it's mostly like all their anyway, thankfully not
imagine
going through the same moving debacle that I did last year.
It's really weird for sure. So it's like mostly online, but like some classes are going to be in person and some are going to be hybrid, but like all the classes I'm thinking of taking our online so there's really no point going back and I want to see everybody and hopefully like quarantine there. Yeah. Like, yeah, if it's possible, so they're opening back up campus and everyone is pretty much just going to like, I mean ideally would just like stay in their rooms and not see anybody, not sure how well.
So
I didn't know.
No
questions.
I
mean,
I guess not because they would get massive trouble if they tried to host anything. I'm kind of hoping there's nothing going on because I'm, I'm kind of such a pushover and a follower that like if everyone else is doing it that I'm like, okay, like, um but then the other interesting thing about like frat parties and stuff is there's been like, I'm not sure how much is this you've seen since you just graduated, but like there's been an increasing movement and like a lot of schools around the country to Wall Street life. So
at my school
actually, so I'm actually not sure like how active rats are going to be at all when we get back.
I mean, I
feel like there's been the same incidents at our school that there have been everywhere. Like a lot of sexual assault happens if within greek life and stuff and like it can be really just racist and not inclusive. I think the problem with us is that like since we're not a big state school, everyone's like, it's different here, but it's not, it's like just as bad. Close.
I've done it. So I'm gonna go well either. Also, I'm not sure if you're going to get us home. That wasn't sorry my dog. It had to have, Oh my God.
Like do that for like a couple minutes at a time, then all of a sudden just like calm down. Oh my God, you're the most part the trail is probably ever, and then some like for a short period of time a day, just like go crazy. But
I'm
saying, oh yeah, it's like, I feel like I'm not going to send us home because so we're in the quarter system, so there's fall winter and spring quarter and I don't think they're going to send us home like mid fall quarter because I feel like it's more dangerous. Thank you for letting us lockdown on campus, but for thanksgiving and then staying home through winter break. So I feel like if things go badly, they're just going to ask us to not come back after that and that's probably what's going to happen,
there might be
spring, I don't think there's going to be winter.
so we have quarters, there's technically all uh fall winter,
spring and summer quarter, but like summer is just like, most people don't take classes then. Yeah, it's kind of weird. So we start school super late, like mid to late september and then the first quarter ends at thanksgiving
no first quarter ends at winter break and then six quarters winter break, spring break, which is in March. And then we don't end the school year until like mid june. It's crazy.
because
he
was the addition.
Yeah, that's what we're doing to.
So
what
are the
I've definitely been hearing mixed feelings about that. I feel like every every year has gotten it hard in a different way.
I remember his former friends are really upset about it. I would have been too.
I don't know if I would either. I feel like at that point you're going to be like, is your other stuff hopefully, So why don't you come up to you since you got home both?
Well,
I'm kind of glad I don't want to like particularly deal with that right now. I also, I'm one of the lucky ones because I never really had any plans for the summer in the first place, I don't think got canceled because of Corona. Um But at the same time it's kind of a reminder that I need to like get my life together and really like figure out what I want to do right now. I have no idea.
For
I will.
That's a really like practical
scale.
Well
used.
No, it's like a university.
Thanks.
that's what you like involved in in school.
So what else were you like involved in when you're in school? Like where you grew up clubs and stuff?
I don't
think
across Nader's. I'm sure like some
Well
and
no.
Yeah, it's cool that I remember like learning about a bunch of rat studies when my interest like class.
I think that's more familiar. I I kind of kind of a blended together in my head though, so. Right.
Oh um so I'm in an acapella group that's
pretty
much hit for extracurriculars for me right now, I did a lot more stuff in high school, kind of um Uh huh.
Uh But yeah, it's really fun. I spend most of my time that's not spent like with my friends or on school work doing that. Because we have also like We rehearsal for six hours a week. Oh my, we're also really good friends. So like when we're not having rehearsal were like, oh my God, it's like I miss you were just so weird because I'm not going to be like, I miss you too. Like anyone else, if I'm hanging out with them six hours a week, but I don't know.
Yeah, that's where the rest of my friends come from. It's funny. I two groups and one of them is just The floor of my dorm and the other one is by agriculture group. That's it.
Yeah. But also partially like why I'm so nervous about how this year is going to go because if we don't have that, like I don't know a community bonding aspect and like how my, like how is anyone going to have a social life, especially the, I don't know how anything is gonna go for the freshman.
Yeah. Honestly, if I had just graduated high school, I probably took a gap here. Also the problem with that is then like,
I mean I'm not that much that worried about that. Like if I had something worthwhile to do during the gap here, but the problem with Corona is it like no one is going to have a gap year plan either. Like you can't travel, you can't really work that much.
I'm
going to ask
you if you didn't actually.
That's awesome.
Yeah. I was actually planning on going to France my junior fall if I could because I've been taking french into middle school and I'm still taking it right now. I mean I'm
looking, I'm not very good, but I feel like I'm good enough to have potential to be very good if I just keep, keep speaking and go abroad at some point. So Was
one for
the ages.
well
that's
not
legally that sounds
yeah it sounds like such a window your shoulders
as an american attitude
contact.
Like were you were abroad? Right, okay.
That's crazy,
That's so like foreign to me. Meanwhile like at my school look obviously it's not like this everywhere, but I lived in a dorm that was like pretty much all freshmen. So especially like the r is we have to check the rooms like every time breaks and if you had anything it would be a fine. It's like like if anyone catches you drinking you have to like do an alcohol course and a letter gets at home to your parents. It's the
it's tough.
it's really funny. Yeah, I'm all right. They didn't really care what we were doing like substance wise they just didn't want us to be loud. The issue like if we came back to the dorm like after a night out look screaming, they would be like that's like they would get us in trouble somehow.
Oh yeah, I would say relatively I guess if you only school I applied to so I'm the best to speak on it. Yeah, I applied early decision. Um But I feel like it it really depends, obviously this is a very generic answer, but it depends because I was actively searching for easy classes kind of this year because I knew it would be easier to adjust that way. And I was also trying to get like my discos out of the way. Um So I think it can be like not too bad if you're like trying not to make it too bad, but obviously for like pre med or engineering or something like that then it's going to be difficult.
How about you?
What what specifically are you going to do?
Well
no
I
haven't taken actually now I took some really like bs science classes this year for my sciences. Destro but before that I hadn't taken a single science classes. My sophomore year of high school because my high school changed the science requirement from three years to two years. And I was like all right I'm out.
Um She doesn't know yet. She's actually applying right now. Um We
gotta
move.
She just graduated what you think?
So she just graduated from Tufts which is right around here and she's applying to like 30, med schools or something crazy like that so
you probably rid of at least a few of them if she ends up going to one of those.
Yeah. That's one good thing. She got that out of the way and now she just has to do like her essays and
stuff.
But
it's a bit too people
for this.
But
I'm just going to say it's a bit difficult to get anything done with a little rascal puppy here. Yeah.
Mother, I will fix it. Was nice meeting you.
Thanks so much. Good luck with your gap year and everything