just yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Thanks. Okay it's time mm. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah yeah. Hello
how's it going?
I'm good. Uh
So you're doing the study right? Yeah. Sam. Pretty
ali what's yours?
Oh where are you from?
New new york like long Island?
Know how old I mean using nine weeks? What's his name?
Yeah. Uh What kind of dog?
I always wanted that dog like that type of dog. I have a marquee like a maltese yorkie mix.
Yeah but he's he's like 12 years old now. Yeah you're getting older calcium.
So
cute. Did you get them from like a breeder or like a pet store or something?
that's cool.
I'm 22. How about
you?
you in college now or you're
we're at?
Oh cool. I actually just graduated from college. May. Yeah
kind of the worst time congratulate them.
Yeah I'm probably gonna go I'm thinking like a gap year and then I'm probably going to get my Masters at some point.
Yeah. What what are you like focusing on, like what's your major?
Yeah I got that. I was undecided for like the first year that I went to school and I I'm I studied psychology. Yeah.
So
it's definitely something you should look into if you like that kind of stuff. I mean I find it fascinating especially like I'm more behavioral science so like studying behavior and like why people do the things they do. But like through that I was able to get through my psychology department, I was able to get an internship at a women's prison. Yeah, so I
was working there um So I worked with the drug and alcohol treatment section and
just worked with women how to like you know um deal with their emotions and stress and just stuff like that. Like day to day stuff in the going on in the prison and whatnot. But it was very interesting, definitely heard like some crazy stories and It was cool because I got um four credits for it.
I went to Allegheny College. It's in P. A. So kind of far away from where I'm at. And so it was like an eight hour drive from Long Island. Yeah.
It would. You said you went to Northwestern School? Yeah.
That's crazy. How
did you get all your stuff then like there?
That's
good.
Yeah. So I mean how do you feel like, you know going back to school, what's everything going on like are they having like are you going to be online or like what?
That's
crazy
because like this thing I mean like I don't know if you're a party or whatnot, but like how do you go to like frat parties and stuff like that, like
are there gonna be like,
that's
what, I don't
know.
no, I know you're talking about
what?
Oh wow. Like it's that it's that like has there been like particular incidents at your school or like is it just the movement that you're talking about is like affecting your school in particular
and.
Right. That's crazy. But I'm sure that it's probably going to be off, I mean you guys have off campus housing. Right. Yeah, so I'm sure there's gonna people are going to throw a party, that's why I think this isn't gonna, it's not gonna work, like, like I have a feeling that everybody's going to go back to school and then have like they're going to have to leave around like september october like in the september early october
Yeah, I heard that. Hey.
That's so
funny.
because I know um well you don't think like there's going to be like a spring semester?
What?
Uh So you're saying because I know my school just does Q semesters like fall and spring but yours does three. Yeah.
Help.
interesting.
yeah, that is pretty crazy Because I know what my school is doing is everybody's gonna be going to campus like August 30 and then um they leave. No like in november for thanksgiving break, but they don't come back and all
the
exams,
all the exams are going to be remote. Like all the exams,
so they don't come back until I guess um in the spring or like january or whatever whenever the next like semester starts. So it's interesting. It's definitely going to be different. Kind
of
glad
I graduated. Oh what?
Yeah, I mean I didn't have like I didn't really have a senior year like at the end like we're supposed to do like a bunch of like senior related, like I don't know like we're supposed to have like senior week and like a whole week of like partying and shit and just everything, like didn't go the way we thought it was going to go and kind of just screwed up everything. But
Yeah, but I mean there's nothing we can do about it. We didn't even have a graduation, they rescheduled it for october, like in october, but I don't know if I want to go. Yeah.
Um So I've been, it's been really hard to find a job like in my area right now just because I mean a lot of companies like in new york city are on hiring freezes and so I've been trying to look for a job but
you know, I don't want to just go to like a grocery store and like work there. I'd rather get like a, it's different, you know, job related to my field, so I've kind of just been applying nonstop. How about you?
That's fair. Yeah, like I said like I didn't know and like you just figure it out because you take classes if you just take like, you know classes that you're interested in, I'm sure you'll find like what you want to do. Also like advice just do like any internships you can because it looks good on your resume for like employers when
you're out of school. But yeah, I actually was able to get credit for my internships and I even took my last um semester. I took an internship for attacks like learning how to do taxes
and then going in town and doing people's taxes.
Like.
Yeah like one day one day a week I would go into town and like help. Like mostly it was mostly like elderly people who didn't want to pay people to do their taxes. So it was like Do it like for five hours and then I got four credits for that. And it's like a life skill. Like I think that was one
of the better classes I've taken at college. Just because like I actually learned something that
it's like relevant because like my school is yours as a liberal arts or now
university my school the liberal arts. So we had to take like a bunch of like random like like artsy type classes. Like I had to take drama and a bunch of other things that I was interested in just
to say like you have a liberal arts degree. Um
What?
No I wasn't in greek life clubs, I was in psych. I like the honor society for psychology. Um What else can I do? I was I was a ta for one of my classes for a be real science but something else that we have to do. Like we had to do our senior year with a senior project. I don't know if you guys have to do that
at
your school
but we had to um It's been basically like the last year and a half trying to figure out what exactly what we wanted to like focus on. And um I ended up working with rats. Which was
pretty interesting and like studying behavior and
motivation. Yeah but kind of gross
because I don't I really like rats.
Yeah like B. F. Skinner and like the rap lab. Uh What is it the skinner box? Were you like based on like reinforcement or punishment? The rattle. Like if you if it presses the lever and get and it gets a reward then I'll keep pressing the lever and I don't know if you know what I'm talking about.
how about you?
That's
all
I said right that's cool.
That's crazy. That's pretty cool though. I mean like I don't I didn't really have that type of I don't I didn't do like any clubs like that. I did a community service club but I didn't really meet friends. But I met my friends they're like uh my first semester, my freshman year, like our hall.
Yeah, it's basically where I met like most of my friends.
Yeah. I don't know, it's pretty, it's pretty hard because like I would say I wouldn't even I would yeah, I've been hearing people saying that they want to like um wait to go to school now.
you fall behind.
exactly, I wanted to um because I'm really into traveling, I actually studied abroad if you can do that,
do that
studying.
Yeah, if you can, I studied abroad in England for a semester
and I got to travel all over, like I went to Ireland Amsterdam Prague like Greece Germany, like could you just take day trips, like on the or not not day trips, but like weekend trips, It was fun.
definitely.
it's
definitely
fun, I would say like if you go because I, when I went there, like I didn't have a lot of friends because not there was only like two people who went from my school and then, well there was only like um it was that year there was only like nine people total from like in the US like internationally.
So I met like my friends through like organizations, like I joined the beer Insider society
and
every Tuesday we would go out to like the bars or the pubs and drink and socialize and stuff. So that's how I met like people.
It was funny because I was I was 20 at the time And you're allowed to drink there at 18.
And
and yeah, and um It was so weird because on campus they had like six bars and two liquor stores on
campus.
so
it was so much fun. I would like between classes, it was normal to like get a beer. Yeah.
Yeah. I know. That's really
yeah, I remember my freshman year, I was lucky because my Ira was um she was a foreigner, like she could barely speak english and like she just did not give a shit like she just let us do what we wanted. So like she literally came into my room one time and I had like jell o shots and like alcohol everywhere and she was just like, she was just like can I just check like your window to make sure like or whatever it was, I don't know.
Yeah. Would you say you're like classes are difficult because isn't Northwestern like a good, like not, I think it's like a hard to get into right like this guy.
Yeah. Right, that's true. Yeah, I guess it does. The pen, what do you say?
Um Like I think my school is known to be rigorous but it was pretty difficult. Not not like super difficult, but like obviously like the upper level classes are more difficult than like the lower level. But I would I would say yeah, it was a little bit difficult. Especially like are science like programs because I was going in the science throughout like originally decided that wasn't for me. So
I wanted to go, I wanted to go for bio but
then I started taking like kIM and calculus, like my first semester, freshman year and I'm like no
I can't do it. Yeah, I'd
like to. Uh
Uh huh. Yeah. That's funny. So I mean you said your sister is like going to med school. Where which school is she going to?
that
people
I know who are going to med school to this year. Well in the fall I guess. But I was gonna say, um, if I knew the school or not, but that's cool. She is applying. Is she? So she's a junior or she graduated?
yeah. You said she's taking a gap year. Right. Okay. Right,
that's
So she already took away the m cats
look
good. That's good. Uh huh.
Well,
I think
we can. Where did you
go?
It's so cute. But I think we can end the call now because I think we have to talk for 25 minutes and then we got to do 20 minutes of questioning or something. I have no idea.
It was nice meeting you too. I hope you know, your year goes well and everything. I thought,
thank you. Bye.