Hi
body.
I just got I just got here like two seconds ago. You're good.
I'm doing pretty good. How about you?
Let's read you Jeff.
No worries. No worries.
Got it.
How you doing? How are you doing today?
got it. So are you a lawyer?
jeez, so, okay, so can you tell me a little bit more about what you do then?
Big Brother.
interesting.
All right. I'm a senior. I'm still senior in college. Yeah.
yeah. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't take much time for me, so.
exactly. Um So dang I've never heard of a social security defense lawyer. Um
okay.
Got it.
What?
Yeah, because taking Social Security away from someone just like disabled, seems like something that would be pretty bad or also pretty hard for someone on an ethical level.
Mhm, jesus. There's no accountability between judges land.
20% is extremely low, right? Why
are they biased? What makes it that low? Like what kind
of person
and there's no incentive for that is there?
Do
you?
Uh huh. Probably. So I'm supposed to graduate this past semester but I was going to go abroad but the programme got cancelled due to Covid. Let's set up to work in san Francisco
as a consultant, visit a small firm. Uh I go to U. C. Berkeley. Um So I set up to do that. This is my semester cancelled. Uh You know that offer clearly has been rescinded because yeah so I don't know exactly what I'll do. A lot of my a lot of my buddies were planning on doing something similar but their offerings got resented as well. So I'm trying to look at this as like a like a positive in terms of um at least hopefully the job market will be a tiny bit more stable by the time I graduate than it is right now.
All
definitely, definitely. I'm hoping I'm economics major, so I've been following a lot of the news right now, there's just like no, like personally the way I see it, there's just no way to make a prediction for even the next week or the next two weeks. Uh
huh. Yeah.
No, I'm actually born and raised in Hawaii, that's where I am right now.
Oh man. Uh I saw it for the first time when I turned 2022 I turned 21 saw it for the first time and the only time it was weird. Yeah, yeah,
if I live in snow I would that would be awful. But if if I can, you know, see it once a year, that'd be great.
jeez, I I I followed basketball fisher, but um his hawaii doesn't have a team and Berkeley is in the bay, so I'm a Warriors fan.
that's available. Yeah. Sweat. Howard is not likable. Wait,
dad, dad rondo though, right?
very consistent. Just not very good. That's how I feel. Uh
really never lived up to the expectations.
I mean, I don't know like I think some Lakers fat, I don't just like the Lakers inherently right, but like Lakers fans can be a little bit much
same with the Warriors fans for sure.
I feel bad for the like late Kobe Lakers, they were at least like that's like the one thing I kind of can commend L. A. For is they kept him even though like he was clearly past his prime for a while. I couldn't really afford to build around him. But I feel like they tried by him at least.
And just interesting tim Duncan. He's a great player. There's no denying that
100
people.
Maybe it will
happen.
Well, the documentary about him and we'll figure out how good he is in like 5 10 years. Yeah.
I'm actually waiting to watch it all at once, so.
we'll see Weight. Which um which new york team, which is new
york with
your next plan?
Politics. That,
But I mean it's a good time to be a nets fan.
A little wacky.
Mhm. I mean, they'll sell out the stadium for sure.
Kyrie
is the president of the Players Association, right?
is that? It's like crazy.
happy Neither. That's just a weird thought
like.
I don't know enough about basketball history to appreciate Derek Fisher for sure. Yeah.
You think Celtics will get a ring with their team? The current team?
His he's coming like, I think in the next at least two or three years he's going to have like a breakout year, he's
here for it.
Yeah. They're like um they're gonna come away with the Eastern Conference, right? Like
there's no way
the
Yeah, the Celtics.
Yeah. And also I think like and beat gases out. I don't know like what he plays like an average of 8 to 10 minutes per quarter and then just like the last two or three minutes of his play. Just so tired. Just not the kind of playing really off ball, not really calling the shots, it's really sad to see.
I agree, I agree. I think, I think it's also definitely um because he's brought up in the greatest of all time debate so much and then you kind of look at his career as a whole
and you're like, there's like personally, I think there's no way you should be in that conversation.
That's
true. It came
from nowhere.
He is such an exciting player. Holy crap, definitely, definitely. Probably my favorite player.
Yeah, it's just every time he lets the ball go, you think it's going in? Which is very cool. Very, very,
Yeah. I feel bad for him though because like I've seen pictures of him after games, he gets banged up by the defenders, like not quite as bad as like Jordan era, like how bad you get banged up but like people go at him to try and stop him.
True true. Steph curry is still tall though. He is what 65?
He's only 63
really get no perspective during game especially. Yeah, especially
in the modern times.
true.
I'm excited for the new era of basketball though I think um there are some really exciting place coming up. Uh Thank you. I don't really like Trae young but I kind of like I kind of like the way he I kind of like the way he pisses older players off and. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. We'll see. I mean well I don't think the bar will ever will be hit at least a few years, but I could see Trey having a crazy season somewhere down the line where does really well like he you made a very similar amount of three points to stuff this season but on like on like 400 more attempts. So so it's not
to the
basket.
Yeah. That that would be insane to be like an all star game like every game, jesus
Never ever. Well that's how it is.
Do you imagine a, imagine a reality where that happened? That'd be insane.
You'd be making enough money though to have like a home wherever you need it to be like wherever, like close enough, you know?
that's
true.
I mean it's commendable that you care so much about your work life balance. So I think, I think that's something I would also really care about on my future.
Oh that's that's very convenient.
Yeah. Okay. Well I don't want you don't want to cut you off
but
I think I think we're good.
All.
Mhm. Thank you. It's great speaking to you.
You too.