Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Just Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
Well
people call me j so that works. Uh
where are you from?
I'm from
California.
You both
have Disneyland's
Yeah.
Um A little bit not close but it's not that far. Mhm.
Yeah. You play guitar?
Okay, that's cool. Yeah.
No. Um do you go to college?
same. Um
I'm pretty sure
I'm going to go into senior year online too. Yeah, my school already announced it.
Um san Bernardino cal state.
Oh no. Uh State University. Mhm.
Thank,
I got you. What do you study?
Criminal justice.
Um You could be a police officer, but I want to go into more of lower,
you could be a police officer with the criminal justice major, but I want to go to law school, so yeah,
you can always double major,
Oh my gosh.
And like what do you do for like your classes? Like do you make songs or you're supposed to like replay the songs
that they give you?
So do
you like
want
to make music?
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
How do you feel about the elections?
Uh huh. Kamala Harris just concerns me. Yeah.
Mm You get you. Mm hmm.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I heard so much online, like there's gonna be protest by democrats, republicans and nothing happened. Thank you. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
So what do you do in your free time over there? In florida?
every day. Thank. Have you lived in florida forever or?
Yeah. Yeah.
here forever. Yeah.
I don't
know.
I'm open to places.
Okay. Is it still really bad with Covid over there? Mhm.
Yeah, I get it. Yes.
Um, so far, no, um everything everything normal so far. Um Just a lot of things are closed, but not really big differences.
thanks.
saw videos of like florida and like everyone was like going in big groups, staying with new york.
my gosh.
That's crazy though.
Yeah. Do they allow indoor dining there? Really,
wow.
I know
you're talking about, yeah,
wow, you're not allowed to eat indoors here. So
like they do
like,
they put out big giant tents outside and like a bunch of small tables like, And like while you're eating, you have like a 90° sun, like on you. It's so gross. I will never,
wow. You'll get kicked out of the store if you don't wear your mask. Yeah.
Well florida be acting different. Yeah.
I wouldn't have, it's no way.
I remember like the like first week, like a news outlet, like a really small like news outlet highlight posted about coronavirus and then like my parents sent me it and then they were like, you can't go out like you're done. And I was like, it like it's a small news outlet who's gonna believe them. And then like two weeks later it was like abc news Fox NBC. And then I was like, you know what? This is
real.
It's crazy.
Yeah. Like I don't want it
like.
Yeah. And then like I heard like they have a 90% effective vaccine right
now. Bye.
I know a lot of people say they're not gonna get it, which is like kind of crazy.
I know people are like, oh my gosh, there's going to be like a chip in there because it's like it's um government shouldn't take this fast to like make vaccines. There's gonna be a chip in there and it's like you have a phone, they can just track
you
with that.
I know. What are they going to get out of me like Oh she's eating again like I'm just kidding.
I know
like posting their whole life story but like a vaccine is too far.
What?
What?
Kind of sounds like Shane Dawson like conspiracy theories.
Thanks. Oh my gosh. It's crazy.
I know.
Um I mean like there's a lot of protests and like those are like have a lot of people so that's not really controlled and then like there's an anti maskers, you like go into stores
and then like make a big deal. But other than that like if you're not wearing a mask, you immediately kicked out of the store.
Uh You know what I hate though? I hate when people were modest and then they wear under their nose,
like that's so annoying.
It's like, Really? Yeah.
Are you one? Oh,
sorry.
You go.
Um, do you have, are you on Tiktok?
Yeah.
It's like funny because like, some parents are getting like the little kids mask and like putting, it's like a thin mass, like, like really thin.
You
saw
that? That was so funny.
Mhm. I know. Yeah. So
are they like high schools and elementary is open there two or no?
No.
I was reading like memes and then it was like, honey, where'd you get that Math? And the little kid says like, oh, I treated it with my friend jimmy.
So gross.
Oh yeah, I know
you're talking about.
It's
not even an option
to go to school right now.
Yeah. I really do hope we open up next year though, but we'll see.
Yeah. Mhm. But
we'll see what happens. The
only thing
I
expect
is unexpected at this point. Oh.
Didn't
it
start
off
with like
Kobe the first month, like he died and then like
everything
started going down.
I know
Someone said like um were in like the Jumanji movie and like every month is like a new level about
No,
I know. I thought
I was
going to
be back this semester, but no way.
I know.
I know. Like paris like there, I'm pretty sure they're over almost, but like they were doing like mandatory like lockdowns, like only one person perhaps hold is like able to go and go get groceries and like here it's like, okay, you want to go out.
Yeah. It's crazy.
You
know?
Yeah. Unlike people are like continuing to go out for like celebrating like the barden went and it's like covid still exists. Like we stay in. Okay. Yeah. It's crazy. Like I never would have had expected this for like college at all.
I know what
you're talking
about.
I watched that video. Mhm. Yeah. I wish I wasn't.
Yet. So what do you guys do when there's hurricanes? Yeah. Uh
huh.
my
gosh.
Do you take it easy or do you prepare?
My gosh. See, so does that um is it like really human over there a lot or no? I've been there like want and it was like horrible. Like whether it was so hot and humid.
Yeah, I went there in like third grade and like for a whole week straight and he's like really really human and then the rain would pour down
and it was like I just felt so gross. Okay.
Paul whatever
after
California is a bit bipolar. It's like like yesterday, two days ago like we have like really really strong grain and like the day after and today it's like super sunny and it's like I guess that's how it is and it was like um the same way during summer sometimes like it was like raining during summer and then the next day it's like super sunny. Doesn't makes. Yeah.
Mhm.
Um I forgot where the first greek one was, but a second big one was the city near me and um chills that lasted
for like a week and now it's all gone but like all the hills are burnt so
Um I don't live there, my boyfriend lives there so it's really close but um there was a lot of houses near the fire where they had to evacuate and only one house was damaged so I mean I mean that sucks
but
Alex is one. Yeah.
Oh my gosh
you know.
Mhm I know what you mean, hasn't been the ideal year or anyone?
Oh yeah for California was just the fires but other than that nothing horrible. Yeah New Year's. Oh can't wait for that, that visit happening on that day.
I know like all butterflies and rain bows. Yeah.
though it's going to have to see, Well I think I have to go back to school because I have class at like nine.
Oh yeah it's 8:29 here.
My gosh,
it's okay. Yeah. It
was nice talking to you though If I
good
one