No, no. Uh So
I guess I just start off Don Brandy I guess.
Um
I'm from florida. Like Orlando florida. Yeah.
What
about you? I was while away. Yeah. You
log
in that. Oh yeah,
you're like an L. A. Aranda.
I got it.
Yeah. Uh florida. Those are just some old stickers I had that my mom put up. I play piano Della, mainly.
Yeah. What about you? You play anything or?
yeah. Yeah, I'm a junior now. Yeah.
Kind of doing online. Yeah.
Was.
What's cool? Is that
What is it like a like a community college or?
I mean our school, I got a north florida. Our school really doesn't care. They just they let you on campus, there's people on campus right now, but
there's kind of like a it's like a disclaimer that like if like it does go bad, they send everyone home like they're not gonna give anyone like a refund on the housing, so yeah, so I was like, no, I'm not going to risk it. Yeah.
Uh Music channel. Yeah. What about you? Okay.
Okay. So that's like, like a lawyer or something, I don't know.
Mhm. Like Sarah, was that
Uh But yeah, I've been thinking because like, music isn't really that like stable of a thing like them, I had to switch it up one day.
I mean, at this point it's too late and pull us like the music, like they agree they just put on a lot of classes. It's like eight classes I think I'm taking.
Uh I mean, yeah, it's 15 credits, but it's like One credit classes and to credit classes that are really supposed to be three. So it's a lot more that the school just does for whatever reason.
But
uh it's kind of both now, it's kind of like you know, we can't play live. So it's kind of like like they'll have someone like like maybe like a drummer and a bass player like put like start tune off and then the song I have to like record on top of what they play and then I send out an MP three. Then the whole band. Yeah. Yeah,
it
ain't
the same.
Uh I mean yeah, I like obviously like I like it but it's just like just having second thoughts about it being my career. Yeah.
It's kind of tough while the Corolla stuff too.
Yes. This thing hold this thing disaster, but oh elections got better at least. Mhm.
Uh I mean neither of them are great candidates. Well, I mean I'd rather joe biden any day than trump.
Been thinking about that, but it's like I don't know, I just don't want another four years of what we just went through.
Yeah.
And then um yeah, I don't know. A lot of people say there's going to be like a lot of protests and stuff. Nothing happened.
but I mean again, it's not gonna affect me. I'm just sitting inside my house all there. Okay.
Yeah.
No. Mhm.
Yeah. Um Stay home side. Maybe go out and run. Well uh lot me, a lot of people like I speak to that are from like different places just like oh you like go to do so and the beach every day. No, I don't. All right. I mean, I do I live like probably like 15 minutes away from Disney, like the beaches like an hour away. It's like every couple of months, a thing, you know? It's No. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Right here all my life. Yeah.
What about you? Mhm.
Yeah. I really don't see myself kind of going anywhere that me,
I
don't know.
Yeah, I mean I might move to like a different part of florida just like move around the state or whatever, but I mean I'm fine where I am I guess.
I don't know because sort of like our, like our governor just kind of like he said that he was just not going to like say what it was. I mean there's still some news was like not accurate. So like you'll hear that like everything is fine. Like in reality like it's not.
Yeah. What about over the, is it like bad or?
No, I mean over here nothing is closed. Really? Yeah,
this is, I mean obviously like in March like the first couple like weeks everything was closed. But then like after like a month I guess everyone got tired. I like that. Yes, we'll open up again. So
Yeah, I mean, I guess it comes down to like people just like a lot of my friend, not a lot, but like some of my friends just like kind of like have like conspiracy theories was like, it's not real or like it's
like it's like uh like it's not gonna do anything to you. Like bruh Yeah. Stay away from me then. Right. Mhm.
Yeah. I don't know why florida though. Like I always feel like other like see other states is like sitting down or whatever, florida's always just got to be the that state.
Yeah.
I mean, I went to like a restaurant like this weekend and they had like some like panels of like, like I didn't even look like glasses, like, like
plastic.
But yeah, it was like mostly like the same thing.
All
this
is like
No, I know. Well they used to retake out only within now, it's just like do whatever or like another thing is like, like I mean now I'm pretty sure, I think they got rid of it. I don't know, it was like the mask mandate, like a lot of people were just like not wear a mask and like there wouldn't be a lot inside like I guess the people would like complained about or whatever and I was like pretty much optional to wear mask almost. Really?
nah florida is just the outlier.
I want to call it on you. Yeah, I don't know this whole thing. Crazy. 20, like 2020 just like, like I would like I always like tell myself like damn like what if I like went back in time and told myself like a year ago like. Like yeah there'll be a pandemic. Like you're not going out the whole ton of people like I don't believe it. Mhm.
No.
Now
Remember I've been being in like beds just like dealing with finals like about doing some stuff that's not like something on Instagram that I said like, oh new thing pops open times like uh that's like one the other like 500 things that they always say like every day. Then I saw it again. I was like uh people really sharing this thing. Yeah. Yeah
and like the crazy part of it is like in March like knowing like barely people had it and then people were careful and I was like everyone else is like, oh man, let's continue for normal lives like no man like
now
the
of course.
yeah, I heard that. Yeah. I mean I don't know, I'm just kind of like not that I'm not hopeful, it's kind of like I'll see when I believe it type thing because like I've been here the same thing for like What eight months now. uh new vaccine, new vaccines like I just tell me when it gets here.
Yeah. Yeah I mean like my friends will be like like no like they put some stuff in there like like they're gonna be if you like bro like no it's not just the us that hazard.
it's like
man,
do you think like they're gonna put all those things are like even then they cheer me alright. What? They don't get our
Yeah, I know people. I mean I don't post nothing on like social media and things like people be posting their whole lives on like instagram whatever facebook like man you're scared of like now the government gonna watch what you're doing like everyone can see what you're doing.
I don't know.
Yeah I don't get it. All right like what's your call? I don't know. I was still with my friends and they were just talking about how like like the hurricanes are like man made.
I like like like how Nasa has like a weather machine.
And I was like and I was just like because I haven't seen her in a couple of months. I was like down like what y'all been doing in quarantine what is going to change? Yeah.
Yeah it's like man like like a couple of years ago you and I were talking about how that's all garbage and now you're repeating it. But uh
yeah. Quarantine changing people.
Yeah what's it called on them? So like they got like everything like not shut down but it's like like kind of like under control over there.
The
or now I've seen people in walmart just kind of doing their own thing like I just stay away from him but it's like I don't know
there
older were like as a chin strap like man but it's not gonna do anything.
Yeah. Um
So
what?
No I wasn't gonna sample
nah I don't got it felt like my friend like some of the people like I just like I see what's going on but I'm not honor. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Oh like they've used a spray bottle to like like prove that
like
it doesn't
Mhm. Yeah man. Like using like a roll of toilet paper like bro, use a real thing.
Yeah. Yeah.
I don't I think because my brother like he's in like what high school? I think middle school, he's in middle school, he's doing it online. But like there's like an option for like kids to go like. Yeah, I don't know. Like even that's worse because like say like elementary schools you think elementary school is going to be clean and like
no, maybe like damn I like your mask. You want to trade. All right. That's type of stuff kids were doing. I don't know.
Yeah. It's like,
no, I mean like I remember like what august like like an eye or something. Like I saw like a picture of someone like sent like the whole high school was like filled.
I'm
like down, y'all just don't care about it. I don't know
this
whole
Yeah, I don't know. Oh Yeah. I I just don't know like 2020 has just been, that year was like, I don't know what's going on.
Yeah. It's crazy. I like because a lot of people say like vaccines take like five years or whatever. It's like No, like 90% like down. Yeah. Yeah. Oh
the
Just
kind
of
thinking about it.
It's just like something new. Every like every month has had its own theme of like because I remember like august was just fire like explosions and everything. Um june was like protests. Uh huh Oh no,
that's crazy.
This
is your
start
off.
Thank
you. Yeah.
Yeah. Before that though like it was like, it was like a pretty good like month for me like damn everything going my way
and it's like no, it's like yes. Yeah. What happened?
The yeah, people are gonna set. I think the worst thing about it is like I got my hopes up in like March.
That's not like everyone's like oh yeah it's gonna be gone by like make like what april a couple weeks ago once or whatever and I was like it's going to be gone by july. I was like damn july that's far away and now it's like it's november
at
this
point.
I think like I I was thinking that because like um I always saw these like news reports like china like beat it in like a month or like two weeks or whatever. It's like we still haven't done shit
like the worst part of seeing like other countries like like basically beat it and then like the U. S. Is just still like doing nothing.
uh side. I don't know. Even then like the whole like italy things like people were watching like down and now it's like worse now than what it was.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what's going on.
What
was it called then? Like the protests started happening in june I was like we're not getting out of this this year.
that's great. I mean I remember seeing like like like there's like a Bill Gates video we're just talking about like bro like get ready like something might happen
and
then a lot
of people are saying like Bill Gates made the virus like no right? 28
Yeah. Yeah. What's the call? I remember and now he's saying not the next big thing after this is gonna be like the what's it called? Nothing what's it called? Like the climate change and all that. Like bruh like we like florida, like whatever over here, just like, it's like God, like mad hurricanes a while back. It's like down like we're going to keep getting them. This thing is not gonna slow down. Mhm. But
Uh
okay. So if you're new to florida, you like hunker down and like you board up your windows and get food and water and buy up. Like if you go to like walmart when they see this like our hair can, you won't find like anything. But like most people who have lived in florida just don't do that. Like they just like normal weekend, like it always happens on the weekends too. So like, I remember a couple of years ago, like they said the hurricane was going to hit like at what, 78 in the morning, It was like 3:00 AM. Like we have like a little like porch like screen door or whatever and I like our families playing dominoes like at four in the morning like
with
all the Windows Open. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I mean some people just like prepare for it, some people taking it like easily.
I feel like we should prepare until like, I don't know. It's always kind of been like nah we've been here all my life be good. But I think some people take that a little too far because like in Key West is like a really like small piece of land in the middle of the ocean and it was like a category five a couple of years ago and they're like police were like bro like move like it's gonna kill. You were like no we're not moving like the whole thing happened and like basically like have to kinda like died.
Yeah. The kind of the parents because it will be fine. Like one hour. Not even like one like one minute in like the next 10 minutes. It will be like raining like a whole storm. Like, you know, like feel it like it will be like a hot day and then you like just feel like like mostly all of a sudden like it's about to rain.
What,
Well it's crazy because it'll rain like it'll be all fine and then it like just be like bad thunderstorm rains for like five minutes. There will be like son again.
system
everything.
Y'all got them them fires all right.
Was that like where was
No,
no. So like did you all have to like move out and leave for like
I
saw like
yeah I saw like some places like the whole like just like city like disappeared.
Yeah I was like damn right like but I don't even know this whole thing is like just a dream.
All right. Just my whole not even 2020 like the whole my whole life this one like what happened?
Yeah but I mean I feel like october wasn't so bad with like all the stuff.
I keep seeing like like jokes so it's gonna be like December, 32, I was like you think you think you'd better like escape like you know. No but yeah, I feel like it's kind of like in my mind like the second like it becomes january like the whole thing is going to clear up
But I don't know just gonna have to say. Yeah.
Oh it's like early over there.
Oh wow it's like 1130.
Yeah I keep forgetting their like it's not universal time like it doesn't work like that.
Mhm.
That's a
good