Mhm. Mhm. Oh all right. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Come on mm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey,
perfectly
good. I haven't done one of these like video audio chat surveys yet, so this is totally new. Yeah.
Come
across
any like 25,
Have you come across anyone in the past? It's like oh jesus, can you know, hurry up?
that's good. Oh my goodness.
No.
Oh no I'm just glad that you're you're talking of, I was afraid I was gonna get someone that just like I don't know what to do like
my mind, I'm a talker so it's like yeah so
it's
just
Jersey. Yeah. How are you?
how's the weather there? Is it warmer or
Oh it's probably I think the most we've been hitting lately is like 65 and it's yeah,
I can't stand, I don't like some people love the winter. I hate it. I would rather
keep it summer. It feels like it goes by faster than any other season, the whole year and
this year
in particular, I mean I can't really enjoy it. How's
the
lockdown
situation on your side?
my God, it's so different here.
Yeah, New york, New Jersey has been, I mean new york has been a little bit worse. New Jersey has been relaxing some of the, you know, we we just got the gym back a month ago. I was I thank God. Um
but I had gone on vacation, I was like, I I need to I need to get out of here. Um I went to Rhode Island and it was like when I went there, it was the first time ever and it was like normal society again, I was like you can eat inside um you had to wear your mess, you know, going in and then you sit down, you take it off. But other than that I was like oh my god there's a roof over my head as I eat so I'm taking
but I wonder what it's kind of weird. It's like there's there's it's kind of like a double edged sword, it's like do you let it burn through your your state? So that way it's it's out of the way and done with, you can move back to normal life faster or do you lock down, contain it just to pop it open later and you know but at that point you lose so many businesses and everything. It's
I don't know.
I mean it's it's like a first and it's like you think it's like literally every single country in the world is dealing with the same thing at the same time, it's like okay, although I will say working from home, I love it.
I'm a criminal prosecutor. Yeah. No, it's definitely, definitely interesting. They had me switch units like during Covid and I'm like, because one guy left, he, he does the civil forfeiture unit, which basically when a drug dealer gets arrested, I go for their money and cars. So, um, there's only one position in the office that handles that and that guy left in May and they're like, hey matt, um, we are going to on map by the way.
they're like, oh, we're gonna need you to switch units into something totally new. I'm like, that was not easy. Um,
Yeah, but I mean I've gotten the hang of it, but I kind of wear two hats. I'm taking drug dealer money, but then I'm also going after drug dealers. So it's like, I get sometimes my cases like, well intertwine, like I had one guy
that was, yeah, a neighbor reported that uh you know the guy was growing weed in his uh on his property so the police
go
to check
it out.
No. Um it might become soon, but right now it's not
so
he's
going
to check it out and this guy has acres of land. His house is like right up front, you have the street, his house and connected to the house and a crystal clear greenhouse is just like 24 plants and feet.
And it's like,
so the police completely like, oh my god. Um But ultimately like a like a 63 year old guy, he basically is kind of like, he was like home, he never got arrested before. Uh
Exactly like a country hippie like he just, you know, it became like a habit of his, at the end of the day he would you know smoke his weed and he didn't want to go out and buy from a dealer because they don't know who is going to be, you know what they're going to be putting in it. Um So he's like you know what, I'd rather grow it myself. I think he was trying to grow for the winter. I mean it was just so much of it, it was like almost a first degree crime and it was like oh my God like
that's a first degree crime you're facing 5 to 10 years like no no no no 10 to 22nd degree, there's 5 10. But
No well it depends so sometimes like when I got put into a new unit, obviously I'm inheriting other people's cases so I have to kind of scramble but this one I got from the get go. Um But it was interesting because it's like we wrapped up the whole case. I mean this guy got like VIP treatment almost, it's like he was charged in august and then by the end of september within a month he pled guilty and we got him like it's like look We're not going to put a 63 year old man in prison, like there was no signs that we were
more
concerned
distributing
it. So what we did is we had them go into drug court. Um So that way he can go there, he can address any like issues he has like why is he reliant on on weed to deal with his issues? That way he does probation, he gets treatment, he avoids jail. If he does everything successful, we're done, we take away the weed plants, he doesn't have that anymore. So it's like the best way. It's like we're not trying to throw people in jail just well second degree crime. See in 10 years like. No no but if there were signs of distribution that's another thing and you know if you get cocaine or heroin or fentaNYL then
yeah there's there's uh
That's weird
because
I'm
on my
like
little screen it's it's showing that like I can see myself clearly. That's weird.
but but it's it's definitely an interesting job. I mean you never know what's gonna be behind that manila folder when you open it.
So we
um sometimes I mean usually I'll get kind of like an email in advance and they'll be like hey we have this guy um he was involved in a police chase. Um You know expect, you know sometimes like if something is going to be going for a search warrant or something they'll reach out to me in advance like hey you know heads up this guy has been selling crack cocaine out of his house. We're gonna be needing a search warrant soon. So then I'll know like right now I'm on call which is um you know I can get called for any high end drug case. I'm usually search warrant type self. Um thankfully I have not gotten any calls. I knew like when they scheduled me for this week I'm like they're gonna they're gonna they're gonna hit me with calls, I'm gonna be on call duty all week. I'm like oh God this is I have my work phone next to me. I'm like I'm just waiting for it to just go off like now 25 minutes.
So
thankfully. Um So pre covid apparently when I get when you get a call and it's either gonna be charging decisions. So it's like hey This is what we're dealing with, what charges good okay he had five lbs of cocaine. That's the first degree crime charged with first degree distribution, like all these different things. Um And then other times like okay well we did some buys with this guy in the past. We know that he's stealing drugs out of his house. We want to search warrant. Mhm. Pre covid what I would have to do thankfully I had I didn't have to do this. I'm hoping that when you know now that we're all virtual they keep it this way but I have to, you know officer comes up with the search warrant they send to me, I review it and then when I'm like okay this is good to go. I would typically pre covid have to go to the judge's house and have it sought And it could be at any like it was three. a.m. Got to get up and go out to like awful. Um Now what you do is you call the judge and then you upload it online and then he reviews it and then sends it back and it's
just so much better. It's so
much.
I know
it's, I don't know, it's
it's
ridiculous. But that's why I was like, okay, this is how it used to deal. I'll take the virtual even like the court like New Jersey has been pretty good on getting like courts up and running. I honestly like I've been working remote since March. They took us out like right when it was about to hit hard And they told us originally like, Oh, you know, you'll be out for 56 days. I'm like 56 days here. I am seven months later.
But I don't know. I at this point I couldn't imagine Doing like a 9-5, 5 days in the physically in the office. I bet that's so bizarre to me. I'm hoping that this leads to a national trend of like, you know what, three or 4 day work weeks. Perfect. Yeah.
What,
what
do you do?
Yeah, but what do you do?
I'm
You
have the job that my brother would love to do? Yeah. He, um, he wanted to go into like sports writing. Like
he,
yeah, I mean he was at one point when he was in turning, he was working at a, like a local newspaper and he was doing the sports stuff and he was like, he covered like high school stuff, but he's like, I love this. Um,
so exactly what you do is exactly what he wants to be involved in.
So kind of course. Yeah.
you have.
Yeah. No I get it. And sometimes I lose power out. Yes we think I gotta get to court like virtual court like it's it's it's awful. I don't know
how
all
the,
I have to say the commute from my bedroom to my living room for work is really nice.
Oh you know? Yeah. So uh if I know I don't have court um coming up it's like nine a.m. No one's really going to care. I love being able to get my grocery shopping done during the day. Um Going to the gym during the day. It's God holy shit I haven't done this. It's like college and law school is like this is awesome. Um
It
is
How is he um he or your son? Right. Um, how is he handling, is he in school like virtual?
that's
Is he like in it?
I couldn't imagine being a kid stuck inside for just days on and weeks and months. I, I don't know.
that is, I mean it's no one thought that it's weird cause you, like you said before, it's like when you live in America, it's like, this is the kind of stuff that you think happens in like all of, some third world country never hear about. It's like, oh shit. Like how is it hitting us like everywhere you, I mean at where I am, it's like, you can't even walk into a supermarket without a mask and it just, you know, there's times where, you know, in the past, I'm like, oh, my phone, wallet keys and I was like, oh, my mask like.
No,
no.
Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's almost like, like something out of like a sci fi movie. I mean, granted, thank God. I mean, it could have been a lot. Can you imagine? It was like the black plague or something like, I'll be bad like that. I mean, Covid is bad, but I mean,
off
yeah, they got, they remember, they were like one of the first people that got slammed like, really hard and I was like, oh my God, I
had my um, my mom living like, so my parents are living back in new york. Um they're only about an hour away from me and you know, my mom was really afraid, so for four months she was living up here with me in my apartment. Loves it. She loves it out here. I would never go back to New york again. I can't tell you how much better it is living in New Jersey.
I know New Jersey
is like
bag of
um so I went from Staten Island, which is just house on top of house, everyone's got three cars apiece. I'm just congested to now. I'm living in, I want to say like kind of like a mountain retreat. It's not like country, but it's not house on top of house. Like everyone's got enough space in between. There's more trees than people, which I'm like, I'm totally happy with. It's quiet
here. I have the mall that's like two minutes away from me that has anything, anything you could possibly think of. Um shop writes, the gym is seven minutes away, everything is seven minutes away. Oh my, this is, it's amazing. And then what I pay for my apartment in new york, easily double and then I would need like four roommates. Like it's, I have this one bedroom by myself. I'm like totally happy on my, but when my mom came up here, she views my apartment is like a vacation. So trying to get her back to Staten Island was not easy, but
it was nice having a roommate for a little bit, but
but she's
already
act
like when
she's coming
back.
Yeah, so it's uh me, my dad, my mom and my brother, so my brother, my dad stayed back. Um But both of them are at the time they were temporarily laid off. They work in the hotel business and they said okay well by october everyone should be back, no one's back. Um So I don't know what's happening. They're kind of like a little freaked out because they don't, you know other than like the unemployment they're collecting, they don't really have anything else. So I'm hoping that something works out. Um I'm trying to see if they can move out here because it's just our property taxes higher but everything else like you can get a much nicer house for less in New Jersey. Um
It's
it.
Yeah. City living is just I don't know I can't do it like I would never I would never you couldn't even pay me to live in Manhattan. I'm screw that there's just too many. I don't know how they do grocery shopping, you can't have a car in Manhattan. Um It's just awful and it's it's literally a million people shoved into one studio apartment and I was like oh well the view is nice. Yeah maybe when I jump out the window, like
deal with that.
Yeah. But I was before I took my current job, it was between out here and Manhattan and
out here got me the job offer first. I was like, you know, I'd rather take a job than wonder to see if I'm going to get Manhattan. I'm like, you know what? It happened for a reason. So it's, I would never go back. Like, this is perfect.
Right. Yeah. I still have, you know, a lot of my friends are still living at home in Staten Island. I'm 28. So they're all, you know, my age, I'm the first of our, like the friend group to move out. Um, so I don't know when they're planning, I'm trying to get some of them out to Jersey, I might get better come out here. It's just,
no, it's just like,
I
don't know,
like
Staten Islanders are very sheltered. Like, I feel like a lot of people, maybe in other parts of the country, you know, when they hit college age, they're like, I'm getting out or their parents are kicking them out in Staten Island. It's weird. It's just like, everyone's like, I'm gonna stay at home till I'm 30 and you know,
Yeah, in Staten Island, it's kind of like, normal. But I was like, I know the thing is, I never moved out of my parents house until I got this job two years ago. So it's like, when I was first moving out, like, I was, if I had gotten Manhattan, I would probably still be living in Staten Island. Um,
So I just never knew what it was like to live outside of home because I'm just used to it.
I
And
you, so,
I don't
know, I mean, So, I've seen more people that I know get engaged I guess at that point they'd have to, But I'll tell you one thing since my job, since my job, I work for the government, You have to live in the state that you work in. So I had to move to New Jersey was no ifs ands or buts I could never ever, ever moved back home again. I couldn't not just like, just in my parents, I couldn't do it. I'll visit their, I'll say a weekend. I might get me the fuck out of here. I can't stay here anymore.
No, it's it's, oh, I mean, I love, you know, I love my parents. I just got a puppy during Covid. So it's like, you know, I'll go over and see the puppy. But other than that, like peace out. Like I'm done. Like, I'm going back.
Yeah. I like just being able to clean up after only me cook for only me and just relax and quiet if I want it and you know, if I want people over, I have people over, so it's, it's perfect.
that's yeah,
same
exact
boat.
And
I'm in the same. But like I go to my parents house and like my, I'm not like a neat freak, but I'm like, I like things to be cleanly and in order and you know just,
I mean,
I could never have someone over if it was like messy and I go to my parents house and uh, there's times where it's like, oh my God, like, and then I come back here and I'm like, oh,
almost I feel clean. I feel fresh. It's
that's my mom. Okay. My dad is more of like I get rid of everything, but he doesn't clean up. He just expects my mom to do like the cleaning and you know, like, oh, I cook so you just clean up everything. So she's trying to clean up. But she also has a lot of her own clutter and it's just, it's, it's like a never ending cycle. It never goes away. I'm just like, just Pick this shit up and dump it. Like if it's been there for 10 years, it's not doing anything.
No.
Yeah. That's why I maybe I'm like the anti version of that because I would never like if I don't need it, it looks old to me. It's gone go.
Yeah. That's what, that's exactly what I try and tell my mom. It's like, you know the stuff that you like, oh, this could come in handy one day I'm like, get that a dollar store like if I really need it. But then it's like that one justification like five years online. See I told you would come in handy and it's like, that's one example. It's like, it's not, you know,
is off.
We survived.
Another, what is it? Like $17? You could use it to pay for gas.
I still do go in at least once a week. I mean grant is only 15 minutes away, so it's really not that bad either way. But you know when I go to visit my girlfriend, she's about a half hour drive each way. So that's the gas guzzler. But that's right. My money's coming towards.
It was a
pleasure
meeting
you. My, my very first audio zoom person. Yeah.
You tell