Hi, can you hear me okay?
Okay, awesome. How are you?
This is like my, I think my fourth, I've done a couple so yeah, I'm just setting the timer here.
Was
it running?
Was it 20? Okay. Yeah,
no, um I think my first one was the most awkward, like we just didn't have a lot to talk about, but the last girl that I was matched with, oh my gosh, like he was telling me this crazy story about her family and I was like, you can't leave me hanging like I know how this ends. It was so funny. So
this is, but you said this is your first time you haven't done this with anyone?
Well, well hopefully I don't like scare you off from doing it again.
So awkward,
That'll
make
it go fast. So where are you from?
South Dakota. Yeah.
Um like right now it's super crazy windy, so like, I'm sure you probably can't hear it, but the wind is like howling outside my window but it was like 80 Today So It's, but it's going to cool down a lot. How about you?
we'll get to that
need it.
I
agree.
I
was
just
well, okay, so South Dakota is a super like um conservative state and so I don't know if you like, our governor is like people outside the state who are super conservative love her because she hasn't done anything as far as like any regulation. Like there's been no mask mandate, there's been no lockdown. Um
Yeah, but like our numbers are really, really bad. So Yeah, especially now. How about, I mean you guys have had like full lockdown right?
Yeah.
Yes, that's like here, but we're definitely paying for it with really bad numbers right now, so
I think
they were trying to buy time you know and like especially with the hospitals to like they kept talking about flattening the curve but yeah I just, I kind of feel like it was like a false dichotomy or like that wasn't a choice we really had to make between like people stay healthy or businesses stay healthy. Like I think if the government had been like a little like if we had had better leadership we could have had both like we're the richest country in the world, we could have supported business is a little bit better in people but yeah I don't know that's just how I feel but I mean No one knew how to deal with this, it was such a new thing.
You like it, what do you do?
I'm Amanda nice to meet you.
No, I bet
Thing
and
it's
not legal
there. It's not legal there.
That's
where we're
at
two.
it's
there.
Was he like an old mp basically?
My gosh,
that's the, do you like follow it all the way through? Do you find out what happened? Like are you there from beginning to end with them? Like sorry if that's a dumb question but
with
no
prior
just
Oh my God. Yeah.
weird. Your picture just like dropped and now I just see the silhouette. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean your audio is fine but that's
sorry to
interrupt you
but
that's
weird. Yeah, it's just like a silhouette. It's funny that you're talking about what you do because it's like a, I don't know, it looks very criminal.
Yeah, I bet. Is that how you get your cases is like a manila folder on your desk and you're like,
what's this going to be?
So what what does that mean though if you get called? Is it just basically like you're on notice that this is coming at you fasting
period, you have to go somewhere?
What?
Which
makes so much more sense anyway,
it's 2020, like why are you knocking on someone's door at three?
That's
wild,
I hear you. Yeah.
and I think it is like They
were originally planning on sending us back, they sent us home right away like you in March
which
was really progressive for the area and they were saying October to go back and now like our numbers are spiking against and now they're saying 2021. But I mean I think even then it's going to be like, like every manager in a unit has to be there like one or two days a week and the rest of the time you're working from home.
Um, I'm the social media manager for a telecom in a sports network. Like we own a sports network. Kind of
like a, I don't know what you would have out there. Like a fox sports whatever.
Like
I
couldn't.
That's awesome.
Very
Well, there's definitely stuff out there. I mean, not just like with networks or newspapers, but like all the teams now have, I mean they have to have like a social media team and it's interesting how that world has evolved. So, so yeah, I can totally do my job from anywhere.
I just need to have good enough internet to handle, you know, chunky video. So
that's
not funny. Like a year ago, you would have blamed it on the traffic and now it's like,
it was a brownout,
sorry.
Yeah. And I'm still late sometimes, so.
I've been doing like lunch runs and it's amazing to
just
get that pound it out and done and like you feel so good the rest of the day. Yeah. Yeah. I have a four year old son. I'm a single mom. And so like, I'll take him for runs in the evening, like in the running stroller. But he's getting kind of big for that and it's just easier if I can get it, get it done and not have to worry about and then we can do whatever in the evening. So
he goes to daycare. Um, and so again, like in South Dakota, they didn't shut anything down.
So David has been in this whole time, but I did keep him home with me for a while just because I was like, I don't know, like it's a big germ box anyway, so, um but by june I was like, he's gotta go back, like, I can't work like this. So he, he is back in day care now. So,
I mean, yeah, he, he missed his friends so much. It was really hard for him to be home.
Yeah. And it's so hard to explain to and like, he gets it as much as a four year old could, but like, I just, I wonder how he's going to remember this time. Wait.
exactly. Well, and I feel like he's gonna grow up and be like, mom, there was a time when you didn't have to wear masks all the time, and I'm going to be like, yeah, for most of my life. But yeah, I remember in february of this last year, I went to Cozumel and it was just kind of starting like in china and stuff. So I was flying and there was this lady wearing a mask and she was like, I'm just so worried about this crazy like coronavirus stuff and I was like, okay, crazy. You know, like I totally did not think that it was gonna
affect many here,
turns out she was right, and I was the Not Very Smart one.
Or even in Italy and like, I know it was really bad in like new york and I don't know how New Jersey was, but I have a friend who's in Italy and like
she said it was horrifying.
Yeah.
So are you in like, tell me about the part of New Jersey you're in, are you in like suburban New Jersey or a country? Because I know it's like there's like all different parts, isn't there?
Like
mid westerners
think that it's this big city, but
that's awesome.
That's funny.
Yeah. That's awesome.
Did
your
dad
say
it?
Did your dad stay in new york then?
And just the quality of life,
Like
you said, like seven minutes to anything, like not being stuck in traffic, my brother and sister in Seattle. And they're always like, why don't you come out here? I'm like, I died, can't afford it A and B. Like I just don't want to live that lifestyle.
But yeah,
your real great on the way down
while
that's awesome for you.
And do they push back? Is there like a,
like a
feeling
against
Jersey?
Like, honestly, that was a little shocking to me just now when you said, like, they're all 20 living at home. I was like,
what?
So
when do people move out when they get married? Like once the normal time you're
like,
I don't know, maybe not.
Then
I couldn't do it.
Yes. Got to go,
Yeah. And the further you get out from living with your parents, it's just like, you're like, man, this living this way used to be normal to me. Like, at least it is for me, like, they're messier than I am. I'm like,
I grew
up
with
what? This is driving me insane because my family is on the west coast like I said, and so they'll come visit for like a week or two at the, at a time and I'm like, good God, it's like, it exploded in here. It drives me insane. And I love
them, but lot
picked
up.
Family.
I hear you so funny. They just, my parents are like really cluttering and so like when they come like stuff is just everywhere like papers here and plastic. I'm like throw away the plastic bags. What are you doing?
You're not going to go back
to it, throw it away. Not the great depression guys, we can get rid of stuff.
And like this is probably awful. But I would almost just rather like if I end up needing and again I'll just buy a new one. It's fine.
Oh my gosh, That's funny.
Well, I think we did a great job. We hit our time.
We survived. We can do it again.
Yeah. You don't even use gas so.
Nice. All right. Well, it was great talking to you. Hope
you
have a good
evening.
Have a good one.
Bye.