sorry
somebody
actually
showed up this time. Mhm
I'm here.
to
meet you. Mhm.
I couldn't
either. I mean last time I was all prepared and then I got here and nobody showed up.
I mean
it's
all good.
$1.50.
Well I got a dollar 50 for it.
I mean
that was something. Yeah. So where are you from?
well I'm in Georgia.
Yeah texas is pretty big I mean
well it's so big. I mean the thing about texas is I went to where is it? You know not Utah Arizona to the Grand Canyon one time and we rode through Texas And I swear that part took like three days. I might be exaggerating Mr
here but it seems
like
three days
I actually have
that
lives
in san Francisco.
doesn't look very fun job
as
long
as it paid for.
I mean I guess the main thing is if she enjoys it that's why you know different kinds of different people.
I can,
yeah, I've got
my laptop set up so that this way I can sit. So if you hear dogs barking at any time, I'll go ahead, apologize for that.
I've got
to
and
there's
gonna
be a train.
Well, that's
it's fine because, like, the town that I live out in the country, but when I go to town, we've got this train line that runs right through the middle of town, and my husband works right beside the train line, so if
I call him at any given time, there's gonna be a train,
but
oh, very tiny. Um, I can't remember how many people we've got, but we are known for wild chickens.
Yes. Which Bruce Willis was in town the other day. They're
filming movies
here now. I was like, wow.
yes, they actually will run around the middle of town, because when I first came over here, I had thought somebody was lying to me about others wild chickens running through the town, and then I saw the chickens and I was freaking out. It's like, oh my God, there's really chickens here,
and
actually, if you, If you hit
one,
they're fine.
Well
now some people
have goats in the house,
I have heard
of,
I don't, but there are some people that do,
I wouldn't do it, but you know,
because
apparently,
no, I've got to, but they're out in the field, they don't climb on anything, though.
I'm not really sure, because it's not technically enough for a farm, but I mean, I've got four dogs, two Goats, 4 cats. And what else do we have to birds?
Well, we got him for my son, and now he's not liking him anymore, but I told him I was like, you know their commitment? They live they're parakeets, so they live at least, you know about a decade. I have no idea how old they were when we got him. So like,
regular
people. No,
they are just too little. The other term. They call them budgies. I think
one.
I
can
see
that.
Well,
I mean like these they don't talk per se like like parents do, but uh from since I've been working from home since Covid, so I've been home since March, but About 8:30 AM, they'll start chirping making noise and they'll stop about an hour from now. And it's like they know they've got the whole day to be loud, but then when more people get home, they're just quieting down.
I think
that's
the fun because I've read for that. Uh like if you have noisy birds and you want to be quiet, throw a blanket over their cage. But I've also been told that it messes up there uh internal clock, so to speak. They don't know, not time for daytime then, so they think it's always not.
No, my son is always like, I'm going to go
through
a blanket on the page. No, don't do that.
probably
roosters. Yeah. Which is kind of funny because you know about every single chicken has red on it. But I can see that because chickens are crazy.
Not that I have any
Very happy. That's
like my mom was terrified of chickens because of that. A rooster attacked
her when she was a kid and she swears up and down that it was gigantic. And how old were you when this happened? She's like, oh about five. I was like so of course it was gigantic because to hear her story, you know you
have about three football chicken that's just attacks for no reason, which I was thinking a little dramatic, but you know
well she said they had chicken and dumplings at night, so Mhm.
It
does,
yeah. All right. It was the ultimate payback. Like you gave me scratch
for me up. I want to eat you now.
So what's the weather like in California right now?
I was
fun.
Well, it's been like 80s here for the past week, so I'm waiting on the colder weather. Not that I'm fussing about not having it because I really don't like cold with it.
well now you have the virus in California for a while too right?
no.
I was fine. Well now we did have what was it the uh trying to think the Sahara desert, the dust that travel from there
some ugly over the summer. It like looped around and came up and it was dusty for a while Which you know with the way
2020 was going. I was expecting something from the money to happen.
The, well the girl that I know that's from around san Francisco, she was talking about how it was so bad
that they couldn't even go outside because she's got a toddler let him go out and play
earlier.
Well that's like my friend that was living there. I tried to uh was that they couldn't
nothing was like the it's not the humidifiers, it's like the exhaust
fans or whatever we're selling out in the area.
So I was trying to help her figure out a way to, according to Pinterest you can make your own with a box fan and air filters.
Better
than nothing.
Yeah. I mean I know from, because I've got a few cousins that lived around I think Los Angeles around pomona. If I'm pronouncing that right. And then uh another friend that lives, can't remember where at in California that she lives, but they were really fussing about the smoke, which apparently from what I've been told around Los Angeles is the smog you gotta worry about anyway on a daily.
It makes sense
to consider which is where I'm at. We have no mountains. I'm in the southern part of Georgia and it's just flat lands and nothing really pantries. So
you know
it was
spring,
it
starts
in
north Georgia,
mm oddly northwest of me. Yeah,
because
starts
in northwest Georgia hits Tennessee north Carolina and then west Virginia and Virginia and goes on up. Apparently there's people
that
hike the whole thing.
I think so. Um, I want to think that's what my, because my sister in law was originally from Maine and I was trying to remember what she had told me, which I think she was like right on the coast.
We've got like a bunch of forest with the pine trees, trees, all of that. And because actually like around my house, like I said, I live out in the country but we have uh pines all around us and we do have deer come up in the yard.
We actually
have a spot where we go hunting in the next town over that is like nothing but woods.
number one, you already know the quality of the meat you're gonna get. You should, it's not like, you know, processed meat where you get a certain percentage of fat thrown in there, and I think that's what they usually do it by the pound, but it can cost you anywhere from 90 to 100 something dollars to get a deer process. But then by the time you think about what you've been on, you know, going to the grocery store,
because
like a pound of hamburger meat is $5, a pound.
I'll be
like
that.
Yeah, I just can't bring myself to buy the uh little roll of it, you know, for
$2.
Yeah, I'm always like, I don't know what goes
into that, but I don't know what goes into the other either, so.
Which I mean, you get tired of fish after a while at least, I think so. Which that's like I know some people that will raise chickens and do the process and then all at their own house, but I don't think I could feed something and then like, okay, I'm gonna eat it now because I get too attached.
Well you would look
at
first, well after you kill it, you plug it and get the majority of the feathers and you would bullet for the smaller feathers. And then, which I'm trying to think because there was a little magazine thing that I had that had like the different machines unique because there was one that looked like a rotator thing.
But
I guess I bought
it. You would throw it in there and it would just like scrape off all the feathers
important really
Pay off. Like I said, I think I'd get too attached and
Which they say it's
more different. Mhm.
They say it's more expensive to feed them out though for the eggs.
Yeah, that's what they say. Yeah.
Not
some people buy like chicken scratch, which is basically corn and feed it to him, which I had ducks last year and then I had a fox decided that it was gonna help itself to 0/2 a dozen of my adults and uh I was waiting to let them get bigger because I was told that their eggs were great for baking.
Yeah. Hold on just a second. I'm sorry let down lacks black now. All the way, all the way.
You have
sorry my dogs were deciding this was the perfect time to play body faces I call it.
Which
they,
I
think
I might
do not having a pet, wow.
I
Oh yeah, which I mean I've got like I said I've got four of them and they're all outdoors and that was my son that just walked by in the background. But
I've got two black cats, an orange and white tomcat. And then a little, what is it? A grey tabby? Which the tabby and one of the black ones are what they call manx cats and they don't have a tail.
Which
I can never remember the names except for the little naked cat as I call it. The sphinx cat.
Oh there's another one a lot coy and it looks like a little werewolf.
because I was like oh I'll take one of those.
My husband's
like
you've got enough that
Oh yes. I mean that's like you go outside and all four of my cats will come running out of nowhere. Like is it time to eat? It's like no it's not time to eat.
And I've got one of them that I swear if you're not out there when she thinks it's time to eat, she'll go hunting and then bring back a squirrel or something. And it's like you really don't have to bring that to the house. I didn't need to see that.
well I have heard that, that's what they do. I mean and sorry, I'm getting stared down right now. The dog walked up
to me and
he's he's so used to be working from home now that he was an outside dog and it's like, well, you know, I'm home all the time, might as well let him in the house with me and now he's
thanks, he's got to be by my side all the time.
Oh yes, he's a Belgian malinois wall.
Well, I always say that reaper is like a toddler on a sugar high all the time and he's got no sense of quit.
He will go non stop, even if you take him out to play, throw the tennis ball, going to walk, he'll come back, take five minute nap and he's ready to go again.
Oh yeah. I mean I probably wouldn't like working from home as much if I didn't have them, which I've got my son to, he's doing the online learning. Well
you, so I'm gonna walk through him pointing like he's there behind me now, but he's not, but he's doing the online learning. So he's home with me all day, which they finally converted over to the conference calls because they were doing where they just log in, do some schoolwork
and
then.
they actually shut down the middle school here for two weeks because the school nurse, hey, uh Covid and then ended up giving it to a couple of teachers. So which the only reason I had him out for online learning is because I knew something like that would happen. So I wanted to be prepared for the online learning and like his sister, she was not as prepared
because
she's been,
Well, I just knew that they would do the whole, you shut down the school and have it going back and forth. So I figure you to be proactive.
Oh yeah. I mean, not that I'm as worried about it as if I were elderly or something, but still, you know, you don't want to be that jerk that gives covid everybody.
hmm.
goodness.
Does she have like a tablet or something that she could uh, you could face timer or well with dementia as you might not
because
hmm. Years ago I used to work at a nursing home and we yeah, I'll be quiet. Most of our residents had dementia and there were some of them. It was to the point of if they told me that the sky was purple, I agreed and told him it was the prettiest purple I've ever seen. Just because you
know,
you didn't ever
want
to argue
with
him.
No.
I thought we actually
did 27.
I was
that it was going to be one of those where we wouldn't have anything to talk about and all the awkward silence, but there was no awkward silences.
You
get very
I know, I keep on looking away, but like I said, I've got the dogs in there just But it was fun. Thank you.
All
have
one
too.