kid. Mhm mm. I don't see another person yet mm Well yeah. Mhm. I hope something didn't go wrong. I don't see another person yet. Okay. No I say late about five or 6 minutes. Holy
hello
I'm
chief.
I'm here. I'm Jason.
How are you? I'm pretty
good.
Nice to meet you too. I wish I could I wish I could have thought of something interesting to say before. Had you know some interesting topic but I didn't I couldn't think of anything this time.
Wait.
I'm sorry I think they're
supposed
to compensate
I think they're supposed to compensate you a little for that if nobody shows up
I've been haunted by. What's it?
Yeah they give you something okay
you know?
Oh I was born here Bakersfield California. Yes.
Oh wow. Yeah I think most of the people that I've spoken to are along the east coast somewhere There was one person from Wisconsin I think than that but all the other people who were in new york. Um someone from I think it was south Carolina. Um Oh no there was one person from texas but there was one person from texas.
Yeah I can't remember where in texas. Yeah.
Well
you know
we're
yeah we're here in California. I mean texas is like California plus some it's huge. You can't you know takes forever to drive through the whole thing. I mean I think the only time I've ever been like up seeing the extent of most of the state is when I went up to visit my sister one year. Uh she lives up north and like san Francisco area so I took a train
I was so
many
years
ago. Yeah. Well she's she still lives still lives there today. She's uh I forget exactly what she does, she used to be a psychologist so she like works for a company divide devising like I guess it's this I guess she gets help with like the she devises the software or like the questions that they ask for health care. You know, it's like some kind of health care company. I'm not exactly
Well I don't know, I
guess
it interesting
and she's been there a while. Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. I I guess if she feels she's helping people and she you know, she's she'd enjoy it, but can you see me clearly? I'm sorry, I keep moving this
around. Okay, that's good.
Bye.
No,
that's
all right. No, you know what we have here, we have an entire train that runs right by in the back of this. So probably,
you know, at some point what, you know
will be
interrupted
by like a giant train coming through and making
of noise. I apologize for that.
Ancient,
interesting, interesting. How
large is the town you live in?
wild chickens, interesting,
interested
often.
chicken is that are there actual species of like wild, different species of wild chickens that are interesting?
Is there
somebody,
I'm
fine,
yeah, there's like somebody right down the way that owns a chicken keeps it behind a offense and I think they just legalized in the area, I'm not sure if it was ever really illegal in this part of our city, but um they legalized, you know, everybody can own chickens and small, you know, I'm sure they can't own a goat or a sheep or something, but you know, chickens or whatever to lay eggs. I guess that's
a new thing,
I don't know.
Can you
good
at a house
interesting?
Don't
goats
need somewhere to climb?
So you have your own, your own farmer I guess ranch would be the time, What would be the proper term?
Two birds. Huh.
Are they very
intelligent?
No,
but there's some
birds I could I could almost you know almost swear. But I wouldn't want to that uh that I read something that some species of birds are so intelligent that they think they have some level of consciousness. It
was
some
something
like very very intelligent. Some of the species I guess it's only some species but
no.
Do they know when you're getting home or does it have to do with the rising and setting of the sun? Like a rooster
might
be?
Oh not good for the birds
I
thought.
I saw I saw something somewhere that said they used to have these like glasses or something that they would put on chickens because I guess they go a furious when they see like blood or red or something. And so they used to have like they would have a little visor thing that they would put on the, I think it was chickens or roosters or something to prevent them from just
going all
If
people live there been some stories of roosters killing people and things like that.
Pretty
act
Hi.
Or it was just a very large chicken from some strange, you know. Yeah.
sounds traumatizing.
She
gets attacked and then then they have chicken and dumplings. Yeah.
true.
Yeah, vengeance. Yeah, that's true. Uh huh. Well
I forgot to turn the alerts off. I'm sorry. Um
The
weather is a, oh it's you know, it's been pretty cold actually, it's been like it's been down to a 33 34 at night. It was you know really warm and stayed really warm throughout the fall and then all of a sudden we got a cold front in and uh so it's been kind of chilly at least chilly for us, you know that's chilly for us. 32
you know what's good about this for us? We had a huge infestation of mosquitoes, there were mosquitoes all over the city and when the cold weather set in it finally killed them all off or at least you know until they come back until the eggs hatch, you know in another year or so. But luckily it's a luckily it because they were biting, I had bumps all over me, you know they were biting everywhere. I know a lot of people were having that problem. Like a tropical, it was like a tropical, I don't know, tropical zones for a while. Yeah.
Yes, there was all that smoke. Did that travel over to where you were? I
heard that it went, I heard that the smoke from the fires actually went all the way over to the east Coast and there's some cities like Washington and new york, the sky was all, you know, Smoggy claudio sounds like somebody's doing their uh gardening or something. I'm sorry about that noise.
Dust boom.
Word.
exactly. We're actually lucky that there wasn't as much smoke here like it was what orange skies I think up above the bridges in san Francisco. So we didn't have that. We just had a lot of a lot of smoke that was blocking out the sun. But we didn't, we certainly didn't have orange, nothing apocalyptic yet are completely apart.
Something
my sister was panicking, you know, she was she was panicking I guess it started to occur to her, you know, can I can I go down there where he is? Because she was asking me, you know, is it clearer there? And just just I could tell in her voice, you know, she was not doing
well, all the things that were happening,
but
it's
But
I have a tiny little cheapo eric filter from walmart, you know that it's supposed to be happen, but it doesn't it doesn't seem to clear everything. We're just in a little, you know mobile home so there's all the dust that comes in from outside. You can't really block it. I tried but that's
still bad.
I mean it's gotten better. Yeah, most of the smoke has cleared out recently but it was bad.
You know this area Bakersfield is actually these days has been for about the last decade worse the air quality than Los Angeles. Los Angeles Air quality has improved drastically over the past. I don't know I think it's been the last 20 years. So we're really we're usually among you know summer days, some of the days of winter among the most polluted places in the country. Just because of the way that you have the mountain ranges surrounding three sides of the area that keeps kind of keeps any pollution from anywhere else in.
But uh
So
where
were
the, so there is in like on the east coast and in the south somewhere there is the mountain range. Right? So
that is
to the
west
of you. Right, that's the west
northwest
I
see.
I haven't felt
that
yeah and then by the time that you're on the you know like maine it's like right along the coast right? Because it kind of goes inland the further south you go
yeah. Is it do you live from your description? It's maybe like farmland but isn't there a lot of forest out there? Like my sister again I'm going to reference my sister, I don't know why I keep talking about her but she used to go to school at the University of Georgia at Athens so she actually got married you know nor northern Georgia I guess and there's so much beautiful you know woodland out there uh you know like the apartment she lived in were right next to the forest, there were deer that would come up to the place. Um You know it was I've never seen that because like here it's all surrounded by uh it's all flat farmland and then you have the mountains and then there's desert way way in the
sorry about
that.
Do you save a lot on having a hunting license and uh you know um hunting for your own meat and?
Well
I mean that
yeah something. Well I mean if you're
buying
the
good good good quality it would be five or $6 a pound. You know
if
God only knows what goes into that, but that's what we have the time. Mhm.
Have
you have a meat processor here that's supposed to make like good meat, a Harris ranch or something. I don't know how far they send their meats, but that's we have that somewhere here I think. But not I don't think there's any place to, I don't think there's any place out here to hunt. I may be wrong. There's a lot of fishing. Um You know, I know a lot of people say it by having a fishing license, but we don't have a car so we wouldn't be able to get out there to actually do the fishing anyway.
What would the processing beef or chicken, boiling water to remove the feathers? How exactly would you?
that
would,
How
interesting
you
uh so you got to do a lot of them for it to really
affordable.
yeah. Just keep them for the eggs I guess. I think that's what they do down the street. Yeah.
pass
what's that? I'm sorry.
Is it really?
Well my sister sends my roommate, my sister sends us uh like her eggs from her house. Everyone's her chickens and uh they're definitely better quality, you know, the very orange compared to what you get in the stores. But I've never asked them, you know like how much does it cost for the I I figured they just feed them, you know the grass in their field or whatever. I don't I don't know,
I know so little about that.
interesting.
By
carrie yeah.
Oh that's fine.
I wish I still had pets. We
had, yeah, we had we had dogs, there are Christie had dogs when she lived here Joey's. Yeah. Actually there
at
the
specific
the cats like to be friendly around here though, the
outdoor cats and everyone else's. Oh so.
that's right.
Oh yeah, I've heard of that. That's one of the few species of cats have heard uh they used to have another weird one. What was it the Scottish rex or something that has curly hair. One of the unusual species of cat other than
that I don't know I don't know any of them.
Oh that too yes thinks or whatever that is. I don't know what they what they call that.
Oh is is that the one? Yeah I think I think I know what you mean. That kind of yeah the one with the strange face. Yeah. Yeah
that's
are so
adorable
cancer. So they have this there's just like no understanding. Even if you feed them of with them of uh you know be nice to the person that's feeding you. I mean there's so so moody but it's cute you know.
Yeah. Uh huh. Hey
I think they do that. They think well it's time to eat. They're not bringing the food, they must not have food and see, I told you about the train. They must not have food themselves, I gotta bring them food. It's something like that where they're trying to provide for the, you know, I think of you as part of the family.
I'm
sorry.
I
do that, you know, kind of dog that has to run around a lot swimmer.
Yeah. My mother had a border collie that, you know, they're like Australian cheap dog kind of dogs. So they had to he had to always go out for a walk and would drag us along. You know, we tried to run as fast as and it wouldn't work.
Thank you.
Yeah. Dogs cats. They're all good for all our companions.
And
they had
just
opened they had just opened up the schools here schools and movie theaters I think. And it was uh we went from purple tier two reds here and now, like a week or two later we have to they're gonna move us back into purple tier because it's increasing so much the number of covid infections and stuff.
and
the kids
are and you know kids aren't in much danger but they're gonna spread it to their families if they if they all go back. Yeah.
Right. Right. Yes it is a you know a serious thing.
When I'm really worried about my mother lives in it's not like a nursing home but it's basically a locked facility similar and she's got alzheimer's disease. She's pretty she's older now and I can't go to see her because you know you can't go visit a nursing home or visit a retirement
home and so yeah, I worry anyway. Yeah that's I don't know what to do because her brothers are the ones responsible for care. They live all the way in new york and
yeah, so I I wish I could go to see her but I'm not going to endanger the people there, I'm not going to just won't do that.
Maybe if I could ask them if they could put her on a screen like that, I'm not sure. I could
ask them to do something like google duo you know and let me talk to her that way but I've had trouble getting through to them before I yeah, I think I'm gonna have to try calling again and see if there's any way they can confirm, you know or have her put her on the line somehow but she just doesn't have the wherewithal anymore to know to like pick up a phone on her own or hold it to herself.
No
stress.
You
don't
want
to
write. Well mm
I think we've done our 25 minutes. I
I can't believe
you put up with me and he said yeah I can't believe you put up with me for that long but I'll keep you any longer if you're busy
with. Uh huh.
Well I did my best
hope
I can take it for a while. All
All right thank
you. Thank you.
Have a have
a good day is good talk