Mhm. Oh thank you thank you thank you. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right.
However hi. Good, how are you?
That's okay. Nice headphones.
I
also are those the QC 35 ones or twos?
Yeah does it have the
that
the twos have
the
uh the twos have the built in Alexa with them but
yeah minor the ones as well. Yeah.
they're the best money I think I've spent on something for myself like um Yeah I got them because I was flying a lot and just never again you can't be on a plane without them. Right.
Uh huh. So where are you calling from?
I'm actually from boston. I'm calling from Oregon though. Yeah
so I am what am I doing? Um I'm a writer for medical consultant company. Yeah. What are you doing in boston? Are you you don't sound like you're from there?
boston?
you go did you go for school and then just stay
oh sod I went to um Simmons which is in the Fenway.
nursing.
It's like a lot
of nurses
and like library science. So.
Yeah. God that was so long ago. Uh huh.
Um The snow kind of murdered me. So were you there
in 25th?
We're still living there in like 2015 when we had the all that snow? Okay so I was shoveling every single day Right to get out of my house because it was like that 100" of snow and it killed me and I was just like I can't live in the snow anymore like I can't do it and I was like I don't have to live here so then I moved. Yeah.
Yeah but so
you
yeah you went from sun and surf to snow willingly.
Yeah it's not.
because I found a job in Oregon and it's a lot cheaper than California. Um It's very
green,
there's a lot of outdoor
activity. But yeah like if someone to pay me to go to san Francisco like I would have gone to san Francisco. But unfortunately. Yeah.
Uh So wait what do you what do you do in boston? You said you worked downtown?
Are
you
allowed
to be doing this? Yeah.
So are you, so do you like construct any of these surveys? Are you look at the data or?
Here.
More.
So you figured in your free time away from work you would just really just double down. Yeah.
No
that's.
Yeah. Well it's funny because it's like I always was interested in like who writes these surveys because some of the time they make no sense and you're like I know exactly what you're trying to ask me here and like there's such leading questions and then other times you're like what this is like, yeah, this is solid.
So yeah, so basically what I do is we have a bunch, so I work for a consulting company and so we have a bunch of mostly like ear nose and throat doctors and so we go in and we're like, hey, everything you have is garbage, we're going to fix it. And so I write all their like web content. So like when you go to like your doctor's website and you're like, I don't know, do I have an ear infection? Then we say yeah, you deal.
And then they come in so very
um so I was working in clinical research before this and I sort of got to a crossroads where I was like you go get your PhD or you leave and I was like I don't want to do that. So then I was like I'm gonna move to Oregon. And then these people gave me a job, it's a real yeah spiral of events. But you know
so I was working so I worked for a cardiovascular drug trial that we're looking at people who had heart attacks and then we're giving them this drug to see if we can prevent them from having additional heart attacks. Spoiler alert didn't work, that's fine. And then I was also running um clinical research on peanut allergies and like a topic dermatitis. Yeah so that's
pretty
interesting.
Yeah. You know diversifying.
what I thought was interesting is like even they what they call the drug in the clinical trials is not what they call it at the end of the day, like when it actually goes to market your like, and I don't know if it's like, you can't spend the money on marketing beforehand to decide like what to call it, but like, the name at the end isn't any
better. It's just
different. But like, so
is a lot of the marketing, like how should we, like, how should we present it and like our people open to this and like what sort of stuff in the commercials is too scary or?
That's crazy to think that the ad we end up watching on television was like very carefully selected. Yeah.
makes sense. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, so we work with like a bunch of hearing aid manufacturers and this one company has decided that their advertising is like um gonna be like really cheeky and so it's like these two older women that are in like all their ad campaigns and it's just them like sort of sexually harassing these younger men, but then like they can't hear them and they turned their hearing aids on and then one of them is like that's my son and you're like, I don't know how this got from point A to like being an active like national campaign, but you're like they had to have gone through something like this and showing it to people and everyone's like that's funny. And then we watched like this conference and it was just like quiet
and you're like yeah, this was incredibly uncomfortable for everyone involved.
So uh but uh
so uh how's the weather?
what I hear?
Did you get much from that hurricane that was coming up?
it's like waiting for hurricanes was always just the worst because you you get the news like a week or so beforehand and then it would be like the only thing that was on the news, it would be like counting down and it's like, oh it's getting bigger, that's getting smaller and then you're like waiting for its hit and then you're like, oh okay, like just like hurry up, you know, like just get it over with. But
no.
There
yeah, so they're mostly in somerville and need like Needham area. So Yes.
well, fortunately so I went back to visit in february and then I remember because I was in the airport and like there was like sort of covid talk, but you know, nothing had really been here. So everything was fine. But I remember being annoyed because I couldn't refill my refillable water bottle on the airplane because they're like, you know because of Covid we're just giving everyone cups and I was like this is bullshit. Like I'm just and then it was like two weeks later everything was done and I was like, well that was a very
convenient visit home because Yeah.
Yeah. So you probably can't, is your family still in Australia? Yeah.
So
you want to leave and then you apply and then you get approval to come back
I like that. You could just go downtown and they're like, no, no we can't help you do that. You have to definitely travel 6000 miles round
trip.
That's much
better.
So uh one of my friends, her husband, so she is in Mass and her husband is from London. And so they got married here and then he had to leave immediately to then go apply for their marriage visa and so then he
was like in London for like three months later and then that finally got approved and he was like, I mean you're already here, like you came, you got married and then there was like well you can't apply here, you have to apply there, you're like okay
Yeah and now to, I feel like everything's just because like you couldn't, you can't go anywhere,
I mean none
of
us can go anywhere but wow.
Are they doing while, I mean they're probably doing better than us but
wow. Um and then okay, so I have a question for you, so since new Zealand is doing so great, like is there, I would think that you could apply what they're doing New Zealand like a larger scale in Australia. But they are the government's super different
in that
sense.
I know like the woman who is in charge of New Zealand is taking it very seriously and like they just had those like four cases and they locked everything down immediately, but they seem so similar having never been there on my
end.
We're
not
but that sounds good. So like I work, so I live in Oregon and I work in Washington and it's about like 10 minutes
away like it's right, we're right on the border. But it's just crazy because when this was all happening like Seattle which is in Washington was one of the first places to get it. And like I'm just driving over the border, like all these people are just going about their lives like this, we're not going to do anything like, you know? And then
for a while Idaho, all their golf courses were open and so people were, which is next to us on the other side. And so people are driving from Washington Oregon into Idaho to go golfing and then coming back and then they ended
up having a lockdown there's and they're like, you need an ID but you're just like, there's no rules, everyone's doing whatever the fuck they want. But
Yeah, I mean it is, it is just like a question of like, will you do something that includes slightly inconveniences you to
help other people. Apparently not is what we're getting, but you like mass is doing what is it like you have to quarantine if you come in now. So that's good. That's something.
Dude
job was
this
and
Yeah. Well, so you just have like all these like really tiny vacation towns that you know, they got it under control and then the rest of us are like, oh well now we're going to come through in it for you because however we are. But it's nice where you are. Yeah, That must be, I'm interested if they can actually enforce it like the quarantine because I know they're like group, they said they're finding people, but what are you like writing down a list of people that get off airplanes or drive in?
He says,
I
don't and I feel like you should have to submit something. Like you should have to give them a negative test or be like, this is where I'm stealing. You can check in because it's like, you can, because I'm like when they make like mask mandates and they're like finding if you're not wearing a mask, I'm like, yeah, but no one's outside. Like I don't see a police officer walking around with like a ticket pad. So it's like, you know, you can tell me you're going to find me, but I don't believe you. So
Right.
Yeah. They opened and then all of our cases went up. So, but like there's a lot
of outdoor dining so you can say so I'm like, OK, I'll go and have a beer outside, but I'm not going to go inside a restaurant. That's it. And then people are wearing masks, they see a
lot of people without them. And now it's not that hard. That's the thing. It's pretty simple. Yeah. But
Yeah. I just think it's like, you know, what is it? six months? Because like I went home, started working remotely on March 13 and I, you know, haven't been back since and like it just I think people are just like, okay, we did it like we follow directions, but now we're done following directions and you're like, it's not over. But I get it. It's been six months, but that's a long time.
But
we
Oh, okay. But we can't just collectively decide that it's over. Right?
okay.
I feel like we'll probably get this early stages or something around thanksgiving and then we'll see if it works. I'm a little concerned about this fast tracking thing because, you know, because they're working on one I think in England now and they're probably
working on a few others. And it's like I still get approved before we have any concrete evidence that it works long term. So it's going to be like a let's hope and then we have all the anti-vaxxers that if people don't get the vaccine, then just like all of us who follow the rules and then get it. It's not going to be that helpful if you have all these non mask wearers, do it not get it.
And I mean we already saw that with the measles coming back. It's like obviously we can't trust you people to follow simple directions and not put everyone's life at risk,
but
I don't
Do you
ever
do you ever go on like insane people? Facebook subreddit. Yeah.
So like
I'll
just be stuck scrolling through that and I'm like, I mean these people can't be serious like this can't be the real thoughts because it will be like, oh they're using baby fetuses to make vaccines. You know? You can't think that's true. Like, you just can't
like.
Yeah, it's unbelievable nonsense. Well
with that, sir, we're all done. We made our 25. Yeah.
Oh yeah. My name is Deborah,
James nine.
Solid chat. Have
Have a good one,