it's going
pretty good, pretty good. Sorry I'm a bit late.
Thank you.
Thanks.
That's a good question. Um
Or
I
have
no idea.
Okay. No I don't have no. No
they're awesome. I love them.
I totally agree. Absolutely.
I'm calling from boston. What about you?
Very cool. What are you what are you doing or again?
No I'm from Australia but I've I've lived in Boston for about 10 years now. Um
um I live in the North Island and I'm yeah I work downtown in downtown right now at the office. Uh
Yeah. Yeah. I want to suck dick.
of course. Yeah. I know a lot of people were that that's uh that's do they specialize in? Um God what was it?
I had a few friends that went there.
No.
Worth it. Yeah.
Yeah I know someone that was at Suffolk that transferred over there specifically for some degree. I don't think it was nursing but yeah, that's a good school.
what made you go to Oregon?
I'm sorry
you broke up for a second. What did you say?
What's that?
I
don't blame you at all.
I did. But
you know I like it, it's a change, you know it's it's different and boston it's a great city obviously you know it's like a pretty sort of the classic kind of city and yeah and so what made you go to orange specifically and not like California, like every other bostonian at some point in my life.
Makes
sense,
pardon?
Yeah.
I work at a market research agency so kind of like exactly what prolific is
I
kind
of do that.
Don't tell anyone.
Yeah, I do it. So I don't we don't use prolific for our studies, but we do construct online surveys and do the analysis and the reports and we do
like some of these like weapons views. Like we set them up and moderate and talk to people, um, from all over the world. So yeah, it's kind of like what I do. And so it's actually interesting to see like what prolific survey, you know what content
in there. And like it's just, I loved him. I actually learned a lot of things so that soon like different ways to ask questions and stuff like that.
Right. Exactly. It's kind of good enough of it.
No,
it's good though.
Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. It's like a lot of academic institutions like, I feel like they don't really know how to ask the right questions like phrase itself. But yeah, that's interesting. But so you met, you said you were a writer and in the medical field.
interesting.
What's what made you get into that?
let's call the what what kind of clinical research are you doing?
It's
quite
a range of things. Yeah,
absolutely. Yeah. Yeah, we do. So a lot of our clients that healthcare clients that, you know, trying to figure out of pocket that drugs and they might be in like Phase three, like about to get proof. Like how are we gonna market this patients to physicians, that type of thing. So it's really interesting. So it's crazy some of the drugs out there right now, it's like we're about to be out there cutting edge cuts. Yeah.
but
narrow.
for real.
Yeah, lots lots of exactly. And you know, who should be in the commercial like who has like the sort of highest level of advocacy, you know, like trustworthiness? Um And then it could even be the stuff like the method administration, maybe they have like a couple of different, you know, syringes or something that they're thinking about, which is the most sort of perceived to be the most safe, the most user friendly, that sort of thing. So it ranges from adds to method into all that kind of stuff.
absolutely. You've got like, you know, they'll have like don't they specifically work with like a design agency Um as well as a research agency typically, so they'll have like feedback, the design team will like mock up like 10 different ones um and then we'll test it by talking to patients or physicians what works best basically. Yeah.
But I feel I feel like you see those ads sometimes you like, why the hell did this get approved? You know?
Mr well,
Oh my God. Oh my God. Yeah, it's awkward, but that's really funny.
it,
the weather is very hot and human and kind of grows as
typical typical boston northeast and someone right, like,
You know, I thought we would, there was like tornado warnings and flood warnings. It ended up being like a couple of sort of maybe 20 minutes of rain at least in the city. I know the outsider city got hit a bit on it, but yeah, it wasn't too bad. Yeah.
Seriously, it's frustrating. But
do you, so do you still have a lot of family and friends and stuff
in, in the video in in mass?
Do you have to come back to visit or you like alarming forever or what's the deal?
hmm.
Now it's like impossible, but
I was planning on, well I wasn't planning on going home, but so I needed to go abroad earlier this year to get a new Visa U. S. Visa, but then Covid hit and they literally band foreigners coming to the US like two days before I was supposed to go. So I was like, well can't go anymore. Um, so I had to do it like, oh, it's, you can still do it if you don't travel. It's just quicker if you do good embassy outside the States.
But
yeah, it's like you have to submit a bunch of paperwork and then they give you approval to get it renewed, but you have to go to an embassy. Like typically I go to London and like get an appointment and like pay a fee to do like an interview sort of thing. Um And then they send you the visa in the passport like a couple of days but if you do it remotely it takes like a lot longer basically because I just have more applicants essentially. But
I
know
it
so well.
my
it's stupid. Yeah it's dumb.
No
I
can't
I couldn't even go, I can't even go back to Australia if I wanted to because that they didn't really strict on their border situation so they're not letting like anyone in or anyone leave unless it's like you know some crazy extending reading circumstance. But.
Yeah, I mean yeah they within the so they're like states and territories within Australia. Not as many of us, but there's one or two states that aren't doing as well as others, but it's it's not like, you know, as crazy numbers obviously like is here or sort of like representative lee, it's not like the same, but yeah, they just been really strict, so it's kind of worked out, but as a result like the economy is just screwed, you know, totally screwed.
no,
it's
like they're pretty pretty much like different in terms of like um sort of like philosophy or like Yeah.
no,
no, they definitely you're right, they definitely are. I think it's I think that in New Zealand I believe that the federal government has has much more um it's more like centralized decision making as opposed to in Australia, the States are a little more autonomous, so you've got the federal government, you know, it's kind of like in the US to, it's like the States have quite a lot of power. So I think that it's kind of the same like my to my state, my home state is Western Australia, very original name. Um They were really, really stretch and they were like, we're closing like not only the state border, but like if you live in the city or the town, whichever you live in, you can't leave. There's like a 30 mile radius so you can go like you can't go beyond that radius. So they
walk
down like right down to the, to the talent City as opposed to other states which are like, you can travel like where you go on like it's fine. So yeah, different but
copper.
But
What?
It's just so hard to police it though, you know, like assists as so many ways to cross the line and state lines and like it's just it's difficult people, I mean like it gets to a certain point where it's like it's about sort of social responsibility rather than someone telling you what to do and unfortunately lots and lots of people uh so it's been responsible enough basically. That's the way I see it is.
no.
it's, yeah, it's definitely good. I think even like even for an island now, like originally it was like the north, like any sort of new England State, you can just freely going between Albert Islands, like picked up cases again. So they have to come in quarantine people on the on Cape Cod getting like really pissed off about
all the uh
all the
people have like second home stream, like new
york that are coming up and like quarantining them.
See that's the thing that's weird like so you can book a flight to boston right from like L. A. Or wherever and then you can book a return flight that it's like two days later. So like clearly you have you're not quarantine two weeks because
you're going to the end to and from the airport you're going to and from the hotel like why why would you let people book a return? That's what I don't yeah
like.
I know it's difficult for sure
what's the deal over there like in terms of sort of people um like the bodies opening like restaurants open and stuff in in Oregon there.
No.
pardon?
I agree. Yeah it's the same sort of situation where it's like, and at the beginning, everyone was great about the mask stop now. It's like, you can little bit lax and now there's a lot of more outdoor dining, which is nice, but you know, potential to be bad.
Oh, absolutely. It's insane. I mean,
bye
guys. Yeah. Sorry, go in.
Oh yeah, I know. It's because it's not, Yeah. What
do you have thoughts on sort of like when it, when it will be over like vaccines and all that kind of stuff?
No.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right.
It's
like, it's ridiculous when you think about it. It's just like how like stupid can you be like
zero evidence, right? It's like completely based on just literally like shit votes online essentially.
What
do you think about it?
Yeah,
That's
great.
It's
so bad. It's just it's madness, Really?
No.
Well, what I didn't catch your name,
Deborah James. Thank
you for uh nice to chat with you.
Absolutely,
yeah. Likewise, take care.