Yes, I can. Can you hear me
Okay? How are you today?
Great.
my name is ruby.
Yeah. And you?
Uh Nice to meet you, Dylan. How
are you today? I do you work from home?
What are you studying,
And how is that going?
Yeah. You have to be really disciplined. That's a family.
Yeah. So what are you planning to be after school? Yeah.
And boy.
Well,
it pays in the end?
I want
them.
Mhm. Yeah. That's cool. That sounds that's
cool. You must be smart again.
Yeah, I did it before because I studied dietetics. So we had to do organic chemistry. I mean, it was pretty fun. I think I had a good teacher, so I enjoyed it. Yeah, it was pretty fun.
So the wiki are you in?
Yeah. Are you in at
convenient?
Oh, that's awesome. That's awesome. I'm glad you're enjoying it.
Cool. So do you have lockdowns where you're currently at?
I was saying do you guys have lockdowns in the area you're staying here?
wow, that's crazy. Do you stick on campus?
Okay. So that's better. At least rather than on campus it will be, I can imagine seeing on campus and having online classes. That would really suck. Oh, that's
departure in which state are you in?
I'm in texas to Yeah,
crazy. I'm in Arlington.
uh not really. It's about maybe 30, minutes away from Dallas, right?
Yeah,
I mean the closest universities. Ut Arlington, yeah, mm
hmm.
yeah. Yeah, I've looked at it. I think I've looked into it before. Oh, interesting. That's crazy. Because the last time I did this um the guy I spoke to was in new york. Yeah, so it was like pretty different, so it's it's crazy that you're in texas too.
I'm
are
you are you into politics?
On
I know, I don't like politics, I mean I will follow it because I know it affects me and it affects the world around me, but I'm not really a fan of politics, like I'm not that invested in politics. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Hello
and
oh that's okay. Uh huh
Uh no I did not, I'm not invested in politics like that, but at first it was kind of exciting, like I think the 1st, 2nd day after the whole election thing, I was following it, but now I guess I'm over it, I'm tired, I'm over it.
Yes. And how how are you feeling? Are you happy with the results?
And
Democratic and
why do you peek biden? I'm just curious.
correct.
you know
Listen.
have you ever looked into their policies the republican? Because I heard it's pretty good. So I hear, I mean apart
from, yeah people say like apart from the trump factor that was like I mean he was not the best candidate but apparently I hear that the policies that the republicans have are really good for the country, especially
like
financially.
What?
that's true.
Yeah.
Mixing
Uh huh. Yeah, makes sense. We'll just we'll see how it goes I suppose. Yeah. So any plans for the holidays,
do you guys do anything special?
huh. Um
Okay. And you're not scared of the whole covid thing?
Mhm.
Mhm. Oh got you. But it seems like people are kind of over it like um about a month ago I went out with my friends. Yeah I think a little over a month went towards like the N. B. A. The final. Yeah and I was so surprised. It was so packed. Like we first started at the restaurant and it was so so packed and then after that my my friends and they were like go ahead let's go to the club, let's go to the club and then we just went to the club and I was so surprised it was so packed and they were not even like um enforcing like the whole mask thing, it was all up to you if you want to wear the mask, you wear the mask. If you don't want to wear the mask, you don't wanna, you don't wear the mask. And we're not even counting the number of people that were in the club. So it was like really, really packed. I was like, okay, I guess people don't care anymore.
I think it's crazy. I think it's crazy because I feel like people are still dying and I have like family outside the country. Like I have a sister in Australia and she says in Australia you can't even go from one state to the other because they don't want, they don't want the virus to spread. So they're really like strict on it. And I also have family. My brother is in England and he says they're going through the same thing, like you can't just go from one town to the next. So I was just like, we don't even care, like I don't even hear people talking about it anymore, like like before it seems like everybody just has moved on. But apparently
I see people are still dying on the news, so I'm just like if we become ignorant or I don't know.
Okay. Oh, that's great. And how is it? I've never had the test, but I heard it hurts.
Okay. Do you have, do you know anyone close to you who has had the covid thing? Okay.
huh And did they tell you the experience how it is?
Oh that's crazy. Right, that's scary. That that is scary. I don't know.
So what are you are you going back home for thanksgiving? Are you
anything
I think?
Or
in
Yeah. Okay. Got you. That's crazy. I hope you have a good thanksgiving though
And I was the weather that side.
Only
Okay. Gotcha. Wait so if you're gonna do um okay so your major is biology? Right so when you're done then uh you can you just go straight to do, you just take a board exam to become a dentist or you have to go to dental school, do some more.
Well
got
So
what's the difference with medicine like is in the time the time frame if?
But don't they now cut corners because doctors nurses I are like in demand
isn't it a bit shorter now?
The pressure.
Okay. So are you doing it because you like it or you're doing it for the prestige to be a doctor?
And
I'm not sure actually not bad it's just it just takes so long. Like I did for dietetics I did like you have to do the bachelor's degree then you have to do the masters I mean yeah the masters and you have to do an internship. So sometimes they combine you can combine the masters and the internship. Most most colleges have it as one program and then after that you have to take the R. D. Exam and then you can become an R. D. So it's just so so much so after I was done with my bachelor's I was like okay I'm burned out, I'm taking a break so now I've been taking a break and I probably will go back to school next year to do my Masters and my internship. But at
some
point it burned out because I was taking like 21 credit hours a semester. Yeah and I was working full time as well so I was just like burnt out. It's crazy.
Mm I really wanted to finish so but it just made me kinda hate school for a while. So now I'm starting to, I'm starting to like it again, Start thinking about going back again to get that passion back again. So now I'm just saving up like we said it's so expensive squeeze. So expensive. So
Okay. 1st, um, I started at a community college at Brookhaven, uh, in farmers branch here in Dallas. And then from there I went to texas, women's University and then I did it, I think a year there and then, um, I moved to our king Saul because it was kind of cheaper. And then I did my last, my last two years there, That's where I graduated from. And then I came back. I came back to texas this year. Yeah, beginning of the year, like around much after I was done.
okay. It was good in terms of, there's nothing happening. So you're focused. So if you go there and say, I just want to do school, you will do school because it's just like so boring. There's not much happening. And especially the town I was staying in, like, it's a small town. So. And if you want to have fun or if you want to do anything interesting, you have to Drive like an hour to little rock or 45 minutes um to the next city. So there's not much happening. So you're focused. So I was it was good. I was focused like I was getting a
because I had nothing else to do but study. So the destructions are very, very limited. And like here, here there's a texas, there's a lot of things to do. You can never run out of things to do.
So, yeah. So if you have a purpose, I mean, I think so is good. But to stay there. No, I didn't like it.
It's
not fun at all. It was not fun at all. Yeah. So if you had to choose a state, which state would you like to leave in?
Back to my bed. That's not bad at all. Uh huh. Whilst I want to ask you about Oh
I am so into it. But yeah, I really do like basketball a lot. And
especially
like this year, like before the whole um pandemic thing, it was so much fun because you didn't know who was gonna win because I was so happy for I mean I was so happy this year. It wasn't just about the Golden State Warriors because
it's always so predictable. You just know it's them. So it was just kind of like anybody's game. So this one was I feel like it was the best season in a long time because it was just like anybody is gay.
I really used to like um okay, I think my favorite used to be Houston the Rockets and then now I'm kind of leaning towards the box.
Yeah. I really like them. And I feel like the Rockets, they always, they kind of like stuck in one place, you just get like maybe to the finals or semi finals, whatever and then that's it. They are not winning at all. So Yeah. And again, because there, so we'll see. I'm waiting for it to start again, for the season to start again.
Yeah.
And I wonder if it's going to be um in a bubble again. I wonder because he wasn't so fun in the bubble. I
just realized that okay, it's so you really need to have people in the stands and all that drama. It's so much fun. Yeah. So I wonder, I wonder how they're gonna work it out, but I'm sure they won't be in the bubble is just too expensive to do it that way.
I'm sure they'll figure it out. Hopefully things will get better soon I hope and we can get to some normalcy of life, you know.
Okay. So what do you think about the whole vaccine things? I know some people don't like it. Some people don't support vaccines were like oh they they get you sick and all that stuff.
I read about that.
Yeah. I've always I've always had vaccines. I don't see what's the big deal like I I don't understand why people are making such a big deal out of it.
It
I guess so. I I guess so because people don't understand the whole thing of injecting that same thing. Like you know how they inject a little bit of that um If it's covid inject a little bit of it in you so that you know what he's going to fight it. So people are like, oh that doesn't make sense, blah blah blah. But I was like, I don't know, I just
feel like we have just become so argumentative.
Crazy.
that
that's true. And then I blame social media to because it's good and bad because everybody has just become an expert. So even I can just wake up and think of something and just posted there and if you if other people don't do their research then I'm already influencing people yet I don't even know what I'm talking about. So it's just made this, it just made people so dumb. It's just crazy. So I blame that too. It's crazy. But uh we just hope things get better.
Mhm. Yeah, and when you guys, when you guys start your finals
and okay.
No I didn't have to thank God.
Uh
What?
yes.
and
that's awesome. That's awesome. Yeah. Well I only did uh that stuff like muscles and all in anatomy and
he was
I hated into it was just so overwhelming like and then we had to also dissect like a cat a live cat. I mean
I'm sorry sorry sorry.
it was for me I didn't like it. First of all I'm not a cat person. I mean I don't think I've even have did I even I've never had to seen anything, well maybe just a chicken or something like that but a long time ago it was just like a new experience.
Oh no I hated it Like it was just her P. And girls and uh I don't want to go back there. Yeah I did not want to go back there. But let me check the time. I think we are. Let me see. Yeah we did it. We made our 25 minutes. Thank you so much. It was nice chatting with you and all the best with your studies.
Thank you so much. All right then. Have a good day.