Hello. Okay. Hear me?
Yes, I can.
I'm good. I'm good. How are you?
What's your name?
Room B.
My name is john
nice to meet you.
Okay. Um No, I'm a student right now. I'm at a university, so
I'm studying biology. Mhm.
Um It's going pretty well. I mean like all my classes are online, so like it's kind of hard to focus, but I'm doing the best I can.
for sure. For sure.
So like I was thinking about pre med but
I don't think medical school is like good for me because I feel like it might take too long.
So like,
yeah, for sure. For sure. But then I was like thinking about like maybe dental school instead because it
also
pays in the end as well and it's shorter so
Thank
you. Thank you. Yeah, but like organic chemistry is kicking my ass so. Mhm.
that's good. That's good.
Which what?
I'm
a sophomore. I'm a sophomore.
Thank you.
What's up?
yeah, yeah, we do. Yeah. Well like it's not enforced or anything, but like, we're pretty much recommended. You're like stay. But like I live kind of close to like where the nightlife is for my university and like it's still kind of packed every night. I don't go, but like there's a lot of people and like recently our universities fight like, Like 2-2 times the cases of COVID, so it's like really, really bad. But yeah.
I say off campus.
It's just like, yeah, I mean like this time is like kind of hard for everyone, so it's kind of hard to complain about like my current situation because I know everyone else is like similarly um troubled. So
I'm in texas. What about you?
What do you live? What sitting
Alan Burton? Is that like around Dallas?
Yeah,
I'm
Yeah,
I got A and M Yes, so like, I think we're like around four hours away from you, so
I agree. I did it one time before as well. I talked to some like lady in California. Yeah,
a lot of time was talking about politics as well and it was like kind of interesting I guess.
Although
uh well like I I like to partake and like keeping up with like the current news and everything and like I have my own opinions but like
her opinions were basically an opposite of mine because she was like a Trumper, but I mean like, I don't want to be rude.
Oh, sorry. Yeah, my internet
went out for like two seconds.
So like, how are you feeling about the election? Did you vote?
now it's fair enough,
well like, I'm kind of in the same boat as you because like I didn't vote as well, but
for me it was mainly because we live in texas and like I I would have voted for joe biden if I was able to vote and like I don't feel like texas I could I don't think I can see texas becoming like a democratic
for a while.
Um Well like it's not like I really like biden
as a candidate, it's more or so that like I've seen like the antics that like trump has like risen like over the past four years as like our supposed leader of the country and it feels like it would be like better if we had someone more distinguished and like more like formal china like that has like the power to do stuff in our country and I know that like
um so like there's like the three branches in the government and the Senate's like pretty much controlled by republicans and like Because like the Supreme
Court had like three judges, three judges out of nine that were like appointed by president trump during his four years. I know that like that's also gonna be pretty conservative as well, so it would be good to just have like uh someone trying to like stop them from doing stuff. Yeah.
the policies
I
heard,
I I mean financially I think that like um I believe in like Better health care for all because I know that like healthcare is like a big problem in our country because like I know that like my grandma got sick once and the hospital bill was almost like $60,000 and yeah that would be like a lot lower um and any other country and I know that like uh just
like as a platform, I know that democrats are like more inclined towards like health care for all
and like I know that the economy has been good for the last four years due to trump but like yeah,
I mean there's like some trade offs that you have to make, you know? But
ultimately like I'm just a spectator, I don't think I would, I mean I definitely didn't participate in election for that, so.
Are.
Mhm. My friends and I are thinking about like renting out like maybe like a cabin or something at Oklahoma just to like relax for a couple of days, but like some of my family's in New Mexico right now
and I might go there during winter break, we'll see.
I'm like my parents they like respect the whole covid thing, so like I'm not going into Mexico to like travel or anything, I'm just like they're to just uh
lived out of place with my parents or the break and for Oklahoma we're not going to do anything like rash or anything, we'll probably go to somewhere like more secluded.
What do you think?
Did you?
Yeah, I think America as a whole just decided that like they wanted to um not like uh stay home anymore because like did you read that like for texas like we had like approached a million covid cases now? Yeah, I think so and I think we're like almost or like we have already surpassed California or matched it at least. So it's kind of crazy, it's kind of crazy but I can kind of see like why that number is so high because I know that every weekend people are partying like right down there. And I had like a Covid test recently and came back negative. So that's good.
That's like the one I think you're thinking about. The one that like, where they reach up all over your nose. Yeah. Yeah. The one that I had there like, Way more gentle about it. Like all you have to do is that you take like a kind of swab thingy and you just like put in your mouth for 20 seconds and that's all
not close. Like, I've had friends of friends that like, I don't have Covid because like, they were still working at like boba shops and stuff like that. So
well, like all of them have like pretty mild symptoms. But like. Yeah, but the scary thing that I've been reading about is that like, people don't really know the long term effects of covid 19 yet. Because like I heard that there is some like um permanent scarring like in your lungs and like your lung capacity may like never recover back to like the way it was. And I know that like one of the friends of friends like he didn't have that bad of a fever or anything, but like he couldn't taste or smell for like a couple of months after.
What
are
probably not thanksgiving because
my university, they really hate gaming out like holidays. So like
we have
we have we have school on like monday and Tuesday of that week and then we have thursday, I mean Wednesday thursday, friday off for thanksgiving. So my schedule is that like I have class on Tuesday and then break for like five days and I have like a test or final on monday. So like I don't think Going to us going back to Austin or going all the way to New Mexico for five days is where?
Yeah. Thank you. Yeah
the weather. Um It's been really nice recently honestly
like I've been walking like around the neighborhood for the past couple of days just to like feel the weather and like maybe like it's something to eat but it's been pretty good. Like it was really cold for like a week, maybe like two or three weeks ago. But other than that it's been good.
Um So like uh path that you kind of have to take. So um I'm planning you kind of have to like shadow a dentist for like 40 hours or at least 40 hours and that you can do that like while you're doing your bachelor degree and then you have to take something called like the then told like access exam. I don't know what it's called but it's called the D. A. T. And and then like you have to apply for a bunch of dental schools and hope that one of them except you. And then you go to dental school for four years and you pay
like An ungodly amount of tuition I think like the average is like 70K. or something a year. And then finally you can open up your own practice or something after those four years. But like
that's shorter. Like that seems long and expensive but like dental schools like four years of that. And then you also have to do like 3-7 years of like residency where you don't get paid as much
and
so like it's also four years of school right like of graduate school after bachelor degree. But then after that you need to be like a resident where like you're basically like uh like an intern that gets paid a lot less than the actual doctor. And like you have to like be in that position for 3-7 years and then you can call yourself like a fully fledged doctor and then start making the big money.
What?
Maybe I don't know. But there's like another thing you can do which is called physician's assistant, where like you basically
just like you don't have to become a resident. And like you get paid like a significant amount of less amount of money, but it's still like a really good amount of money, but like you don't have to do as much, but like you're still like quote unquote a doctor so.
Well to be honest, like I was never much of a science person in high school but but but but like I chose Biology for college because I wasn't really sure if I was going to go into business, I definitely didn't want to do engineering because I'm really bad at coding, but like I was like okay biology, like we'll just run with it and see how it is and like I started really enjoying like the material so I think
I might actually enjoy like this line of work.
did
you?
that is a lot of hours.
Where'd you go to school?
Did you like Arkansas? Ha ha ha,
I
true, true. Yeah,
this is fair enough,
fair enough.
Well like I can't really say because I was born in New Mexico but I like moved to Austin when I was like two years old. So I don't remember anything about new Mexico. And I've stayed in texas for my whole life. So like I can't really like judge like the other states. But I mean like I don't mind texas. I think texas is like pretty good. But like I lived in Austin so I feel like Austin is not really representative like of what the texas state is. So
Well like you said you were like watching the NBA finals right? Are you like enter the NBA?
Who is
your name?
For
Do you have a team that you're really into?
Oh you like Johannes? Huh?
The good news is that like the off season is like really short this time since like the NBA finals was really recent and they're going to start in like december. Right? So yeah,
that's good.
Oh you don't like it?
Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Mhm for sure. I think they have like a vaccine right now that's like 90% success people. So hopefully like we can have it out like that like the span of a couple of months because I'm honestly really sick of trying to quarantine while everyone else around me is like partying. I'd rather just like take a vaccine so I can just go out normally.
Well I mean I feel like there's just like a lot of misinformation like running around like I know like one study that people got really really nervous about was like they said that like vaccine may cause like autism and your Children or something. And then that
yeah. And then that doctor was like literally I think he got stripped of his medical license after that study because like it was reported to be like super false and like he tried to like falsified the findings and everything. But yeah it's pretty tough and I hope that like America as a whole can like Vaccinates themselves from COVID-19 so we can get back on track. But it's a hope. What do you think?
But like
the thing is that like we're like stem majors right? So like we understand that like it's completely
they didn't
right. It's
that like, yeah media has been like, it's really hard to find like a completely objective media like everyone like even CNN like it's super like uh left side bias and then Fox news obviously is completely like conservatively like biased. So it's really
hard to find like reliable sources of like any information at all.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Uh my first finals like december 1st for biology,
I'm taking molecular cell biology right now. Have you taken that?
Uh huh We're talking about like some type of like muscles right now, so it's like kind of confusing like the most recent test it was over. Let me think, I honestly forgot the material, but it was oh it was just DNA replication and like protein synthesis. So like the central dogma stuff, right? And like I don't know why, but like A. And M. Made so that like my course specifically had like one professor teaching the first half of the semester and the different professor switches in for the second half. Yeah,
so the link, so then that exam was the first exam of the new professor, and like We went from 20 questions for like 44 with
the same amount of time, and a lot of people were really mad about it. And like I honestly was chilling because like I got like a 93.5 uh
from the beginning. And then because like everyone complains so much to like the advisers and like to the teacher directly, uh he got really fed up with all the complaints and he's like, you know what, We'll just add 20 points to everyone's score. So like I did pretty bad on exam to, but because
I was exam three, I got like 113.5 and like I'm at like a 96 now for that class. So
I hate
Anatomy
path.
I took anatomy in high school as well and we did the dissecting a cat. So like it's not. Yeah.
Uh huh. Mhm. I mean I I hated the class and like memorizing all the muscles and stuff, but like, I was okay. I might be like a little bit of psychopath, but I was like okay with like the whole cat dissection thing. I was like pretty interesting. Yeah.
Thank you. Thank you. And I hope that you do well in your Master's degree like one year later.
All right, have a good one.