Uh huh. Yeah. Peter
good. How are you?
So it's
one
I'm calling from new york city.
How
are
you?
and
nice. I'm actually originally from there so I miss I miss the bay Area, but I feel like new york is home for me though. How is
everything going on in California though? Like with the whole like stay at home orders with Mayor or Governor Newsom, like I am so like out of the loop with California.
That's something Yeah. Then right that it's only an hour away. So how about like bars and everything?
Are they open?
I
must
admit that I'm assuming that there's like so many more cases out there, but we just don't know about it because people just stay at home and not
telling me
it's
Exactly, right. It's like it's all based on hospitalizations, but I don't know, it's just this year has been so crazy. Like I I don't even know what's going on. I feel like I'm in prison since working from home, it's like what's going on outside and like I'm like trying to like go home and visit my family back in California, but it's like don't come back yet because new york was a hotspot for a while, so we're kind of scared Um so I'm just kind of going to wait it out or I'm thinking about even like going to the bay area and like staying there and quarantine for 14 days and then seeing my family, but well see it's just a light on now.
New york city is actually not that bad. I'm actually kind of glad that we were hit hard first because like everyone took it seriously afterwards after
all the cases
going up and um you know, I think we're entering face for like barbershops are open, um I think we have outdoor dining and like, I don't know about bars, I haven't I haven't really gone anywhere, but like I think things are slowly opening up, people are still scared about taking the subway. Um So I guess we'll see in time, like I'm I worked for in the healthcare industry, so I'm hearing a lot that we might have another surge in the fall and I'm hoping that doesn't happen just because I'm so exhausted with everything going on. Um But yeah, I mean things are things are going okay, I mean with all the protests that were happening when may early june, I feel like it started slowly to quiet down um and you know, I go running around the park and I see a lot of people out there which is not good um but I feel like the majority of people are wearing masks and are adhering to social distancing requirements, so that's a good sign. Um But still I feel like it's it's kind of too good to be true right now. So I'm kind of waiting for something to happen. Like I hate to sound pessimistic, but I feel like it might get to that point, but I guess we'll see. Yeah.
Because
absolutely
excuse the surveys.
Even
if they
have
that's true. It's kind of like
we have
to
see how effective the vaccine is for other people before we try it on ourselves. Because we just don't know like considering that everything is being fast
tracked, like pharmaceutical companies are like doing everything in their power to get it out there. It's like we just don't know how harmful it's going to be. Um Some little
concerned about that. Um I don't know like
there's all this discussion about her community and you know eventually eliminating our ourselves with our natural defenses. But I feel like it's gonna It's going to slowly get better like towards like the end of 2021 which is like a very long time from now.
And
I
hope I hope that's the case. I mean you always hear about those karens like on social media and the news, I could just refuse to wear a mask and go, you know, follow the
rules. But you know, I
think you're right. I think the majority people are you know, adhering to social distance guidelines wearing mass. And like I'm really hoping that the testing does get better because I'm hearing that I'm hearing that people who test the pcr testing that tests for antibodies like it showed before and now they have no longer have it when they test again. So it's like how accurate is this testing? So like, you know, it kind of makes me think like should should we use a lot of our country's resources like to kind of open up testing or like what other ways can we do to help resolve this? But it's gonna be an ongoing issue for quite some time though.
that's true
against
that's
what
but I mean but you can also say that you wouldn't know if the patient has covid. So
the patient is your friend of clinician,
she's a nurse. Okay. I can't imagine like people who actually work in the front line, it's how stressful it is or it was before. Like I have friends who are physicians who are just like uh whatever. Like I'm so over it, you know like I'm I'm if I get it, I get it and you know, I think that's kind of a scary thing to hear, but the same time, it's a little refreshing because if you don't have any known compromised immune systems, you know, you kind of just Phil or Philip k or feel confident that you're not going to get it, but you just, you just never know right, like there are like people who are young and healthy, like us who end up catching covid and end up getting really sick. Um but you know, I think for the majority of cases like it's fine, but I don't know, what do you think about kids going back to school?
Right, It's just
funny like how political this is like how half of America wants kids to go back to school and the other half is like, no way I'm not having my kids go back to school and going back to your point. Like all it takes is one kid to get sick in the whole classroom having to get quarantined and like what's going to happen after that, you know, everyone's going to get sick. Um I don't know, like I, I think it's a kind of a good idea to have, I don't know, kids go back to school, but like they have to figure out a way to do it the right way. And of course there are people out there who know this. But I can imagine like parents being stuck with their kids. Like since the start of Covid, it's like, it's making them go crazy, especially now that a lot of people are working from home. It's like, I don't know how they deal with it, especially having kids, like I'm lucky I don't have any kids right now, so I have to deal with any of that. But do you work from home right now?
Paper
But
that's so
nice. Like you have like the best of both worlds like you
can part
of this.
What?
Do you have to drive in san Francisco or do you take public transportation?
Okay. But you have to, you go into the city right,
Uh huh. I miss driving like ever since I moved to new york city, it's like I got used to the idea of like public transportation for everything. But now with Covid it's like I don't really want to go on the subway. Like I was talking to my boss and like, you know what, I really want to go back to the office next week and she's like, it's totally up to you. I'm like, uh you know, I'll think about it. Um But you know, I need to kind of just bite the bullet and just go because I feel like, you know, I need to get away from my apartment. I feel like I need to be a little more productive, like not saying that I'm not productive at home, but I feel like it would just bring a little different dynamic and being an obvious little more so I don't know, I'm kind of excited to go back.
It
separates.
It's
like
a it's like a work life balance. I feel like when you work from home it's like there's no balance anymore. Like I I feel like I'm just always working from like a. M. July 10 PM. Like why do I keep checking? My work emails? And my bosses are like they're thinking it's okay now because
they're sending me emails like at nine p.m. I'm like responding to them like at midnight. I'm like okay. I mean that's not a good thing, I shouldn't support that. But I'm like trying to make more of a conscious effort to like email them like at 8:00 AM and not respond to them like after a certain time. but I'm gonna get fired after that if I do that so I don't want to do it. Um Did you hear about the whole biden selecting?
What do you think about that?
There was joke saying that like because she's such a good and charismatic speaker that he's just going to put her and like all of the campaigns like just talking to everybody while he just sits back and they're like his campaign team will pull him when he's needed. But I've been making jokes too. I'm like, oh, you know, like how exciting for President Harris, Is
it like biting like 100 and two years old? Like what's going
on?
Thank you. Yeah,
people
get
Yeah, that's,
I mean one of them doesn't act like it, but uh there's also another like meme with like Kamala Harris, you watch the Hunger games. Right?
Well
moore's character, um I forgot what's her name, She's like the leader of the revolution. They're comparing that to concerns of Kamala Harris becoming that because she's ambitious and power hungry. I'm actually interested to see like how the debates are going to go and like if they actually do get elected, like what's going to happen with the country? I
mean,
no, no, go ahead.
My
Yeah. Or like just a dump, all dump everything now in 2020 and just say like who can survive this? I don't know. It's just it's insane how how are you like are you like seeing any of your friends like during this time?
Yeah. Well that's really nice of you to go ahead and help your friend, especially during the pandemic. Like I'm like trying to see my friends and like they're like scared. They're like, I don't know, I'm like just come out like well I go to the park or something and like you know, I have some wine and whatever like social distance and they're like well you know can we quarantine for 14 days? I'm like guys let's just go, let's do it, let's meet up. But like I I feel like you need a human connection. I mean for you, I don't think it's too much of a problem because you live at home. So you you see a lot of people for like me. It's kind of like I live like by myself like um hi mom to resume or facetime. Um but I feel like I need to be a little more connected with everybody. It's kind of hard right now.
What
about
as long as there's like a mutual agreement, you know like maybe like we can like create like a consent form for people like if something happens not my fault like I you know you I warned you are the movie theaters open in the Bay Area.
no
wonder.
Madison.
that's so funny. I was actually um in another city New Orleans earlier this year um like right when the pandemic happened and I remember there being nobody at the movie theaters. And it was so nice like my friend and I were just hanging out like we were like moving around seats. Um I don't know, it's just like a dead zone. Like even like when I like I look out the window there's like no one except I mean unless you go to the park or something like the streets like you don't really see anybody anymore. Like I've been seeing like videos like people like in Times Square and it's pretty much a dead zone two and which is crazy because I'm so used to saying it's so packed like all the time. I don't have any relevance in york.
And
I don't
think
you're thinking.
It's a little more dead. Like I'm hearing from my friends at the subways are pretty dead, so that's one of the reasons why I'm more likely to go to the office because if it's not gonna be a lot of people like why not take advantage of it And like
apparently they're cleaning the subways like thoroughly like every couple of hours or so. So I mean it's nice for a change like because I'm so used to being in a dirty subway
with like dirt and like garbage all over the seats. So like this is a nice thing. I mean again like I just need to put myself out there and just bite the bullet and use the subway. Like I even need a haircut too. So I'm like thinking about going like probably next week or something, just going to venture out.
everybody.
What?
No.
Hm.
So funny. Are you like you said you're driving an hour out to get your hair cut
one
thing working
out.
I would think it's like great in California because like a lot of my friends are like in the west coast like L. A. Bay area, like they're like posting pictures like in nature, just like relaxing like in the poll. Considering that there's so much space. It's like, I don't know. I don't know if you're taking advantage of it, like going to the mountains.
What's
better?
I'm like so jealous of you. Like you guys have like so much space over there in California were like here in new york were just like confined like on top of each other. I don't know. It's just it's funny.
It's like different, like it's not different states, like different countries with the country, right? I don't know. Like different cultures, different likes, different people, different religions. Languages. I mean, I feel like you can't really get that anywhere else in the world, but at the same time, like having all that, I feel like when you have someone in power who is using all that to divide people or have people go against each other, it's it's a scary thing. But I try to appreciate, you know, all the diversity that we have. I I just wish that most more people would appreciate that. Yeah.
That's
terrible.
Have
you traveled since the pandemic
dr
It's very nice. I have a friend who was like constantly traveling, like she was in Antigua like two weeks ago. She's been going to like north Carolina. It's like, I don't like I I called her out on it. I'm like, don't you feel like that might be a little irresponsible and she's like I don't care, I'm going crazy and do this anymore and I'm like okay I totally understand like she got and she gets tested every time she like before she travels, when she comes back, she quarantines. Um But I feel like a lot of people like are starting to travel more um which I don't know can be a good or bad thing, but like I'm actually considering like traveling at least not outside the country because I think like a lot of countries they're blocking us off, but like just to like places that have a lot more space like Vermont or like even like michigan where you
can just
kind of relax. Um
I don't know, I'm still deciding and flights are so cheap now, so wow. Yeah.
Right. Um I think we had our 25 minute mark.
Uh huh. Well it was nice meeting you and be
safe
out
there.
Have a good