Hey, how's it going?
I'm doing pretty good. So
where
you calling from?
Oh wow, I'm
all the
way
across the country. I'm in California near
san Francisco.
that's
it's very interesting. It differs greatly depending which county you're in. So my county were on a special list from governor Nuisance list, so we're probably one of the most restricted. So like they had opened up gyms and hair salons and barbershops, but that's all closed now. But there's other parts of the county where the virus has slowed down and they've been able to reopen without it spiking. So like if I wanted to get a haircut, if I drove like an hour I could get one in a different county. But
those
restaurants, they just cook bars haven't been opened in my county. Some places they have been, but as far as restaurants you used to be able to eat outside, like at the restaurant had outdoor seating, they just in my county close that down. But it will be I assume opening again soon just because my county has had spiking cases, but other places have been defined right overall. None of I have a bunch of friends in hot couple couple friends work in hospitals and none of them have really said that they've been hit that hard yet. It's just a lot of cases and a lot of people are able to self quarantine. But yeah,
we're
fortunate.
definitely.
And
I mean if you don't get tested, who knows?
How ah how is the new york city right now?
Us. That's
pass.
Well, see, I know, I mean, I heard in the news that I guess the Russian government claims to have a vaccine for coronavirus. And like I don't know if I would take it right now if I trust that vaccine. But I mean I guess if it does
work that eventually
the that we'll get something similar like that here eventually if hoping fully if that's the vaccine works will have
one. So maybe this pandemic, we'll be over one of these days. But even
if they had
won
like tomorrow, it still takes forever to get everyone vaccinated but
all
of
them.
Well.
Well
and.
I also I feel like people are more aware of it sort of slow spread slower and more people had it. So I guess there's sure people for it to really like spread to or as like I feel like when it first started people didn't really under realize that you can be a sense of attic for so long. So it's like it just people felt fine and it spread super quick. Was I hoping now with everyone it seems at least where I am. Most people wearing masks and social distancing. I mean there's some exceptions but for the most part whenever going grocery stores everyone has a mask on. So it's distancing. So it seems like hopefully it'll slow down because people are using more like more aware of what's happening right?
You
never know.
Well
well.
Oh definitely. I know um as I mentioned I gotta call friends work in hospitals and I asked them like like how is it working with covid patients or not? And they one of my friends something interesting. He said he actually prefers working with covid patients then with not covid patients because if you know they have it you don't then you know and they give you special gear so that they don't have an N 95 they have the full headgear or whatever that has like an air unit in it, so doesn't fog up, so you don't have to worry about touching your face or whatever because you're covered and that way, you know, and his thing is his fear is if he like has it on him and doesn't know and somehow spreads it to a patient that doesn't have covid already. What?
So that's
Yeah, but I
just think it's
interesting. He said he preferred working with covid patients because it's easier to he knows, but kind of interesting.
that's true,
He's a nurse.
I have no idea because I've kind of I feel like both kind of arguments make a lot of good points because I feel like if you send kids back to school it's going to spread more because I just think kids are not going to social distance and there, you know, I mean, I don't know, and you have it's everything so regimented, I don't know how you would do it. You maybe you don't have every kid go every day, you have like you sweat it up, so you have different chunks of kids at different times that might work. But on the other hand, it's you sort of otherwise parents got to stay home with the kids and like I can't, I imagine a lot of nurses and doctors that have kids that have to stay home with them if they're staying home or like truck drivers or other essential jobs, I'm sure they have to deal with that, but like, I'm just glad that I don't have to come up with a solution for that. There's people smarter than me figuring this out.
Hopefully.
Uh I actually unfortunately I
worked with um I
have an office job, I work with my family unfortunately, we're the only ones who were ever in the office anyway and where I am office buildings are open as long as you wear masks outside and since we live together in the same house anyway, I live with my parents so we don't have we don't have to worry about spreading at work because we're already here and we don't let clients in. So I'm working from a little bit but also going in the office still get like mail and stuff but the employees and I'm not related to they're all working from home
but.
like
I looked
there like I can leave my
house and I have to worry
I drive, I live in um I live in account I live right outside san Francisco like in the suburbs right outside, so not in the main city, like across the Golden gate, so
yeah, and it's a not too long, but it's not about traffic now.
I always, I always feel like when I'm at home I see everything like I have to do, it's like I see like well I see like all this like oh I gotta clean that or I got to organize these or whatever where I'm at work, I'm when I'm at the office, I'm at the office, it's kind of a more in the zone to work, but um less distracted, but yeah,
I know a
lot of it, yeah, it definitely seems like a big adjustment for everyone work in
her
home.
Having
Oh Kamala Harris, Yeah,
I thought, I mean that's who I would have guessed because he said um because I know he said he was going to pick a woman and I'm like okay that narrows it down like half the population. And then I'm like probably I would imagine Kamala Harris because I would soon not only would you want a woman VP he probably want a black woman VP. And she was, she did okay when she was running for president two in the polls in the primaries. So I think it's kind of what I expected in the pic.
yeah, I've had like those jokes.
My honest,
I always see these like jokes online with
lot of people because
there's a lot of people think
that you might have dementia and you see like a Youtube clips of these weird things he's saying and it's like, so the joke is this is the biggest vice president pick ever because she's going to be the president, right? Because there because I mean him and trump are probably would have been like two of the oldest presidents like ever.
So
Yeah. I've
only read the books. I haven't seen the movie. Yeah. Mhm.
Also
you could not say go ahead.
I was gonna say like this is also I feel like you could not have picked up like a more like um difficult time to have a pandemic then during the middle of like election season when it's like okay, so there's this huge pandemic everyone's dealing with and there's an election, we got to figure out like mail in votes work or do we still go in um and then everyone's politicizing everything because people try to get re elected. People trying to get elected. It's like, it's like
stars aligned to just make us like ridiculous.
just like over zoom. A couple of a friend of mine moves in nearby he was moving and he asked me, my friends to come help moves. We all got masks and hand sanitizer and stuff and we all moved him and we moved out of his old place into his new apartments. So that was, that was the only time in person with like my friends with us moving him out and we all had masks. We tried to social distance so we could, he didn't have like any furniture that's like heavy, it could come apart so we didn't need to like be next to each other, lifting it so it was as good as we could do. But that was the most fun I've ever had moving because I could see people in person. Well other than that moving the rest of it has just been on zoom. I see them pretty much.
Yeah, I thought about doing that. Like maybe getting my friends together and like going To like some kind of open space. We can be like 6ft apart and hang out. Just talk or something. But it hasn't really worked out yet. But one of these days, hopefully I do. I have I have a one friend that I know got Covid and he recovered from it. He's no longer contagious. Okay. And he had it for sure cause you got tested and he there over it and he said he's no longer, the doctor said he's not contagious anymore. And I'm like, I kind of like, would you want to hang out because I'm not worried about you giving it to me
and I'm
not worried about giving it to you. All right, we'll see.
nope. Yeah.
Everything
there's there completely closed. I know um like all the malls are dead because even the malls of opens because the stores
in the night you can shop in but there's no one in there because like my mom has gone to some just get out of the house and she's like, it's safe because there's no one here. It's like very few people in every store. So the movie theaters, even if they were open, they would be like no one in them, but they're all closed here. Um Yeah.
Yeah, I visited last june I was there for little over a week, about a week and a half And
I was in
New York
City
for probably like remember three or 4 days of that? And then I was in Manhattan, I was in um some suburbs outside, but I did like it's a definitely different dynamic than san Francisco because like you have, I mean, I guess we have part in san Francisco, but I on the public transportation, the subway in new york seems so convenient because there's always a subway station, you don't really need a car anywhere in the city. And it, but the one thing that seemed really apparent was every there's always like I get the appeal of the city is at the nightlife because there's always people around at night, there's always some cars, there's always stuff happening, it's always stuff, but I guess like you mentioned, so I know you said it's it's a little bit more dead.
That's true.
Institution.
I managed to get a haircut the day before they closed here actually.
Both times when they first closed in, like March, I got a haircut in the last year, they were
opened and when they reopened in june, when they re closed in june, they opened for a couple of weeks, the last day of the reopening before
they close, they got another haircut and I talked to them like, so how, how busy has it been when you reopen? And they said the first day they were super busy and then after that it was really slow because a lot of people don't want to get haircuts, so
they're like, it's been a lot safer than they thought because they only have one or two people in any way. So it's really easy to social distance and sanitize everything so they haven't really need to worry. So it seems like it's that part is a lot safer than at least I thought initially because fewer people doing it but
If I wanted to now if now
they're
closed
like I could drive 30 minutes or 40 minutes out to different different county and they're open. But in my county yeah, it's closed.
a little bit. I've had friends go hiking, I've been starting to run and that's a new hobby. I picked up my great times, I started running and stuff so I've been running like open space and parks and um there's a track at near a high school where I am and everything is empty so I've been kind of running out around the neighborhood and stuff but and stuff like
that
in some open space but haven't I probably won't utilized as much as I probably um I should have.
Yeah I can imagine it is strange how it's the same country but you know it's just it's life is so different everywhere you go, like I've been like in California in the bay area, there's like mountains and hills and everywhere I took uh always a couple years ago I was in texas for a week and it was like just I was in Fort Worth Dallas and just everything's flat everywhere, like there's no topography, just such as these two different worlds.
it sort of makes it makes it interesting, it definitely makes country interesting but it's double edged shorts that can be, people can use it uh against us as
it
seems
but
not since it started just um Like actually um in a week on 18 August my family we're going on a vacation but like we're driving
two, it's a place called Arnold. It's um it's like a couple hours east of san Francisco, it's like six hours east. Um where there's like cabins and stuff where there's like there's some like lakes and some cabins, it's kind of low key spot. We go there, we can rent a cabin, we can stay there, we won't see anyone, just a very rural area and there's like a lake that we can swim in a very few people around so we don't have to worry about. So that's the only trip that we've planned or done since Covid. It should be fun.
That
sounds
No.
that's true and there's never been a lower demand to fly right now. So you brought shop around, get some good deals?
Yeah I think so. 3 26 right now so
was talking
to
you,
you too have
day.