Yeah. Mhm. What wow. Okay. Yeah. Look. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Welcome. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm mm. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Girls here? Yeah.
Hello I'm best
what's the name?
Hey um I'm glad you got on um my husband the other day and nobody got on I'm sad for him.
Well now
did you get any did you do one that was like successful before?
I
didn't hear
the
last
round.
I did it I did it twice the last round. Um And then I signed up for more and that was all that I guess lined up got matched with or whatever. Yeah well cool where do you live?
Okay I'm in Georgia so that's pretty relatable. That's cool. Do I hear a little one in the background?
Okay. I've got three girls. And my youngest is um she'll
be two in december but she's
also one.
Uh well she's the 20th and then my oldest child is the 27th of december, so we have two birthdays and christmas in the span of a week.
Oh yeah, it's terrible. Yeah,
yeah, like zero scars do not recommend. Hey, what's
your name?
Stranger
on the screen. Is she your only child? Yeah.
First child. Right, cool.
Yeah, me
so Mississippi. Okay, I've been to Mississippi once we went to actually, we normally go to the beach in florida in october and I guess two years ago we were there and hurricane Michael happened and so like we spent like, I think one or two nights there and then had it just like chip. So rather than just turn around and come home, we went to Mississippi and tried to just like salvage our break and we went to um laurel Mississippi. Mhm
respectable.
yeah, I've never been to the beach in Mississippi
well
What
did you do at Disney
look?
okay. What parts were you in?
Okay. That's cool.
I love listening. Um We went
Well
yeah we went um mm a little over a year and a half ago I'd like to go again but I don't know if I want to go to bed.
Yeah we like to go like when we've been we've been in either january or february each time so it's not so hot because
Yeah
I would love to go again. Last time we went my baby was two months old which is a challenge. But yeah I'd like to go back because she would really enjoy it now.
I'm sure
that was
well.
Yeah
that's cool. Are you originally from Mississippi?
Okay. I didn't think you sounded Mississippi
but
I'm going to be born and raised.
first time
we
I definitely call
it a bag mm
That's
funny
yeah my husband's we're both from Georgia but he doesn't I don't think sound as southern as I know that I do so I don't
know I don't know.
Burning.
just wound up there.
go with the money as right wow how do you like Mississippi?
I have
what about I hate humidity and I've been here my whole life but you know I wouldn't
I don't
believe.
Gotcha you ever been to Georgia?
Yeah it's not that close
wow. Uh huh My husband's got some family in the Huntsville area. His grandfather and aunt. His grandfather it's gone now but he used to work for Nasa and his aunt currently works for Nasa. So we've got a little bit of a connection to that area. Sure.
I've
been there.
Yeah, it's a long time.
It's never
fun.
Let's put it out
there.
You just get what you get.
it's been a long time since I've been there probably uh 15 or more
years.
But it was a good time. I would I would enjoy going back there. True.
What about, Yeah. Cool. So what do you do?
Let's go. I don't have any sort of homemaker type skills like sewing. Got me nothing.
that's a
good skill to have
people.
Yeah. It's like going to a bookstore, you just want to buy everything and like, will
you ever actually read it
brian?
I get it. Cool.
Um How long have you been doing? Prolific.
that's
right. But also
I'm me
too.
Yeah, I like it. I'm kind of like a little about it now. Like I like constantly check my phone to see if anything's come up.
You have new studies on brand like
christmas?
I think they just get
gone
such as sometimes. Yeah.
I think sometimes they have like maybe a few people like claim it and then
never
mind and then they just got a few more to put back out there and they're trying to fill it so they put it out to a bunch of people.
And I'm like no I am not doing, I reported it to prolific. I don't know
if they can,
that
was like super
sporty.
Wasn't
it kind of like we're gonna monitor your facebook for a month
anyway. It
was
definitely
not
seems
like a lot
of like even
if I was cool with doing it, it just seemed like a lot of instructions for the amount of like it was too much hassle.
I don't know. It's just
pages
of like screenshots
and instructions and
Thank you.
Real
sexy.
Yeah, that was red flags for sure.
Yeah,
I
get that one. Out of an interesting
Yeah, definitely been a wild ride.
Yeah. Yeah. I think I finally called it last. I saw Alaska was still,
maybe
the
north Carolina ever finally get called
and I don't know why those two, I mean like they knew what the answer is going to be. So I don't know what the holdup on those was.
California
is the same.
Well I felt like important because I'm in Georgia and we like totally blew everybody's mind over here.
Yeah, it was, I don't know. I didn't, I didn't think it would happen, but it happened.
knows? And I tried to go to the gym in the evenings but like last week was kind of a wash because I just like it's good keeping up with what was going on.
It's been a been a crazy one and now we've got these two run offs over here and that like determines the whole senate which and it's going to be so were still important every year into little storehouse. Yeah.
You
know, so
What's your baby doing?
Yeah, that's a popular activity. Not as well.
So how's motherhood?
Yeah. A lot of weird things to experience first time or you know, we can't
Yeah. I'm sure I was very isolating. Yeah. I started working from home and have continued working from home this whole time and I'm really not cut out for it like it's just not especially with I mean my baby wasn't daycare but now that I'm at home, she's at home, that's a word
juggling game.
That's
burning
thing, lack of noises like what are you doing?
rental theme
the best I can do.
Sweet girls are fun. Mhm. That's all I know I've got three girls
so my husband so like his dad was one of eight kids like this huge 20 and you know four of them were boy
that's four sons to carry on the last name. But out of that whole family there's only two grandsons. So there's my my husband and his one cousin and so like in the last hour life room is kind of a mutable. So to carry on the last name, it was down to just the two of them and he's produced three girls. So are it's about to like just die because we've got more girls. And his cousin is I don't know it doesn't have any kids and I don't know what he's doing. But
so what you signed up to do this again? It's easy money.
Yeah. It's interesting. Um Yeah, like I said I got to before and both of the people showed up and my husband got one before and one this time and both times the person didn't show up,
so let's
just have better luck than he does.
Yeah. Well maybe you'll get some more after this one. Yeah because I think they changed it and you can do up to seven now instead of just six. So I like I just keep doing them many times. I want to send them to me. Um Yeah.
if you
do a lot. Yeah, I've had stuff like that too.
Have some fun like game kind of things a time or two.
Yeah. I think of it the same one like was
one where you had to
Was
it the one
where like there are several different activities and trying to remember how they worked like.
I did
that one. Yeah, but my mom just worked like everybody stayed and we worked
well together. It just went well.
Technical.
That was the most fun that they're part
of it.
I'm sure
it was without having all the people to Yeah.
You know,
I guess
I am
and that
I mean.
Yeah. Yeah, that was really fun.
well you know. Generally pay all right and it adds up really quickly. No,
I don't. I guess maybe the company is
that's
all I that's what I assume.
I know. I keep a tab open with like a like the
flower carpet. Yeah. Oh my God. Is this how much am I
generally just kind of add a few dollars in my mind and call it that?
Well, I think my girls just got home from this little mini cheerleading thing they're doing this week. So let's say about them.
Yeah, I think so.
I think we're good
for cushion. Yeah.
Well it's good to meet you
alright. I'll take care and by Amelia, where was she went,
straw and just pulling everything out. Right.
Well um it's gonna be you and take care.
All right. Thanks.