come on, mhm
it's,
I'm married.
Oh my gosh, I did it like in the last round trying to do it on my phone because I didn't, I wasn't with my computer and it's like the person showed up for just a few split seconds then like disappeared and I just like kept waiting and I'm like, are you going to come back?
Good?
No, because I
tried
to
be
like,
like I tried to have him be like, hey, give me a new partner person and they just like never got back to me and I was like, okay, whatever.
I'm in Mississippi.
yeah, just over one year old, so
All
what,
what day in december?
Yeah, my mother in law's the ninth. I'm the 30th. My husband is the 26.
Yeah, we're like no december kids.
Did
you? This is Amelia, she's like, there's no idea what's going on
school.
currently at least,
Yeah,
yeah,
I'm up in like the Jackson area, so kind of
central. I actually haven't been to the ocean like beaches in Mississippi. But
yeah, I'm like, so I have no idea how that is. I know a lot of people go
down to like block C though. Um, you know, like most, like my husband, I both did a Disney college program a couple of years ago in florida. So
without,
uh, I worked in merchandise. My husband originally started off in attractions but then broke
his ankle at one of their little like party things. They throw for the college program people and so he got moved too quick service food.
We were both in Hollywood studios.
So
I worked like the half of the park that was muppets and um Star Wars and indiana jones and frozen. So like we covered half and then it's like the rest of the park is like split up into like two or three other zones. And it's like, how did we end up with half the park is
one? Yeah.
I don't know like, I feel like there's both advantages and disadvantages and some if you go now like time wise, like I don't, I wouldn't want to wear like the masks all the time because like we're done humidity, like even humidity in here, like is not the greatest with masks.
that's like the perfect time to go. Yeah.
So
Oh yeah. Yeah. I'd love to go back. So much fun. Like the best part of it is you get into the parks for free when you work for them to move
like.
Yeah. So it's like I worked
in the early shift today. Well I'm gonna go spend a couple hours after my shift. Like I'll just bring extra clothes so I'm not, you know, the costume they provide a lot.
Yeah,
no, I actually grew up in Northern Idaho.
No,
I'm like,
yeah, like I'm starting to adopt some of, you know, like the, y'all's are definitely mm getting in my vocabulary but like I know I sound like I'm from Canada, like
my husband loves to make fun of me. So like you put your stuff in a bag at the store, you also beg outside of the store for money. I pronounce exactly
the same. Oh
no
I know, but this is like, dude, I'm like, uh no, I'm not doing that, you
just make
fun of me for it.
And
well my husband grew up in California and then his mom and sister moved out here about 66 years
ago so it's been not a bit but like he was a balance the whole time so like he was only like here like part time anyways. Mhm.
Yeah well Raytheon got a good job at Raytheon so. Yeah.
mm I like it. Like I was super worried about humidity before I did like the Disney thing,
it's just like I love humidity like going back and I was like I feel like I'm a friend that's been like not allowed to have water for like a week.
I mean
there's
definitely things that like stuck about it but like it does make it like so much easier to like breathe and I feel like my hair likes it and stuff like just overall like I don't know I don't like the super dry. Yeah. Mhm
I haven't, I've been to like Virginia. Like the southernmost part of Virginia is like the most closest I've gotten.
Yeah. And I'm like, because I've done Virginia and then we've done like, we did Huntsville in Alabama just before, like all the covid stuff hit, which was really cool. And then um, you know, german to florida and been there for a while, but like I'm just kind of missed those couple states right there.
Yeah, we, we went to go do the museum, you know, for Nasa? That was really cool. And then we were like, we're going to go there. We have to go hit unclaimed baggage. Because
like you
thought that
interesting, like
it
wasn't quite what I expected. Like I was almost expecting closer to like one of the like Goodwill's where it's just like the bins and I feel like dig through them. Like I was almost expecting that was just like suitcases I guess. But
it's
totally
Yeah, It's like, because you feel like nicely organized and everything. Yeah.
maybe
even longer.
Yeah. Like I'd go again. It was interesting. I don't know if the price is per se super make it worth it, but like if I was going to be driving in the area, like I'm totally making a stop.
Um so I stayed home with my daughter and I do a lot of selling. I just saw her dresses and I probably saw her way to ready dresses.
Yeah, it's fun now. So
frankly,
yeah, I'm like, there's
two hobbies involved in it. There's the, I need to buy all the fabric hobby and then there's the, let me actually make something with what I'm hobby. Like them two totally different things.
my
Like I can't go into home goods without like checking out like the kids area and look at all like the board books and stuff and be like, it's like I walk out and spent like 40 bucks. I'm like board books and kids books and I'm like, yeah, my wallet didn't really have like some money for that,
but it's happened. Yeah. Mm
I love books. Mm Yeah.
Um just like a couple of months I think was like the beginning of september and september something when I
joined.
Yeah, it wasn't super long but it was just kind of like, I just actually found it on reddit and I was like,
That's
a try. You know? Because like most of the sites like this, it's like you like barely or never get up to like the cash out. I'm out and like a month or two and I'm just like, so like I'll give it a try, I'll see. And then it was just like, oh cool. This one actually like pays out like when worth it.
Yeah. Like like my husband, I uh so he's got the desktop. I'm using my laptop right now because I actually have a web cap. But like, well like me playing his game and I'll just be like new studies on prolific because uh
you
really? Yeah, because I like how to give like the notifications for and I'll be like, okay, cool, let me go check it on my phone. It was like half the time. It's like nothing there. I'm like, okay, apparently there wasn't actually new studies and just lying to me. It was like
two
places
I've had some that are like so little left on it. It's like crazy. So it's like, why did you even send that to me?
Like
you
Yeah. Oh my gosh. Did you get that one that was like, please install our Chrome extension so we can watch,
I
reported it to
because
I was
like, I'm pretty sure that goes against like your terms and conditions. Like you're not supposed to take like personal info.
Which
six ways. Yeah.
I'm
on
six weeks
there. I was kind of like, sure I'll do it. I'm still going to report your study. But like I never use facebook on the computer so I'm like, it doesn't really affect me beyond just the initial because I just use
facebook
friend.
Well,
Yeah, that too. It was like you get like came out to like what like to an hour or something
first.
So sweet.
Why sleep?
Oh my gosh. Like if you're gonna do this at least pay me a decent amount. Like screw that. Yeah. No, because it's like I saw like a couple of people post about it on reddit.
Yeah. I was like, did anybody actually do this? Because it's like, which
is
what I found out about. Like they aren't supposed to take any type of personal information. Like collect it. It was like uh huh. Okay. Like did you know that cool file that away for the need to know.
Yeah. Yeah. I was just like mm Yeah this was a little weird. Mhm.
Well I'm just waiting to like see what I get on that election prediction one that I did like before the election because they had to like predict the way you thought certain states was we're going to
go.
And like you're gonna get bonuses if you like predicted the states like correctly, like the way they did go. And I'm just kind of like, I don't remember what I answered on them but like the selection was so crazy. Like curious to see like how I did on my predictions because
Oh yeah. Well then it's like you have like what Nevada and it was all like come on Nevada, get it together. We need to know like count your votes.
Alaska still hasn't been cold and I'm like, isn't
really gonna go
blue?
I don't know.
Yeah. Right. Well because it's like Mississippi, it's like 1% reporting. It's red and then it's like a lock and it's
50%
reporting and it's like most of it is still going to like, you know, red not blue. And it's like why aren't we calling this one like what's going on with this?
yeah, right. I swear you guys like flipped back and forth a few times and the count and I was just like make up your band, like I just need to know like how this is gonna end. Like I don't care which way you go. Just pick one.
Yeah. Oh my gosh, it was like so crazy there for a while because it was almost like trump's gonna get the popular vote and biden is going to end up winning. And then I ended up that like biden got both popular and the electoral and it was like because that's gonna be crazy because normally it's like republicans win but like the democrats get the popular vote. Like what happened last time? It was like it was going to be crazy if it ended up going the opposite this time because like it never happens, wow.
Yeah. Like it was like first day like you know the night of I was like paying attention like didn't help that my daughter was sick so like I was waking up throughout the night because she was waking up and stuff since like I checked every time and then it's like um you just want to see what I'm doing, don't you? No don't touch the but um but and then it's like the next day and it's like I checked a few times like trying to see if more stuff had been called, like a few things then that it was like after that it was like once a day checks because it's like nothing was happening, like nothing was changing, it was like yeah, just I'll check it occasionally. Mhm
Yeah, because it was like, yeah, I was watching that a little bit too and it was like you guys were like doing run offs but also like leaning red and then it just went like totally great. I was like apparently we're just really going for run offs or something like
I
don't know, stop going on. Yeah.
Really trying to push buttons on my computer right now.
Yeah, I'm like no, do push buttons? I really need like I need the buttons not to be pushed, you know that's gonna be like your favorite thing.
It's good. I mean it's definitely different and like covid kind of sucks with that because it's like I have this play group by attend once a week and like that was canceled for a few months and that just kind of because it was like I literally just like stayed home and I would maybe go to the grocery store. I like that was it us. So like I feel like that was like the sexiest part of it though, right? Just like so isolating.
yeah. Well, because it's kind of like, well I knew like some people here like with like, you know, my church and stuff like that. It's like, you know, having a kid, like not working and not really doing much of anything to go out. Like it's really hard to like meet people like make new friends and stuff. So it's like, have like the one group that I was like, kind of a part of like taken away. Just sucked.
Yeah.
Especially where it's like, I swear kids are just like, oh, your home do stuff with me. Like, yeah, they just want attention. Oh my gosh. So like two days ago. So I have I got one of those like plastic, like baby playpen, like things that like click together and I walked off part of the house so like everything inside of that's like fully baby proofed like I can just let her be in there and it includes her bedroom as well and then it's got part of the living room. So yes, so two days ago she like went into her bedroom and she likes to close the door and then she's like gets upset that the doors closed and she can't get out. But like some like there's there's different levels of upset though. Like she's just like, oh I don't like the fact the doors closed and there's like I need you to come rescue me like right now balls. And it was so funny though because she was like super low level upset about it. And then like we walk in later because it had gone from like we'd occasionally hear noises to know noises and like
my husband
like.
she's got going she got her little fuzzy blanket out of her crib and curled up on the floor, rocked herself up in it and just took a nap. Yeah.
Yeah. It was pretty funny though because like she just like pull the blanket up burritos herself all up in it and then it was like I'm just gonna take it up right in front of my crib because I can't get into it
Ray. Oh my gosh, it was hilarious though. Yeah.
Yeah, we hope to have a boy because my husband is the only boy of the only boy.
whoa.
Uh huh Yeah. That's funny. What are you doing? Oh. Oh yeah, that's
Right. I was I was like, I need to at least get like one of the conversations stuff like it's worth it. It's so worth it.
Thank
you.
Yeah, I had that one before and they like showed up for like just a couple of seconds then disappeared and never came back and then this one, so
like I'll do it. I've got a couple going on right now of like four parts surveys essentially. And they're like, well we'll send you like these four different surveys essentially. All about like the same thing within like two weeks and then we'll pay you at the very end of completing all of them. Like you still get like so much like per and then like you get a bonus beyond
that.
Yeah. I'm like, what?
Oh my gosh, I had one game one where you had to work with a group of people and go through different things that had to do with like if you like going to the moon or something.
my gosh!
Every single time practically we have somebody like leave the game or something. Then we have to like completely restart. Like it was so frustrating and tell
me like
quiet.
Like one was like you all each had to pick like the color of a certain part of like the like vehicle and you all ended up having to pick like the same color before you can move on
that.
What?
Yeah. I don't necessarily think it was like there. Although per se like I kind of have to wonder if some of it was just like technical
issues like kicking them out. Because we also have like when we finally ended up going on, we just had like two people who weren't like responding to like the little messaging and when he had to like click like who had the right item for the step.
That
was fun. It was just like hard if not everybody
likes.
We have stuck on like step two or step through because just whoever had, it wasn't
responding
to anything.
It was
like
whoever has this, like, please talk to us.
Yeah. I think the only like upside to that one was the steps never changed. And like I've had a few of those stuff so I could be kind of like, oh yeah, it's totally like this is the answer. Yeah. Yeah. Some of them are frustrating, some of them are fun like
Yeah. Yeah. The the only thing that's like the hardest thing is it's like, oh you'll get paid blah blah blah. But like that's in like american money and then they pay you like in british pounds and then like, you cash out to paypal and paypal is like, okay, now we have to convert again. And it's just like, why didn't we pick british pounds? It's like what we pay in like,
maybe it's based in
England.
Yeah, I don't know. I was just like, okay, like I don't have a thing against it. It's just on to like know exactly how much I've got because it's
converter.
Yeah. Yeah. It's one of those that I'm just like, I really don't know how much like uh huh.
Well heck. I just think about it in terms of just like, oh yeah, that's actually how much I have and then it's like I have more actually and it's like, cool sweet. Yeah,
I think we probably hit the 25 minutes.
I was like, because I'm saying that it's 4 27 here and I think I logged into the video chat at like 59 or something. No.
Yeah, It was like, we should have a couple extra minutes.
Right. Because they say, you know, give a couple extra minutes for cushion just to make sure. So Yeah.
Yeah. You, too.
She's sitting down on the floor and playing with my purse.
Right. I haven't quite reached that point, but Wilson. Yeah.
Yeah. You too.