mhm Mhm Uh huh
Hi, hang on. Is my sound on? Oh great. Okay. I didn't think it was. Sorry.
Hi, how are you?
I'm
Michelle
Michelle
mission,
you
too. I'm a little bit paranoid that my battery in my computer is gonna die if it does. I really, really apologize. I hope that it won't, it's not like 40% but it's been just draining
so fast lately. Um
and no way of charging it here. I'm really sorry
and hopefully it'll be fine.
Yeah, what were you saying?
I
know
25 minutes.
I'm had kind of an annoying afternoon. How about you?
Uh huh I am.
And
was the training,
was that a train in the background? I just lost.
I want to really love like missile, but now I can't, something just happened. I can only see your, I don't see you anymore.
there you are.
I think I'm also,
I'm really happy you're here. I am. I did several of these like a month ago or something and then in the last week this is like the third one in a row that you're the first person to show up of the last three. So I was getting annoyed
and of course I had no battery issues but those people didn't show up mhm. They're screaming for me and
no, no, go ahead. But again, I keep losing your
picture
and come whatever. Austria will come back um
Oh awesome, Good for you.
Oh my God, hard questions. Uh huh Yeah. Mhm
Oh my gosh, no idea. Um you have
to think about that for a while
Yeah, I hear this crazy more than, I don't know and I don't see you just like there's a woman channel interviewing or something, I don't know and hey there,
very nice at that. Yeah, I can see you again now. Um
there's there's no like noises in the background there. I keep hearing sort of like almost electronic noises or something. Oh my gosh disappearing from your back. Um
um that's advice in also I'm thinking of right now I have no idea if this is the best advice or anything like that, but once I am well this isn't really advised, I don't know for some reason I'm stuck on this time a long time ago, more than 10 years ago and that I got fired from a job and it was the best thing that ever happened to me and I think people told me that that was going to be the
case at the time but I didn't believe them. Um
I don't
know
that's
advice or use for whatever, I can't
see you again. Maybe I can hear you. So why don't you tell me what your best advice is?
Oh you could run the questions that you can answer it.
mm
And
I think I would say be patient
not my forte probably I wouldn't even my younger self wouldn't listen. What about you?
I mean
well that's a good one. Mm
My favorite what memory? Really? Do you have one? You wanna go first?
Well
Home?
that's
your favorite memory.
that is really funny because I swear to God when I was thinking of I had a lot of bike accidents when I was a kid and for
some reason I was thinking about to when I was 10 I fell off like a curb and I am and I I guess I must be wearing glasses and I cut my cut myself right in my eyebrow and I had to get stitches and I had a big giant thing wrapped around my head and I was mortified. And I remember all the kids in the neighborhood came to the door to give me candy because I felt bad for me, but I wouldn't come to the door. So I was so worried if I had been this giant bandage around my head
look.
No.
Well,
You get really hurt.
No.
Well,
Uh huh Probably seen sensor.
Um always trying to do too many things. Probably you can enjoy my family much more if I just tried to just be and show them nothing
about, you know.
that's great.
New
studies available on prolific.
Whoa,
it was on my computer. You have something that was me like when a new study comes up
and it says it was really annoying electronic voice. That's all it was.
Oh my gosh, mm
Not really many things. Um,
Well
I quit a job when my kids were little
um, for in order to have more time for them with them and also you should do some different things and I was never really able to get back on the track again. So I think I would do that to feeling I had a very good, I don't think I realized a bit of a deal I had. Um, and
it didn't make me not working. That
does
not make any better parents. Does it makes me, is working. Feel something in me that I than in a better space when I'm home with them. So about you?
Well,
Can make
yeah, I've had many, many, many situations like that. Always better to walk away
but never
seems
to
happen.
Who
more?
I
do
not work horrible.
Uh huh Oh thank you so much. Uh huh I'm an old mom and my mid
fifties and I to have a 13 year old and a 15 year old and I can't really believe they're that old and it is really not fun having a 13 year old and a 15
year old,
are you? You're in your twenties maybe?
Oh my God, wow. Were you born my kids age than mine?
you
know,
I'm losing it, you're all garbled, I can't really understand what you're saying and the picture of worrying again and
I'm meeting left center um and I've lost her than the pictures. What are you in school?
And is
it is it in person or remote?
that's good.
So it's not that big of a difference, this will be a hard time to start college and I think that would really meet people and make new friends. Yeah.
Well
What?
Well mhm
What kind of, what kind of club, what's the very interested in, what kind of clubs?
He
Well
what's great also what we're having? The new Brianna? Right, it must be a little
complicated.
You told me you said your name is Briana right. Yeah, I wonder that's a little that's probably a little bit of a loaded name to have right
now
Brianna Taylor.
Well
I was about Okay.
Oh
I heard, I think the reason I'm thinking of it is because I last week that I'm gonna like her name, the new congresswoman from Missouri um Oh
my gosh, totally blanking on her name
no no congresswoman, not vice
President,
she's young, she's a young black woman from from Missouri who got really active after um from Ferguson, she got really active after all of that and I'm totally gonna need that, she went to congress for her orientation this week and she's wearing a mask and the mask it said Brianna I think so, Brianna Taylor actually, and some republicans thought that was your name because they never apparently heard of the anna Taylor which I just find unbelievably outrageous um I'm totally blanking on her name now, it's really going to bug me. Um she's great, she's great, she's basically an activist from Ferguson who got elected to congress. She's incredible. Um
Just young black woman. And anyway, I was so
disgusted when I saw that um you don't hear any noises. It was like all these weird electrons Well, I just want to right,
you don't hear weird noises. I think all these electronic families is
Cori Bush, that's what I'm talking about, You hurting her.
She's great. Look her up,
Cori Bush. Anyway,
so
I
knew.
Are you with me? Hi already.
Well, I just found out about more curvy taking that my daughter's school.
Business. Hey there. What?
I did, my daughter was
in high
school and the high school was
just,
she just went back today. She normally
hybrid. So
she
goes
to
school
two days of youth in person and they were
for two weeks, they were under quarantine because
there were a lot
of
cases at the
school. So she just went back today for her first day back and I spend an email that there's another case. Yeah,
this is going to be a terrible winter. Um
Um
Anyway, are you somewhere where the numbers are getting real inside?
Yeah. Are you somewhere where the covid numbers are getting really proud of? I mean they are everywhere I guess, but
Oh.
Well,
easily.
You know, are you done with your questions?
What? I'm fun um What are you, what are you studying?
What can the cybersecurity? Well those are very different.
formal
shit.
and
martin seemed very warm and friendly and and I don't know, I think too much like something that
a lot of people and they were security from the 20 minute conversation.
Well,
well
That's cool that I hadn't thought of cyber security in terms of interpersonal purpose. You're right. If you have someone that you can trust to explain things to you, that's really that's great actually.
What?
Thank you.
That's great.
You too.
Thank you. You too. Very
nice to meet you.
Goodbye.