thank you. All right. Take care.
Bye.
I'm doing well. Um I'm Brianna, what's your
name?
So
thank you, Michelle. It's pleasure
immediately. Got
you
Nobody.
So
it's fine.
Just got to have the last 25 minutes. Okay.
That's it.
Just
has.
Yeah. So how are you feeling right now? Right. Mhm
Okay. Oh, it's all right. Uh really interesting has happened yet. So I'm just kind of going with the storm to be honest. Um
So
you got to you? Yeah,
I don't know. Yeah. Mm Did you sleep trade,
you know?
mhm Oh, that's not good. Uh Maybe I should refresh a you see now. Okay.
Yeah, I don't know what happened. So yeah. Mhm.
And you're like
Okay, that's understandable. Mm.
So you can see something, anyone to talk over you.
copy
that.
I just had ever looked some questions in advance I want to ask.
Okay. So I guess it started this one. What's the best advice you've ever been given? Mm
And you?
No.
Okay. That's fine. To another one. Mm hmm. Yeah. If you don't answer it, it's
Yeah. I don't know what's going on. Keep refreshing you say that's happening. So hopefully see me now.
maybe.
The one thing I can think of that made me hearing just my computer monitor that's like blaring the same going. It could be it. Yeah. So, um
probably.
Yeah. You know
what
you
think?
Just like,
Oh, a hard question.
I don't know. Okay. Thank you. I know, I know. So, okay.
Uh, these are supposed to be like very like thought provoking benched organization started so well, okay. Um
Yeah, it's just I guess. Mhm. You're the best you can with what you got. That's the only thing that's coming to mind. Um So yeah. Okay. Move on to a different one. Okay. If you can speak to a younger version of yourself, what would you say to them and why? I'm sorry. What would you say to them? Uh huh. A
that's a good one. You're fired.
Yeah. You know I would say yeah. Yeah. Either be mindful of others.
Yeah. But listen to your heart. Listen to your tuition.
yes. Yeah. Okay. Let's go with what's your favorite memory and why? Childhood
Uhh It's not really a favorite kind of traumatized. I don't know, I'm thinking about it. Okay. So whenever I was little I went to daycare center. It's not
really, I think it was called like y wipe Chl knows you're here with it. But uh there was like these like monkey bars, whatever and I was like
hold onto them like cut slipped and I fell on my face so
it's
favorite. I can't think of a good memory right now,
What?
Yeah. Sleep at the door guy completely later. Yeah. I know. It's weird
how we're just like, you
see there the most like
positive thing beach, like a friend of mine are most like negative thing is different. And I think that's fascinating how our mind works like that. They were the worst I could have said. Either or
oh, just get some ice on it. So I had to walk the other wood chips underneath me so I could just really, it
just kind of heard glass. I was like uh and plus it was unexpected for me slipping. So I'm like, oh,
you know, there have been times brushed it off. That's nice. So yeah. Yeah. Came out all right. And maybe centuries or anything. Um The city uh I guess. How do you feel whenever you're around your family and friends in general? Oh,
however
so I
mean I felt pretty um oh my family uh three chill around them, honestly. Yeah,
I feel like you get along with everybody just fine and we have very good conversation. So this is the time I felt like um
did
you know that?
Mm It's I had an amazing voice coming through. It's just something about prolific kind of treatment. Uh huh.
All
right. Uh What's something you wish you could go back in time and do over if you get a chance to? Yeah.
Yeah.
I like you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
Thank you.
Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm
wonderful.
Uhh Yeah. Yeah. Well
this is mm hmm. I guess what some of my relationships I've had. I wish I would have said or did certain things.
Yeah. We'll get back at it. I feel like I could have handled the situation better then what I did originally and then it's just like, right when I said it or did it that thing um It was like, what? Like, oh, I think that, you know, but it's just like, this is what I don't now. I'll be like, you know, you should make a ton of that one. Just don't say anything. You know, just get up and walk away this weather.
I
don't
like
it.
It's like whenever you're like, if you're in an emotionally
our situation, you're not really thinking straight out of all or like take a moment to breathe and collect yourself. Just like very reactive would say
it's like uh maybe very upset set. I got triggered at that moment. I just reacted without thinking, you know, that that's what happened with the time. Oh yeah, so you mentioned you
have
kids?
Yes, I'm shooting younger here. Uh you're early, forties
good.
Sorry,
But yeah.
no, I'm not two years off 18 actually.
Uh I don't know. Apparently two people come across as older most of the time, so I'll surprise because of my vocabulary built and you know, honestly over time I like to read a whole bunch of
bugs
goes, you know, all that we can build every time. And I just, you know, I have to present myself to hear It is like adult fish or
maybe.
Oh yes. I'm a college freshman community college right now. So I'm just
remote.
I'm just taking ritual classes. You know, the funny thing is I would have taken these classes virtually regardless of the circumstance, it worked out.
Yeah. So, yeah. Um,
Actually I tried to join some clubs recently and all we heard about for two but really active
in one that would mean the other week. And I'm really liking the people in there. So, you know, I'm like trying
to balance the social aspect of college life and whatever. And you know, perhaps make some friendships. If not, I can maybe build future business relationships with these people, you know? Oh,
there are many people.
philosophy hub. It was like one I think a couple were like after that I had to have a certain amount of hours. I didn't have enough credit hours yet because I won't be taking six
at 12. So. Yeah. Yeah. The votes. I think one was like a kindness, trouble, whatever. It was supposed to like build more of like, you know, spend more kindness around or whatever, build more like my fullness in the community because there's something I remember, but I enjoyed that one too. But yeah,
putting out the efforts to reach out to talk to people. Yeah. Never.
To
my heart, can you repeat the beginning? Right?
now.
Baseball.
Uhh
I mean my name spelled differently than hers. It's
spelled B. R. I A one name. I actually have four names actually. Very long. First name, no name and two last names. Uh they uh I just, oh, it's just I'm a couple of my images, I'm being made, you know uh so
many keep that like similar names and like different connotations to come along with them and I'm just yeah.
mm.
But Cameron Harris, I believe,
how
I conquered.
Yeah, yeah
No.
I'll see what,
you know, I think what you might hear is the device I'm using. It's like
just
do you think? Yeah,
Thank you. Uh huh Uh huh. Mhm
She
won't
walk Yeah. In my life.
I don't want to get out of here. Mhm mhm.
Are you and people?
Just something are you going
what
happened?
The
transition from
mama,
what
the fuck
is
this
song
and yourself?
I never
thought
about
it.
No.
Oh yeah, it's just back and forth. Back and forth and cause no. Okay magic.
Well
you must know what
oh, I'm in Oklahoma actually. Yeah,
the numbers keep flexible here, but I don't know if they get hired just nationwide or if you're getting lower and I really not yet. I don't watch, it was like, thank you. Watch the color great. So they go up
and down.
I'm just looking at school. Yeah. Friends very syria me ever. We have about three minutes left. I set a timer but there's anyway. Good. They know. So what?
Oh no, I have more. I just I thought I've been, you know, really took all these conversations. I want to let you speak or ask me something, you know?
Oh right now I'm just taking my basic classes because I I'm certain of what degree I should go in. either go down the path of becoming nutritionist or dietitian or organ cybersecurity. So like cover between those two.
Yeah. Uh Trying to learn how to code while I was like, you know, trying to figure out like fine once you even go down the overthrow this way. Yeah. I don't know. She's,
I took coding guys like a language really. It's not really diplomatic per se unless you're going down the data signed around. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I can, I feel like I can help people either one. You know,
you're just in different ways really? Yeah. So yeah, I would be getting by very
pre allied health that's going to college one into securities.
Problem.
Yeah, I just realized now, you know, I was thinking about how many people are probably getting stand right now and how many people probably get attacked big accounts and stuff like that's a major issue. That's probably last for a long time, even after it. It's like and or whatever and I'm just like, you know, people probably help in that department regarding, not only in their personal business or like a family, you know, they're fast savings. You know, it's very impactful. Yeah, I was thinking that maybe I can like
um people you know, he's in mind doing what I do. So yeah, but either way I'm still gonna help
me somebody that's the main goal.
Just sit down. You know, you know older it's just people are more people on there, you know electronic devices
and it's like certain things. People
are not good. We're people take advantage of them and they're not aware of it. I can probably share my experience and my knowledge, make sure secure that department. Yeah,
she's well it was a pleasure, pleasure speaking with you. And uh
today goes really well.
You
too.