SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Nothing. Do you know this one? Uh huh. What color is a panda? Right. Who invented the telephone? Well, Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Now I get the hottest ass. What about you miss all this girl? Yeah. Right. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Okay mary,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: What what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: I'm jess
SPEAKER_R: Yes I'm Andrea
SPEAKER_L: Andrea nice to meet you. Where you from?
SPEAKER_R: I live in Los Angeles. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Denver.
SPEAKER_R: Oh Denver, that's cool. That's like I'm trying to figure out where I want to move after Los Angeles because I'm not I don't love it here. Um Uh
SPEAKER_L: Wait, I need tomorrow because I what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Um Right now I am like just odd jobs kind of thing. But I worked I had like a 9 to 5 job in um marketing for a while. Um But I quit that because I was like really unhappy with that lifestyle had been like five years. Um And so now I'm just kind of like trying to figure something else out.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that makes sense. Yeah, because I'm just finishing up college and I'm going into like film industry stuff. I mean like um like screenwriting, all that sort of shit and like, I don't know the three places you can go are like L A new york Atlanta and I go to school in new york and it's just not the vibe because I'm from colorado and like everyone here is really chill and there I like hold open the doors say thank you and everyone's like, are you good? And I'm like that I'm just trying.
SPEAKER_R: it's like that one, it's like that in L. A. To like not gonna lie. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Let me turn on the light actually because the prolific is like they want the lights on.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the whole thing is I think it's okay but uh
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: I think that's better. Maybe it's a little brighter. Um What was I gonna say? Yeah people are like that here too. Honestly, like I struggled with that a lot because I moved from texas and yeah, people are just really, really friendly there and it's
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: little things that you don't realize are not happening everywhere. Like you're saying like opening the door for people and acknowledging strangers. Um
SPEAKER_L: we're just rude. I don't know what what's up with that, but everyone lately seems like they're all their own business and they're moving like a million miles an hour. It's like you can't just take it three seconds to be respectful to another person. Like
SPEAKER_R: Wait, so you went to school though in new york?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I go to, I go to school in new york, I'm going back for my senior year. Um Let's even though this whole thing is still happening, it's kind of crazy.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. So are you just like staying with your family right now?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Like my parents house right now, they're both
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: teachers like it's been fun. Just chilling nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Come?
SPEAKER_L: But it's also horrible. I can't do it anymore. I'm too old for they
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Well you're, you're young. You're like, what,
SPEAKER_L: I am.
SPEAKER_R: 22?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: turned 21. But
SPEAKER_R: 21. Okay. I'm just saying that because you said your college age. Um yeah, I'm 20 I don't want to be 28 actually. So yeah, I got got
SPEAKER_L: Congress.
SPEAKER_R: some years in the real world.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean like I'm sure I'm gonna, you know, regret not being, being more happy that
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: I'm at home or being more grateful that I'm at home. But like
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I love my family and everything. I'm just kind of excited grow up and like go into the world a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And that really sucks that. Like when did you turn 21?
SPEAKER_L: I turned 21 like a month ago. I just wanted to go out and like dance a little bit but right now not the time. Mm
SPEAKER_R: That really does suck. That, that's like how you're having to spend your time, you never got to do like the 21 year old thing. And um I just feel bad for like college kids how you know, you get to do online classes and stuff maybe, but you don't get like the college experience which parties and this and that like it's all part of it. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And the crazy part is like tuition. They didn't lower it at all. Even even
SPEAKER_R: that's not
SPEAKER_L: for what?
SPEAKER_R: parent,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know it's not, it's not fair. That's the worst part about it is because colleges especially because I go to like a private college, they're, they're there to make money and like they don't actually care about any of their students and
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: court.
SPEAKER_R: it's that's really crazy because like you would think they'd be saving so much money, like not using their facilities and like
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: they would be able to get that back to students then like if it's a private school then they have so much money and they have all these like wealthy donors.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But like they just, I mean, I think they're still trying to at least pay all of their employees. I'm pretty sure everyone's taking pay cuts to,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: but that's also crazy to me how everyone's taking pay cuts and like tuition is going up and students aren't going to be using a lot like any of the stuff we have on campus yet, they're still charging us over $40,000 like without, you know, eight or anything over $40,000 per semester. Like it's absolutely
SPEAKER_R: Per semester,
SPEAKER_L: mustard.
SPEAKER_R: what school do you go to?
SPEAKER_L: I go to Vassar. It's crazy. It's really, really crazy. It's awful. They
SPEAKER_R: she's
SPEAKER_L: used to like,
SPEAKER_R: the, wow.
SPEAKER_L: it's getting worse and worse to like, I'm lucky because they're about it's about to like they at least gave a lot of people in my years like money and scholarships and financial aid money, but that just keeps like they're doing it less and less. It's at a control that we're so screwed up. Like my parents are both teachers, they're both high school teachers, but like, even starting from there, you can just see, it's like it's all about money and it's all just totally screwed up
SPEAKER_R: I know the real world.
SPEAKER_L: the real world. I know, I say I want to get into it, but I'm just going to like find out more and more horrible, horrible things.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like you guys like um because you're honestly like seven years younger than me, so you just have like such an understanding of the world that I didn't have and like people my age didn't have in college, like probably, I mean I'm assuming I guess, but like um with all that's happening in the pandemic, I'm I'm sure that like people your age are like aware of the health care system and like all of these things now that like I never thought about, like I was just never something that ever crossed my mind as someone that like parents paid for my health insurance and it wasn't this like big political issue?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, No, it's it's really opening a lot of people's eyes and I think I'm happy that I kind of knew a lot before this, but I'm learning so much. Like, I mean I knew universal health care was like an important thing. I obviously didn't realize it until like hundreds of thousands of people are dying. And also my best friend right now, she had to go into quarantine like six months before everybody else because she was diagnosed at the age of 22 with like five different autoimmune diseases and like now because people aren't wearing masks and she's from new york, like she might not get to like leave her housing one for years and years because she will catch it and she's exposed to it. So it's
SPEAKER_R: Did
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: you get like Lyme disease or something?
SPEAKER_L: no she had like she had Crohn's disease and then started taking Humira and then had a really really really horrible reaction to it and has developed like five different disorders and some of them I think are genetic. I don't even
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: know it's there can't keep up with it. But this lady
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: have you been doing? What what have you been up to like since it's summer break?
SPEAKER_L: I tried to get a job and I really want to work fast food because that's not vibe. And there's really
SPEAKER_R: Some
SPEAKER_L: not much
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: ground because I was I was supposed to go on a trip this summer um and they didn't cancel it until halfway through june, it was through the hundreds of your life, so I didn't have time to do the job that's doing like odd job stuff, you know? Like.
SPEAKER_R: same thing. I mean yeah, like we're both doing this. So I had like I had I've had one of these conversations before, they are like running this, I don't know if you have there like running this study and letting people do it multiple times. So
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: um I talked to another girl before she was in the same boat. Um we were like we honestly me and her have like everything in common. We like
SPEAKER_L: not?
SPEAKER_R: wanted to do the same thing with our lives, were both wanting to go into graduate school to become counselors where
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: we have the same like odd jobs, we have the same like astrological sign, like it was like everything
SPEAKER_L: Wait, what's your class?
SPEAKER_R: for go
SPEAKER_L: Oh, you're a Virgo? Okay. I'm a cancer.
SPEAKER_R: Wednesday.
SPEAKER_L: Do you know all of your chart stuff? Or just like the sun sign?
SPEAKER_R: No because I don't know my birth time which yeah that's pretty important but at the same time I kind of like that I don't know it because I like the mystery, I don't I don't know, I don't really want to know it because I think astrology can kind of box people in.
SPEAKER_L: Earlier I think a lot of people see what and they're like, oh God, like whatever. And I kind of was the same way until I was like, you know what, I don't need it to box me and I'll just use it to like,
SPEAKER_R: Group.
SPEAKER_L: I'll use costar whatever horrible shit they send me everything. It's like guide myself through everything rather than like adhere to like whatever they think I can because I'm not like a home body. Like I want to drive around. I don't want to be a mom. Like I I can't I don't think I'd ever be able to do. Yeah. I don't know. I'm not like, I don't know. I don't think I'm strong enough to hold a child for nine months in my body. I also like have, you know, like genetic sort of like depressive disorders and things like that. And I don't want to like pat, you know, my kids that like, they wouldn't want all the workers kids to be adopted and I feel like I have the privilege to be able to do that. I might as well. But
SPEAKER_R: if you got the money
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah, I also just feel like some people have, you know, they really, really want to and I just, I just haven't reached that point
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: yet.
SPEAKER_R: don't feel that way
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I don't have
SPEAKER_R: think.
SPEAKER_L: any numbness in my whole family, so I've never even never held a baby before. No, it's
SPEAKER_R: No cousin
SPEAKER_L: not,
SPEAKER_R: is like
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: I'm a baby. I'm the wee baby. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But no one's had kids.
SPEAKER_L: Now, yeah, one of my cousins just got married like last summer and that's Yeah. And
SPEAKER_R: I haven't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: helped Bvs honestly I don't have a my best friend from childhood is she just got pregnant, they had to do like in vitro and all this stuff um and so she just got pregnant and she's got a baby and I'm so excited I'm gonna be an ant.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it's so fun and cute. Do you want to, like, do you want to have a family when you're older or when older? You want to have a family?
SPEAKER_R: No I feel like it's like getting older like you're, my body is like changing and like I'm you know it's like a biological thing where I want it physically, I want it but like mentally I don't
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: um I would love to have a kid and like care for something and nurture or something. But it's also just that responsibility to like not mess up your kid is so insane. And like kids are like I think about the things that like traumatized me that I like still deal with today. Some of them are like so some of them are big but then some of them are these like tiny little things. Like one person told you this one thing once and you're traumatized forever. And like that's what scares me that you can end up doing that to someone.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, but I think like at least being conscious of being aware of that gives you an advantage, like knowing that you could possibly traumatize your child and trying your best not being open and treating them like people like, so at least you're aware of that. But yeah, it is crazy about like, I don't know, still living with my parents too is really hard because they're like, we're not treating you like a child and I'm like, you're not then why are you asking me if I need snacks and like interrupting me every five seconds and like asking me to do some chores that like I was already did, like it's just oh, I don't
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: must be really hard to be actually. I don't know. And would you you wouldn't be here otherwise right? You wouldn't be in Denver if
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it weren't
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: for the
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't be here for a couple of months for the summer. Um But I've been here since mid March um and
SPEAKER_R: long time home.
SPEAKER_L: we're not fine because I usually like, again I would have probably had a job and then I would have gone on that trip and then would go back to school, but since I've just been here the whole time and they're since they're teachers, they have summer break and like I wasn't able to find a job, so we've just been trapped together. Okay. Um But that's okay, I mean, I'm grateful for my family and I'm lucky to have the people I have and like but it's just 10,
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: it's 10.
SPEAKER_R: you been have you been like reevaluating your future now that all this has happened and like the film industry looks really different like?
SPEAKER_L: wow. Um I actually started at school I go through with more of a like a stage drama degree. I started that's what I wanted to do. Um Then I realized how elitist it is and how horrible everybody is and like it was really bad and I wanted to get into, I want to realise basically when the epidemic started I was like I want to get into film because it's more accessible so you can like you know get it to other people and there are ways to get around like you know all the safety things going on with like independent filming and I don't really care like that's why I'm moving to L. A. Isn't like a priority and I'm really trying to gauge it from the people I know who've been around there because like I don't really care about like you know being a Hollywood star like getting a movie that's not the point. I wanted like create stories that matter and work with people I care about and like you know just I don't know. So I I don't know if it's necessarily like changed what I'm doing but it's definitely given me a lot to think about because it's going to be
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: hard.
SPEAKER_R: you have any other questions about L. A.
SPEAKER_L: Oh God, I don't even know. I just kind of want to know your like your favorite thing about it and your least favorite thing about it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Gosh I don't know my favorite thing.
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's
SPEAKER_L: have to
SPEAKER_R: I have a couple. No it's not like that. I mean I do there are something I like like you're close to um so many like beautiful places like you're two hours away from san Diego and you're like two hours away from like this mountain and then like three hours away from whatever And it's like you can like drive to so many places. Um And I also really like I'm not one of those people that's like obsessed with status and doing all that like L. A. Stuff. But every now and again I get to do like glamorous stuff and you'll end up at like a celebrity's house or well just cool things will happen like that. Um And it's just fun and exciting and like I'm not someone that's like this is what I want to make happen in my life full time. But those moments are pretty cool and they don't happen and maybe in new york but like
SPEAKER_L: certain
SPEAKER_R: uh it happened but it happens in L. A. Sometimes which is cool. And then my least favorite part, it's changed now because of the virus. So it's not really impacting my life as much right now, but very cliche is the traffic. And I didn't really understand one more why everyone complained about it so much. Like until I moved here and I realized that it's not the actual sitting in your car, traffic kind of thing that bothers people. It's the fact that it changes the way that people act in this city. So yeah, there because it's not like new york where people are on, you know, hustle bustle on the streets and the sidewalk and there's like kind of a community in the fact that you're all like moving from place to place and you're like around other people all the time. Like here people are in their cars, people are very separate from other people there. I find that there's like a coldness from people. Like, you know, I guess there kind of is in new york, but at the same time like new Yorkers, I feel like our underneath it all like really nice and like value communities so much so
SPEAKER_L: because they're also like squished together and they understand what it's like to be on top of each other all the time, that's why they're moving so fast. But then people in L. A. Are like okay we have space but no one is giving me my space and like I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's just like it can be a really, really isolating place um and it can also be, I feel like the number one thing here is I wouldn't recommend anyone move here if they don't have a purpose because it's so easy to get lost in like because all these like flashy things are happening and it's exciting and there's so many people that are obsessed with status here and money and this and that, and you can easily get wrapped up in it and at the end of the day that stuff doesn't actually make you happy. So you just need to have like a purpose and something like you live for or else you'll sit around feeling like shit about yourself because you don't have all these like fancy things, you know
SPEAKER_L: War
SPEAKER_R: that other people have. Um So anyway, so really it's like the traffic just affects a lot, it affects like and obviously it's like this in new york too, because commuting and it's a big city or whatever, but you really have to like plan your whole day, like you can't just be like, oh yeah, I'll go there and then I'll go there and whatever, you're like no, if I go there, then this and this and then we're gonna have to carpool and it's like there's not as much like freedom to do things on a whim here. Um So and then yeah, people are, because the traffic is such a thing, like if someone doesn't live in your neighborhood really within like two miles of you, then they don't really have any kind of interest in having you in their lives. Um So
SPEAKER_L: Damn.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, because like you're like what we're gonna drive 30 minutes to see each other like and I barely know you like it's just weird to make friends I guess because of that. And then also like if you don't work in the industry, the industry with entertainment like um yeah people are just like not necessarily interested in like forming a connection with you because it is so difficult to maintain connections here. You want to make sure the ones that you do make are gonna benefit you in some way I guess. But I don't work in the industry so
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: I don't appeal to a lot of people.
SPEAKER_L: no I've heard I've I've I've talked to a lot had a lot of people come in and give their guidance and they're always like make sure you make connections. But so many times people are only focused on making connections like we'll get them further rather than just like being friends with people like being how many is that?
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: will say one thing I did like it was like right before this like virus thing happened, like I met this community of people through, I grew up jewish and so I met this community of people um at this uh synagogue that's really close to me. And it's like people in their twenties and thirties and they have like a whole group around it and I started to like become friends with these people and have a community and like that really changed everything for me. So finding a community is just really important and so if you have any kind of thing that you can tap into um outside of your career then.
SPEAKER_L: personally because if I'm getting in the industry and like oh that's all it's about like I need to find people who are not into that. Um Did you move like did you go by yourself or like did you have friends who are coming with you when you moved to the city to L. A. Or anything like that? You just kind of went by
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: yourself?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I just moved out here. I was like working in um austin texas. Um I went to school there and then I worked there for a few years and then I got a transfer within my company to move to L. A. And like I wanted to transfer and so I just moved out here on my own. Um I do have a couple of friends I know that I was like best friends with each of them at some point in my life before this I had lost touch with both of them but meanwhile they had become really good friends while in L. A. Um even though they didn't even know each other before.
SPEAKER_L: Wanted.
SPEAKER_R: And so when I came I like met up with them and they're like my two best friends ever since. So that's kind of the thing. It's like I haven't really been able to make a ton of new friends but I'm just so lucky and I think part of it is because I do have them that I'm like and because it is so hard to make friends that it's just easier to just be with them because I love them so much and you know we have that closeness and we come from the same place.
SPEAKER_L: Find your people are like that that's the thing, I really appreciate that like I don't know, I mean I'm always worried about really being really lonely because I am not really from a city, I mean I'm in new york right now and I live near Denver but Denver is not a city and I am from new york, I am not new.
SPEAKER_R: City life is different for sure.
SPEAKER_L: but but it will be,
SPEAKER_R: What do you say?
SPEAKER_L: I said I dressed like it sometimes I'm wearing like chunky trainers and I don't know happy, I'm actually more optimistic now to the hearing that because it is a lot, I know it would be a lot but I feel like I don't know it's good to know that if you have like a little community and whatever we'll be okay.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's just like coming in prepared like knowing what to expect and having like little pieces of advice like that like have a goal, have a community like or find a community tap into I don't know get a hobby if you need to and
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like find a community there just like do something. Um And then find like I would say try to it depends like where you work I guess like if you work at a specific place but try to try to live in an area of the city that you really really like the neighborhood and you like the people that live in it because you know traffic whatever you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: just want to be within two miles of the things that you enjoy being around instead of like having a B. A. Hassle to go to go there all the time. Um Yeah so that's that would be my advice for L. A. And then I wish I had someone to tell me that kind of stuff before I moved here. But I just kind of went in like really really optimistically and was just like oh my god it's so fun. And like the first month I was here it was just like this is amazing, like the weather is nice, like my first month everyone was so nice to me here because I was just like oh yeah I just moved here like five days ago or whatever and like people were like oh be my friend and I was like this city is amazing and then like kind of wore off after like a month and things started to get more real. Um And I was like wait, I don't actually like those people. Um Like they never because there's a lot of toxic people here like yeah,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: especially
SPEAKER_R: like uh not
SPEAKER_L: bunch of like probably you know want to be Hollywood actors, they're all like fake as shit, trying to be your best friend and there's
SPEAKER_R: yeah, where was that? And then like this like group of friends that I was like hanging out with, I was like they all talked shit about each other, like I don't think I want that.
SPEAKER_L: nothing.
SPEAKER_R: And then yeah, I was like they're probably talking about me. And then yeah, there was this other group of people that I tried to be friends with and they were so weird and like too cool for school all the time. Like it was like they were to invite me to things all the time. But then when I would come they would be like hey and like barely talk and I would be like trying to make conversation like I'm a pretty like conversational like bubbly
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: person
SPEAKER_L: work.
SPEAKER_R: and I would like not getting anything back, it was so frustrating.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, you're fun though, they just fucking suck Bruins
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what that was. Um Mhm. But yeah, I mean I spent a couple of years figuring out all this stuff,
SPEAKER_L: looking like you like you know what you're doing and you're like no, you know what you want and I love that, that's great.
SPEAKER_R: not well finally jeez I mean I've been in this like crisis because I quit my job in october and
SPEAKER_L: Born
SPEAKER_R: I just like I haven't like I didn't even know what I wanted to do with my life for a while. I um I wasn't even working because my draw my job like traumatized me. Um And so I think it's just the like corporate kind of culture thing is traumatizing and it's like very backstab e and like you have to just like act a certain way and like you kind of just can't be yourself uh and I was just really really unhappy and like I worked you know in an industry that's kind of soulless so I didn't feel good about myself anyways, I was traumatized so I didn't work for like months, months and months after because I just like couldn't bring myself to
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: care. Um, but I figured it out. I figured I want to be a counselor.
SPEAKER_L: I'm that that's fucking fantastic. Like that's really really really really amazing and I'm glad that you moved out of something that felt like he couldn't be yourself and now you're going to go into something where other people can like hopefully find themselves within that or like need guidance.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's just like the classic quarter life crisis that everyone kind of goes through I guess. Like so many people do this.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I'm gonna have such a crisis going into the film industry, you're kidding me. I'm gonna be like oh my god. Oh great.
SPEAKER_R: You don't think you're going to have one, but you do and you realize like what actually makes you happy in life. I mean some people, I guess they like they, it works out for them, but I don't know all of my friends have changed directions.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean like if I know what I'm doing now then I don't have enough growing left to do. Yeah I gotta grow grow.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Um I think it's been 25 minutes actually and I have something to do in like 30 minutes so I need to hop off. But it was really nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: it's just lovely. Thanks
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: remind me of your name
SPEAKER_L: yes. And you're Andrea right
SPEAKER_R: Andrea yeah. Wait, okay. I'm gonna write down your juvenile instagram. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Um It's mitch M. I. T. C. H. Underscore slap 17. I think there might be another underscore in there. Let me see. I was on
SPEAKER_R: I'll follow you on there.
SPEAKER_L: one minute
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: slot.
SPEAKER_R: is cool. Like the last person I talked to on this, we also got each other's like info and out of each other like on linkedin and chicks, we want to do the same thing. Um
SPEAKER_L: I don't want mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: I know it sounds like this is kind of a cool way to meet people. They like keep pairing me with people I like.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's nice. I want to do it again. That's fun.
SPEAKER_R: if it comes up because on it, you know, it's like what? 15 bucks is pretty cool
SPEAKER_L: Yeah for just
SPEAKER_R: today.
SPEAKER_L: accounting for half an hour. I don't I'm not gonna yeah. Wait
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I can
SPEAKER_R: okay. It's whom it, I'll just spell it. H 00 M. A M.
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: Under
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: underscore, wait, no, no, no, not underscore sorry period girl.
SPEAKER_L: Human girl. Amazing. Sweet. Alright. Well
SPEAKER_R: I'll see you on instagram. Okay, bye.