Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Nothing. Do you know this one? Uh huh. What color is a panda? Right. Who invented the telephone? Well, Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Now I get the hottest ass. What about you miss all this girl? Yeah. Right. Uh huh.
Yeah. Hi,
how are you?
I'm jess
Andrea nice to meet you. Where you from?
I'm in Denver.
Wait, I need tomorrow because I what do you do?
wow, that makes sense. Yeah, because I'm just finishing up college and I'm going into like film industry stuff. I mean like um like screenwriting, all that sort of shit and like, I don't know the three places you can go are like L A new york Atlanta and I go to school in new york and it's just not the vibe because I'm from colorado and like everyone here is really chill and there I like hold open the doors say thank you and everyone's like, are you good? And I'm like that I'm just trying.
Well
yeah, the whole thing is I think it's okay but uh
huh
No,
we're just rude. I don't know what what's up with that, but everyone lately seems like they're all their own business and they're moving like a million miles an hour. It's like you can't just take it three seconds to be respectful to another person. Like
yeah, I go to, I go to school in new york, I'm going back for my senior year. Um Let's even though this whole thing is still happening, it's kind of crazy.
Mhm. Like my parents house right now, they're both
teachers like it's been fun. Just chilling nothing.
But it's also horrible. I can't do it anymore. I'm too old for they
I am.
Yeah, I just
turned 21. But
Congress.
Yeah. I mean like I'm sure I'm gonna, you know, regret not being, being more happy that
I'm at home or being more grateful that I'm at home. But like
I love my family and everything. I'm just kind of excited grow up and like go into the world a little bit.
I turned 21 like a month ago. I just wanted to go out and like dance a little bit but right now not the time. Mm
Yeah. And the crazy part is like tuition. They didn't lower it at all. Even even
for what?
Yeah, I know it's not, it's not fair. That's the worst part about it is because colleges especially because I go to like a private college, they're, they're there to make money and like they don't actually care about any of their students and
court.
All
Yeah. But like they just, I mean, I think they're still trying to at least pay all of their employees. I'm pretty sure everyone's taking pay cuts to,
but that's also crazy to me how everyone's taking pay cuts and like tuition is going up and students aren't going to be using a lot like any of the stuff we have on campus yet, they're still charging us over $40,000 like without, you know, eight or anything over $40,000 per semester. Like it's absolutely
mustard.
I go to Vassar. It's crazy. It's really, really crazy. It's awful. They
used to like,
it's getting worse and worse to like, I'm lucky because they're about it's about to like they at least gave a lot of people in my years like money and scholarships and financial aid money, but that just keeps like they're doing it less and less. It's at a control that we're so screwed up. Like my parents are both teachers, they're both high school teachers, but like, even starting from there, you can just see, it's like it's all about money and it's all just totally screwed up
the real world. I know, I say I want to get into it, but I'm just going to like find out more and more horrible, horrible things.
Yeah, No, it's it's really opening a lot of people's eyes and I think I'm happy that I kind of knew a lot before this, but I'm learning so much. Like, I mean I knew universal health care was like an important thing. I obviously didn't realize it until like hundreds of thousands of people are dying. And also my best friend right now, she had to go into quarantine like six months before everybody else because she was diagnosed at the age of 22 with like five different autoimmune diseases and like now because people aren't wearing masks and she's from new york, like she might not get to like leave her housing one for years and years because she will catch it and she's exposed to it. So it's
just
no she had like she had Crohn's disease and then started taking Humira and then had a really really really horrible reaction to it and has developed like five different disorders and some of them I think are genetic. I don't even
know it's there can't keep up with it. But this lady
how
I tried to get a job and I really want to work fast food because that's not vibe. And there's really
not much
ground because I was I was supposed to go on a trip this summer um and they didn't cancel it until halfway through june, it was through the hundreds of your life, so I didn't have time to do the job that's doing like odd job stuff, you know? Like.
Or
not?
Who?
Wait, what's your class?
Oh, you're a Virgo? Okay. I'm a cancer.
Do you know all of your chart stuff? Or just like the sun sign?
Earlier I think a lot of people see what and they're like, oh God, like whatever. And I kind of was the same way until I was like, you know what, I don't need it to box me and I'll just use it to like,
I'll use costar whatever horrible shit they send me everything. It's like guide myself through everything rather than like adhere to like whatever they think I can because I'm not like a home body. Like I want to drive around. I don't want to be a mom. Like I I can't I don't think I'd ever be able to do. Yeah. I don't know. I'm not like, I don't know. I don't think I'm strong enough to hold a child for nine months in my body. I also like have, you know, like genetic sort of like depressive disorders and things like that. And I don't want to like pat, you know, my kids that like, they wouldn't want all the workers kids to be adopted and I feel like I have the privilege to be able to do that. I might as well. But
yeah. Yeah, I also just feel like some people have, you know, they really, really want to and I just, I just haven't reached that point
yet.
No,
I don't have
any numbness in my whole family, so I've never even never held a baby before. No, it's
not,
no,
I'm a baby. I'm the wee baby. Yeah.
Now, yeah, one of my cousins just got married like last summer and that's Yeah. And
I
Oh, it's so fun and cute. Do you want to, like, do you want to have a family when you're older or when older? You want to have a family?
No.
Mhm. Yeah, but I think like at least being conscious of being aware of that gives you an advantage, like knowing that you could possibly traumatize your child and trying your best not being open and treating them like people like, so at least you're aware of that. But yeah, it is crazy about like, I don't know, still living with my parents too is really hard because they're like, we're not treating you like a child and I'm like, you're not then why are you asking me if I need snacks and like interrupting me every five seconds and like asking me to do some chores that like I was already did, like it's just oh, I don't
know,
I
mean
I wouldn't be here for a couple of months for the summer. Um But I've been here since mid March um and
we're not fine because I usually like, again I would have probably had a job and then I would have gone on that trip and then would go back to school, but since I've just been here the whole time and they're since they're teachers, they have summer break and like I wasn't able to find a job, so we've just been trapped together. Okay. Um But that's okay, I mean, I'm grateful for my family and I'm lucky to have the people I have and like but it's just 10,
it's 10.
wow. Um I actually started at school I go through with more of a like a stage drama degree. I started that's what I wanted to do. Um Then I realized how elitist it is and how horrible everybody is and like it was really bad and I wanted to get into, I want to realise basically when the epidemic started I was like I want to get into film because it's more accessible so you can like you know get it to other people and there are ways to get around like you know all the safety things going on with like independent filming and I don't really care like that's why I'm moving to L. A. Isn't like a priority and I'm really trying to gauge it from the people I know who've been around there because like I don't really care about like you know being a Hollywood star like getting a movie that's not the point. I wanted like create stories that matter and work with people I care about and like you know just I don't know. So I I don't know if it's necessarily like changed what I'm doing but it's definitely given me a lot to think about because it's going to be
hard.
Oh God, I don't even know. I just kind of want to know your like your favorite thing about it and your least favorite thing about it. Mhm.
You
have to
certain
because they're also like squished together and they understand what it's like to be on top of each other all the time, that's why they're moving so fast. But then people in L. A. Are like okay we have space but no one is giving me my space and like I don't know
War
Damn.
Like
no I've heard I've I've I've talked to a lot had a lot of people come in and give their guidance and they're always like make sure you make connections. But so many times people are only focused on making connections like we'll get them further rather than just like being friends with people like being how many is that?
It's
personally because if I'm getting in the industry and like oh that's all it's about like I need to find people who are not into that. Um Did you move like did you go by yourself or like did you have friends who are coming with you when you moved to the city to L. A. Or anything like that? You just kind of went by
yourself?
Wanted.
Find your people are like that that's the thing, I really appreciate that like I don't know, I mean I'm always worried about really being really lonely because I am not really from a city, I mean I'm in new york right now and I live near Denver but Denver is not a city and I am from new york, I am not new.
but but it will be,
I said I dressed like it sometimes I'm wearing like chunky trainers and I don't know happy, I'm actually more optimistic now to the hearing that because it is a lot, I know it would be a lot but I feel like I don't know it's good to know that if you have like a little community and whatever we'll be okay.
What?
No.
and
especially
bunch of like probably you know want to be Hollywood actors, they're all like fake as shit, trying to be your best friend and there's
nothing.
not
work.
Oh no, you're fun though, they just fucking suck Bruins
looking like you like you know what you're doing and you're like no, you know what you want and I love that, that's great.
Born
No
I'm that that's fucking fantastic. Like that's really really really really amazing and I'm glad that you moved out of something that felt like he couldn't be yourself and now you're going to go into something where other people can like hopefully find themselves within that or like need guidance.
Oh yeah I'm gonna have such a crisis going into the film industry, you're kidding me. I'm gonna be like oh my god. Oh great.
Yeah I mean like if I know what I'm doing now then I don't have enough growing left to do. Yeah I gotta grow grow.
it's just lovely. Thanks
for
yes. And you're Andrea right
Um It's mitch M. I. T. C. H. Underscore slap 17. I think there might be another underscore in there. Let me see. I was on
one minute
slot.
I don't want mm hmm.
Well that's nice. I want to do it again. That's fun.
Yeah for just
accounting for half an hour. I don't I'm not gonna yeah. Wait
what
I can
got
it.
Human girl. Amazing. Sweet. Alright. Well