Okay mary,
how are you?
What what's your name?
Yes I'm Andrea
I live in Los Angeles. What about you?
Oh Denver, that's cool. That's like I'm trying to figure out where I want to move after Los Angeles because I'm not I don't love it here. Um Uh
Um Right now I am like just odd jobs kind of thing. But I worked I had like a 9 to 5 job in um marketing for a while. Um But I quit that because I was like really unhappy with that lifestyle had been like five years. Um And so now I'm just kind of like trying to figure something else out.
it's like that one, it's like that in L. A. To like not gonna lie. Yeah.
Let me turn on the light actually because the prolific is like they want the lights on.
Okay.
I think that's better. Maybe it's a little brighter. Um What was I gonna say? Yeah people are like that here too. Honestly, like I struggled with that a lot because I moved from texas and yeah, people are just really, really friendly there and it's
little things that you don't realize are not happening everywhere. Like you're saying like opening the door for people and acknowledging strangers. Um
Wait, so you went to school though in new york?
yeah. So are you just like staying with your family right now?
How
Come?
yeah. Well you're, you're young. You're like, what,
22?
I mean
21. Okay. I'm just saying that because you said your college age. Um yeah, I'm 20 I don't want to be 28 actually. So yeah, I got got
some years in the real world.
well.
Well
Yeah. And that really sucks that. Like when did you turn 21?
That really does suck. That, that's like how you're having to spend your time, you never got to do like the 21 year old thing. And um I just feel bad for like college kids how you know, you get to do online classes and stuff maybe, but you don't get like the college experience which parties and this and that like it's all part of it. So
that's not
parent,
and
it's that's really crazy because like you would think they'd be saving so much money, like not using their facilities and like
they would be able to get that back to students then like if it's a private school then they have so much money and they have all these like wealthy donors.
That's
Per semester,
what school do you go to?
she's
the, wow.
I know the real world.
I feel like you guys like um because you're honestly like seven years younger than me, so you just have like such an understanding of the world that I didn't have and like people my age didn't have in college, like probably, I mean I'm assuming I guess, but like um with all that's happening in the pandemic, I'm I'm sure that like people your age are like aware of the health care system and like all of these things now that like I never thought about, like I was just never something that ever crossed my mind as someone that like parents paid for my health insurance and it wasn't this like big political issue?
Did
you get like Lyme disease or something?
All
What
have you been doing? What what have you been up to like since it's summer break?
Some
fun.
same thing. I mean yeah, like we're both doing this. So I had like I had I've had one of these conversations before, they are like running this, I don't know if you have there like running this study and letting people do it multiple times. So
um I talked to another girl before she was in the same boat. Um we were like we honestly me and her have like everything in common. We like
wanted to do the same thing with our lives, were both wanting to go into graduate school to become counselors where
we have the same like odd jobs, we have the same like astrological sign, like it was like everything
for go
Wednesday.
No because I don't know my birth time which yeah that's pretty important but at the same time I kind of like that I don't know it because I like the mystery, I don't I don't know, I don't really want to know it because I think astrology can kind of box people in.
Group.
if you got the money
you
don't feel that way
I
think.
No cousin
is like
but
But no one's had kids.
I haven't
helped Bvs honestly I don't have a my best friend from childhood is she just got pregnant, they had to do like in vitro and all this stuff um and so she just got pregnant and she's got a baby and I'm so excited I'm gonna be an ant.
No I feel like it's like getting older like you're, my body is like changing and like I'm you know it's like a biological thing where I want it physically, I want it but like mentally I don't
um I would love to have a kid and like care for something and nurture or something. But it's also just that responsibility to like not mess up your kid is so insane. And like kids are like I think about the things that like traumatized me that I like still deal with today. Some of them are like so some of them are big but then some of them are these like tiny little things. Like one person told you this one thing once and you're traumatized forever. And like that's what scares me that you can end up doing that to someone.
That
must be really hard to be actually. I don't know. And would you you wouldn't be here otherwise right? You wouldn't be in Denver if
it weren't
for the
long time home.
Have
you been have you been like reevaluating your future now that all this has happened and like the film industry looks really different like?
Do
you have any other questions about L. A.
Gosh I don't know my favorite thing.
I mean it's
I have a couple. No it's not like that. I mean I do there are something I like like you're close to um so many like beautiful places like you're two hours away from san Diego and you're like two hours away from like this mountain and then like three hours away from whatever And it's like you can like drive to so many places. Um And I also really like I'm not one of those people that's like obsessed with status and doing all that like L. A. Stuff. But every now and again I get to do like glamorous stuff and you'll end up at like a celebrity's house or well just cool things will happen like that. Um And it's just fun and exciting and like I'm not someone that's like this is what I want to make happen in my life full time. But those moments are pretty cool and they don't happen and maybe in new york but like
uh it happened but it happens in L. A. Sometimes which is cool. And then my least favorite part, it's changed now because of the virus. So it's not really impacting my life as much right now, but very cliche is the traffic. And I didn't really understand one more why everyone complained about it so much. Like until I moved here and I realized that it's not the actual sitting in your car, traffic kind of thing that bothers people. It's the fact that it changes the way that people act in this city. So yeah, there because it's not like new york where people are on, you know, hustle bustle on the streets and the sidewalk and there's like kind of a community in the fact that you're all like moving from place to place and you're like around other people all the time. Like here people are in their cars, people are very separate from other people there. I find that there's like a coldness from people. Like, you know, I guess there kind of is in new york, but at the same time like new Yorkers, I feel like our underneath it all like really nice and like value communities so much so
Yeah, it's just like it can be a really, really isolating place um and it can also be, I feel like the number one thing here is I wouldn't recommend anyone move here if they don't have a purpose because it's so easy to get lost in like because all these like flashy things are happening and it's exciting and there's so many people that are obsessed with status here and money and this and that, and you can easily get wrapped up in it and at the end of the day that stuff doesn't actually make you happy. So you just need to have like a purpose and something like you live for or else you'll sit around feeling like shit about yourself because you don't have all these like fancy things, you know
that other people have. Um So anyway, so really it's like the traffic just affects a lot, it affects like and obviously it's like this in new york too, because commuting and it's a big city or whatever, but you really have to like plan your whole day, like you can't just be like, oh yeah, I'll go there and then I'll go there and whatever, you're like no, if I go there, then this and this and then we're gonna have to carpool and it's like there's not as much like freedom to do things on a whim here. Um So and then yeah, people are, because the traffic is such a thing, like if someone doesn't live in your neighborhood really within like two miles of you, then they don't really have any kind of interest in having you in their lives. Um So
yeah, because like you're like what we're gonna drive 30 minutes to see each other like and I barely know you like it's just weird to make friends I guess because of that. And then also like if you don't work in the industry, the industry with entertainment like um yeah people are just like not necessarily interested in like forming a connection with you because it is so difficult to maintain connections here. You want to make sure the ones that you do make are gonna benefit you in some way I guess. But I don't work in the industry so
I don't appeal to a lot of people.
I
will say one thing I did like it was like right before this like virus thing happened, like I met this community of people through, I grew up jewish and so I met this community of people um at this uh synagogue that's really close to me. And it's like people in their twenties and thirties and they have like a whole group around it and I started to like become friends with these people and have a community and like that really changed everything for me. So finding a community is just really important and so if you have any kind of thing that you can tap into um outside of your career then.
No.
Yeah I just moved out here. I was like working in um austin texas. Um I went to school there and then I worked there for a few years and then I got a transfer within my company to move to L. A. And like I wanted to transfer and so I just moved out here on my own. Um I do have a couple of friends I know that I was like best friends with each of them at some point in my life before this I had lost touch with both of them but meanwhile they had become really good friends while in L. A. Um even though they didn't even know each other before.
And so when I came I like met up with them and they're like my two best friends ever since. So that's kind of the thing. It's like I haven't really been able to make a ton of new friends but I'm just so lucky and I think part of it is because I do have them that I'm like and because it is so hard to make friends that it's just easier to just be with them because I love them so much and you know we have that closeness and we come from the same place.
City life is different for sure.
What do you say?
I think it's just like coming in prepared like knowing what to expect and having like little pieces of advice like that like have a goal, have a community like or find a community tap into I don't know get a hobby if you need to and
like find a community there just like do something. Um And then find like I would say try to it depends like where you work I guess like if you work at a specific place but try to try to live in an area of the city that you really really like the neighborhood and you like the people that live in it because you know traffic whatever you
just want to be within two miles of the things that you enjoy being around instead of like having a B. A. Hassle to go to go there all the time. Um Yeah so that's that would be my advice for L. A. And then I wish I had someone to tell me that kind of stuff before I moved here. But I just kind of went in like really really optimistically and was just like oh my god it's so fun. And like the first month I was here it was just like this is amazing, like the weather is nice, like my first month everyone was so nice to me here because I was just like oh yeah I just moved here like five days ago or whatever and like people were like oh be my friend and I was like this city is amazing and then like kind of wore off after like a month and things started to get more real. Um And I was like wait, I don't actually like those people. Um Like they never because there's a lot of toxic people here like yeah,
I was
like uh not
yeah, where was that? And then like this like group of friends that I was like hanging out with, I was like they all talked shit about each other, like I don't think I want that.
And then yeah, I was like they're probably talking about me. And then yeah, there was this other group of people that I tried to be friends with and they were so weird and like too cool for school all the time. Like it was like they were to invite me to things all the time. But then when I would come they would be like hey and like barely talk and I would be like trying to make conversation like I'm a pretty like conversational like bubbly
person
and I would like not getting anything back, it was so frustrating.
I don't know what that was. Um Mhm. But yeah, I mean I spent a couple of years figuring out all this stuff,
not well finally jeez I mean I've been in this like crisis because I quit my job in october and
I just like I haven't like I didn't even know what I wanted to do with my life for a while. I um I wasn't even working because my draw my job like traumatized me. Um And so I think it's just the like corporate kind of culture thing is traumatizing and it's like very backstab e and like you have to just like act a certain way and like you kind of just can't be yourself uh and I was just really really unhappy and like I worked you know in an industry that's kind of soulless so I didn't feel good about myself anyways, I was traumatized so I didn't work for like months, months and months after because I just like couldn't bring myself to
care. Um, but I figured it out. I figured I want to be a counselor.
Yeah. It's just like the classic quarter life crisis that everyone kind of goes through I guess. Like so many people do this.
You don't think you're going to have one, but you do and you realize like what actually makes you happy in life. I mean some people, I guess they like they, it works out for them, but I don't know all of my friends have changed directions.
exactly. Um I think it's been 25 minutes actually and I have something to do in like 30 minutes so I need to hop off. But it was really nice to meet you.
You
remind me of your name
Andrea yeah. Wait, okay. I'm gonna write down your juvenile instagram. Okay.
I'll follow you on there.
This
is cool. Like the last person I talked to on this, we also got each other's like info and out of each other like on linkedin and chicks, we want to do the same thing. Um
I know it sounds like this is kind of a cool way to meet people. They like keep pairing me with people I like.
if it comes up because on it, you know, it's like what? 15 bucks is pretty cool
today.
Okay.
So
okay. It's whom it, I'll just spell it. H 00 M. A M.
Under
underscore, wait, no, no, no, not underscore sorry period girl.
I'll see you on instagram. Okay, bye.