Yeah. Hello, can you
hear me?
Oh, so am I the first one you're actually talking to then?
That's cool.
As my first time doing it, I'm new to prolific, so uh
Yeah, that's awesome,
I'm from
step
California, santa, barbara,
okay, nice, opposite ends of the coast.
You
know um that's okay. I know new york city had it really bad at the beginning,
that
Mhm,
I could keep track because we started right at the start time so I can let you know arrest 45 minutes.
Okay, we'll do like 27 minutes then. Yeah.
Well, they might have paired us together because I'm also a graduate student in psychology, so the problem, so a
psych
student,
not yet, I'm in a PhD program here. Um
You're
No,
you
know,
so happy.
Little
bit wow.
Yeah.
while
when
do you
have
now we
have
to do
my
part.
I just
kind
of
the
difference.
There is.
Did
you like it?
Yeah I do
40.
That's the
problem.
The ultimate miracle.
Hello
from
the
people?
Yeah we've been all remote since March and um but yeah I mean you know we do these video chats and after B. A. T. A. For certain college classes it's so I'm used to doing these zoom calls.
What?
just
like you.
Mhm. Oh wow okay
that's not
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm. So I do it's more cognitive neuroscience. I study memory and decision making and kind of the neural networks
that
underlie that yeah, so it's not a clinical research but um we do
I
Mhm. Yeah, I really enjoy it. So basically trying to understand, you know how the brain processes memory or specifically make decisions based off memory because a lot of we know from memories that you know memories are often vague and there's often a lot certainty but you know, you know it's like you're walking down the street, you know pre covid times when you see someone that looks familiar but you're not quite sure you have to you know, do you say hi to the person or you know if you ignore them
risking, you know, offending someone, you know?
I have.
It's more like it's not necessary that spells die. But like neurons, they have like a lot of branches on them. And so the branches kind of maybe I don't want to say die, but they're like less strong. Yeah,
but most of my research is in younger adults, so I don't work with aging before I started
graduate school. I did work with patients with schizophrenia who had, but it's like younger and young young adults still there. Yeah. So I don't really know much about the age older, like alzheimer's or aging how
memory is affected specifically, but
All
Hello?
I mean,
I mean
like
I mean
everything like, you know, even if you're just imagining something like, you know, that's you pulling pieces of former memories into this new image and um, yeah, like paying like people were
like,
The
they're, well, let's say the most famous and memory patient, I was like, hmm, who he had to bilateral hippocampal removal. So they like did this surgery to help his seizures. But they basically took out uh both hit the camp by which are needed to, you know, store memory for long term. So he ended up being completely amniotic so he can't learn any new information. He had like no memory of at least any of his events. And so um
I don't work with patients personally. I just try to understand how it works and I healthy population.
if
you will.
Yeah.
Yeah. Usually, um, it depends on the severity, but usually in schizophrenia they say there's like three types of symptoms. They have like the positive symptoms which are the like hallucinations, solutions, negative symptoms which are things that are absent. So they might like you know, lack of motion or facial expressions sometimes. But the third of these cognitive deficits where like they have memory impairments or impairments being and so a lot of
that.
that's actually kind of hotly debated because you have a lump a lot of things into schizophrenia but there are like subtypes of schizophrenia that are still classic schizophrenia but some are trying to argue that you know, some of these represent the different disease, there were like what's going on differently. So but
as of today it's all under one,
it's mainly like I worked as a researcher before graduate school and that's where I was working with patients. But um but now,
My
report?
Why was
that at?
Show.
Yeah. That sounds, that would be cool.
I'm
all
sane. Yeah.
no.
Thank
you.
no, no one in my
family or friends and uh
they're in like smaller towns and they've been really good about staying inside and stop.
They
are
ha
Yeah. I'm not sure. I mean
because I know like for the flu that because it's like a new vaccine each year. So that's like I know for the flu, the antibodies don't last long, so
Los Angeles.
I'm likely I'm more north of that. So where I'm at, it's in a smaller town, so it's doing all, but there are cases. But
it's like, it's like
then,
that's
like, yeah, it was like there was a couple of weeks
where it was like the sky was just like smoky, luckily it didn't fall to down. So it wasn't like the smoking outside and where I met, there's not fires like immediately close to me, but yeah, it's just tons of smoke. But luckily for I might have been a pies, I've been able to go outside and stuff, but some places it's just like, you know, they can't even go outside because it's too much smoke and ach
yeah, I'm not sure. I just know California
is like always on fire somewhere. The dry here.
neighbors. Arizona,
But
you
know,
the
small
you have a job. Okay.
three o'clock here, sure,
Yeah, it's been about 18 minutes black.
it's fine now.
All
How does that work? Do they do it like every other day or something or like one week?
then
I
know because like in the bay Area in California, that's where a lot of tech companies are. And so all those companies just went full remote and they're considering like a lot of them can just do their work remotely anyway. So there talking about like potentially just always doing this. And so there's been a thing where like, people have been like leaving the Bay area because it's so expensive there because normally that's like where all the tech companies are, but now it's it's all remote, you know people are like now leaving to just work from home in a less expensive area.
that
it
depends
on the L. A. They kind of congregate together so if you're in an area where they're at than it might seem like there's more, but I mean yeah there's a lot of homeless people in L. A. And in California, it's just it's so expensive here and um I don't know saying with new york I bet.
I believe.
That's crazy.
there's
like
do it.
the trainer
um pretty much ever since I was a kid um when I was really young, I lived in Chicago but moved to California when I was like seven or eight years old.
family in Ukraine still
or?
Not in a long time,
Well they have Universal Studios in Orlando but then they have Disneyland in L. A.
there
now
and
I'm
there's 2020 is a crazy year.
Yeah, that's yeah.
Uh my my friends have a work, you know like hindsight is 2020 because that's that's what did you?
So.
Uh Sometimes we like uh just teach like an introduction to stats class for psychology and so section once a week with maybe like 25 students I think. So I do get some teaching experience but it's mainly focusing on research for me.
When
there's a
rare
to find those
but.
it's big,
we are we can stay up for another minute or two just to make sure we Yeah.
Mhm. Um A few months now. Uh We're actually considering because
we're a
lot of yeah,
it might.
When did you start on prolific?
Okay. Do you
think it's been since uh pent damage has started you've seen more studies on here
or? Yeah. It's like all
of it like our research group is considering using prolific or other online research sites of do our studies on.
I agree.
Yeah. No me too.
That's
all
When you know. Well
I'm Evan
to meet you.
So then I'm not sure I work so I just close the browser here and then go back to that original survey that they
Good.
Thanks.
You
too.
You too