her. She'll be hero. She's already all right. You're being videotaped some this time. How do you make the screen bigger? Why are your faces? No, I want, last time I was done there was like this thing was bigger. How do I make it bigger face? No, this it's a bigger. What do you mean the window bigger? What? What do you have any bear? Yeah, okay. You see this window your face. Yeah, you try to make that. Why forget it. I don't think somebody's coming on anyway. I haven't thought, can you hear me?
Hey?
Yeah, I'm just, I was just telling my daughter, I wonder how I can make the screen bigger, but I don't know anyway, doesn't matter. Thank God you showed up. But I did this a while ago, a long time ago and the person didn't show up. I was like, oh bummer.
No, I did this a long time ago and I spoke to a young woman, um, I forgot where she was from. But yeah, that's
Yeah.
Oh, okay. No prolific is great. I made I made a nice amount of money. Doing prolific. It's really, really cool gig. Yeah.
Where you from?
What
state I mean? Yeah.
Oh, where I'm from? New york city.
Yes. Yes, yes, yes. Yes. What did I want to say? How you guys doing with your covid over
there?
At the
beginning we did, yeah. Let me, let me just because I think we got to check our time. We gotta be on here for 25 minutes. Right? So let me say to make sure I know what's amazing, look at the bottom. Okay, so it's 15. All right. So when I get over here, my time four. Okay.
I know. Are you checking the time? When should I check the time? I kind of check the time on my end because you know the first screen where we get to? It has a timer on the bottom so
okay let it go a little bit further over that because they said if you don't if you don't go over 25 minutes that they won't pay us so.
I think this is an interesting experiment um on myself in graduates, well I completed my masters in psychology so I find this interesting this this whole um and look at what they're trying to find out about people by doing this. What do you think?
You
completed
your did you complete your studies yet?
cool. Let me tell you, I give you all the props for doing PhD because I I like I was presented to me but I was like I don't know if I want to go down to
bit, I mean I was like it was difficult at I'm 47 so I started school I was a high school dropout at 17 and I got my G. D. At like 30 something I think it was early thirties. And um then I got my undergrad and my graduate studies recently like about
a year and a half ago I completed my graduate studies and it just felt like I was in school forever. Plus I have four kids. Um
Two of which
are are
college graduates, I have adult kids and my youngest is she's gonna be five next month. So I have a daughter who lives in florida,
she's
She's she's going to be married, well she's living with, her boyfriend is a police officer and she has a bathroom degree in psychology. And my son he lives with me, he's 22 he just graduated his bachelor's in psychology, so everybody in the house is a psychology major. But but my thing is I have an undergrad in criminal justice and my my graduate is wasn't on psychology but I was I was interested in like social work or trauma based uh
like um working with people who who go through trauma and stuff with trauma patients and stuff like that. But then my daughter who's she was gonna be five, she's almost five, she was diagnosed with high functioning autism. So I saw her behavior analysts
work with
her, a b a worker and I was so fascinated
by the
work that they did. I decided
to
do
my
graduate
studies in a b. A applied behavioral analysis. It's really amazing how people with disabilities who have behavioral issues and how through psychology through the different methods and that
you know
they
can help them with reinforcement and all this
other
stuff. It's so it's so interesting.
So the mind as you know, is
so strong.
So
I mean with so many, you know, different ways to make people
feel better about themselves and just help them to be difficult, you know, difficult things that they have to deal with.
So,
but because of the pandemic and because I'm home schooling,
I'm not, you know, I'm doing I'm doing freelance work, I'm doing like editing um any kind of little jobs that I can get on because
for my job
I would
have
to go to clients homes and do therapy with them and that's not possible right now. So, you know, Yeah. So what school are you like your online? Right. I'm assuming everybody every most schools are online now colleges or a graduate student PhD, I mean everything is online. Right?
Soon cause yeah that's what I do
also I do it with my daughter for school. Um I do some you know like other like contract jobs I'm doing collaborating with people helping them on different projects and everything is now online. But speaking
about California
my sister was um she went to USC
for
yeah and then yeah now she's uh she's actually in um Yale law school but she's doing remote. Yeah she she was happy to get away from Connecticut. She did not like Connecticut because that's where yellow you know li l is. So but I've seen the campus, it's pretty cool you
know. Yeah
I wanted to be a lawyer. Can you believe that? I don't know where I got went from law to psychology. But you see the criminal justice part is I was always fascinated. Bye. You know the mind of elect forensics like forensic psychology, I was always what was what area of psychology are you studying?
that is
so cool.
But I think
it's fascinating my daughter with him to that she really enjoyed her neuro uh psychology courses in her and in her undergrad, she really really enjoyed it. She told me she was extremely fascinated by those classes.
It's
but I I find you know what part of memory that I found, I find really fascinating like with traumatic experiences sometimes the mind makes a defense mechanism within it to not allow those memories to resurface. And I myself I'm like I had trauma in my life and I've been in therapy for over 20 years with my therapist and things have come out in therapy that my mind suppressed. Like the memory was suppressed and I found that so interesting, you know, how the mind protects itself, you know, and the memories are protected because it's too traumatic. So fascinating. And also with memory I have um I have people in my family that have been diagnosed and actually die from it. Um Alzheimer's so do do do delve into any of that like disorders with memory that have a lot to do with dementia, getting aging and how the memory process kind of. I find it interesting how as you age
some is it that the part of the brain that has the memory kind of like the cells kind of die as you age or?
They're not as yeah. Okay,
cheap.
Two.
But this that's my husband, He works for the false office
if you see um
there's oh he can't hear because he said hi I'm just telling you. Um No I find um the fact that is it people with like people with certain disorders like psychological disorders plus physical disorders that memory could be an issue with because it really goes into so many different right avenues. It's
such a it's such a like broad right like
range
of things
that are going to.
I forgot
what what was one of the famous scientists um that delved into memory? I don't know. I you know I remember my my graduate school learning about a lot of them well behavioral now so you learn about skinner and junk and a lot of Freud and uh but who who who delved into memory like always like one of those
beginning psychologist I don't even know who was the one? Right.
in your studies you look at Tunisia and how that occurs or that's not that's more of the medical side of it. Right okay.
No I know. Yeah. Well somebody like you mentioned schizo who has schizophrenia,
they
have alterations in their memory right?
Sometimes or distorted I mean they have distorted you know, ideal. So I guess that could be this memory could be distorted as well.
I
also heard there's different like the subgroups within schizophrenia now like paranoid schizophrenia or different. So is it or is it just like one big disorder that they kind of? Yeah.
So
so do you do you like uh for your PhD I do like are you working like with patients or anybody?
One of my professors was a researcher from one of the colleges and he was tough. Oh my goodness. I don't know if you ever have one of those professors like everything has to be exactly what like, like
you know
one of those like everything exactly like some professors give you leeway, but this one was tough because he was a researcher. Yeah. And one of the um professor researcher departments who was the head of the department, it's very difficult, felt
so
um well, I don't remember the like at the school that I went to was Purdue University online, but the college that he was a, you know, a research, I forgot the college that he was working at the university. I'm sorry that he was working at. But I know he was really like, you know, like he graded really rough, like forget it. I mean I came out on the honor roll and everything but his class I was oh my gosh it's pretty I mean I like professors like that because they challenge you and they make you be you know right they make you become better students and better practitioners eventually. So but but right now you know because of the pandemic I'm thinking of going out of my field per se. You know like psychology is such a broad you know just because I didn't want to create a specific right applied behavior analysis. I could I could realistically you can go into something else. Like my college has a career center and they have a webinar for
um people at the C. D. C. Are looking for psychology graduate students you know? Yeah so I was thinking of maybe looking into that you know? Mhm.
Yeah that'd be cool working for them. I mean obviously they need a lot of people right now with what's going
on,
you know?
Well, I don't know if anybody in your family, but my uncle had Covid had Covid, listen, he lives not, I mean, kind of in the next town for me and he was a cancer survivor. So his immune system was kind of, you know?
But but he made it to move it, you know? They have to they have to give them and they had to take him an oxygen
tank
to his house because of the breathing. But do you know anybody that's been affected by Covid like that, Like anybody.
Thank
Yeah.
older kids um they just went to florida to visit my older daughter who lives there and you know, florida, some states. Um I guess because new york is we're better now. Like the cases were starting to kind of inch up again. They're saying the second wave. So they came off the plane they kind of went straight you know they went to get their themselves tested to make sure they don't give it to us. You know my husband and my small daughter thank God they were negative but my daughter's boyfriend just told us he got the antibody test and it came out positive but for the antibody. So he's not. And then they told my I don't know, I don't understand the cover. They say antibodies will last long in your system.
So
in other words you could have been exposed. But your test comes out negative
because the antibodies don't last a certain amount of time. So my question is are you protect, how long is a person protected? I don't know even if they know that.
So.
Yeah. But California you guys were doing pretty not that great for also right for like right that's pretty long.
Los Angeles. Yeah.
Oh how are you guys doing with the fires? I heard the fires were really bad there. Uh huh.
They
said the sky was orange in some places.
It
Well
I don't know. They said what state was it really bad? Oklahoma. Um I'm trying to take what state was it? It was another state right? With the fire is really it wasn't Nevada I'm not sure.
Well
but what's the neighboring state? Like the state that neighbors on my geography? So bad. Um
Yeah. Yeah that that that gets like that I mean that's scary you know um Fire in general scary but to go through that and it's because there's a lot of I guess dry heat and
you
know trees
and you know nature and everything and things just surprised really and people lose their homes right wow. That's hard.
That's so hard.
No but my my my husband's been to Los Angeles L. A. For
sister in law's graduation, I never been to L. A. He's with my mother in law, I've always wanted to visit. There's a time difference like what time is it now? We're at six o'clock now.
you're three hours behind us so what is the time that we're doing? We're doing good on time.
Is it easy to talk? I'm an easy going president. I'm not difficult.
Yeah I'm just today I'm stressed out because I don't know if you've ever had one of those days where you just can't sit down because you have so much to do and I had today was a day like projects galore and going from one thing to another and plus trying to take care of my younger daughter and having her do her zoom meets, you know, google meets with
her teacher, um she does a hybrid school, you know, my daughter, So she's she's half the time she's in school and half the time she's um at home doing, you know online.
Well she's supposed to have twice a week in school and every other week is three times a week, so twice a week and the other three days it's doing it like on the computer and everything, you know, she she has like um this application, this app that she has to go into and she does all her school work there. So yeah, so
I think, I think after this experience most kids are gonna be really good with technology because they're forced into it, you know?
So.
Yeah people live in york because they they fear the high identity, you know there's a lot of people here and they want to go, they want they're moving to more remote areas, a lot of lot of people just leaving you know moving out and um and I've heard of a couple of people that I know that just decided to you know go and live somewhere else that they feel more safer because you know the population in new york city is so
it's a lot everybody is on top of everybody you know. So um but I guess in in um California like san Francisco la those big cities are where it's really no one. My husband told me when he went to L. A. He said I said somehow was L. A. He's like oh the homeless is really bad. It's like worse than Manhattan in new york city. He's like yeah it's worse. I'm like I never thought anything was worse than you know. He's like he thought he just I don't know, he didn't get a good feeling when he was on the streets in L. A. With his mother and he said it was just a lot of homeless people on
the
streets,
Yeah I've heard that new york state and I think, I don't know if I think new york is more expensive but new york and California are the two most expensive states to live in the United States.
Actually I was actually actually looking at a Youtube video, you know because thinking the future we want to move and they said new york, new york state and you know, they said that's the cheapest. One of the cheapest is like Alabama. Yeah, are like, well, I don't know, texas, uh they had Alabama, I think south Dakota those days, some of those states, they said you could rent a house for $300 a month, I was like what?
You can't even rent a boxing, So I was like, oh my goodness, you know, maybe that's the place to go, but a lot of these places, even those cheap, you're out of middle of nowhere, it's
so
rural, there's nothing
around you, you have to like drive like 30 40 miles, you know, to get anything, you know? So
have you lived in California all your life?
I was born in Ukraine actually, so I came when I was two years old, but at that time was 1976 when we came and it was soviet union, you know, because before the wall fell and uh I have no memory of it because I was obviously two years old. But uh I know we lived in Italy Rome for a month and then we came to United States and I'd love to go uh to go back and visit, you know,
I
don't, I think everybody has moved pretty much. I don't even, I don't think we have anybody that I know of any family there because my family, either my mom's sister, Bill to Israel and um other family lives in, you know, most of our family lives either in florida or new york. Like my parents, they lived in your where I live at the, I mean close to the area, I live at like 12 years ago, but they decided to move to florida because my dad's sisters lived there and you know, so florida is really, I don't know if you've ever been to florida, it's uh
but the thing that I see that's similar to California florida, you guys have palm trees, both palm trees I think. Oh you know, but uh I would love to come, I'd like to go to uh Universal, I heard it's huge in California. Universal Studios, that's in L. A. Right,
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So they said Universals in
L. A. You know?
Um But obviously now traveling is really.
No, no. So yeah, so but isn't this crazy politics are happening in our country? Oh my goodness, it's
just too much
nobody wants to do over 2020 that's definitely,
you know? So
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. No. So um also you you said you're like a uss professor sometimes,
like an assistant teacher's assistant. That's cool.
Okay. Statistics was my least favorite class. I just anything math related, I just run the other way because I really do not. I had an amazing professor in my stats class who because she she had her own Youtube videos and explaining and she explained it so well, I don't know if you've ever taken a class with the professor was just amazing the way they thought it was amazing that they made a difficult topic, very easy to understand and
made it fun as well. So that's that's how that's what happened with that. It was uh
is
it
All right. Yeah. My
son in the and one of the colleges he went to, they actually have something, I don't know. All colleges have this rate the professor like, like students write their professors. Yeah. So yeah, it's my daughter. Yeah. So are
we at the 2500?
So how long you do? We're doing? How long are you going prolific some time?
it's
interesting,
you
know, how many studies I've done I've done from from many hundreds and hundreds of studies from different colleges.
I started to this day, I started two years I think, but I didn't take it serious, like in other words, watching it and getting the notifications and being more involved until maybe eight months ago.
And
100%.
Lot
I think the majority will, especially now of universities that are, you know, being funded or whatever on different research, you know that they're using these platforms, you know, And I think it's fascinating because, you know, not only and my contributing to a research project I'm learning as well, it's interesting, you know, um you know the debriefing after the and I know about research, my research class with that profession was so hard. Um every time they tell you know everything, you know the debriefing the I. R. B. Like make sure that everything is ethically, you know correct and just finding out how what's being on trying to be uh the hypothesis I guess to find out what people are trying to prove. You know, it's extremely interesting, you know, for me,
you know, so um I am happy to, you know, contributes
to the to the science,
you know,
to the yeah to the field of science which I'm really passionate about. So
but it was so what's your first name? And my goodness, I'm talking to you for this long and I know your first name,
Evelyn Susan. It was
it was nice to meet you as well. I think we we got to click off and I think we have to answer questions after this. Right?
They'll they'll give you like questions to answer I believe. All right, good luck
with you in your career. I
wish you the
best
of luck to you.