Yeah. Do you have? Oh
hi, how are you?
All right? I was the next, the best thing to do this like all of a sudden, but
we're just supposed to talk for 25 minutes,
whatever.
Yeah, I can hear you say you're fun. Yeah. Mhm.
Uh From north Carolina? Where are you from?
Oh really? Okay. How we end up in L. A.
Okay. Do you like it
I have a few friends to live out there and
or?
Okay. Are you are you working are you in school or what?
What
what Phil
mr America?
You have your like career plans, you know what you want to do or?
Uh A amazon and Ebay business. Um So so like antique collectibles. Um And then I also do part time, I do user experience research. Yeah, similar to this actually a little bit. Um
Yeah I just do uh I just feel like prolific on the side a little bit sometimes just to make a little bit of extra extra extra money. Um You know just kind of like throughout that they do a survey kind of here and there.
Good. I've lived here most of my life um liv lived in D. C. As well. Mhm. Uh
Move back move back down here about eight years ago. And uh
When I lived in D. C. Like every conversation would begin with like where are you from?
Yeah.
I
like hearing different accents from like around the world and all that. It's fun and interesting. Uh Yeah.
So do you uh you think you'll stay out and California?
now.
Yeah.
I like her up in there a few times.
If your if your commute really bad are
also
there.
so.
I've been there uh I like it during winter com uh summer was like just ungodly. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh The longer I've been back in north Carolina, I like the little bit slower pace. Uh
It
Family. Uh No for pretty typical. Um I've got one brother um it was a couple years older, so he has a family. Um All right sir. Typical they were like high school sweethearts or whatever and they've been married for really long time. I
do have like a million uh cousins, mm I've
never like met hardly at all.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean kind of typical family, I don't have a family of my own uh at the moment uh which is fine, it doesn't uh doesn't bother around that, I'm not
in any way.
pretty were eric
well it started at um 1 30 I think
I really have to
we
just shoot
the breeze for the next 15 minutes I guess. But you seem nice so I think we can do that.
Yeah I didn't either. I wasn't sure.
Yeah I mean it asked me did you want to talk now or like schedule something later and I just figured well I've got free time during my lunch right now. Just go ahead and get it over with.
What?
Not not for New Years but when I've been there just like a normal time it seems pretty insane. So I think rest.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I enjoy it usually. Um Although I was like for New Years I was like definitely sick historic virus from one of my nephews and I had like two days where I was just like in dead growing up. Nonstop
hope.
You travel a lot or?
huh. The way the CVD uh places have just exploded in the last
eric
uh That's a good question. Um I mean marijuana's still
it's still illegal. Yeah. Uh
They
Yeah.
I
think,
I mean even in north Carolina, which is it's not as conservative as it used to be, but I mean it's still kind of is culturally, I mean, I think in the next five, 10 years it will be legal in some capacity. Okay.
most
most
people here don't care. Uh
Like if you got a like a flea market here somewhere on the weekend. I mean there are all sorts of people. Uh huh.
I don't really know a whole lot about it, but.
All
Right. Yeah. I mean that is another thing I see just compared to like two or three years ago, how much I see people doing that now.
I smoke like.
Uh huh. No and I had to grandparents who smokes like growing up and my parents like drilled it into me like do not touch okay everything so it's yeah I don't
yeah. So have you have you been like outside of the U. S. But
One uh professors from like I'm a master's degree, he was over there teaching uh they sent him home because the crime situation like on his campus was so bad. It like I just couldn't guarantee anyone's safety and they had to shut the school down. Yeah.
District non
where
they
could
also
like.
I
think.
I've not lived outside of the US, no travel out of the U. S. There are now um Bente UK um Scotland is definitely my favorite place.
And France uh South Korea, Japan, Japan's
like Japan is like the nicest, like most well organized like place
I've ever been. It's yeah, it's just so different from here. I really liked it, it was interesting just it's just so like polite and professional and
just a couple of weeks uh not not very long um that I've been uh Germany, I haven't been haven't been like to africa or Middle East or another in Japan, South Korea, haven't been anywhere else in Asia. Um
Yeah and then I haven't been to the south America. Uh either I would like to do that as well. Um Have a couple of really good friends who live in brazil but uh they warned me about the like the crime situation as well, they're like be very careful if you come here even if you're with us. Uh So
I
like like Scotland, I like like going to like older castles and stuff like kind of a history nerd. Uh So it was interesting to like go see him do that, I'd love to go back again uh sometimes so
um not at the moment uh I'm hoping maybe for the fall to try and maybe to go to like Prague or italy um It's just it's hard to Uh huh
Yeah, scheduled time and all that for it. I mean it's really difficult. Uh I don't know. What about you?
And
we?
all
huh.
Yeah. Do you have a favorite place within the US that yeah
they they get a second
thanks.
You like to gamble or you just like together
world
Uh No like just for fun. I'll bet sometimes on sports but not like
yeah just like just kind of casually like like that just like a little bit of money. Not like anything. Very careful.
I
like
on my twitter feed this morning, a lot of people talking about the bachelor last
pay off,
like Oh okay serious.
I mean there are people who do it professionally but like
I could never be.
So just curious with your like chemistry research and all that. Are you is like cannabis what you're focused on or is that It is? Okay.
We have that here with moonshine there on the mountain a little bit. It's died out a lot, but there's still a lot of older people who to do it in the, I guess A. T. F. Still cracks down sometimes. Uh
No.
Yeah. Yeah. So are you, have you been published yet any of your research?
And.
right. So like just like reading the news casually sometimes like reading like the tension between like local and state governments who have legalized in the federal government who has and then kind of like, well who has the jurisdiction and and
and so forth. Uh huh.
It's
bu smoke yourself or? Yeah.
Uh huh.
Well, I think we're actually at yeah.
Uh yeah, I guess I'm looking at the uh the page on prolific and um yeah, I think I just I think you just click the arrow on the instructions page and that I guess that'll end it. Oh
right. Timer says 25 minutes and 40 seconds.
All right. Well, I genuinely enjoyed talking to you. It was
this
was
like, but it was fun. I really enjoyed it.