Hi.
Good. Thank you. How are you?
I know. So what is this? I'm not sure what we're supposed to be doing.
About what? Just about anything.
Okay. Can you hear me well?
Cool. Your accident? Where is it from?
Cool. I'm from texas but I live in L. A.
My boyfriend lives here.
It's expensive. Yeah. It is like so bad here. Um
That is fun. So
you know
school actually. So I do lab research at caltech right now. So yeah. So
finished
chemistry.
Yeah, I'm wearing my lab coat right now. Yeah. Um
No, not at all actually. Yeah. What about you or what do you do?
Okay. Cool. Cool claw.
Gotcha. How do you like north Carolina?
I like to
and that's where the accents from. It's like a pretty thick accent from like the
that's funny is I guess just like growing up in that specific area of north Carolina, you guys accents or Gotcha
because everyone always expects me to have like a texas accent you know? And like I don't even know because Houston's are really like it's a metropolitan cities you know so so I don't know how accents developed but I never got one from texas and I kind of wish I did because it's kind of a conversation starter you
know?
Cool.
Yeah I know. I I lived in philadelphia. Um So I did east coast. I hated the winter unfortunately I hate
the snow. Um Black ice bad. Uh So I don't know um really liked the travel from the east coast though like being able to go to new york or to D. C. Boston was only you know I mean boston is like the good flight you know? Uh
So everything in texas is really spread out, Everything California is pretty spread out to those so I don't know I've only been here for like less than a year. So yeah I like the like Citi field from uh like Philly D. C. Boston new york you know So I don't know maybe Denver but Denver's pretty cool to uh.
Yeah L. A. Is definitely very like superficial uh and stuff like that which I'm not a big fan of but I do like the weather and I do like the beaches so.
No it's not.
No.
Yeah I mean I do drive and everybody here does think that they're like on fast and furious or something. Yeah they think that they like there is a lot of like sports cars and stuff on the road I think more than usual places but like you we are not on a movie set on
the freeway ever. Everybody thinks that which is so odd. Um But I guess it's just an L. A. Thing because that wasn't true in Houston or in Philly or maybe Miami I don't know I am very young so I feel like I have like a lot of yeah like I think Miami would be cool. It can be kind of like a city vibe.
Too hot. Really.
Yeah. Yeah. That's definitely like, yeah that's kind of something. I feel like the east coast just had like a little bit of a slower pace. Kind. I don't know because there's like so many different types of people and stuff like that. Um California definitely has like a lot of families which I wasn't expecting so many suburban
communities and stuff like that which I'm not like crazy about. Um Yeah. Do you have a big family?
Look look.
Yeah, me too.
That's interesting.
So
even imagine. Well of course,
how do we know and has passed?
Okay. It's
have you
California?
That's
Yeah. Not to, I didn't really know how this is gonna work out,
but I was just like, why not? I mean,
yeah, I came back so the school year at caltech doesn't start until like for another two weeks, but I came back because I wanted to spend New Year's here in California. It was my boyfriend, which was terrible. Like let me just say because I I wanted to do is watch fireworks, but California's so overpopulated that like anywhere you go, there's gonna be a million people. Um So it was pretty intense but it was interesting. Um
I wonder what Vegas is like for New Year's because I feel like it must be insane. I mean,
Did you get holiday season? Are you into the holidays or?
I traveled on New Year's Day. So. No, no, no New Year's Eve on the 31st time
I had like a six a.m. Flight from Houston to L. A. And it was there's, I think there was like legit like 10, 6 people like sitting by all around me because I just felt like everybody was like coughing and I was scared that I was gonna like cunt something serious. But no, I didn't, I I ended up fine
unfortunately. Yeah. I don't know the end of last year. I was like I flew like every other week from one place to another. Yeah. Um So also on the side to like cannabis research and stuff like that, I went to the marijuana business conference in Vegas like the week two weeks before the holidays and it was just insane. Um And then also Child billy.
I know,
it's so interesting. Yeah. What is north Carolina's? What do you, where are you guys at right now with all of that
illegal?
I went back home to texas
for the holidays and then there it's like very illegal. I'm assuming probably texas and north Carolina are similar. Um
even though they have been getting more relaxed with it, it's still illegal. You can't sell or anything like that versus California, which California is like the market is so big. Um This black market, there's legal market as well. Um And you have like all the cultivators here, so it's just crazy. So it's really interesting to see um California going through it because I feel like hopefully all the rest of the states follow and start making as much money as California is
making
because
I mean, it has to I mean everybody
doing
it
really. That's good. And it has there is a lot of like um my boyfriend's dad who he's older, he's like in his like late sixties I want to say. Um And he has like you know some like health conditions and stuff and he like just is C. B. D. S number one supporter like is like that just changed my life and I'm just like that's kind of weird. But I mean, you know, he's kind of like more old school and he's so passionate about it. So it definitely gives me like some hope that hopefully, you know, if it is helping people, I mean why not? You know, and there's like
That's so interesting. Mhm.
I know. I know it's interesting because you know, there's just a lot of holes I think still within the market there's a lot of ways for people to get in it, you know that's why the there was a whole Vape crisis and stuff like that, which I could talk about that all day, so that's
kind of funny that we have to talk about 25 minutes. It's just you know, I mean I think there's probably things that you can talk about all day too.
Do you do any like nicotine or? Um
that's good.
that's cool. That's that's good though. I mean, yeah, nick I mean cigarettes.
Um I've actually lived abroad for a year, my junior year of high school, so I mean old, but a couple years ago I lived at in Johannesburg South Africa. I know, yeah, I really threw myself out there in high school. Uh So it was a good experience, I mean.
I mean so I went I was there like in 2013. So crazy how time flies. But you know it's been a while or 2012. And I lived in like I mean it's just like very like racially segregated like you know so I was like pretty shocked at that. Um And I was in high school and I really fit in um I'm like of mexican descent so I have like straight hair, nobody really knew. Like people think I'm asian kind of because of my eyes. I know. I know and then I have my accent, I had an american accent so it was like everybody was like very like who is this like you know but very I think because I was like a young girl very nice to me, I don't know. Um And I lived with a family that was like from there, you know? So it really helped but yeah I could definitely, you know like at night nobody was out on the streets or anything like that and then it's just like crazy like how like segregated like when you left like a neighborhood you definitely knew you were leaving that neighborhood and then when you got into you know? So yeah. Yeah it was interesting, have you ever seen that movie? Um there's this movie, oh I can't remember the name of it, but it's like it takes place in south africa and
yeah, have you
seen
it?
That's
actually kind
of accurate, you know? And isn't that that's accurate, you know? I watched it while I was living there and I was just like this is kind of scary like but it's kind of accurate just because it's like animals or were they like aliens? I don't remember but they
were
really like humans and I was just like, this is weird but it's pretty accurate too. Like what, what was going on there at the time? I think now, you know, with more generations like growing up and stuff it's gone better. But you know, what about you, have you lived anywhere outside of the U. S.
Okay, and I'm in my account. Thank you.
What?
So
how long were you there for?
There's so it's a really good places that I hear. South Korea is a pretty amazing place to go visit Japan. I mean obviously.
I think definitely Asia somewhere, I mean I've been to the only place in europe have been to Barcelona, which and it was a great experience, but I do want to go to London for a long time, it was like kinda against going to europe but now um I kind of, you know, I think it would be cool to see some of those like cool or like Ireland like all the game of throne scenes
and stuff.
Do you have any trips planned for 2020
coordinate?
I'm a bit tired. He really wants
to go
to Hawaii for like a tropical vacation. We've done a lot of like within the states traveling together but we've never traveled like out of the country. So he says like that would be like next level um like doing that together but we live together so you know, he's like pretty tall so he hates flying long flights so he doesn't want to do anything like that's going to take too long to get to.
So like we either Hawaii or Mexico like Cancun or uh
another one. Kabo maybe. I don't know. We haven't found it yet though. But he's like pretty sad ongoing. Some you know,
Vegas probably
the first time I went which was like maybe 23 years ago. Um
I was just like shocked at how great of a place it was and that had existed, you know, it's just like kind of the craziest. Mhm. Like you have so much to do and so much to eat and so much to see, you know, all within like 10 miles. I don't know how big it is but it's like pretty small.
No, I gambled one and I was like $300 but
that's like I know, so it was a good one time experience but I'm not a big, I'm not I don't think I would win and I don't have like the strategy to like be poker and stuff. Do you do that?
Oh do you do the fantasy football? Do you follow that?
Fantasy football all of the ball season? Very seriously, so I'm still ready for it to be over like oh my gosh and he did win you know like on and off like so it wasn't like a losing streak or anything like that but just it's just so much time of like having 10 best to research players and it's all like you know it's like I don't know it makes sense. Um But hey that girl from the bachelor won a million dollars. So yeah he was like telling me if she can do it
like maybe
you.
I know
Yeah she won a million dollars. She won like the night Kings or something, I don't know. But like her boyfriend also like was competing or like put in entries so they're saying that it might have been collusion. I don't know though. I mean.
Yeah. I mean I mean obviously if somebody's winning a million dollars like
I know
yeah it's a lot of an investment to like me when but I guess it's a jackpot. That's like I feel. Yeah.
Uh It has like since moving to L. A. Like that's what I've been researching, it's kind of a dangerous industry. Um And it still has a lot of like old school kind of you know not ideology but just like practices like the practices are kind of old school so um.
That's interesting. That's kind of I think that's kind of like how I would describe. I mean it's not like the Wild West
as much as I'd been like in previous years but still like it's pretty interesting to see um Like some of just the crazy things people do, like we legit got a sample and it had like glue, a sample of desolate and have like glue in the center of it. Like Elmer's glue, which is like so dangerous, you know? Yeah, because then they're selling this to like people out in black market territories. Um and you know, making a profit off of it and then it's like it could potentially harm someone, which is crazy. So.
No, no, I mean the regulations on it are still
like not super black and white, like it's, there's a lot of like fuzzy areas um in terms of uh federal funding and stuff like that. So it's, I mean it's interesting but there's definitely a lot of like movement happening right now within the, that's why it's been interesting for me to see. Um but I don't know if like in five years I'll be doing this we'll see you know.
it's all
because they could come at any time and just like shut down practices which is like you know it's like a whole persons like life is you know so that kind of sex for a lot of people but at the same time it's you know with more time there's more and more like legal like
established um businesses that so that's been nice to see like and hopefully that's what you know the rest of the U. S. Will we'll adopt.
You know occasionally recreationally. Yeah. Yeah in college I did like a lot which is kind of crazy but you know it was college and I went to a private school so like we would be on campus like by the trees and like the security would be roaming by but like it was like fine you know, because you're like on a private because of the East Coast. I don't know why, you know, it probably wouldn't have been the same in texas. But um I was lucky to have been have gone to school in Philly, you know? And have that. Yeah.
Yeah.
do we just stop here?
Mhm. So is your timer? What's your timer at
all? Right. Cool, awesome.
Me too. Good luck with all your
turned
up.
me too. Bye.