SPEAKER_L: Yeah please. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Oh boy. But okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Something like this mm. Yeah. Yes. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: look Yeah can you hear me? Okay
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Sounds good to be doing
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty good. Are you?
SPEAKER_L: good thanks.
SPEAKER_R: What's your name? What's
SPEAKER_L: What's that?
SPEAKER_R: your name?
SPEAKER_L: Uh manganese blue?
SPEAKER_R: Look
SPEAKER_L: How about you
SPEAKER_R: my name's josh
SPEAKER_L: josh?
SPEAKER_R: nice to me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you too. I really like your shirt. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Thanks. It's I stole it. There's a shirt you can buy. Do you wanna do you know what uh X. K. C. D. S. So there's a comic for X. K. C. D. That says something like this with a graphic and then when I would be out of so many people would say that they liked it that I had you know other shirts made that said basically the same thing. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Some dude and we need more of that right now too. We need more science
SPEAKER_R: yes that's true. Actually this shirt is pretty old. I have not wearing this out to recently so
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: um I think the people who need to hear it though are most pretty good at ignoring it right now so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: found that to be
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: true in my experience
SPEAKER_R: trying.
SPEAKER_L: unfortunately. All right.
SPEAKER_R: do you work in Stone? Okay
SPEAKER_L: sort of um I am married and my wife her job has allowed her to work from home. Um and I used to have I worked in a lot of the office jobs and a couple of years ago I just burned out and my wife said well I know you want to write novels so why you do that? I can take care of us both. So that was two years ago and that's a very uh um she is not lying, she is more than happy
SPEAKER_R: What I would
SPEAKER_L: to be
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: doing this. And it's really cool. So I actually wrote A
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: 600 page novel
SPEAKER_R: Probably.
SPEAKER_L: that I'm trying to edit and it's uh it's a beast sort of work from home, but I haven't earned any money yet,
SPEAKER_R: That's that's impressive that you wrote six I mean to write 600 pages of one coherent thing it's you know up quite a feat
SPEAKER_L: especially with my brain, so Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I think for anyone.
SPEAKER_L: well, and I'm not a I'm not an outline. Er So I just kind of like, right, and it works for me because it's not like some sort of rigid uh you know, plan on following. It's sort of like, well what would happen next? What feels like it would happen next? Um Yeah, it's a it's really fun and I'm I'm
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: happy with it, I hope something happens with it, but if not cool, I accomplished something that I'm proud of it. So that's that's not something I would have said a few years ago.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I mean what kind of book is if
SPEAKER_L: All right. It's it's definitely fiction and it's pretty much like just everything I like. I just put in a blender and I wrote a book that I went, oh, I'd like to read this. So um but it's part it's like a comedy horror adventure and it's about these uh dogs in this whole neighborhood and there's a just like kind of lovecraft ian monster that wants the dogs to like become up risers against humans. But
SPEAKER_R: give me give me an example of a book the H. P. Lovecraft Row like what is this most famous books again? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: he did The Call of Cthulhu. Um If you ever saw the re animator movie, he
SPEAKER_R: Oh were you animators based on H. P. Lovecraft? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: and in the Evil Dead movies, the necronomicon is it was a creation of his, so he always has monsters that are like beyond human comprehension that try if you tried to like see them. Like people sometimes like lose their minds just because it's psychologically. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Have you seen the movie? It follows it?
SPEAKER_L: Dude,
SPEAKER_R: Would that be Canada's Lovecraft in potentially?
SPEAKER_L: you know um I mean I guess in the way that sometimes the monsters are, they're basically like unkillable and so that kind of tracks with it follows for sure. Um It's usually much more of a like um I'm trying to think of a really like, did you ever see Hellboy?
SPEAKER_R: I have seen how Boy it's been a while. That's the one with Ron Perlman. Right That was in the movie. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There's a part in the beginning of the first one where they're trying to like rip a hole in reality and you see like it's like a light goes into that portal and the light is teeny tiny against this huge giant monster that you only kind of see parts of it. And so that's that's Lovecraft inspired to uh
SPEAKER_R: Okay so maybe like a little more cabin in the woods have you seen that movie? But
SPEAKER_L: cabin in the woods is awesome. I'm cornered.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry
SPEAKER_L: So Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: although kevin Woods has the whole satire part which I don't think is love caffeine, right?
SPEAKER_L: Oh right, right. Um Yeah, but but the
SPEAKER_R: But the whole thing about the end that they're all doing this thing to keep the all that basically everything going to hell and there's all this machine of you know, just basically evil built up to stop more evil is uh I don't know, I need to read, I haven't read probably since I was in high school anything from HBO, he writes mostly short stories to write.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah. I think almost all of them, I think the one, the big one, the Call of Cthulhu is um that's probably like the most well known and it has like the most influence and um, but I haven't, I know it was a book, but there's a show on HBO now called Lovecraft Country and I guess it's part like I just started last night, I didn't watch it yet, but it's like part horror and then part like it's about the experience of like black americans and it's kind of a mesh of those two. Looking forward to
SPEAKER_R: Was
SPEAKER_L: that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: H. P. Lovecraft Black?
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no, in fact, um he is, there's no defending it, but he had some pretty racist views. The reason it's not a defense, but just the reason why was he was raised by some very paranoid. I think it was just his mother, she was very paranoid. She kind of instilled that fear of paranoia in him to the point where he was, he was afraid of black people as he was of like air conditioning and things because he just never encountered it and he uh you know, and that's one of his biggest themes. In fact it's, I forget if it's a quote from the story, but he says like the oldest human emotion is fear and the oldest fear is fear of the unknown. So it's kind of interesting how that was him and like his experience. And then also that's just a universal fact. Like if we don't understand something, it's generally like we're afraid of it instead of like welcoming something new or different. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The other the other you know that that kind of feeling down
SPEAKER_L: absolutely, absolutely. And what's interesting is he even wrote a story where the main character thinks he's normal and then he finds out, oh I'm the other, I'm the freak that is scaring people away and when you, like, he
SPEAKER_R: two,
SPEAKER_L: died in his thirties or early forties or something. Um and he had other writer friends, like robert Block is one of my favorites. He wrote the novel psycho. Um he's really cool, but he was one of the people who was kind of like, you know, I think
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: views are just based on
SPEAKER_R: myself
SPEAKER_L: your, you know what, you don't know. And so he started to come around later in
SPEAKER_R: terrible,
SPEAKER_L: his life, um which is good and again, it doesn't excuse that other stuff, but it's really interesting and I think it's almost beneficial to see how someone can be like unreasonably scared of something and, and kind of approaching, like, I want to talk to you about like, you know why racism is bad. So let's approach it from the way, like, you don't understand it, you don't understand a group of people. So let's not like freak you out, let's just start finding similarities and then it's like see everybody's basically the same, we all have the
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: same
SPEAKER_R: world
SPEAKER_L: feelings and stuff, it's just a
SPEAKER_R: people,
SPEAKER_L: it's an aesthetic ethnic issue that doesn't have any bearing on a person, um their character, their feelings anyway, God,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I rambled a lot, telling
SPEAKER_R: that's cool, that's cool. Yeah, no, I'm into I'm not I haven't spent read as much like horror and sci fi as I would like to um but I really like, you know, I used to read a bunch of steven Kane and I've watched lots of horror movies. I think the whole genre is interesting. I think it's interesting that the people who like that stuff like the one of the most stable genres of cinema watchers, like you can make a crummy horror movie that cost like no money and they will still make like, you know, some 10 millions of dollars and so you have all the famous actors who they just want to break out and they all you know, so they get better actors sometimes than like other things and especially now because those are kind of like the independent movies because they don't make a lot of like the the indie dramas and stuff, but they just keep making the Indy horrors and the indie um Maybe it's not pure horror about like you know, the scary movies and stuff like that. So I think I think it's really interesting the whole the whole dynamic. I mean I like the stories too because there's all there's different types you know and everything so um
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so I was curious. Yeah like what what do you think are like the best, what are your favorite um like or like you know movies? Um obviously like re animator,
SPEAKER_L: The every animators great uh evil that too is one of my favorite john Carpenter's, the thing is awesome um and I love um like italian horror movies, I don't know if you've watched very many of those, but
SPEAKER_R: what would be an example? I don't know if I know them by that. Oh
SPEAKER_L: like there's a guy named lucio fulci who did um oh man, he will, his most famous one problem, arguably it's just called zombie and if you've ever heard of or seen, that's the one where zombie fights a shark underwater. Yeah, and it's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: a real shark, It's crazy. It's one of the craziest things, but, and then one that really kind of factors into my book is called The Beyond and it's um, it's kind of lovecraft in a way because it's like this doorway to hell and people, it's so hard to describe because italian horror movies almost feel like dream like, and sometimes that uh Italians when they make movies, um, and they've been doing this for years. This is why I like you watch like the good, the bad and the ugly and it's like why is everything dubbed? It's because Italians would um film a movie without recording the audio because it's cheaper. So that's why like even Clint Eastwood looks like he's kind of dubbed and it's because he is, he's dubbing himself. So in, in the italian horror, it everything feels very kind of like dream like and the people are all talking like sometimes a little out of sync and that makes it feel like a dream and then the the kills and stuff are like damn near operatic. They're like over the top, there's like spraying blood weird. Uh it's like it's obviously fake more, but it's also disturbing and like this weird kind of uncanny value. Uh and I love those. I don't I don't know what well no, I just said what it is that I like. Um But yeah, I'm really not, I'm really not picky. I the biggest sin a movie can
SPEAKER_R: Are. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: commit in my view is being boring because I've seen a lot of bad movies that like you said, there's a lot of heart in it and people put their blood sweat and tears and they're doing something happy, they're making something they enjoy instead of being like a cynical um you know, just I'm out to make a buck and everything, it's it's
SPEAKER_R: You don't
SPEAKER_L: fun
SPEAKER_R: want to.
SPEAKER_L: and that in comedy or kind of like they have those um reactions, like it's like either you're scared or you're not, you're laughing or you're not and even if you're not scared or laughing, you can still like appreciate it if you're at that level. But I think those two things are really divisive just because of how subjective everyone feels about laughter and fear and uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they can be polarizing like some people just have strong opinions about, even if movies are pretty uh low stakes things to have opinions about, so it can still be fun just in the same way that like people like to disagree about sports and stuff like that to. Um But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I know what you're saying. It's kind of a yeah I do think it's a train. Yeah. Comedy is that way too. I don't I don't have as much I mean obviously I have like you know certain movies they're like I I really like like the Judd apatow that whole you know those guys the whole when they made all those movies and stuff like that. But uh yeah I don't know if it is it is really interesting to think about like um you know how you there's so many different ways to like um produced like those things like some people like you say they really are more like top down and then other people like are more bottom up or they have like their somewhat more biographical and then they leave their friends stories and they make them all into the same, you know they tell much stories through the same characters. And so I think that's what's cool about it is that there's so many ways to, you know, create something that other people can relate to and doesn't have to be like, you know, part of the thing is like discovering how to make it is like the, you know, the interesting stuff about it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, and I even um I even kind of like struggled for a while and with um like I'd be writing something to go, oh man, this sounds like this thing I like or it's this thing I like and I kind of had to, it took me like a little bit of reading and watching Youtube videos to reassure me like everybody's like, it's going to happen, those things that you like are going to come through in it and unless you're like out to go, I'm gonna rip this off, like that's your, whatever. It's usually just that your subconscious using stuff and you could give to people the same premise and it'll go in like wildly different directions. So I kind of push that away and, and just looked at it more of like, these are my influences and especially in the book, I have all kinds of like movie references and stuff. It's like, it's pretty clear, this is my jam, so I'm not out. It made me feel a lot better that way. So
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Yeah, I'm really impressed that. I don't know if I could write 600 pages about one thing that was not uh like, you know, that was totally, I mean maybe I could, but I probably couldn't do it in a very, you know, it probably take me 10 years to do something like that. So you have to really like it. That would be other things. You have to really know what you like and really be super passionate about it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I appreciate that. That's, that's um yeah, I appreciate it. And, and part of my worry too was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna leave my corporate world or whatever you want to call it and start on this. I really hope I stuck to stick with it and I, I've never worked so hard and so consistently in my life and it just was like, oh yeah, look at when you actually like what you're um yeah,
SPEAKER_R: There's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: a whole whole other level to your perform. I'm like, I'm I'm not, you know, I'm relating to what you're saying as you're talking about it. So I have never written a book, but you know, I started um you know, multiple businesses and um you know, I have done uh you know, like creative things with like software and stuff like that where I felt like, you know, if I solve the problem that was like really hard and there was nothing to do it that needed to be done. And so a lot of the same things kind of apply because you sort of know you're here and this is where you are and it seems really far away and you do a bunch of stuff to go towards it. Sometimes you're like, oh, this is really stupid, like this doesn't work and then you have to like, but then at least, you know, we're not to go or you know like, oh what I really trying to do here is more like this. And so I have, if I have to redo all this and so it's like a whole bunch more work, but you know, because you don't get lucky and just get to find the right path like, you know, the
SPEAKER_L: told
SPEAKER_R: first time. But if you did that, it wouldn't be as interesting either because then you wouldn't have the, you know, like the reflection and sort of, you know, the, you know the sort of the question of like what am I actually trying to do here? What did I think I was trying to do? But what I actually want to do and stuff like that. So I think that's that's always like really interesting. It's like a never anything. And so that's why I think it's great. It's like once you do it you can do it over and over and over again and you just get better at it.
SPEAKER_L: totally
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's
SPEAKER_L: what is it like failure is just practice for success or something like that,
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: like and learning not to, if you do something that doesn't work not to just go well that sucks and throw it away. It's like I'm going to put it aside because maybe I can use it for something else or this will solve a problem that I don't have yet or something and,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: what, that's what the one of the guys who started google larry page, he says that People think that you either fail or succeed but really it's hard to fail 100% of something, even if you only succeed 1% you learn something in the 1% so that if you do that over and over again, you add it up in the compounds then it can turn into something. That's what they they started google because he had a dream one night about that like um that he could put the entire internet on one computer. So he woke up from his dream and he told one of his friends and you know you won't be able to do that. So he's like, well, let's just try to do it. So they started trying to do it and then eventually they're like, well, what can we do this thing? They turned it into, you know, how can we search it and do a better search and stuff like that? So, uh, but it wasn't like he decided like, oh, I'm going to make a better search engine or something like that. It was just this thing that happened and he just pursued it a little bit more each step and turned into something different than he would have thought that it did. Um, and then, you know, that obviously benefited a whole bunch of other people from, you know, doing that, which is like kind of amazing. I mean, would we even behavior able to have this conversation right now if he hadn't done that one thing? So I don't know. Yeah. It's kind of weird.
SPEAKER_L: no, that that's a good point, I didn't think of it that way. That's really good. I'm not sports guy by any means, but my um, my wife and I watched that Michael Jordan documentary. Uh
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Last ants. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So good. Did you watch it
SPEAKER_R: I watched it twice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: right on man? Well, you know how he like how like um somebody else's doubt or conflict would just fuel him and like when people would kind of like needle him on something, how other people just sort of stand back and like, alright, you asked for, but how good a motivation is it to just go like somebody tells me I can't, I'm going to do it. Why not? So that's a really good lesson to learn. You know, and I relate so much to like the greatest basketball player ever lived. There's so many similarities to meet now. I'm just getting, but yeah, it was, it was really cool.
SPEAKER_R: But that's I think that's what it's like. It kind of starts because every little kid who won with Michael Jordan and started being like Michael Jordan, he started out being wanted to be like, you know, remember what they said, but like dr j a little bit and then he said some other guys who he was, but I think everybody, you know, and then eventually he sort of took it to another level, you know, I found him. But that's because he found his own way and he listened to the way that he thought that it should be done, not the way that, you know, his idol or whoever was going to do it. But first he started from the one thing until I got a certain point and then yeah took it somewhere else. But you were going to ask the question I'm sorry I interrupted
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: that's okay. Um What?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well I guess we just, I mean we have a few more minutes but we can either talk longer if you want or dude, if you want to um I can give you my name and you can look me up on facebook or something. I don't know. Do you use facebook?
SPEAKER_R: I don't use I use twitter.
SPEAKER_L: So what why do you do uh if you want I can give you my uh my twitter handles. I have to but. Uh huh. Um One I used it's MR spelled out so it's Mr liu L. O U.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? U. M. I. S. T. E. R. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And uh that's the twitter account. I used to watch all the movies like new to me the first time I've seen the movie and then in the description there should be a link to my other page and whenever I start getting ready to actually
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: carol.
SPEAKER_R: something like your book? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sort of a placeholder and I'm trying to do some stuff in the meantime that um but I just haven't, every the last few months have just sort of like mentally Stalled me like 70%, so I'm trying to get back to that place, but uh
SPEAKER_R: it's it's weird I almost don't even remember what before and after.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, before for uh you know, I was going to ask to tell me about yourself, I I talked most of this time, I'm sorry, but uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh no that's okay. Um Yeah I mean I think I talked a little bit about a little bit about sort of what I do but yeah so I worked in a uh you know I studied like E. And C. S. And I went and worked for internet startup
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: and uh I got recruited to work at a hedge fund and then I like that and I got an idea from there to do something for myself and I started my own business like maybe 10, well technically it was like 13 years ago I guess. Um And so um yeah I have like a small software company and financial services and doing it for a long time and uh there's more to it than that, but that's all I want to sort of say and
SPEAKER_L: What? Fair enough.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so that's that's what uh but I also like um I'm interested in movies and stuff like that, I have some friends who um are much, at least one of them is much uh you know hugely, he's not he's not entrepreneur anymore, but um anyways, he and another, one of my friends tried to make a movie from a book which maybe you have read because it's a little bit horror, it's uh Karla Griffis, the dwarf. That's right,
SPEAKER_L: don't that doesn't sound familiar, but I can definitely, Was it a book that they read or they read that they wrote or did they like license it or
SPEAKER_R: they, well parliament has won the Nobel prize in Sweden for or
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: the Pulitzer or something, I don't know before, I don't know if it was for this book or heard his whole work, but this is one of his most famous books, this is the dwarf. Um It takes place in like in medieval Italy and it's about this um these two kingdoms, it's based, it's loosely based upon like whoever was the Prince for dream Leo and our defenses time in Italy. Um And so
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: there's these battles going on between, you know, this city state and like another city state and the prince has this dwarf who's like his uh friend or something like that. Um and they, so that the tour was basically evil and so he goes around and tries to meet all these different people in the kingdom, influence the prince. Um It's very uh so yeah they optioned the rights to it from the La Griffis family and they actually got Peter english, read the script and signed on to be on their script until he got game of Thrones, game of Thrones having first. And that character is so similar to this character. I don't know if I'll make it anymore, but they also they also got David Gordon Green to sign on to make it. Um So yeah, so they wrote an adaptation from this guy that they went to college with who is right or for like maxim or something like that. So he wrote the first version of it and that's what they used to get, You know um Peter Dinklage and David Gordon Green and then um but just like you know it's like so many movies like things like stall out for like you know what 10 years, whatever. so I don't know or make it and there's all these things because so I went to that meeting for all these things like all this is really interesting. Can I go? So I want to like Sweden when we try to raise money for it from people in Sweden. Um We got invited to go to cans and I met David Gordon Green, I didn't, I never met Peter Dinklage, but it was interesting because they were talking about adopting net and like the it's a really short book, it's like less than 200 pages and it's very like simple um and it's got a lot of like psychological things, but the trick I guess was like the dwarf doesn't, he's always like a force of evil, so he's more of an archetype than he is a character because he doesn't like have an arc. Um So, but because everything is from his point of view, it was like hard to fit into a traditional movie for that, so it's interesting here to hear the different professional people like talk about how you can do this because it was like, it's, you know, it's and sometimes it was sort of like solving like um you know, like the caribbean equation or something like that because it was like, it doesn't fit like a standard solution and so I don't know, it was it was just it was it was it was interesting part of it, so yeah, definitely. I'm not checking your twitter for certain.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, sweet. Right. On man. No, and I'll check out that book and David Gordon? Green's awesome. Um So that would especially like, well I don't want to say especially because it's just different but his early movies were such good like character study dramas and then he made was it Pineapple Express and it was like this is awesome and yeah and then the Halloween that he and Danny Mcbride did was they really was happy with that.
SPEAKER_R: that's the most, Is that the most recent one that came out? I didn't know that he was and I knew the demon for I was, but I didn't know that he was involved with that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he directed it and then they both co wrote it and it's like it's like if they pretty much ignored all the Halloween Sequels, it's like you watch the original and then this one and um like Jamie lee Curtis isn't it
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I liked it. I think I've seen it more than
SPEAKER_L: stupid?
SPEAKER_R: once. I have to go watch it again that I see that David Gordon Green is in it. But I remember because when, when, when we came out that he wanted to be associated with this movie that that that I helped with for a little bit. And then we went to new york to meet him and we started like, I knew that I had seen at least one thing that he did, but we watched all of his early films and I was watching his films and I'm like, oh, this guy like loves Terrence Malick because you could just see all the films seem like they're like, you know, uh like ensemble pieces that are character studies and they're kind of like dreamy, like poetic, uh don't have like a real hard core narrative where you have like strong clear motivations and everything about what's happening to figure out a lot of stuff out. So I thought was interesting then yeah when I saw it lightly but he did that like I think it's called Snowbirds or something like that like that back in sales then. Yeah. Um Snowing, Snowing and Jill or something. I remember what it's called.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I thought the same thing with Pineapple Express is I'm like wow this is really different for decor dream but it was pretty great movie. Yeah. Well I don't want to take up too much of the time but I really enjoyed talking to you all right. Yeah, I'm going to check out your twitter and I hope that you you know, I'm really excited for you. I mean really? I don't know if I've ever met someone who is just Ever just stopped what they were doing, a written a 600 page book. So that's that's that's insane. But you did it so congratulations
SPEAKER_L: Well if you if you
SPEAKER_R: the people
SPEAKER_L: ever,
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: you know we'd chat on twitter or whatever if you're ever interested, I'm happy to send you a few chapters. If you'd like to check it out or give me feedback or just flip through and go meet and throw it away. Like if you ever want to do that, let me know with no pressure. So
SPEAKER_R: Sure. Yeah. I would like to do that actually exactly when if I do it right now, but I would like to do that. So
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna I'm gonna look you up nice scraping lulu. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: You too josh. All
SPEAKER_R: Have a great night.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too, man. Take care.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks