Yeah please. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Oh boy. But okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Something like this mm. Yeah. Yes. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Sounds good to be doing
good thanks.
What's that?
Uh manganese blue?
How about you
josh?
Yeah you too. I really like your shirt. Mhm.
Yeah. Some dude and we need more of that right now too. We need more science
because
found that to be
true in my experience
unfortunately. All right.
sort of um I am married and my wife her job has allowed her to work from home. Um and I used to have I worked in a lot of the office jobs and a couple of years ago I just burned out and my wife said well I know you want to write novels so why you do that? I can take care of us both. So that was two years ago and that's a very uh um she is not lying, she is more than happy
to be
doing this. And it's really cool. So I actually wrote A
600 page novel
that I'm trying to edit and it's uh it's a beast sort of work from home, but I haven't earned any money yet,
especially with my brain, so Yeah,
well, and I'm not a I'm not an outline. Er So I just kind of like, right, and it works for me because it's not like some sort of rigid uh you know, plan on following. It's sort of like, well what would happen next? What feels like it would happen next? Um Yeah, it's a it's really fun and I'm I'm
happy with it, I hope something happens with it, but if not cool, I accomplished something that I'm proud of it. So that's that's not something I would have said a few years ago.
Thanks.
All right. It's it's definitely fiction and it's pretty much like just everything I like. I just put in a blender and I wrote a book that I went, oh, I'd like to read this. So um but it's part it's like a comedy horror adventure and it's about these uh dogs in this whole neighborhood and there's a just like kind of lovecraft ian monster that wants the dogs to like become up risers against humans. But
he did The Call of Cthulhu. Um If you ever saw the re animator movie, he
and in the Evil Dead movies, the necronomicon is it was a creation of his, so he always has monsters that are like beyond human comprehension that try if you tried to like see them. Like people sometimes like lose their minds just because it's psychologically. Uh huh.
Dude,
you know um I mean I guess in the way that sometimes the monsters are, they're basically like unkillable and so that kind of tracks with it follows for sure. Um It's usually much more of a like um I'm trying to think of a really like, did you ever see Hellboy?
Yeah. There's a part in the beginning of the first one where they're trying to like rip a hole in reality and you see like it's like a light goes into that portal and the light is teeny tiny against this huge giant monster that you only kind of see parts of it. And so that's that's Lovecraft inspired to uh
cabin in the woods is awesome. I'm cornered.
So Yeah, I
Oh right, right. Um Yeah, but but the
Uh Yeah. I think almost all of them, I think the one, the big one, the Call of Cthulhu is um that's probably like the most well known and it has like the most influence and um, but I haven't, I know it was a book, but there's a show on HBO now called Lovecraft Country and I guess it's part like I just started last night, I didn't watch it yet, but it's like part horror and then part like it's about the experience of like black americans and it's kind of a mesh of those two. Looking forward to
that. Yeah.
No, no, no, in fact, um he is, there's no defending it, but he had some pretty racist views. The reason it's not a defense, but just the reason why was he was raised by some very paranoid. I think it was just his mother, she was very paranoid. She kind of instilled that fear of paranoia in him to the point where he was, he was afraid of black people as he was of like air conditioning and things because he just never encountered it and he uh you know, and that's one of his biggest themes. In fact it's, I forget if it's a quote from the story, but he says like the oldest human emotion is fear and the oldest fear is fear of the unknown. So it's kind of interesting how that was him and like his experience. And then also that's just a universal fact. Like if we don't understand something, it's generally like we're afraid of it instead of like welcoming something new or different. Yeah.
absolutely, absolutely. And what's interesting is he even wrote a story where the main character thinks he's normal and then he finds out, oh I'm the other, I'm the freak that is scaring people away and when you, like, he
died in his thirties or early forties or something. Um and he had other writer friends, like robert Block is one of my favorites. He wrote the novel psycho. Um he's really cool, but he was one of the people who was kind of like, you know, I think
your
views are just based on
your, you know what, you don't know. And so he started to come around later in
his life, um which is good and again, it doesn't excuse that other stuff, but it's really interesting and I think it's almost beneficial to see how someone can be like unreasonably scared of something and, and kind of approaching, like, I want to talk to you about like, you know why racism is bad. So let's approach it from the way, like, you don't understand it, you don't understand a group of people. So let's not like freak you out, let's just start finding similarities and then it's like see everybody's basically the same, we all have the
same
feelings and stuff, it's just a
it's an aesthetic ethnic issue that doesn't have any bearing on a person, um their character, their feelings anyway, God,
I rambled a lot, telling
yeah.
The every animators great uh evil that too is one of my favorite john Carpenter's, the thing is awesome um and I love um like italian horror movies, I don't know if you've watched very many of those, but
like there's a guy named lucio fulci who did um oh man, he will, his most famous one problem, arguably it's just called zombie and if you've ever heard of or seen, that's the one where zombie fights a shark underwater. Yeah, and it's
a real shark, It's crazy. It's one of the craziest things, but, and then one that really kind of factors into my book is called The Beyond and it's um, it's kind of lovecraft in a way because it's like this doorway to hell and people, it's so hard to describe because italian horror movies almost feel like dream like, and sometimes that uh Italians when they make movies, um, and they've been doing this for years. This is why I like you watch like the good, the bad and the ugly and it's like why is everything dubbed? It's because Italians would um film a movie without recording the audio because it's cheaper. So that's why like even Clint Eastwood looks like he's kind of dubbed and it's because he is, he's dubbing himself. So in, in the italian horror, it everything feels very kind of like dream like and the people are all talking like sometimes a little out of sync and that makes it feel like a dream and then the the kills and stuff are like damn near operatic. They're like over the top, there's like spraying blood weird. Uh it's like it's obviously fake more, but it's also disturbing and like this weird kind of uncanny value. Uh and I love those. I don't I don't know what well no, I just said what it is that I like. Um But yeah, I'm really not, I'm really not picky. I the biggest sin a movie can
commit in my view is being boring because I've seen a lot of bad movies that like you said, there's a lot of heart in it and people put their blood sweat and tears and they're doing something happy, they're making something they enjoy instead of being like a cynical um you know, just I'm out to make a buck and everything, it's it's
fun
and that in comedy or kind of like they have those um reactions, like it's like either you're scared or you're not, you're laughing or you're not and even if you're not scared or laughing, you can still like appreciate it if you're at that level. But I think those two things are really divisive just because of how subjective everyone feels about laughter and fear and uh
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, and I even um I even kind of like struggled for a while and with um like I'd be writing something to go, oh man, this sounds like this thing I like or it's this thing I like and I kind of had to, it took me like a little bit of reading and watching Youtube videos to reassure me like everybody's like, it's going to happen, those things that you like are going to come through in it and unless you're like out to go, I'm gonna rip this off, like that's your, whatever. It's usually just that your subconscious using stuff and you could give to people the same premise and it'll go in like wildly different directions. So I kind of push that away and, and just looked at it more of like, these are my influences and especially in the book, I have all kinds of like movie references and stuff. It's like, it's pretty clear, this is my jam, so I'm not out. It made me feel a lot better that way. So
Yeah, no, I appreciate that. That's, that's um yeah, I appreciate it. And, and part of my worry too was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna leave my corporate world or whatever you want to call it and start on this. I really hope I stuck to stick with it and I, I've never worked so hard and so consistently in my life and it just was like, oh yeah, look at when you actually like what you're um yeah,
so
told
totally
what is it like failure is just practice for success or something like that,
like and learning not to, if you do something that doesn't work not to just go well that sucks and throw it away. It's like I'm going to put it aside because maybe I can use it for something else or this will solve a problem that I don't have yet or something and,
and
no, that that's a good point, I didn't think of it that way. That's really good. I'm not sports guy by any means, but my um, my wife and I watched that Michael Jordan documentary. Uh
yeah,
yeah. So good. Did you watch it
right on man? Well, you know how he like how like um somebody else's doubt or conflict would just fuel him and like when people would kind of like needle him on something, how other people just sort of stand back and like, alright, you asked for, but how good a motivation is it to just go like somebody tells me I can't, I'm going to do it. Why not? So that's a really good lesson to learn. You know, and I relate so much to like the greatest basketball player ever lived. There's so many similarities to meet now. I'm just getting, but yeah, it was, it was really cool.
no
that's okay. Um What?
Uh Well I guess we just, I mean we have a few more minutes but we can either talk longer if you want or dude, if you want to um I can give you my name and you can look me up on facebook or something. I don't know. Do you use facebook?
So what why do you do uh if you want I can give you my uh my twitter handles. I have to but. Uh huh. Um One I used it's MR spelled out so it's Mr liu L. O U.
Yeah. And uh that's the twitter account. I used to watch all the movies like new to me the first time I've seen the movie and then in the description there should be a link to my other page and whenever I start getting ready to actually
carol.
sort of a placeholder and I'm trying to do some stuff in the meantime that um but I just haven't, every the last few months have just sort of like mentally Stalled me like 70%, so I'm trying to get back to that place, but uh
yeah, before for uh you know, I was going to ask to tell me about yourself, I I talked most of this time, I'm sorry, but uh
Thanks.
What? Fair enough.
don't that doesn't sound familiar, but I can definitely, Was it a book that they read or they read that they wrote or did they like license it or
what?
What?
Oh, sweet. Right. On man. No, and I'll check out that book and David Gordon? Green's awesome. Um So that would especially like, well I don't want to say especially because it's just different but his early movies were such good like character study dramas and then he made was it Pineapple Express and it was like this is awesome and yeah and then the Halloween that he and Danny Mcbride did was they really was happy with that.
Yeah, he directed it and then they both co wrote it and it's like it's like if they pretty much ignored all the Halloween Sequels, it's like you watch the original and then this one and um like Jamie lee Curtis isn't it
stupid?
Yeah. Something like that.
Well if you if you
ever,
you know we'd chat on twitter or whatever if you're ever interested, I'm happy to send you a few chapters. If you'd like to check it out or give me feedback or just flip through and go meet and throw it away. Like if you ever want to do that, let me know with no pressure. So
Absolutely.
You too josh. All
Yeah. You too, man. Take care.