look Yeah can you hear me? Okay
I'm pretty good. Are you?
What's your name? What's
your name?
Look
my name's josh
nice to me.
Uh Thanks. It's I stole it. There's a shirt you can buy. Do you wanna do you know what uh X. K. C. D. S. So there's a comic for X. K. C. D. That says something like this with a graphic and then when I would be out of so many people would say that they liked it that I had you know other shirts made that said basically the same thing. So.
yes that's true. Actually this shirt is pretty old. I have not wearing this out to recently so
um I think the people who need to hear it though are most pretty good at ignoring it right now so. Mhm.
I'm
trying.
do you work in Stone? Okay
What I would
do
Okay.
Probably.
That's that's impressive that you wrote six I mean to write 600 pages of one coherent thing it's you know up quite a feat
I think for anyone.
Hi.
Yeah I think that's awesome.
I mean what kind of book is if
give me give me an example of a book the H. P. Lovecraft Row like what is this most famous books again? Mhm.
Oh were you animators based on H. P. Lovecraft? Okay.
Have you seen the movie? It follows it?
Would that be Canada's Lovecraft in potentially?
I have seen how Boy it's been a while. That's the one with Ron Perlman. Right That was in the movie. Yeah.
Okay so maybe like a little more cabin in the woods have you seen that movie? But
Sorry
although kevin Woods has the whole satire part which I don't think is love caffeine, right?
But the whole thing about the end that they're all doing this thing to keep the all that basically everything going to hell and there's all this machine of you know, just basically evil built up to stop more evil is uh I don't know, I need to read, I haven't read probably since I was in high school anything from HBO, he writes mostly short stories to write.
Was
H. P. Lovecraft Black?
The other the other you know that that kind of feeling down
two,
I
know
myself
terrible,
The
world
people,
No,
that's cool, that's cool. Yeah, no, I'm into I'm not I haven't spent read as much like horror and sci fi as I would like to um but I really like, you know, I used to read a bunch of steven Kane and I've watched lots of horror movies. I think the whole genre is interesting. I think it's interesting that the people who like that stuff like the one of the most stable genres of cinema watchers, like you can make a crummy horror movie that cost like no money and they will still make like, you know, some 10 millions of dollars and so you have all the famous actors who they just want to break out and they all you know, so they get better actors sometimes than like other things and especially now because those are kind of like the independent movies because they don't make a lot of like the the indie dramas and stuff, but they just keep making the Indy horrors and the indie um Maybe it's not pure horror about like you know, the scary movies and stuff like that. So I think I think it's really interesting the whole the whole dynamic. I mean I like the stories too because there's all there's different types you know and everything so um
so I was curious. Yeah like what what do you think are like the best, what are your favorite um like or like you know movies? Um obviously like re animator,
what would be an example? I don't know if I know them by that. Oh
What?
Are. Yeah.
You don't
want to.
Yeah they can be polarizing like some people just have strong opinions about, even if movies are pretty uh low stakes things to have opinions about, so it can still be fun just in the same way that like people like to disagree about sports and stuff like that to. Um But
yeah I know what you're saying. It's kind of a yeah I do think it's a train. Yeah. Comedy is that way too. I don't I don't have as much I mean obviously I have like you know certain movies they're like I I really like like the Judd apatow that whole you know those guys the whole when they made all those movies and stuff like that. But uh yeah I don't know if it is it is really interesting to think about like um you know how you there's so many different ways to like um produced like those things like some people like you say they really are more like top down and then other people like are more bottom up or they have like their somewhat more biographical and then they leave their friends stories and they make them all into the same, you know they tell much stories through the same characters. And so I think that's what's cool about it is that there's so many ways to, you know, create something that other people can relate to and doesn't have to be like, you know, part of the thing is like discovering how to make it is like the, you know, the interesting stuff about it.
That's cool. Yeah, I'm really impressed that. I don't know if I could write 600 pages about one thing that was not uh like, you know, that was totally, I mean maybe I could, but I probably couldn't do it in a very, you know, it probably take me 10 years to do something like that. So you have to really like it. That would be other things. You have to really know what you like and really be super passionate about it.
There's
a whole whole other level to your perform. I'm like, I'm I'm not, you know, I'm relating to what you're saying as you're talking about it. So I have never written a book, but you know, I started um you know, multiple businesses and um you know, I have done uh you know, like creative things with like software and stuff like that where I felt like, you know, if I solve the problem that was like really hard and there was nothing to do it that needed to be done. And so a lot of the same things kind of apply because you sort of know you're here and this is where you are and it seems really far away and you do a bunch of stuff to go towards it. Sometimes you're like, oh, this is really stupid, like this doesn't work and then you have to like, but then at least, you know, we're not to go or you know like, oh what I really trying to do here is more like this. And so I have, if I have to redo all this and so it's like a whole bunch more work, but you know, because you don't get lucky and just get to find the right path like, you know, the
first time. But if you did that, it wouldn't be as interesting either because then you wouldn't have the, you know, like the reflection and sort of, you know, the, you know the sort of the question of like what am I actually trying to do here? What did I think I was trying to do? But what I actually want to do and stuff like that. So I think that's that's always like really interesting. It's like a never anything. And so that's why I think it's great. It's like once you do it you can do it over and over and over again and you just get better at it.
Mhm. That's
do
that's
what, that's what the one of the guys who started google larry page, he says that People think that you either fail or succeed but really it's hard to fail 100% of something, even if you only succeed 1% you learn something in the 1% so that if you do that over and over again, you add it up in the compounds then it can turn into something. That's what they they started google because he had a dream one night about that like um that he could put the entire internet on one computer. So he woke up from his dream and he told one of his friends and you know you won't be able to do that. So he's like, well, let's just try to do it. So they started trying to do it and then eventually they're like, well, what can we do this thing? They turned it into, you know, how can we search it and do a better search and stuff like that? So, uh, but it wasn't like he decided like, oh, I'm going to make a better search engine or something like that. It was just this thing that happened and he just pursued it a little bit more each step and turned into something different than he would have thought that it did. Um, and then, you know, that obviously benefited a whole bunch of other people from, you know, doing that, which is like kind of amazing. I mean, would we even behavior able to have this conversation right now if he hadn't done that one thing? So I don't know. Yeah. It's kind of weird.
yeah.
Last ants. Yeah.
I watched it twice. Yeah.
But that's I think that's what it's like. It kind of starts because every little kid who won with Michael Jordan and started being like Michael Jordan, he started out being wanted to be like, you know, remember what they said, but like dr j a little bit and then he said some other guys who he was, but I think everybody, you know, and then eventually he sort of took it to another level, you know, I found him. But that's because he found his own way and he listened to the way that he thought that it should be done, not the way that, you know, his idol or whoever was going to do it. But first he started from the one thing until I got a certain point and then yeah took it somewhere else. But you were going to ask the question I'm sorry I interrupted
you.
Yeah
I don't use I use twitter.
Hello? U. M. I. S. T. E. R. Right.
Do
something like your book? Yeah.
it's it's weird I almost don't even remember what before and after.
Oh no that's okay. Um Yeah I mean I think I talked a little bit about a little bit about sort of what I do but yeah so I worked in a uh you know I studied like E. And C. S. And I went and worked for internet startup
and uh I got recruited to work at a hedge fund and then I like that and I got an idea from there to do something for myself and I started my own business like maybe 10, well technically it was like 13 years ago I guess. Um And so um yeah I have like a small software company and financial services and doing it for a long time and uh there's more to it than that, but that's all I want to sort of say and
yeah, so that's that's what uh but I also like um I'm interested in movies and stuff like that, I have some friends who um are much, at least one of them is much uh you know hugely, he's not he's not entrepreneur anymore, but um anyways, he and another, one of my friends tried to make a movie from a book which maybe you have read because it's a little bit horror, it's uh Karla Griffis, the dwarf. That's right,
they, well parliament has won the Nobel prize in Sweden for or
the Pulitzer or something, I don't know before, I don't know if it was for this book or heard his whole work, but this is one of his most famous books, this is the dwarf. Um It takes place in like in medieval Italy and it's about this um these two kingdoms, it's based, it's loosely based upon like whoever was the Prince for dream Leo and our defenses time in Italy. Um And so
there's these battles going on between, you know, this city state and like another city state and the prince has this dwarf who's like his uh friend or something like that. Um and they, so that the tour was basically evil and so he goes around and tries to meet all these different people in the kingdom, influence the prince. Um It's very uh so yeah they optioned the rights to it from the La Griffis family and they actually got Peter english, read the script and signed on to be on their script until he got game of Thrones, game of Thrones having first. And that character is so similar to this character. I don't know if I'll make it anymore, but they also they also got David Gordon Green to sign on to make it. Um So yeah, so they wrote an adaptation from this guy that they went to college with who is right or for like maxim or something like that. So he wrote the first version of it and that's what they used to get, You know um Peter Dinklage and David Gordon Green and then um but just like you know it's like so many movies like things like stall out for like you know what 10 years, whatever. so I don't know or make it and there's all these things because so I went to that meeting for all these things like all this is really interesting. Can I go? So I want to like Sweden when we try to raise money for it from people in Sweden. Um We got invited to go to cans and I met David Gordon Green, I didn't, I never met Peter Dinklage, but it was interesting because they were talking about adopting net and like the it's a really short book, it's like less than 200 pages and it's very like simple um and it's got a lot of like psychological things, but the trick I guess was like the dwarf doesn't, he's always like a force of evil, so he's more of an archetype than he is a character because he doesn't like have an arc. Um So, but because everything is from his point of view, it was like hard to fit into a traditional movie for that, so it's interesting here to hear the different professional people like talk about how you can do this because it was like, it's, you know, it's and sometimes it was sort of like solving like um you know, like the caribbean equation or something like that because it was like, it doesn't fit like a standard solution and so I don't know, it was it was just it was it was it was interesting part of it, so yeah, definitely. I'm not checking your twitter for certain.
that's the most, Is that the most recent one that came out? I didn't know that he was and I knew the demon for I was, but I didn't know that he was involved with that.
Yeah, I liked it. I think I've seen it more than
once. I have to go watch it again that I see that David Gordon Green is in it. But I remember because when, when, when we came out that he wanted to be associated with this movie that that that I helped with for a little bit. And then we went to new york to meet him and we started like, I knew that I had seen at least one thing that he did, but we watched all of his early films and I was watching his films and I'm like, oh, this guy like loves Terrence Malick because you could just see all the films seem like they're like, you know, uh like ensemble pieces that are character studies and they're kind of like dreamy, like poetic, uh don't have like a real hard core narrative where you have like strong clear motivations and everything about what's happening to figure out a lot of stuff out. So I thought was interesting then yeah when I saw it lightly but he did that like I think it's called Snowbirds or something like that like that back in sales then. Yeah. Um Snowing, Snowing and Jill or something. I remember what it's called.
Yeah. I thought the same thing with Pineapple Express is I'm like wow this is really different for decor dream but it was pretty great movie. Yeah. Well I don't want to take up too much of the time but I really enjoyed talking to you all right. Yeah, I'm going to check out your twitter and I hope that you you know, I'm really excited for you. I mean really? I don't know if I've ever met someone who is just Ever just stopped what they were doing, a written a 600 page book. So that's that's that's insane. But you did it so congratulations
the people
that
Sure. Yeah. I would like to do that actually exactly when if I do it right now, but I would like to do that. So
I'm gonna I'm gonna look you up nice scraping lulu. Uh huh.
Have a great night.
Thanks