Yeah. Yeah. I think you don't say breakfast. Yeah. She used to what you want. So how to fish. Hello, Can you hear me
good?
almost the same like mine minus Andrea's
but sure A. And E. For short. Uh huh.
Okay.
Pretty good.
How's yours?
Good.
I
am
in
mystery. I'm in Missouri. Yeah. Originally I'm from Germany that you can probably hear my accent.
Yeah. Mhm.
Uh huh. Uh A lot of free land stuff and prolific. Uh huh.
That's why I'm on here. I did have a job as a web designer but my partner and I we kind of broke up and I'm no longer in that business so I'm trying
to find something new and now I'm doing this type of stuff at the moment until I find something something else.
lot of micro workers, have you heard of that?
Just ahead
they have uh really like uh many jobs they only last like a minute or two but they don't pay a lot just a few cents. But if you do a lot of them that all adds up. Mhm.
So
I'm
the problem. Yeah. I'm I'm surprised too. Sometimes
I wish
I would get more studies. That was like I get maybe something between two and 4 a day.
that's
right. I have a lot
lot
of them
I get a
notification
but when I want to sign in its they are already full.
I think
for.
Yeah I'm pretty much locked in there all day long. I since I work at the computer so I have one browser
window open with the prolific extension that notifies me when the study is available. So I don't miss them.
Uh huh.
You
should
download it. That you should, it's in the chrome web store and it notifies you instantly. Uh huh.
Yeah
that helps a lot without that.
I would have missed a lot of studies.
I did
I did it once before. Have you done it?
Oh yes last week I I actually was scheduled for it three times and all
three times. Nobody showed up.
First
time.
You
know this? Yeah.
the third
Uh I moved in 2007. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah and last
year I finally became a US citizen. Mm
Thank you.
I'm no
longer, no
I haven't been in Germany since Uh 2013. Seven years. I wish I could go. But no now it's as of now it's not possible because of corona but it's also difficult because it's pretty expensive. Okay.
Yeah a family over there. My parents live there and my brother, but our families spread all over the world, in large part of the families in England, my my dad's two sisters both immigrated, one to England, the other to Australia, so
we have to have relatives in England and Australia, but I've never been there, which
is
a shame I'd like to go there. Yeah,
I haven't either, I haven't even been in England and England wasn't all that far away when I lived in Germany. Yeah,
I have been otherwise I've been all over europe but not England.
I'm
wrong.
glad you had the opportunity to go. Yeah.
How was the flight
law?
that's good,
good. I always find it hard to go to europe, but going back it's a little easier because it's just a terrible long day I think
Mhm. You're
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What what kind of bothers me is I I have learned to be a tax consultant in Germany and I worked as one for 16.5 years but that does nothing for me here. My qualification is worth nothing because
I
no because it's a german
tax
law that that's completely different from american tax law
so it doesn't
do me any
good
here.
Yeah it does and I quit
the job when I came here to to the U. S. And started that website business with a partner and Georgia. Mhm.
And uh did that for how many years? We actually we started
I think
in 2006 so one year
before
I came over here so it was 13 years. Yeah.
I
have I actually when I first moved here I moved to Missouri and then uh my wife she got a job offer and uh to work with the government but we had to move to indiana to in Indianapolis. So we lived in a
small town
close to Indianapolis Plainfield. We lived there for almost three years and then she got another offer back here in Kansas City. So we moved back in 2014, we moved back here to Kansas city
start.
liked Indiana.
I
absolutely
loved it there.
Missouri
is okay but India Indiana was my favorite place.
They have gorgeous state parks there. Them I mean they have state
parks
here too but the ones in Indiana were much better. You can start.
Oh I can't imagine that. Yeah. The only time I ever saw like michigan most when I was in Chicago
In 2014 I had to I was still a German back then actually renew my German passport and the German embassies in Chicago. So I had to go there to renew my passport. I
will not.
Oh I just
want
Well I
never have to do that again. I I have known my american passport.
Uh huh. Yeah I've lost my german citizenship though it's kind of strange I think it will feel
strange
when I go over there to visit.
I technically I could have been but I would have to have a kind of allowance from the german government to have another citizenship. My
I never asked for that because I didn't ask automatically lost the german citizenship.
Yeah why not? I kind of I decided last year in april that I want to get
the american
citizenship
and getting that allowance from the german government takes about a year. But my green card was expiring last year in I think in december, so I wanted
to get
the
citizenship before that and I thought in april I'm already kind of late so I I just hurried off sending my application and it went very fast, I started the whole process and Late April and my oath ceremony
was
in uh was August 29, so just
about
four
months. Yeah. Mhm. That was fast and it was a fantastic oath ceremony, they did it in the uh Kauffman Stadium, the Royals Stadium, that was awesome.
I'm
the hardest part actually, it wasn't all that hard at all. Yeah.
The
interview
of.
it's
not no it's not too bad, I was a little bit afraid of uh the citizenship questions but they're really not that difficult. Most
of them are
already
knew.
Uh huh. Uh Do you get paid to for that?
Not paid.
Uh huh.
All
Uh huh. Yeah and
you
study
on on
the side,
you do that and study
at the
same time or how does it work?
All
See.
So
that's
cool. That takes another year. Okay.
Group.
And Oh that's cool. Yeah when
I when I
learned
my
uh text consultant stuff they had they have that system in Germany that you go
to two days a week you go to school and three days a week you are actually in the office and work mm. So
that to both at the same time and it took three years also you're working and going to school at the same time for three years and then at the half at the end you take an exam. If you pass
then
you can practice.
Yeah.
I do miss it. Uh I miss my hometown, which is cologne. Have you heard of it?
No, they have that big cathedral there, It's kind of famous.
Uh they have that big cathedral there, the they call it dome dome.
Yeah, I really miss their, my hometown and of course I missed my parents, but I talked with them on Skype or uh pretty regularly and
but it's still not really
a substitute for being there. Mhm.
I'm sorry. So yeah, I miss it. Yeah.
But
have you been in
paris
and
What?
Yeah I've been in paris a couple times to it's very beautiful. Mhm. The
one thing
I uh
no no you go ahead. Mhm.
Making
Yeah. Yeah I miss german food, we we had a german restaurant here not too far away from where I live but it closed and they closed permanently and so we no longer have the option
now so now I will miss german food even more.
Mhm. Uh Yeah a little bit.
Not much
no
no but my mom is an excellent cook, I miss her cooking. Yeah man. Mhm. No.
I like german gulags because it's totally different from american
goolaj.
It has a brown kind of gravy, it's not made with tomato sauce and it has a few different ingredients it has made in there. Of course. Yeah. Yeah
but it tastes it tastes much better than american goolaj. Uh huh.
So that's one of my favorites.
Yes
the white
asparagus it's kind of hard to get here but you get them it's it's available
They have a tear in our grocery store but it comes usually comes in a glass with you can't really buy it fresh. I have never seen it fresh but
only the white
asparagus is the normal asparagus and they hardly have the green one there. Yeah.
All
Yeah I miss that too. The one thing the one thing I don't like about Missouri's the tornado season in spring that terrifies me.
No
this past spring was the quietest spring I've ever experienced since I live here. There was nothing not even a tornado watch. Nothing. It was totally quiet.
the
year before it was hefty 2019. Spring 2019
was super active, constant tornado watches and tornadoes left and right.
Most
of them are
small.
Most of them are small but we had a very big one. We had, What was it um e. f. four was it I think and that that was not too far from Kansas City, it was just outside on
the Kansas side, destroyed quite a few buildings and uh stuff. Yeah that was scary. We had a watch here on that day too but luckily that that thing
didn't come to us.
You know that's not too bad. Yeah because
of all the this tornado fear and stuff. I I have started studying weather
more like an amateur but I go to the storm prediction center website and read all about it. So
I know
now I think I know quite a bit about how they form what conditions there have to be and stuff like that.
Maybe I
stood.
Yeah, it's interesting.
I actually go to the storm prediction center website every day and read about the condition weather conditions although it's maybe
just a waste of time.
but they go in much more detail. They have all the the scientific allow scientific words and all that stuff. They never say that in the weather forecast legal that in the beginning I didn't understand much of anything what was written there but I kind of learned over time what that all means. Yeah.
No
actually
did
the
opposite.
It did the opposite. It made me even more nervous.
Well sometimes I'm a little more comfortable when, when I uh
it's hard to describe yeah, when I can see when ah sometimes there's
for example there one time we were supposed to get tornadoes on that day and then we had thunderstorms in the morning and they totally um uh washed out at the the energy for tornadoes to form. So I knew
already that there is nothing more to come even though they still had uh
forecast,
they still were talking about that we may get tornadoes in the afternoon, but I knew it wouldn't happen because the morning thunderstorms already took care of it. So sometimes.
Yeah. Yeah.
so yeah I kind of became a a
little weather expert although I've never studied it.
much longer. Almost uh almost 10 years.
just one itself I have never gone to to the university or anything. Yeah.
yep, that's right. What always bothers
me
is that I never pursued, I'm totally interested in in space,
all things space
and I never really pursued it, but I'm totally interested in that. I read about
that
all what's going on there every day to there's a website space dot com. I go to that every day, read all the articles, but I've never studied it.
I would love to work for that Nasa, but that's probably never going to happen.
I
don't know.
Mhm.
Are you sure? Uh let me stay here? Yeah, probably. Yeah,
I think,
yeah. Nice to meet you,
yeah, that is quite funny.
All right. Uh do we just close it or?
You too.