Yeah. Can you
hear me? Cool. Okay. Mhm. My name is Andrea Oh
Three.
What a coincidence. Mhm.
So how is your day?
Good.
Same.
Pretty good. It's a pretty nice day. I live in michigan. Yeah.
Where
are
you from?
Yeah, a little bit. Yeah. Yeah.
So what do you do for work?
Yeah.
Fine.
Um What other types of do you do similar survey websites or weather types of ways? Do you do similar things?
Um I've heard the word before but I'm not
what it is.
Yeah, I've been impressed by how much, I mean I don't sit on prolific all day, but when I do log
it, I'm surprised at how much I can make in a short amount
of time.
Company
with.
Mhm. Same. And sometimes it feels like they fill up so fast
and
lot of like
with
my papers.
Thank
you. Mhm
Mhm. There must be quite a few people in the same boat as us just waiting
to log
in. Right. Mhm. Yeah.
Thank you.
Is that a google chrome extension? Okay,
interesting. I have to look
into
that.
That's, that's good to know. Mm hmm.
Yeah,
I bet.
Mhm. Have you done the video one before, you
know?
Yeah, I've done it once before. So this is my second time.
What?
Oh no, I think, yeah, the first time I did it,
the person
was a little late, but they showed up and it was kind of fun, which is why I signed up to do
it again.
Yeah, mm. So how long ago did
you move from Germany? Mhm.
She's been here for a while,
Not
Mhm.
Yeah, do you go back
often?
No?
I agree.
Well.
Do
you?
Yeah, I've never been to Australia.
Yeah,
funny I went to France um this past december in january, I had a friend who was living in my house who was studying abroad in the US and so
I went
home with her for like the christmas and New Year's break for a month and she just invited me to all of her family traditions and parties and it was really fun to learn some a little bit of french and to meet her family and stuff. It was, it was kind of nice to have that like all that traveling done before, you know all the borders closed and stuff like that. Yeah, that was kind of cool. Mm.
shame. Mhm. Yeah.
Um it was pretty
long. Um I think it was maybe eight hours eight or nine hours but I think it it left um so I was in massachusetts for a while so it left boston I think around seven p.m. So when I naturally would want to go to sleep, I just kind of slept through most of the flight so it
worked out pretty well.
Yeah I remember my friend and I when we So we landed in Paris and I feel like it was probably 10 a.m. Paris time and we wanted to stay awake to help with the jet leg.
Remember both of us just kind of stumbling around really trying hard to keep her eyes open because you're just so exhausted. That was difficult.
It doesn't
transfer at all.
This
program
interesting,
but
you
can
be really here flats. Thanks
like.
Okay.
Started
this baby.
I'm
not.
Yeah. Yeah. What other states have you worked in in the U. S. Before
Missouri?
I mean Mhm.
Outside.
interesting. I've never
been to Missouri. I really
like, you know
what
I'm saying?
Let's
pray.
What made you like it so much?
The
pricing
michigan has quite a few really nice state parks. Um I grew up camping uh every summer we go camping in a state park and then even like this past summer, I've done just a few camping trips in state parks or walking along the sand dunes. It's really nice along like michigan.
please.
say
go ahead. Mhm. In Chicago,
you see
a different view of lake michigan? Mhm.
What?
Yeah, yeah, that's great.
appropriate
today.
Mhm. So you can't be a dual citizen.
I don't know.
Mhm. Uh huh, wow, I had no idea about any of that.
We have
problem,
do you think?
What
was
that?
Isn't
it?
that
is pretty
fast.
definitely. What was the
hardest part?
I think,
I feel like
in tv
shows, in tv shows, it always seems like it's such a challenger. It's so difficult to
get.
because people
say
that,
yeah. Uh huh. Well that's really cool congrats. Mhm. Yeah, so yeah, I am a student um in michigan and I'm going to be a dietitian, so I have a um like a one year residency and internship um where I work at the hospital and pretty much learn everything there is to know about nutrition in different uh diseases and different ages of people and stuff, so I'm starting that in about a month.
Uh it's actually not paid. Um
No, it's just uh you're just constantly learning um
and working kind of underneath the dietician and
shadowing and making sure you're doing everything correctly. Mhm.
You can
get
any studying
up
fine,
it's my
pleasure.
So I actually just finished my Master's degree um this past uh I guess it was in May, I finished that, so I'm completely done with the learning part and the school
part. Now
I just have like the hands on practical application part to do
and then
I'll be all done.
yep. So I do that internship and then I can take an exam and then, you know, fingers
crossed, I passed the exam and then I can start practicing as a dietitian
charge
of my
life is
over.
Go
interesting.
Hi
guys,
there's a similar um pro or option that I could have done for nutrition where I, you already have to have a bachelor's degree, but then instead of doing your masters degree and then doing an internship which combined takes about three years, um you would do a three year master's program and internship together, which is a similar program where you do like two days of classes and then three days of hands on and you do that, you know, for three years instead. But I kind of just thought I like the smaller deadlines where I get my masters degree in two years and then an internship in one, so that's why I chose, I chose that option. But there's yeah there's a few different routes you can take, which I like the opportunity to choose Whatever one fits your style butter. Mhm. Mhm.
Is there anything about Germany that you miss? Yeah,
I haven't, no.
What's it called again?
Yeah. Oh maybe I have heard of it,
that's right.
Mhm.
Yeah.
What I liked most um when I was abroad especially in France, was seeing just all of the old stuff and all of the historical sites and everything just seems more beautiful and more ornate And
just
more.
I did go
to Paris. Yeah and my friend and I walked like 12 miles
in one day to see everything that we could.
I
think,
oh go ahead.
I think my favorite part about being
in France was all of the food that I ate there. They're just everything I tasted was amazing.
description,
Mhm. Do you cook it all?
Is
german, is there a german dish that you make
at all? Not really?
What is some traditional german food? Yeah.
Very
much, yeah. What makes it different?
Mhm.
I bet um
one of the foods that I remember, because I went to Germany a few years ago and I think I remember we were living in Heidelberg um and we went kind of during the summer and like the one thing I remember is Spargo or the White asparagus, That's the 11 thing I remember Yeah. Of
the food.
What?
I rarely see it. I'm not sure, I've seen it, you know anywhere in the US since I've had it in Germany.
And just see
Washington.
had never seen it before until I went to Germany. I thought
that was so cool that they had they had white asparagus here. Mhm.
Really? Did you have some of this past spring?
No?
Well that's probably good considering all the other things that have happened this
year.
Mr.
wow. Are they big ones or I don't know
small that don't
do
much.
Body.
Always
yeah that's good. I think there's maybe one or two that touchdown in michigan a year. Um I can really only think of one that there was this past summer and it I mean there's tons of tree branches down but it didn't it didn't really do that much damage I don't think. And that happens like maybe once a year. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's
Well
that could,
Well that's kind of cool. You could maybe start you know a new career up as a meteorologist.
Go
on tv
definitely if I had more time to look into it I'd love to learn more about that type of thing.
it was sweet.
Mhm. Does it compare with what the weather people say or what your phone weather app shows? Yeah.
Does it help calm you down a little bit or is it bring
more peace
when
you look
at
the weather? Oh
Normally it's the opposite where the more you learn about it you know the more comfortable you feel with that topic.
You know
I'm sorry.
maybe.
Mhm.
What?
I guess that's that's cool. That's a good positive from it. Yeah.
Shoes cool.
Okay.
So well, I mean, you studied it for what at least a year or how long have you been? Yeah.
Well, there you go. So you have studied it. Yes,
I'm sure there's a few free online classes or something that I'm sure it's really helped for even even Youtube, I learned to look quite a bit from there.
The
problem,
she's
people.
Three
format.
You should get some books from the library or something.
You're never too old to learn. Mhm. Yeah,
might
not make sense, but I think just keep learning more and more. Mhm.
Great. Well, I think we hit our 25 minute mark.
was nice
to meet you
and what a coincidence that they matched up to people with almost the same name.
Mhm. All right. Well,
I think we just close the window. All right, Have a good night.
All right. Bye.