Yeah. Mhm. Hello? No.
Hello how are you?
Good how are you?
What?
Yeah happy friday thank goodness. It's friday. I don't know except for the it's just hot every day so.
where are you?
Uh Well it's not hot thing it's hot they're not like
texas.
Where do you live? Say it again.
I don't know. Oh you do like what's the biggest city here? You
san Jose that's northern that northern
birth.
Mhm. Did you feel the earthquake?
Well that's good. You didn't I'm glad you didn't get hurt by it.
it's
wow that's scary.
Is it? Where do you immediately get scared or what
what
do
you?
But
that
well
that's
the kind of have
I got some listen to big one? You don't want to be asleep but then uh that's good. And where are you from?
The big one?
That's
right well welcome to America
Have you
did you
learn english when you came here?
Oh your dad. Well you do very well,
No.
no. Right well who do you
live with?
Uh three Kids, How Old Are They?
uh July 25
that's so cool.
Mhm That's we, I have three sons but they're all older, the youngest is 17,
so so I'm I'm almost through all that, but you're never
through all that,
I'm in texas.
A small town
or
There's, I had,
I did not know that we had five of the majors of the, I guess five of the top 10 I think I saw something biggest cities in
the
US are in texas but I had no clue it was that like I'm outside of
Really? To Houston?
What,
why why do they go
there
or?
well yeah
California,
the real estate is so expensive.
I didn't know that. I don't know how y'all can
work. I mean how you can have a home or a place to live and feed your family. I don't know how you do that. That
is
that's
uh and they eat I know that they like to eat because my son's yeah that's just what they do. They don't care what it is. Usually either doesn't want to eat it. But does your wife work?
That's
good.
that
I understand.
that's that's,
you
do.
And
then
where do you what do you do? What's your main and
that's what you do, that's your main
job
and then you do Uber and then what else did you say?
wow. Well gosh
wow that's all day long. Do you do it out of your home out of your house or do you go
to,
Okay. Well yeah, I guess you would have to can't print out of your house too.
And y'all are is your family been safe from
the virus? That's
good.
Are they were doing well? It's all changing At at first they were going to give the kids optionality of one in school. He'll be a 12th grade senior. But now now there they're not doing well. They're doing online solely until I guess after Labor day and then they're going to then they say you can do either one, you can have your choice. But I don't know if it will end up like that. You know, things change really quickly anymore. Did your kids like being at home? And are they going nuts?
But Yeah. Yeah, I guess
so. Yeah. You have to keep them busy. Yeah. Well that is
I am not, I currently don't work, but I take care of. I did, sorry, I can't get this situated. Um, I stayed home because I have, well my oldest son is autistic and then I have a middle son and then I, my youngest son has a, wow.
It's called hypothesis Fatemi A but it's, it's like rickets is the term, you might know rickets and I had that or I have that. I passed it to him so I kind of two special needs Children. And so I ended up getting tired of lots of doctors. So it's hard to hold down a job and take off all the time,
you know, to
go to the
doctor.
So
my oldest one has a job now and he works at tom thumb. I don't know if you're safe, way Safeway. It's, we have
a down here.
It's
called tom thumb. Stupid
name of the story. So
Yeah. Do we have one?
That's well. Okay. No event my sister lived in it
was in phoenix
I
guess she did outside of phoenix. And so when she did that, she she has a flight attendant for Southwest Airlines and so she's moved all around but she would always be going home from work and driving through in and out burger. I was like what is what is in and out burger. We finally got one like five years ago. I love it.
It
is so wonderful.
I love them. You know my husband doesn't or my boys. Well they like, well you wouldn't have heard what a burger. Have you ever heard of that?
I
think it's a texas thing. But
the burgers are probably, they're not twice the size of in and out but they're bigger so they like those. But I love in and out burger. I could go to that five days a week, I could eat that every single that is so good. So I couldn't believe when I finally heard that they were building those here. It took forever to get on here.
But
No well I don't know. Yeah I don't know but I don't know. I wouldn't know what
to get if
I went so tell me what to eat because I loved I love chinese, I love asian, I love any of it but I can't go too spicy. So you gotta
you
got to tell
me something that won't knock
me down.
But
I
could do that.
Uh I will because I love
I love that. Now. Is your wife Vietnamese? So Yeah. Oh my gosh,
I can't
eat
that.
gosh,
I
can eat
all
the time.
yeah, are you what
is that called? What's it called?
okay, I've seen that, I just didn't know how you say
how you said it box. Okay. And you put different things in
there
so
it's
not.
That's
a do your kids eat good stuff, are they good eaters?
I'm
sure it's fat. Sure.
Well yeah.
that's a kid that that's how they do they uh they would eat that the rest of their life if you let them to. Probably.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, and when they're at home and not at school I think they just want to eat. E I mean it seems like it's not that they're bored but I don't know, it's more accessible. You
can go in the kitchen or you want something so but they can go outside. Is it nice
there? Like what's the temperature there where you live?
What is the temperature where you live?
Mhm. Really?
Mm.
that's
that's disappointing. I thought it would be like 70
something.
so it's a Silicon Valley so that's where that I didn't know where that was. It's outside of san Jose.
So now okay so you've lived here how long you said 16
years
did you meet your wife here or
there
You did and and you took her away from her parents and flew her across the earth to somewhere else? Do you ever go back?
Yeah why didn't you go why haven't you been
back?
your parents
they are
here to,
you have brothers and sisters. They're all here, wow, that's really cool. So did you all come together,
whatever?
that is really cool. That's very interesting.
I've lived, yes, actually not too far from here. These
are suburbs of Dallas. I was born in one called Garland. It's a suburb of Dallas. And then where I live now is almost a suburb of garland. It just all just spreads out farther and farther. But I, my parents are here, so my mother passed away recently but
I never wanted to move away from, you know, I I want want to debate with them. So
what are the prices?
And if
it's awful there, I worked in a bank probably 15 years ago, 20 years ago. And well it's longer than that. I can get lost in my time, but I was amazed at the housing
prices. Um our house here would probably a praise for 200 I don't know, 225, but I could almost promise in California, you couldn't live there for less than 500,000. It's and it's not a big house, but y'all's prices are so it's because people I know I've known three people that I've met different ways that have sold their moves from California and they can buy a huge house here. Just huge.
where?
I don't know about Virginia.
I'd
love to go there.
don't
go to him. There's nothing in Houston. They're not going to Houston. I'm just telling you texas is so just, I don't know if I would love to live where I could travel and it kind of like history. So see something historical or at least like California. You can see beauty. You know here we just have land and land and concrete and a few lakes and it's just dull. Of course Houston has nasa but
I don't know Virginia. Somewhere over there. You can drive so many states and places you know and your kids you could show them so much
that just from there that would be great. I don't know what how much the cost of living is there?
Mhm. Well that's probably true. You're probably at the at the top there. But how old are your parents?
This
is
So what they
would you take them with you or they
they you would feel okay moving.
Well I know but I know you can but you want to
it doesn't bother you.
Well wow. So what's in san Jose is it? It's not on the coast is it san Jose? I don't know my California.
Is it like how far?
Oh.
Oh man I went to san Francisco once. My sister. The same sister lived in Novato
Novato and this was when I was very young but I got to go there. It's just it's beautiful. I've always wanted to go back because it's cool. It's so cool,
it's so nice
to to go out at not and it be cool
but just here we have hot like nine months and then we have three months of, well maybe I'm exaggerating it's pretty hot most of the time but we have a winter but it doesn't last very long and
we just need
more of the other seasons. We just don't have. We have so much summer here. It gets starts getting hot and uncomfortable in May and lasts until
probably november.
Yeah we can we can get a lot of storms. It's we there's mm I think in the past five or 10 years there's been more tor Matic tornadoes than I've ever really experienced. But there, I don't know, you know, cycle of the
earth, global warming, I don't know, but I know that it is um, it does seem to be more, more that way, but it's Gary, there was a tornado
in our, our little town
a few years ago on christmas, I think it was christmas night or a couple of days after christmas. It was, it, it's just so amazing how, You know, my sister lived on one street and the next street over demolished. You know, it's amazing. And it went for blocks, you know, but it just stopped right at her house. She had
a ceiling fan come through her closet, but that was the only thing she had, but it's just, it's amazing the damage it does. It's, it's really scary to know that if that's hitting you, you're not really getting away.
You
could,
no, it's hmm, we didn't have any snow last year. I'm not sure it snowed the year before. Yeah, It when I was young, I'm 54, I can remember when I was 10 or younger or even 15 or younger. We had lots of snow and then, yeah, this cycle, I guess the, I don't know, I don't know what makes that, but um, not near my son's didn't near see the snow growing up that I saw growing up. But uh, we're lucky if every four or five years we get a few flakes, but rarely does it stick. So, and then it, I'm not really a big fan of snow
either, so I just complain every way. But I just wanted to be really nice all the time.
It doesn't
seem
to.
You
don't have.
because that's the mountains. Is it mountains? Have your kids ever seen snow?
You flew to reno? Oh man, what's that like?
that's a mess.
That's
Yeah and it it takes a long time for that
to
clear
up.
Yeah I don't want to do that now at all. I'd like to have it once a year or so. I can look at it but no I don't I wouldn't want to live in it. But then again I get really tired of 100 degrees or 95 or you know all that. So I guess I'm just never happy but maybe one day maybe I'll grow up and move away and moved to California. That's the place where you go. I just got to find the right place. I didn't know san Diego
is very cool. I thought it would because it's so far south. I thought it would be very hot. But I've heard it has a very cool climate. I've never been there but I'd like to. Have you been to san Diego?
So so where when you moved to the us you came
to san Jose. Really? That's
so
Oleg lego. I
didn't know that
bo
that's what I want to go to California.
They do. I went there with my husband and I went on a cruise Like 10 years ago maybe
and we flew to L. A. And took it the crews out of there and what's the Catalina Island
and
stop there and then went down to Mexico and whatever. But it was beautiful. It was beautiful. Very pretty. I
could live there. I could live there maybe. I wouldn't I can't afford to live there but I would live there. Let's just put it that way. But anyway. Well it's been a pleasure talking to you.
What what is your name?
Say it again. What
can chi eaten?
K. H. A. N. N. And then P. H. A. N.
Nice to meet
you.
Thank you. Bye. I don't know how to uh.