Hello.
How's it going?
I can't say I have either but I'm open to chatting with you for 25 minutes so it's okay.
It is one p.m.
Your
mom
time?
Are you not listening today?
Oh nice. I bet my partner would love to be doing the same thing.
Mhm. Yes I work remotely so I'm taking 25 minutes off to do this stuff. Figure why not?
I work for a financial technology company and I do like remote work that's related to financial risk and also customer support. How about you? What do you usually do when you're not a stay at home person? You know I had a cat dead. Oh
Mhm.
mm. Have you tried drop chipping?
Uh You should look it up. Drop shipping is where you create an online store and you use an app called overload to curate like a selection of products from Ali Express or other chinese sellers and then you sell them for a markup and market them to people. It's really easy. You don't have to keep an inventory if you look into it, there's a million different tutorials and it works great nice for
a side hustle you know?
Yeah it's a little bit like that but I think if you put time and effort into it it can become like a really big thing.
drop shipping here it's called that because you don't control any of the inventory. You buy directly from a chinese manufacturing, they shipped directly to your customer
piece by piece. It is easy to do and can be a good side as well please. What
is your your missus do wife, girlfriend?
Congratulations
on leap day.
You have very soon alexander.
Does she have a Master's of Library Sciences?
Thank
you.
Have a bunch of friends who got those so I was jealous but I don't think there's that many like jobs so that's really lucky and exciting.
So good. Oh my friend Ari got hers from, from Purdue I think and did her thesis on Riot Girl comics and culture is awesome. Thank Punk history. So good. Yeah.
That sounds exhausting. I've luckily never had to do that. I did used to have to answer a lot of emails when I first started at my position here. But now I don't really have to do that. We've outsourced everything as the company has gotten bigger and bigger so still have been valid set companies like Over 2000 people now and when I started there was like 100 it's very large.
No I
started
remotely.
I've got gotten very lucky and I recognize that I think they extended the ability to work remotely from the gecko because they were worried about not being able to find significant talent anywhere, like enough people to work. It's kind of said everyone they don't offer it very often now unless you're an engineer and I am nuts. Yeah,
completely unrelated to my work. I have, I have a bachelor's of Fine arts and Writing and two masters of fine arts, one in Art and technology and one integrated media. Did you go to college or graduate school?
Oh boy. I mean if you're working the whole time, it's very hard.
Well hopefully you were at least having a good time. What do you get your degree in?
Hey, I got a degree out of it. I don't,
Mm. Yes, if you need that, that's, I mean that's why I got my master's degrees and, and I guess what I got, my college degree is just like, you kinda have to, to apply for things nowadays. And I went into art because I knew I could do it and it wouldn't be very difficult. So here we are. Yeah.
But I really just like learning for the sake of learning. So it was a no brainer to keep going back to school.
It's Yeah.
help. I mean I'm not sure you need one. If you're a decent writer and researcher you can just submit cop
whoever.
Yeah. So my friend Angelica is a writer for vulture and she started from, you know, from scratch just writing things that she enjoyed and sending it to various publications. Yeah,
I'm doing great. I had a friend right to me to be like, wait isn't that Angelica your buddy from high school? And I'm like, yeah. And she's like I read all of her articles, people who don't even know each other. Oh fantastic. So yeah. Mr. General.
What is the book about?
Either book or book your book,
I feel you I do the same thing with my partner will come up with an idea and then I look but I really just want to sit on the couch, watch netflix and play video games. I drink a beer. Yeah. I'm sorry. I think I interrupted you. What were you gonna say?
But
you so you still. Right
that's good. My Bachelor's isn't writing but I haven't written anything since graduate school which was like five or six years ago now. So it's been a while. Yeah. Now that I think about it that's kind of depressing. I still make art so I have that going for me
make
art. I just don't write so much anymore. I feel like I got out of graduate school and my life became like super duper good and I was like there's not a lot I really feel like writing about anymore. What is that of Montreal song? Rapture rapes the muses or something like that.
And I think this song is supposed to be about like how when you're feeling good and happy, it's harder to be creative or things or make art. Yeah.
Yeah. What what do you have other hobbies?
You see people
pc or console?
Yeah, I uh I don't play as much as I used to. My partner still plays a lot, I'll be honest. But recently I've just been playing Pokemon, the new Pokemon a lot of fun, but I did just get the new Star
Wars,
the dynamics are a little wonky, so I've got to get more into that. What are you playing right now?
I
can't
I can only kind of see him. What games are those?
They're a little blurry. The thank you.
Who?
Way to do it. What is the what's the name of that group?
Von coin?
I will get on that. I'm not great at video games, but my partner Jon is extremely good at video games, so maybe I'll get him on there. I'll try not to get I'll try not to uh give you any competition or anything though. Mm
but
whenever
you get some coins for that, I guess.
All right. What's your referral code? I'll write it down.
And wicks.
perfect. Will do. Uh
Hey, why not to referral codes are for? Right,
Yeah. Alright, written down. Yeah. What board did you get?
Oh, I love tickets
to rob.
Nice. It's A Good one. But my dog dogs, how many cats do you have?
Mhm
I've never eaten a duck egg. I assume you're eating the eggs.
Yeah. My arms. Yeah. Yeah.
I've got another one but he's down kind of sitting next to me. Someone real.
They
just look alike. My boyfriend jokes that there Cheech and Chong because we got mad pie from a mexican rescue. And how is from the native american reservation near her office?
Foundling show up.
What part of the, you don't,
you don't have to tell me specifically. But what part of the states are you in?
Oh, I'm in Northern Arizona.
So the dogs from the big Navajo rez that's out in Arizona, I think part of New Mexico and Utah, it's very large. Yes. The dogs around there are not very well taken care of. And they're everywhere, just like this one until we've got him. I'm not really a dog person either, I'll be honest with you. But I've never had dogs before. So we got dogs, they're fine. I love them. They're my pets. But I miss cats catcher. But possibility.
Uh no, he's fine with cats. We just don't want more animals. Yeah, like very needy dogs. One of them has a chronic illness that we're going to be medicating for the rest of his life that he was born with the rescue didn't tell us about. And how here the one from the rez is um highly, highly aggressive against all other dogs and also most small Children. So he can't like leave the house. He needs a whole bunch of attention. And uh, I think a cat could give him a run for his money because he's only because he's an anxious wimp, so he just attempt
out
of fear, but uh john thinks he's going to just tear it limb from limb, like a tiny fluffy steak. So
waiting until these guys kick the bucket, they're both about like £65 so I expect, and they're both like about three years old, I expect like another nine years out of them or something.
Yeah, maybe, I don't know, I think max
the bucket pretty early. He's, he's got that chronic illness have to medicate him every morning. He's a meth, his joints are all fucked up and he's, you know, still kind of a baby, so he's not going to last that long. How on the very fancy, wow! So yeah, wow. I wonder what better up labs is for. Do you think it's part of like better health or something like that? The uh like online therapy groups
you
didn't talk?
apparently it is a people experience platform for like coaching and learning. So they're probably using this to figure out like video chat dynamics between coaches and students and stuff like that,
how it works out. Yeah. Mm
Are you
have like a guy or a phobia or you just don't like people?
I feel you I have pretty bad anxiety and only recently started medication which has been like life changing. But it's never, it's always been the kind of thing where I can force myself into a social situation. Then afterwards I get really anxious about it.
A true introvert, you've got to recharge and refresh right
on your own. I'm kind of that way too. I can go for like long periods of time and be pretty social. But then you know, there is the proportionate amount of time that I then have to spend alone. I go to a lot of um, I guess like festival type things around the country. Do you know what Burning man is? Yes.
So I go to Burning Man most years and also the regional ones, there's uh, there's one for the southwest called Sawara Man that's down in just passed Tucson that I go to every year and stuff like that and uh, you are like constantly surrounded by high energy people, you know sleep a lot, everything is loud and I still have to be like, no, I need to go into this tent for tonight. No one talked to me, I want to see the or here a soul and uh yeah,
but every year I buy like different things to help with it. White noise machine that runs on batteries like super dark. When I bought a short bus this year for cash from some dude in phoenix, hey cat. And uh yeah, tinted down all the windows and put curtains in it and like a mattress in the back. So when I'm out camping, I really am just totally shielded from everyone. It's great.
Yeah, I got I got your plugs and I'm asking a white noise machine that I put on. That's pretty good. Yeah. And uh
yeah, in the book has the A. C. In the front and the A. C. In the back. So when it's hot, just blast that shit into the desert heat. Uh it's great. I'm looking forward to camping again soon. It's very cold where I am. So I definitely have to go down south. What? Mm.
That's fun.
I've never done that. I know it's not. I know that that's an option. Not far from me. I only made it to Utah for the first time a couple months ago though. That was good. I did some illicit substances with my boyfriend the night before and woke up and I was like oh man after that we need to go to fucking Zion. And he was like what what are we gonna do with the dogs? And I was like I'm gonna call our friend, they're gonna take, the dogs are leaving right now. I just got up, got on the bus left, it was amazing. Oh right.
Uh
That's what
what was probably three months ago. No, it must have been. Yeah, I think it was like mid october, early october british months ago. Yeah,
it's the spice of life. You gotta have some adventures. Yeah. Yeah. Especially, you know I work, you know what is essentially a regular 9-5, you know, I'm at home and it can get really uh grading burnouts of real big things. So sometimes I say, oh, I'm sorry, I'm sick. I can't come in. Go to a national park. Yeah.
but I don't think of it as work.
I don't think you probably get maybe more surveys than me. I don't get that many surveys. Do you like a couple of day?
I'm sorry, I was
negative echoing.
We're talking about prolific and doing other stuff.
you do. Are you able to do like engineering stuff or website stuff? I know mechanical turk.
There's a lot of stuff like that
now.
Alas,
Nice. Well, I'll let you know, we have hit 25 minutes. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. Good conversations with good people. I will let you go though. Uh Let you do more mechanical turk stuff. Great chatting with you,
but
wrote it
down.
I will.