Hello.
It's odd. I've never done a survey. A study like this before.
Yeah. Um What time is it there?
Okay. Same here. So
we
have about
until 1:30 PM. Okay
I'm actually a stay at home without kids. The ladies at work. I do the online stuff and take care of the house.
Uh huh. It's a it's a it's a sweet gig.
What do you do otherwise? Uh
Cat dad. Yeah. Uh huh.
Um Not pretty much any work that comes my way. The majority of my income comes from online stuff. Uh Besides that you know manual labor?
I'm not sure what that is.
Um
Yeah I do a little bit of like amazon and Ebay but you know it's just a drop in the bucket.
All right I'll have to write that down or something. You said drop drop ship.
Got it.
Well
soon to be wife actually
we're getting married on leap day.
Yes so it's coming up
Um But she um she works for the school district. Been there a couple years. She used to be the high school teacher but then she finally got her dream job of being the librarian. So she is currently the librarian.
Yes. Master and library science is our
library
and information science is whatever it is.
No she got lucky indeed.
Um Back in the day though I did I used to answer telephones for direct Tv and Apple but not my thing.
Did you start on site and now you're able to work remotely or
you
start
getting remote? Oh that's nice.
Had what's your education background?
I went to college kind of squandered it though. Uh It took me seven years to get my associates degree.
Well I wasn't.
Um It's just an associates and liberal studies basically. I went to high school a second time.
Yeah I have a piece of paper, you know it looks better on a resume you know if I ever apply for a job.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well I did get my associates around year four
and I continued I was working towards the Bachelors in journalism. Uh but I'm glad I didn't continue.
Do you have free
freelance? It?
Yeah.
That was another thing me and my fiance we're going to work on was a co author in the book but we still haven't done that. She did self publish a little thing that I pushed her to do. Um So that's has more of a hobby though, wow.
Yeah her book,
oh her book is just a little fantasy romance novel. And ours we had like I said we we have several ideas and none of them have taken off because we've either either she's been busy with work or during the summer we don't want to work. Yeah.
About nothing.
You didn't interrupt me.
Yes now and then.
Okay, you do some form
of art so
I would be unfamiliar right over my head.
completely agree with it.
Uh Like you mentioned video gaming Of course, yeah.
What was that?
Both?
that is
some bar
currently bouncing around um the on console I have game pass, I don't know if you know what that is. Okay, so basically the netflix of gaming, so I I just constantly jump around and I'm involved with an online group where for each achievement that you get, you get coins for it and then use those coins to bid on auctions And I've won 16 prizes last year. I had the artwork on my wall over here. I don't know if uh
he'd
like the sea can camera or some of well
um and want us that, mm.
are and I also one little thing And also one digital copies of games. Um I recently won a board game and a an external hard drive.
Oh so anyways my gaming bounces around because whatever achievements are easy to get, that's the game I'll play right now. Um
it's uh it's called Von coin
or Von Republic and if you if you have an Xbox you can go into the Microsoft store and download the app if
Oh. Oh there's they they just started at the beginning of last year and they built up a base of about 25,000 players. So
I have lots of competition right now, but if you actually go on there, um there's also a discord chat room and my name is Wicks. Just wi ex
and Uh you can, yeah, you can find me and uh you can use my referral code two. Yeah.
Yeah. You get a few coins.
I don't have it on hand, but if you pull up the site or whatever, go on discord
Wicks, you can find me and just be like, I chatted on you through prolific. I'll be like, okay.
Well, it's interesting. Um
Indeed. Um Mhm.
um It hasn't arrived yet, but it's a ticket to ride
that
train game. Yeah, I played it once before but never owned it, so I bid on it. And one,
There are three inside cats. Um three
outside cats. And then also I have a little garden. So I have three chickens and three ducks as well. Yeah.
Yes, I like them. She doesn't um but she'll eat the chicken eggs, of course
on copy. Is it just is it just the one?
siblings
are just black?
Uh huh. Yeah. All of ours are rescues except for the three outside, those ones just randomly showed up. I couldn't help myself. I fed them. They stayed around, we ended up naming them. So we call them mars. Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah, I was never a dog person though. There's a lot of stray dogs out here too. And um I don't want one but I feel bad, so like I'll try to get them scraps or if they really look like they're starving, I'll give them a little bit of cat food. I know it's not good for them, but they have nothing else to eat around here. Uh, Nobody takes care of their animals apparently in this part.
Say again.
Oh, I don't mind. I basically live an hour from the mexican border in New Mexico.
Okay. I'm not too far. Yeah.
And your partner doesn't want to cats or what?
I see.
So
let's see.
Yeah. So you have quite a while to wait before? Uh
well.
that's a possibility.
I'm
they have a website. I might look at it after this and and see, but right now I have no clue.
that would make sense.
Well, hopefully they get some useful information. I'm a very nervous jittery kind of guy. So
yeah, definitely. That's why I don't leave the house much. Yeah,
I would say a little of both. Uh
Okay, yeah, see usually at the very start I'll be very nervous then I'll be okay for a little bit, but then there's like a breaking point where I'm like done, I want to go home, wanna leave, need solitude. Um
Indeed,
I've heard of it. Never been.
Yeah.
Got like an eye mask and headphones as well.
Sounds like it will work
at temperatures here. Well like whenever we used to go camping, we used to go to the hella and yeah, it was very, very cold. I remember that um used to go gold panning and what not up there to stay a few days.
Haven't been in a long time though.
Yeah.
How long ago, how
long ago was this? Do you still do things like this?
And
See and yet and yet on your break I suppose you're still doing work prolific. That is oh
bye.
Oh. Um Yeah, it's usually hit or miss. Today was a rather good day. Um But then of course I'm also on in, oh
it was
outside um What was I saying?
yeah, because of course I'm also on mturk. Yeah,
no
thanks.
Um The work, well turk has a lot. It's very very random. Um So I take what I can get but I don't have like the skills to code or anything like that.
So I could do like transcriptions or or voice recordings or just research studies just like prolific.
Ah it is 1.30. Alright. That went faster than I thought.
Yeah, it wasn't as bad as that that um
And if you're partner gets on bon
coin
or whatever, tell them to hit me up.
It was nice chatting to you