Hi.
I knew one
moment
my door really pleasantly started.
And yeah. Hi. I'm good, how are you? My name's Jazz, Lynn,
Krisha
Theresa. Okay, cool. I'm okay. Kind of stressed out from work. I just got off work so.
Yeah I was
too.
Yeah. Where are you located? If you feel comfortable saying
it too?
I'm
in
charlotte.
Where are you? Oh my God. Okay wow that's so funny. I have a lot of my
coworkers um went to U. N. C. G. Yeah
that is. Yeah. Yeah that is so I've never been to Greensboro
but I know a lot about it for my friends because they went to college there. So.
I've lived, yeah it's nice. I've lived here for two years. Yeah.
I think I really like charlotte. So I used to live in D. C. I lived there like my whole life and I graduated college. Yeah I graduated college tonight. I went here for my job I think job wise. Honestly I think there's a lot of opportunity for jobs, like, and wherever you want to work in. I have no notice. I also think you're never bored, definitely. You're never bored. Um, and I think that, um, I think there's just
so
many things to do and it's also like just based on like
age ranges to, I mean it's really diverse here, which I like because I went to art college where it was not diverse whatsoever. So it's to have that. Yeah. Right. How about you? And Greensboro?
But
Hey,
at least you're not listening out on anything right now because Corona. So, I mean it's a, it's a, it's, that's one thing to hear. I mean there are still people going out to bars and like two clubs, even though Corona is
bad right now. If you haven't been watching yet, I don't
know. It's like been so badly. Yeah.
Thank
you.
No, I'm pretty chill. We can talk about anything seriously. I'm really chill. Um, I don't like donald trump so I'm very happy that he's out of the office. How about you?
I
agree.
I miss Obama.
I agree. And you know, it was a really terrible time when Trump became president like in 2016.
That was like the
words,
I just don't even know how we made it through four years honestly. And it's just gotten so bad. And so
I'm really happy that we're going to have a
president
now who actually isn't, you know, racist and like homophobic and it's not judgmental. So that's good.
yeah, he did
great.
It's just sad that like our president doesn't even believe in the coronavirus
given
and
yeah, and then
he
got coronavirus and then afterwards he was like, oh it's not that bad. It's okay.
But yeah, a lot of people have died from it. Like it's sad. Do you know anyone who's had or you know, had coronavirus?
No, I agree.
Um, I don't know anyone who's, I mean, I only know my stepbrother actually had coronavirus back in March. It was really scary.
Yeah, because you know, that was in March when we didn't like it was such a scary concept. Like, um, and
so did his girlfriend who
was
pregnant. So that was so yeah, she's fine. Honestly. See they they're young.
They're mid twenties so they recovered really quickly and like the baby is fine. But it was so scary. At first we were all like, oh my God, what do we do?
You know?
Because at that time, you know, it took longer, it took longer to get results for an exam and it took longer. Like I'm still kind of unknown what to do. Yeah,
not
seemingly
people in.
Yeah, they're fun. Yeah, So that was in March,
so all is well now.
Yeah, she had her baby. So all as well. That kid should we joke now that the baby should be immune to coronavirus at this point?
So what do you do for like work?
I work in finance in charlotte here. Yeah, So I have
this is a nice break
for me too, before I start working again. Probably tonight. Yeah.
Am I what?
Oh yeah, I've been doing this since like, like the beginning
of March. I started this. Yeah.
Yeah, I've been doing it. It's been a while now. Um I it's kind of fun. I don't know, I like to just do it on the side. Like It's an easy way to make money, I feel
like,
and seriously, and it adds up, you know, you do a survey that's like 10 cents, but I mean if you do enough of them, it will add up. So I usually like,
well I get the, at the beginning of every month, like I will cash out and it's like, it's not bad, you know?
Do you
just, you just do prolific or do you like other websites to?
No,
no. Is it good,
that's good.
what's it called?
That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah, I like to do prolific. Um I just, I haven't really done any other ones, but it's it's pretty good. Have you had success on prolific? How long have you been on prolific?
That's it.
I
know. Yeah,
there's
so
many without Corona, I'm yeah, I'm currently in one. Uh It's like, I honestly,
I haven't really been like searching on prolific lately, but I have been just this one because
I always
get lucky and I'll get this one because this is 15
bucks, I mean. Yeah.
it's more, yeah, it's good. But
there's
yeah, there's another one that I'm in right now and it's uh It's $1 every day for like two months.
so
every day, like
I have to just remember to do it. Um It's just crazy if you get lucky if you find it and
you're lucky at the right
time.
I know it's no one's over to, and honestly it's it's really quick because I guess they want to know about like how are you feeling today about coronavirus? Yeah.
Yeah.
It's
I've done this
before.
And you,
I
don't know,
I've definitely done it like three times I think now. Um It's been yeah. How is your experience with the with fees?
Oh good. Last time I did
this like a couple of weeks ago my person did not show up for like two weeks
man. I would I was
so annoying because it's like just that's why when I when I when I was this one I was I had I was scared I was like man this person better show up like
so we can both
give him
I
think.
I saw that for you too because I'm so used to just being me because literally the last time I was so annoyed. But yeah, thank you for showing up.
don't own a home here yet but I I live in an apartment um
like
a near uptown english but my parents live here too, they own a home and um the area that my parents room is really nice and very affordable like where they live. So even the most sort of like Huntersville area. Um but
still
it's in Charlotte. I'm like 20 minutes from them and I really enjoy. Yeah. Yeah it's really nice. Way cheaper, way cheaper
than like our old house growing up flight where I used to live. So. Yeah that's why my parents moved here because it's cheaper. Yeah.
did.
I definitely feel like I definitely like save money for sure. Yeah.
Do you have any other questions about charlotte?
Yeah. I know
they do
actually I know they have museums um like there's actually a good amount near me and then aquarium. I actually went to something
year we had like a holiday party and
my job
and it was at some aquarium thing. Love town. It was really cool. And everybody brought their Children very kid friendly for sure. Yeah. Yes. So how many do you have? Are those your Children?
Are you are you married?
that's great. How long have you been married?
I know that's awesome. Oh
so you guys got married here?
there's a T. V. Show I watch called 90 Day Fiance.
think
that
too.
Uh
that's funny.
Yeah I don't watch it all the time anymore but I used to love that show. Um It's good I like I like reality tv shows like that. Mhm. Yeah
I know
it's kind of like that for you too. Can you still hear me though? Okay
and I think we're good.
Only
one. That's
Yeah I can
see you. Can you see me?
You can't.
okay. I'm gonna try to refresh, I've done this before so if
I refresh I won't lose you so just I'll be right back. Okay.
I mean okay. Good
pregnant.
Yeah. I know. It's a really good show.
I don't want that stuff.
absolutely. I'm still scared for what's to come until him, you know biden officially becomes
a president next year so I'm scared. Yeah.
What?
We've done it's been torn by minutes. Right,
Okay.
Well Teresa, it was really great to meet you and talk to you if you're ever
if you're ever in charlotte, I don't know, I look pretty, I
don't think you never recognize me but you never know. I'm really short. I have glasses and I have, I'm usually walking around with my dog who's a little curt. It's really short, My dogs really short. So yeah,
me.
I had
some,
I've had it with a few other people before. I'm not gonna lie, it's been kind of boring. So I've been trying to, you know, spice it up and be like myself, you know, So exactly. So thank you for being a great uh partner
to chat with,
which you will he saved by.