edit 80.
Hi,
how are
you?
I
yeah. My name is chris to
how are you doing Theresa
me as the only just coming back from work, you know, just coming back from, I'm just rushing you know, I'm
just gonna
be watching with with kids and everything, everything you know. Oh
okay. I'm here in United States. That's Carolina.
Where are you from? Our
are
you looking?
Oh my goodness. Are you kidding me?
and
Oh seriously,
that's
I think. Okay. I think I have been to shell out um like twice you know? So yeah. Yeah. How long is
So we are looking forward though. Uh we are looking forward to look at too shallow but we are still thinking about it, you know? So because I had very good things about shallots, you know, so high shallots, you know. How is the living day? Can you easily get a job? Uh huh.
I don't
know.
No.
Oh, to be honest with you, Greensboro, I don't like it here. Um, here, it's kind of boring. You know, nothing is going on everywhere. It's kind of quiet, you know? So I don't like, okay, I'm doing something okay. All right. So everywhere is kind of very, very quiet, you know? Uh, nothing much actually is going is going on here, you know? So, um, heavily
if you want to go out out, like maybe if you wanna have fun, then we'll be thinking about that shallot and their worry, you know? So these two places. Yeah.
So
All right.
Fuck
Oh my God. You know, So how far will the election? Uh, I don't know. I don't know where you belong to, I don't know, belong to democrats, republicans.
I
don't know.
Okay. Life wise me too at this. I think we are in the same page, you know, I think you're going to his house, you know, so that let's, let's see what is going to happen. It's always good to give another percent chance, you know, to see actually what is going to happen, you know? So, but I'm glad, you know, because when Obama was, what was president, you know, he was doing very well, you know, there's a lot of things going on, you know, So I think, um, since joe biden is the vice president, I think he would do something like Obama. So I'm still
looking forward
forever yet.
That guy that, that man is so friendly, you know, he's so kind of, he has a great personality. I love everything about him. His mask, his intelligence, you know. Yeah.
Alright, good. Next.
So
many things. Hmm.
No.
You
know what?
Yeah, that's good. You know, so I'm so happy and we're looking forward, you know, because um like especially those people, um, like mostly people, those people that said they divided them with their kids, you know, they deported them, you know, and their kids is kind of here, you know, so I feel for those people because I had some of them in those kind of um, they were very happy. Even the kids, you know, they were like, yes. Um, right now they think the moment can come back again. You know those things. So, you know, there are so many things, you know, going on, trump very messed everything up. He doesn't care. He doesn't care about anything. And this coronavirus,
he's not doing anything about it, you know,
so far. Yeah,
virus. Yeah. Even
the first time, even the first time they gave him the information, he didn't he
didn't take it serious.
Come
on.
it's okay. Yeah.
No, I don't know. I don't know for sure here, but you know, there's something uh this county, this gift for county is kind of uh increasing recently, you know, because I don't know what actually happened. The whole thing is kind of back again, so, but I don't know what I'm talking about investing because I heard that there was a time um they are testing vaccines. People. I don't know whether it's true or not. You know what I've invested his house or so. I don't know. And I don't know how long that we're saying it's going to take before into the out, you know, because many people, you know, many people are dying you know so I don't know you go to this kind of frustrating yeah.
All right
normal.
Uh huh.
Hello
friend
Here
I
could
wow. So
so
how
I did, how are they right now are they doing okay? Are they fine right now?
thanks
four.
yeah. Oh my God
Okay so I welcome I walk in a collab you know so I I do some um let us provide so you know I survived some a little group about things that are doing so this is actually what I do Yeah yeah what about you? What are you doing? What are you uh
But
first
you are you are in um in Puerto freak. You know,
I said you are in peripheral like oh you are in terrific as well. You know, you are kind of doing studies are terrific.
I don't
are you seeing this? Okay.
Money.
Yaks.
Well,
it's not bad. You know? Um this is um it's not only um in dollar, this is kind of um europe in gps. Yeah. So when you cash, it is kind of a like a big money, you know, so it will adopt, you know, so, so that
is the
Oh yeah, I do other um I do other other than like, you know, so I do other websites and you know, have you heard about this? Cast this
commission?
Okay. Okay. Okay. Just try it. Just go to your type, like this car, this car app to bring us a kind of, I think I have had a lot that they are like three months ago but I've already made like $2800. Yeah.
Yeah. So just a lot of the app I think I think it's going to help you, you know, you make a lot of money but those, those are tape, I'm like it's kind of mission. So how they actually works is that they will invite you. Why I like those ones is that you know, they will do prescription like all this focus group or something like that or interview. So but you have, you have to do video. You know the when they when they are doing prescreening, they have to see your face. You have to, you know, they have to say you so that they will determine if you, you're actually, you know, good fit for what they are looking for the way you are sounding where you are giving your feedback on um on what what they are asking you, you know, so if you can do it very well, you keep on raising once they have asserted. Um They will invite you maybe one or two, you see so many of them coming. And it's very easy, like most of them will actually to go to the uh pay, you want 50 just to, you know, everywhere you enter diarrhea. We just kind of, what did you do this week about shopping? Did you go outside? Just write it down? You submit it, you know, at the end of the day Um they pay like 10 business days, they'll pay you, your 15,200 is kind of a very very big year. 152 50 350 others know so. Yeah. Yeah.
This counts this card missions, E. S. C. For you. T. Okay.
Um like I have been on terrific um uh like I think june was it june? Yeah or is it is that on june july? Okay let me say it's june yeah it's june
um and it has been great for me because Sometimes you'll be lucky you get all these 55 distance and study. I don't know what you have gotten one like all this um big maybe other people that will do for screening once you once you pass the screening that will give you so many studies you know? But I had um like people I had people were saying When the coronavirus was out recently. Dialogue people doing so so many stories and they were paying were like
$15.
so they
are playing
with,
Hi.
I don't
know.
And
I know this I think is 17. Is this a
I think he's
17. 15 year.
What us? Yeah.
What?
All
No,
little
bit. Yeah. Oh my God. Where did that like I missed that one you know. Oh my goodness. Like mom For Oh my God you are lucky. You are so lucky.
Oh
my God
I missed this one. Oh my goodness. Like it's like I'm not always kind of lucky but this one you know this one like this chat? Have you see the first time you are doing this one or have you done it before
this
chapter? Okay. Okay.
Yeah I've done it. Um but what is pending me? I don't know that. I'm like uh you have done it. Um They'll be counting from the ones you've done and it's like seven times, you know? So I don't know
are
we?
Um So like the first one, you know they put you know they say you have to do like four. Um uh That of that for I think I only did one other other. People did not show up, you know? So so people did not show up, you know? So by the second I think this is the third one, right? So the second one I think everybody showed up, you know? Yeah. And I was kind of happy, you know? So wow.
Great.
Me.
All
me
too.
Me too.
I was
I was scared so I was like this but said she showed up so immediately I click on the lake. Oh my God. I like I said black sometimes said yeah this person would.
Yeah. Yeah that's good Either. So I love that a lot of work to show even though the after the after this discussion this okay, it's gonna it's going it's going to take long like it's gonna take so much love like the rest of it at the path that we follow these uh these chats is kind of very long, you know? So that's another thing, I guess that's the reason why they are paying high you know because of the chat and the survey is kind of a long you know as well. Yeah. So that's why they are doing so you know, so I just want to ask something, let me just use the opportunity about shallots like get in your own house. How is it is a kind of expensive like get in your own house, like not admit like your own house, you know? So wow.
But
then
And
then
What?
Yeah. But but they were like they were living in this city with you before, right? Okay.
I think here is watching but that's the only thing about N. C. North Carolina. You can easily save in the way you are here. So. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um I don't know what about like um what what they have like um like activities, you can easily do something like they have like aquarium on machines or other uh
on
the
Yeah I like mm
In
them.
I'm like I have like two and so yeah so that's why I'm kind of looking for a place that's kind of in a more open that uh the hands like something like park museums where you can easily go and play all those things, you know? Um like um what they used to call it again, um this game area where you can easily play a game different games, you know? So that's actually what I'm looking for, you know? So Yeah, but you know, like, you know, I'm happy that I'm like um the Shallot is not kind of expensive like that because I'm kind of worried, you know, because we are still kind of trying to see if we'll see somebody that would give us more information about the shallot um buying a house or something like that, you know? So we're still looking around, you know? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm yes, I'm married, I'm married with it. Okay. Like I said, like, with the two kids. Yeah, mary Suki,
I'm like seven years. Yeah,
like seven years, you know? But you know, But I'm not kind of, you know, so, a place where I was from. I'm from Nigeria. So, I've been in United States, like um let me say seven years. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh we've been married here like all these 90 days something where your spouse come here, you guys can easily married. Yeah,
Yeah. You you watching? I love
it.
I
love about you don't want to like a bedroom on um canto. Yeah,
maybe I should tell. I
think they didn't assure every monday.
Okay. It seems like, yeah. This thing is having problems. Your face is not showing again. Um It's kind of early is
blunt.
Uh
All right. So, let's consider fucking up there to come out of town. So, you like this show? I'm like the you like the show very well. Right? Okay. Me. I used to watch it you know like every Sundays and Mondays, you know? So yeah,
you saw
it uh like I used to see me right now.
No,
Okay, no, I can see you, you know,
I can see you right now. It's kind of blank. The whole place is black.
No.
Okay, no problem. Mm.
Mhm.
Oh Okay. So I like the 90 days fiance very well, you know, it's kind of fun, funny, you know, you get to watch different things all together. Yeah, we so I don't know like I'm kind of surprised I see somebody that loves that 90 days fiance, you know? So
yeah, there's a lot of drama, a lot of things going on, you know? So uh
yeah, there's a lot of things going on, you know, So I love it a lot. So we are looking forward to see actually see what is going to happen. What joe biden and the and the vice president was, what's her name again? Harris, I don't know. Okay so we are looking forward to see actually see what they will do you? No, you know, so everybody's kind of happy. No, you know, I'm kind of surprised everybody like was like celebrating the whole thing, you know, I've never seen people celebrating like anybody um warren and people who starts the people we had kind of you know pumping champion drinking, you know celebrating you know I was and I was happy. Let me see how things is going to go because you know trump various point a lot of things and there are a lot of things that needs to be uh that used to be bring back again. No.
maybe.
so well let's just hope for good you know and see well and another one is Covid 19. I just hoping that one day the hotel would disappear. Because I was thinking that we are we are kind of settling announced everything and then post again. So there's a lot of it and many
people have have died, you know because of it again. So, so let's just hope for the whole thing right now. Let's just hope for the best. Yeah. All right. I think it's time you know my kids, they are kind of giving me some stress. Right? Alright.
Let's say it's 25 minutes. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah,
My So I start with you.
Creamy.
Okay. All right now. Okay. No problem. Nice. Fucking Which I think out of the whole of chapter I have ever you know, charge. But I think you are the best.
Yes. You are the best so far. You know,
you
keep things going. Use my
Thank
you.