SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Make it. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. What? Hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: So how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Good. Where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm from texas, what about you? Right, so what brought you to prolific
SPEAKER_L: Um I mean
SPEAKER_R: anymore?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in school so really just money and I've tried like other sites. Um I think this is the best one. I've tried other sites where it's weird like you get points or you don't I don't know it was confusing so I feel like this is the one that was the most like, I don't know, kind of real in terms of getting actual money.
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: Um So really Yeah, just for extra money. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: um yeah, same here, like I found out about this because um well I go to school to and uh I have someone who is like working in a research lab and they told me about how they get their dad I wish, which is their prolific and they get like paper. So I was like, oh, you know, I want to check it out and like ever since then I've been doing it, like I have tried to other other things too. Like I was browsing the Reddit page called like I think beer money or something and they had, you know, swag points and stuff like that, but I didn't really like any of those just because it was really confusing and it felt like I had to do a lot more than what I do have prolific to just make the same about.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah, I went on that page two. I think that's how I found out about this site because I tried this swag bucks one and I like just didn't understand it. Um Yeah, and you really
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: neither.
SPEAKER_L: anything. Yeah. I don't know, it just didn't make sense. And I feel like the surveys on this are actually they're interesting and of course from universities and stuff. So have you done like this before this this room?
SPEAKER_R: I did the first round of uh trials I think like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: two months ago.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah me too. Do you need like a lot of interesting people there? Any
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: weird?
SPEAKER_R: noticed that. Yeah I noticed that most of the people that I met on this study are like mostly men, like you're like the first female that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I only met one man. I've done yeah I did the last round and there was only one time there was a guy. So that yeah that's interesting. It's mostly been females that I've spoken to. Oh was it any like awkwardness or I guess it was awkward anyway this whole thing but I feel like it'd be weirder with I don't know maybe someone like a lot older he's a man and like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah there were a bunch of like most of the guys that I talked to, they were probably know like 40s or 50s so they were like pretty old. Um but like it's funny because the most awkward conversation I had was with like some 20 year old I think he was from like Oklahoma or something. I don't know, he just didn't really know how to talk or like straight up the conversation so it was just really awkward.
SPEAKER_L: That was my worst fear going into this with getting matched with someone who didn't talk because I feel like I can't carry the conversation on myself for 25 minutes so I don't know. It would just be really hard. So I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: Well what school do you go to?
SPEAKER_L: Um, I'm doing my Masters online through Northeastern. Um, How about you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I got a U. T. Austin.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's cool. How is are you an undergrad?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm undergrad. I'm doing nursing right now.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm doing um, well, I'm actually studying for my boards to um, get my license, the dietician, So yeah. Um, but how is school with
SPEAKER_R: Honestly
SPEAKER_L: like covid, how is that going?
SPEAKER_R: it's been kind of a challenge. Like it's kind of ironic because in the beginning I was like oh yeah you know a lot of my classes are online and I get to just do it from my bed. But it's kind of been a challenge in terms of like learning. I don't really learn well. Like like seeing stuff just through a screen. Like I like it when I am like washing my professor lecture. Um And in terms of like clinical and stuff like we're still
SPEAKER_L: Had,
SPEAKER_R: having those but it's a lot more limited as to like how often we can go and like what stuff we can do because of Covid obviously. So it's been kind of a challenge but I've been trying to make the best out
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: of it. Like I've also been not really seeing my friends that much because a lot of them are either like back at home with their parents or like, you know, they're busy or just trying to avoid seeing people in general. But what
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: about you?
SPEAKER_L: um, that's right. All right. All week. It's okay. It's just weird because I got out of, uh, my dietetic internship I had to do and like luckily I finished before everything kind of went downhill. Um, but I just went from being really busy to like working to just doing school online. Like it just went from here to 100 or yeah, like, I don't know, I went from seeing all these people and then now I don't so
SPEAKER_R: Get
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of isolated
SPEAKER_R: moving.
SPEAKER_L: to me. Um I mean I live with my family but I don't know it was hard kind of mentally for me I guess. Uh huh. But my friends also in nursing school so and she was like in her clinical when everything happened and I know she's having a hard time with it because she can't do them like as often or it's going to take longer for to graduate now and all this stuff so I can imagine that's hard. Um She was upset, she had to do some stuff to like by video like should take videos of herself. Um and it just sounded really hard. So you have you have to do that. Like she said she had to do a video of herself like giving a fake person like a catheter or something and I'm like, what?
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah, I think there's something somewhere where I had to do, like I had to see her assessment on someone through video. Um But yeah, so things started going downhill last semester, like right when I was like learning how to do catheters, so I don't really know how to do that and it's kind of scary because they didn't really review with us like how to do it um since school has started. And um yeah, it's just like a big like there's just a big gap of just like Miss knowledge and learning. So I feel like I'm kind of behind in terms of what I'm supposed to know at this point in my college career I guess, and like I'm trying my best, but it's just frustrating
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: because you know, there's so much going on and like, you know, mentally it's pretty difficult to like I wasn't quarantined like with my parents right, when things started going down and um just like being around my family and like not be able to see anyone else was pretty tough mentally because like, I don't get me wrong, I love my parents, I love my family, but there was a reason as to why I chose to go to a school that's not close to home, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, I understand that. Like I love my parents too, but I'm around them like so much more now where I was like going I was working like out of the house so much and I didn't see them as much, so now it's like, I don't know, and I'm 25, so I just feel like right now I'm like this isn't what I was supposed to be doing, my plans just kind of got like messed up. So it's I know a lot of people are in the same boat and I don't want to complain, but it's it's hard not to when you're like, I don't know, and I don't see my friends as much either, so it's like I almost feel like I'm, even though I have to do a lot of work, like I'm lazy because I I'm not going out as much. So it's like, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I don't feel like it's like, I feel like it's kind of hard because I tell myself like, oh like other people probably in a worse situation like yours, you shouldn't be complaining about it. But at the same time I feel like what you feel is like valid because just because you know something isn't like the worst case in there doesn't mean that you have to be satisfied with it. Like it's
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: tough for everyone. Like my parents are both unemployed now because of covid
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and like you know we're doing okay but it's just kind of like I don't know it just was like nothing is going to happen until like we get over this like covid era. I don't even know anymore. Like I don't know if I mean I'm kind of a pessimist with this but like I'm just have to say like I don't think coming up with the vaccine is gonna solve everything because it's just gonna bring up more issues like oh you know people will refuse the vaccine because they don't want it. How
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: are we going to get enough for everyone? Like I don't know I am like trying to be optimistic about it but like I'm just kind of worried about what the future has to hold.
SPEAKER_L: I am the same way. I feel like I'm not is um but yeah, I was thinking about that too. With the vaccine, there are definitely people who aren't going to take it. And then yeah, like I just wonder how was everyone going to get it? I feel like that would take a while. When are they even getting started or when is it going to come out like a really long time. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: feel like we're all stuck
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: in like the government just sucks so like I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: know the government does. I don't know. It just yeah, everything just feels like so uncertain now. Like I felt so confident like last semester before because we went down I was like okay all right, you know what I'm gonna do? Like I'm just going to go through college and graduate then you know start working and start saving up to like move out or live on my own and you know hopefully like just be on my own. But now that my parents are unemployed, it just makes me kind of question like you know, should I like put off my life for them? Like, you know, should I, you know, work but like work to help my parents instead of like allowing myself to be on my own. It's just there's just a lot going on I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I can't, I can't imagine like my oldest sister staining
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it lost her job because of Covid, she'll be back and the house and like her boyfriend moved into and like I feel really bad for her, but it's it's like cause problems with like, you know, I don't like her boyfriend so it's just like a mess and but I do feel bad for people getting unemployed because what do you supposed to do? It's not your fault. So um but yeah, I can imagine like I would feel the same way. Like should I stay home and help them or I know it's like a nurse, he would get a job easily, right? Because especially now I feel like they probably need nurses assuming.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like you shouldn't be like, I'm not too worried about that job market, but I know that there are people that are like really uncertain now because you know, a lot of liberal arts majors like film and um advertising. Like I don't know how that that's going to fare out for them, especially since there's so few jobs now because of covid.
SPEAKER_L: I think being like help through that, that's a good field to have a job opportunity almost always. Because I feel like especially with the first thing, I feel like there's always going to be a need, but with other majors. Yeah, I can
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: imagine to be a lot harder. Um Oh
SPEAKER_R: you like kind of worried right now or what do you feel about it?
SPEAKER_L: like in terms of blob wires or I am like, I don't know because I looked to see about jobs all the time and I feel like there's, especially in hospital settings, there's usually always something, but I don't know like since I'm not applying yet because I don't have my license, almost don't like looking for dogs because it kind of makes me sad because I can have a lot of them, but I am kind of worried. I mean I think I'm not in the worst situation, but I don't know, I don't know what to expect really when I started. Yeah, like I just don't know how it's gonna go. Um But well, see I do need a job though. Okay, so
SPEAKER_R: Well it's the only dieticians are typically like pretty important and need as well. I feel like anyone that's like in like the health care related fields are going to be a little bit more safer than compared to like other industries like restaurant and in
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: our hotels and all that. But you know, I really
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: hope for the best for you and I hope that you're able to get your license and find something soon.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm definitely really nervous about the test. I'm like I've always been good with like writing like papers and stuff like that, but tests have never and I know people say they're not good test takers, but I really don't feel like I am so I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I actually hate writing papers more than taking tests because I just don't know what to write. Obviously like I just don't know where to start or like what I expected. But I mean like the test, it's like you just pick the 24 answers and go from there. But I can see why you know, essays might be easier though because you do get to kind of like shape it the way that you just are saying what you want to say I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And like I just I'm nervous about like my nerves getting the better of me, you know? And that's when you like blank out on everything. So I don't know I mean for me like I can take it again if I don't pass the first time. Not the end of the world, but I don't know this always try to be positive whenever it happens.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So uh Right. I know. Do you have any pets or anything? I feel like I try to bring up pets in every conversation but it's always like picking up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I have a dog. I have a dioxin like a weirdo. Uh
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: huh. He turns 15 on Halloween old. Yeah, he's really cute. I love him. How about you,
SPEAKER_R: I have a cat back at home. Her name is hazel, she has hazel eyes. Um she's like pretty old though, like around 10 I think. Um she's like a Torti but she can be a little bit mean sometimes like she
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: is the type of cat that like will give you affection very rarely. Like only when you feed her but then otherwise like don't touch me like don't hang out with me, I don't want you.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not.
SPEAKER_R: It's really fine.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: You don't have a pet? It's cool. I'm assuming right? That would make sense. Like this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't have, I used to have a bunny though, I hadn't for like 10 years. His name was snowy and
SPEAKER_L: Don't want
SPEAKER_R: then he
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, bunnies are really cute but they're really hard to take care of. Like I feel like they're harder than dogs and cats to be honest. Because their diet is very specific. Like you have to give them, hey fresh vegetables, those pellets and like some like fruits but they are also pretty high basis in terms of like what you need to do for them. Like a lot of people are just like oh it's just a rabbit. Like you know they're not they're not hard at all. But like you need to make sure that like their nails are turned all the time. You need to bring them, make sure they have enough space. Like hop around and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: 13. Um when you
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: see your living at school,
SPEAKER_R: moving out you
SPEAKER_L: how does that work with Covid?
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: Like you know what?
SPEAKER_R: I love like off campus but I'm really close to campus still. Like it's literally just like a time that it walked for me to get to campus. Um It's pretty different. Like I live in a really different situation than most people. Like I feel like a lot of people live in apartments, but I live in something called A Coop. I don't know if you've heard of them before.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My friend, my friend, she went to school in boston and she would do those like she would interested a couple. Does that make sense? Like I feel like she would live somewhere else though and be doing something else, like not school she was working?
SPEAKER_R: like it's um Yeah, but we have co ops that are just for students. Um Yeah, they're run by like nonprofits and like, you know, the purpose is to provide affordable housing for students because Austin rent is not it, like it's so expensive. Um So these places like are essentially like think of like a big house and then you rent out your room in the house, but like the chores around the house and stuff like that are done community, so you have to play your part and like the house chores and like cooking and stuff like that. So um that's what it's like. Um it's not bad. I like it because there's structure to it. There's democracy. I came, I lived with some really bad roommates last year and this was a really good change for me because my roommates last year did not want to clean, they did not want to put in their part and it just, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Earlier.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's just nice to get away from that. And like also to be paying cheaper rent and to have a community I guess it's kind of an all in one thing. There are like certain precautions um like as a house, we're not allowed to have like groups of friends and anymore. We're not allowed to have like guess um you know, just not wearing masks and stuff. It's very like high in terms of like what rules we have for covid and stuff. But um yeah, before you live with your parents, did you live like off campus? On campus?
SPEAKER_L: Um yeah, so I lived in the dorm like one year and then after that I lived in apartments because like for my school I went to a lot of the apartment like complexes and apartment buildings like we're affiliated with the school so you could use financial aid. Um So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I lived in mainly apartments but I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: definitely had some roommates like even remain clever my friends before but like I didn't know that they were super messy, like they would never clean. And it's funny like I think there's some friends you just can't live with. So yeah like I had a rough time, I'm I'm not like a neat freak but it really bothers me
SPEAKER_R: Gassing.
SPEAKER_L: when people are messy so and it's awkward when it's your friend cause I don't wanna be like I mean but it's yeah it was rough sometimes, like it's hard. Um But there are a lot of people living there now like with Covid and a lot of people go home okay.
SPEAKER_R: like a lot of people, I think I feel like half and half are like here, you can have your back at home. I don't know if it's the same with you and your school.
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm doing online now, like I the program is online, like it wasn't I wasn't ever planning going there. Um but um I think because I have a friend, she's an undergrad and she said like most people left campus, she stayed on campus, so um you like the people you live with, so you need to have your own room, like how many people are in the house? Oh,
SPEAKER_R: we each have our
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: own warm. Right now, there are
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: like shared rooms that are supposed to be like shared with like two people, but because we have so few people, like originally the houses, Okay. Originally the house was going to have like 30 something people, but right now we only
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: have 14 because like a lot of people decide to cancel their lease because of covid. Um And so it's pretty chill, like I have my own room um have kind of my own bathroom. Typically you're supposed to share your bathroom with like the neighboring rooms, but because there's no one in the room next to me, I get the bathroom to myself, which is a plus because I don't know like you I hate messiness. It just bothers me a lot.
SPEAKER_L: we're ready.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm glad that like the people of the house are pretty generally clean, like they clean up after themselves. Um We have a communal kitchen as well as an industrial kitchen. There's a lot of like stuff in there that I've never seen before, but it's really nice but does get dirty kind of quickly because you're sharing it with 14 other people. So we're
SPEAKER_L: Would
SPEAKER_R: we have
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: like?
SPEAKER_R: kind of a casual as to like who does watch your um like how that's supposed to be done and stuff and there's an accountability system for that as well. So you can't just like say like oh yeah I did my tour and then like it's not done like you have to like submit a picture or some sort of proof that you did it. Um Which is what I like because like the roommates that I lived with last year, they are they were really really disgusting. They we tried to set up a system to like you know decide who does what, but they just kind of ignored it and the number of times I had to tell them that they would try to pin it on me be like oh we did it last time, you know like I think it's your return to and I was just really frustrating like they weren't my friends. Originally I found them off of facebook because I needed roommates and after that I'm never doing that again. I'm not doing Brando is like I don't know would you say that like living with your friends kind of like change yells friendship or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like it was just really one friend who was annoying, like everyone else was fine. Um No way, because we weren't like best friends really friends um like in a way kind of because I realized that she was pretty inconsiderate like getting considerably to live with, so I'm not, I like after that we didn't hang out as much. I just feel like she was one of those friends were like, you couldn't hang out with them all the time. It was more like in small doses where it was fine um like a little bit, it was just annoying. I never thought that she would be like that. Like she would also get all the lights on and like have people over really late on a Tuesday and there's thin wall, so like, it was just annoying. I would be trying to like I would be trying to sleep and then I don't know, she would never do her dishes. It was just like, to me that's like bizarre for people to be like that and consider it, but I guess people don't see it like that, I don't know. Uh huh Yeah, it was it was kind of annoying like especially now I whenever I can move out, like I really don't want to have roommates because for one thing I feel like I'm too old for that and I just don't want to deal with it like with a random person. Like I can't I can't do it just never, it's not going to happen. I don't know. Well
SPEAKER_R: would you want to find like a job like in Kentucky or do you want to like go somewhere
SPEAKER_L: Connecticut
SPEAKER_R: else about Connecticut story?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Um Actually I'm from Maine originally so I kinda wanna move back there. Um But I feel like I might need to find a job to your first live with my parents for a little bit and save money. Like that's probably what I'm going to have to do. But we'll see. It's just hard like it's so expensive and especially the pill let alone like it's a lot more expensive. So I don't know. I'm hoping I can figure it out. It's just like, and then I have student loans and like I'm just thinking of all the, all the things that add up. Um, but I don't know. Please, I can move out eventually. I feel like this is never going to happen. I don't know. I open my authority. So my parents. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean most people, I feel like most people like your age between 30 like are you know living with their parents especially like you know with COVID him. So it is a smart approach though. It's like save your parents to save up for a little because you know free rent. Like why not?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's nice. Like I'm just lucky. Um, when do you graduate? Not?
SPEAKER_R: 2022.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So are you a software junior? No,
SPEAKER_R: Junior
SPEAKER_L: let me.
SPEAKER_R: I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Okay, great. Yeah, our time is 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Well it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: so, and my good luck with school and stay healthy. And I hope everything works out like
SPEAKER_R: Nature.
SPEAKER_L: your roommates and wrestling.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you. You too.
SPEAKER_L: I hope that like are you going to keep talking to people who are you going to keep signing up?
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. I think I want to keep doing it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, good luck with all those people. I hope that you
SPEAKER_R: Let
SPEAKER_L: don't get any weird going.
SPEAKER_R: me see you too. All
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: bye.
SPEAKER_L: I have a good boy.