So how are you doing?
Um I'm from texas, what about you? Right, so what brought you to prolific
anymore?
It
um yeah, same here, like I found out about this because um well I go to school to and uh I have someone who is like working in a research lab and they told me about how they get their dad I wish, which is their prolific and they get like paper. So I was like, oh, you know, I want to check it out and like ever since then I've been doing it, like I have tried to other other things too. Like I was browsing the Reddit page called like I think beer money or something and they had, you know, swag points and stuff like that, but I didn't really like any of those just because it was really confusing and it felt like I had to do a lot more than what I do have prolific to just make the same about.
me
neither.
I did the first round of uh trials I think like
two months ago.
I
noticed that. Yeah I noticed that most of the people that I met on this study are like mostly men, like you're like the first female that. Yeah.
Yeah there were a bunch of like most of the guys that I talked to, they were probably know like 40s or 50s so they were like pretty old. Um but like it's funny because the most awkward conversation I had was with like some 20 year old I think he was from like Oklahoma or something. I don't know, he just didn't really know how to talk or like straight up the conversation so it was just really awkward.
Well what school do you go to?
I got a U. T. Austin.
Yeah I'm undergrad. I'm doing nursing right now.
Honestly
it's been kind of a challenge. Like it's kind of ironic because in the beginning I was like oh yeah you know a lot of my classes are online and I get to just do it from my bed. But it's kind of been a challenge in terms of like learning. I don't really learn well. Like like seeing stuff just through a screen. Like I like it when I am like washing my professor lecture. Um And in terms of like clinical and stuff like we're still
having those but it's a lot more limited as to like how often we can go and like what stuff we can do because of Covid obviously. So it's been kind of a challenge but I've been trying to make the best out
of it. Like I've also been not really seeing my friends that much because a lot of them are either like back at home with their parents or like, you know, they're busy or just trying to avoid seeing people in general. But what
about you?
Get
moving.
Well yeah, I think there's something somewhere where I had to do, like I had to see her assessment on someone through video. Um But yeah, so things started going downhill last semester, like right when I was like learning how to do catheters, so I don't really know how to do that and it's kind of scary because they didn't really review with us like how to do it um since school has started. And um yeah, it's just like a big like there's just a big gap of just like Miss knowledge and learning. So I feel like I'm kind of behind in terms of what I'm supposed to know at this point in my college career I guess, and like I'm trying my best, but it's just frustrating
because you know, there's so much going on and like, you know, mentally it's pretty difficult to like I wasn't quarantined like with my parents right, when things started going down and um just like being around my family and like not be able to see anyone else was pretty tough mentally because like, I don't get me wrong, I love my parents, I love my family, but there was a reason as to why I chose to go to a school that's not close to home, so. Yeah.
I don't feel like it's like, I feel like it's kind of hard because I tell myself like, oh like other people probably in a worse situation like yours, you shouldn't be complaining about it. But at the same time I feel like what you feel is like valid because just because you know something isn't like the worst case in there doesn't mean that you have to be satisfied with it. Like it's
tough for everyone. Like my parents are both unemployed now because of covid
and like you know we're doing okay but it's just kind of like I don't know it just was like nothing is going to happen until like we get over this like covid era. I don't even know anymore. Like I don't know if I mean I'm kind of a pessimist with this but like I'm just have to say like I don't think coming up with the vaccine is gonna solve everything because it's just gonna bring up more issues like oh you know people will refuse the vaccine because they don't want it. How
are we going to get enough for everyone? Like I don't know I am like trying to be optimistic about it but like I'm just kind of worried about what the future has to hold.
That's
it.
You
know the government does. I don't know. It just yeah, everything just feels like so uncertain now. Like I felt so confident like last semester before because we went down I was like okay all right, you know what I'm gonna do? Like I'm just going to go through college and graduate then you know start working and start saving up to like move out or live on my own and you know hopefully like just be on my own. But now that my parents are unemployed, it just makes me kind of question like you know, should I like put off my life for them? Like, you know, should I, you know, work but like work to help my parents instead of like allowing myself to be on my own. It's just there's just a lot going on I guess.
All
Yeah. Like you shouldn't be like, I'm not too worried about that job market, but I know that there are people that are like really uncertain now because you know, a lot of liberal arts majors like film and um advertising. Like I don't know how that that's going to fare out for them, especially since there's so few jobs now because of covid.
Are
you like kind of worried right now or what do you feel about it?
Well it's the only dieticians are typically like pretty important and need as well. I feel like anyone that's like in like the health care related fields are going to be a little bit more safer than compared to like other industries like restaurant and in
our hotels and all that. But you know, I really
hope for the best for you and I hope that you're able to get your license and find something soon.
I actually hate writing papers more than taking tests because I just don't know what to write. Obviously like I just don't know where to start or like what I expected. But I mean like the test, it's like you just pick the 24 answers and go from there. But I can see why you know, essays might be easier though because you do get to kind of like shape it the way that you just are saying what you want to say I guess.
Yeah. So uh Right. I know. Do you have any pets or anything? I feel like I try to bring up pets in every conversation but it's always like picking up.
huh.
I have a cat back at home. Her name is hazel, she has hazel eyes. Um she's like pretty old though, like around 10 I think. Um she's like a Torti but she can be a little bit mean sometimes like she
is the type of cat that like will give you affection very rarely. Like only when you feed her but then otherwise like don't touch me like don't hang out with me, I don't want you.
It's really fine.
No,
I didn't have, I used to have a bunny though, I hadn't for like 10 years. His name was snowy and
then he
yeah, bunnies are really cute but they're really hard to take care of. Like I feel like they're harder than dogs and cats to be honest. Because their diet is very specific. Like you have to give them, hey fresh vegetables, those pellets and like some like fruits but they are also pretty high basis in terms of like what you need to do for them. Like a lot of people are just like oh it's just a rabbit. Like you know they're not they're not hard at all. But like you need to make sure that like their nails are turned all the time. You need to bring them, make sure they have enough space. Like hop around and stuff. Yeah.
Like
moving out you
like
I love like off campus but I'm really close to campus still. Like it's literally just like a time that it walked for me to get to campus. Um It's pretty different. Like I live in a really different situation than most people. Like I feel like a lot of people live in apartments, but I live in something called A Coop. I don't know if you've heard of them before.
like it's um Yeah, but we have co ops that are just for students. Um Yeah, they're run by like nonprofits and like, you know, the purpose is to provide affordable housing for students because Austin rent is not it, like it's so expensive. Um So these places like are essentially like think of like a big house and then you rent out your room in the house, but like the chores around the house and stuff like that are done community, so you have to play your part and like the house chores and like cooking and stuff like that. So um that's what it's like. Um it's not bad. I like it because there's structure to it. There's democracy. I came, I lived with some really bad roommates last year and this was a really good change for me because my roommates last year did not want to clean, they did not want to put in their part and it just, yeah,
yeah, it's just nice to get away from that. And like also to be paying cheaper rent and to have a community I guess it's kind of an all in one thing. There are like certain precautions um like as a house, we're not allowed to have like groups of friends and anymore. We're not allowed to have like guess um you know, just not wearing masks and stuff. It's very like high in terms of like what rules we have for covid and stuff. But um yeah, before you live with your parents, did you live like off campus? On campus?
Mhm.
Okay.
What?
Gassing.
like a lot of people, I think I feel like half and half are like here, you can have your back at home. I don't know if it's the same with you and your school.
we each have our
own warm. Right now, there are
like shared rooms that are supposed to be like shared with like two people, but because we have so few people, like originally the houses, Okay. Originally the house was going to have like 30 something people, but right now we only
have 14 because like a lot of people decide to cancel their lease because of covid. Um And so it's pretty chill, like I have my own room um have kind of my own bathroom. Typically you're supposed to share your bathroom with like the neighboring rooms, but because there's no one in the room next to me, I get the bathroom to myself, which is a plus because I don't know like you I hate messiness. It just bothers me a lot.
Yeah. I'm glad that like the people of the house are pretty generally clean, like they clean up after themselves. Um We have a communal kitchen as well as an industrial kitchen. There's a lot of like stuff in there that I've never seen before, but it's really nice but does get dirty kind of quickly because you're sharing it with 14 other people. So we're
we have
like
kind of a casual as to like who does watch your um like how that's supposed to be done and stuff and there's an accountability system for that as well. So you can't just like say like oh yeah I did my tour and then like it's not done like you have to like submit a picture or some sort of proof that you did it. Um Which is what I like because like the roommates that I lived with last year, they are they were really really disgusting. They we tried to set up a system to like you know decide who does what, but they just kind of ignored it and the number of times I had to tell them that they would try to pin it on me be like oh we did it last time, you know like I think it's your return to and I was just really frustrating like they weren't my friends. Originally I found them off of facebook because I needed roommates and after that I'm never doing that again. I'm not doing Brando is like I don't know would you say that like living with your friends kind of like change yells friendship or? Yeah.
would you want to find like a job like in Kentucky or do you want to like go somewhere
else about Connecticut story?
I mean most people, I feel like most people like your age between 30 like are you know living with their parents especially like you know with COVID him. So it is a smart approach though. It's like save your parents to save up for a little because you know free rent. Like why not?
2022.
Junior
I guess. Yeah.
Well it was nice talking to you.
Nature.
Yeah. Thank you. You too.
Thank you. I think I want to keep doing it. Yeah.
Let
me see you too. All
bye.