Uh huh. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Make it. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. What? Hey, how are you?
Good. Where do you live?
Um I mean
I'm in school so really just money and I've tried like other sites. Um I think this is the best one. I've tried other sites where it's weird like you get points or you don't I don't know it was confusing so I feel like this is the one that was the most like, I don't know, kind of real in terms of getting actual money.
Um So really Yeah, just for extra money. How about you?
mm. Yeah, I went on that page two. I think that's how I found out about this site because I tried this swag bucks one and I like just didn't understand it. Um Yeah, and you really
do
anything. Yeah. I don't know, it just didn't make sense. And I feel like the surveys on this are actually they're interesting and of course from universities and stuff. So have you done like this before this this room?
What?
Yeah. Yeah me too. Do you need like a lot of interesting people there? Any
weird?
I only met one man. I've done yeah I did the last round and there was only one time there was a guy. So that yeah that's interesting. It's mostly been females that I've spoken to. Oh was it any like awkwardness or I guess it was awkward anyway this whole thing but I feel like it'd be weirder with I don't know maybe someone like a lot older he's a man and like
That was my worst fear going into this with getting matched with someone who didn't talk because I feel like I can't carry the conversation on myself for 25 minutes so I don't know. It would just be really hard. So I'm sorry.
Um, I'm doing my Masters online through Northeastern. Um, How about you? Yeah.
Okay, that's cool. How is are you an undergrad?
Oh, I'm doing um, well, I'm actually studying for my boards to um, get my license, the dietician, So yeah. Um, but how is school with
like covid, how is that going?
Had,
what,
That's
um, that's right. All right. All week. It's okay. It's just weird because I got out of, uh, my dietetic internship I had to do and like luckily I finished before everything kind of went downhill. Um, but I just went from being really busy to like working to just doing school online. Like it just went from here to 100 or yeah, like, I don't know, I went from seeing all these people and then now I don't so
it's kind of isolated
to me. Um I mean I live with my family but I don't know it was hard kind of mentally for me I guess. Uh huh. But my friends also in nursing school so and she was like in her clinical when everything happened and I know she's having a hard time with it because she can't do them like as often or it's going to take longer for to graduate now and all this stuff so I can imagine that's hard. Um She was upset, she had to do some stuff to like by video like should take videos of herself. Um and it just sounded really hard. So you have you have to do that. Like she said she had to do a video of herself like giving a fake person like a catheter or something and I'm like, what?
And
Right. Yeah, I understand that. Like I love my parents too, but I'm around them like so much more now where I was like going I was working like out of the house so much and I didn't see them as much, so now it's like, I don't know, and I'm 25, so I just feel like right now I'm like this isn't what I was supposed to be doing, my plans just kind of got like messed up. So it's I know a lot of people are in the same boat and I don't want to complain, but it's it's hard not to when you're like, I don't know, and I don't see my friends as much either, so it's like I almost feel like I'm, even though I have to do a lot of work, like I'm lazy because I I'm not going out as much. So it's like, I don't know.
No.
No.
I'm sure.
I am the same way. I feel like I'm not is um but yeah, I was thinking about that too. With the vaccine, there are definitely people who aren't going to take it. And then yeah, like I just wonder how was everyone going to get it? I feel like that would take a while. When are they even getting started or when is it going to come out like a really long time. So yeah.
I
feel like we're all stuck
in like the government just sucks so like I don't know.
Yeah. I can't, I can't imagine like my oldest sister staining
it lost her job because of Covid, she'll be back and the house and like her boyfriend moved into and like I feel really bad for her, but it's it's like cause problems with like, you know, I don't like her boyfriend so it's just like a mess and but I do feel bad for people getting unemployed because what do you supposed to do? It's not your fault. So um but yeah, I can imagine like I would feel the same way. Like should I stay home and help them or I know it's like a nurse, he would get a job easily, right? Because especially now I feel like they probably need nurses assuming.
I think being like help through that, that's a good field to have a job opportunity almost always. Because I feel like especially with the first thing, I feel like there's always going to be a need, but with other majors. Yeah, I can
imagine to be a lot harder. Um Oh
like in terms of blob wires or I am like, I don't know because I looked to see about jobs all the time and I feel like there's, especially in hospital settings, there's usually always something, but I don't know like since I'm not applying yet because I don't have my license, almost don't like looking for dogs because it kind of makes me sad because I can have a lot of them, but I am kind of worried. I mean I think I'm not in the worst situation, but I don't know, I don't know what to expect really when I started. Yeah, like I just don't know how it's gonna go. Um But well, see I do need a job though. Okay, so
sorry.
huh.
Yeah, I'm definitely really nervous about the test. I'm like I've always been good with like writing like papers and stuff like that, but tests have never and I know people say they're not good test takers, but I really don't feel like I am so I don't know. Yeah.
Right. And like I just I'm nervous about like my nerves getting the better of me, you know? And that's when you like blank out on everything. So I don't know I mean for me like I can take it again if I don't pass the first time. Not the end of the world, but I don't know this always try to be positive whenever it happens.
Yeah. I have a dog. I have a dioxin like a weirdo. Uh
huh. He turns 15 on Halloween old. Yeah, he's really cute. I love him. How about you,
No.
I'm not.
Okay.
You don't have a pet? It's cool. I'm assuming right? That would make sense. Like this. Yeah.
Don't want
it.
13. Um when you
see your living at school,
how does that work with Covid?
Like you know what?
Yeah. My friend, my friend, she went to school in boston and she would do those like she would interested a couple. Does that make sense? Like I feel like she would live somewhere else though and be doing something else, like not school she was working?
Earlier.
Um yeah, so I lived in the dorm like one year and then after that I lived in apartments because like for my school I went to a lot of the apartment like complexes and apartment buildings like we're affiliated with the school so you could use financial aid. Um So
yeah,
I lived in mainly apartments but I
definitely had some roommates like even remain clever my friends before but like I didn't know that they were super messy, like they would never clean. And it's funny like I think there's some friends you just can't live with. So yeah like I had a rough time, I'm I'm not like a neat freak but it really bothers me
when people are messy so and it's awkward when it's your friend cause I don't wanna be like I mean but it's yeah it was rough sometimes, like it's hard. Um But there are a lot of people living there now like with Covid and a lot of people go home okay.
Um I'm doing online now, like I the program is online, like it wasn't I wasn't ever planning going there. Um but um I think because I have a friend, she's an undergrad and she said like most people left campus, she stayed on campus, so um you like the people you live with, so you need to have your own room, like how many people are in the house? Oh,
no.
Good.
No.
we're ready.
Would
you
like?
like it was just really one friend who was annoying, like everyone else was fine. Um No way, because we weren't like best friends really friends um like in a way kind of because I realized that she was pretty inconsiderate like getting considerably to live with, so I'm not, I like after that we didn't hang out as much. I just feel like she was one of those friends were like, you couldn't hang out with them all the time. It was more like in small doses where it was fine um like a little bit, it was just annoying. I never thought that she would be like that. Like she would also get all the lights on and like have people over really late on a Tuesday and there's thin wall, so like, it was just annoying. I would be trying to like I would be trying to sleep and then I don't know, she would never do her dishes. It was just like, to me that's like bizarre for people to be like that and consider it, but I guess people don't see it like that, I don't know. Uh huh Yeah, it was it was kind of annoying like especially now I whenever I can move out, like I really don't want to have roommates because for one thing I feel like I'm too old for that and I just don't want to deal with it like with a random person. Like I can't I can't do it just never, it's not going to happen. I don't know. Well
Connecticut
Yeah. Okay. Um Actually I'm from Maine originally so I kinda wanna move back there. Um But I feel like I might need to find a job to your first live with my parents for a little bit and save money. Like that's probably what I'm going to have to do. But we'll see. It's just hard like it's so expensive and especially the pill let alone like it's a lot more expensive. So I don't know. I'm hoping I can figure it out. It's just like, and then I have student loans and like I'm just thinking of all the, all the things that add up. Um, but I don't know. Please, I can move out eventually. I feel like this is never going to happen. I don't know. I open my authority. So my parents. Yeah.
Yeah. It's nice. Like I'm just lucky. Um, when do you graduate? Not?
Okay. So are you a software junior? No,
let me.
Cool. Okay, great. Yeah, our time is 25 minutes.
so, and my good luck with school and stay healthy. And I hope everything works out like
your roommates and wrestling.
I hope that like are you going to keep talking to people who are you going to keep signing up?
Yeah. Well, good luck with all those people. I hope that you
don't get any weird going.
Thank you.
I have a good boy.