SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Whoa. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. What? Mhm. Mhm. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Hey. Good, good. So I guess we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes. Yes. Yeah. So um so what what what city are you in?
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually in new york, how about you?
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I'm in Gainesville florida. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Both
SPEAKER_L: are you in
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: city
SPEAKER_R: east coast.
SPEAKER_L: Patton or new york? Are you in new york city or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The city, yep, Brooklyn actually.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, cool. Yeah, I love it up there. I go up there at least once every two years. I have a good friend who lives in queens, but there
SPEAKER_R: Queens, not people.
SPEAKER_L: I was there in october and it was, the weather was perfect.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was really nice. Uh Pretty mild these last two seasons I'd say.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, I guess you guys are, you know, kind of in a hot spot, you know, I think herbs coming down right now, but my buddies in queens and he's I think that's the has the highest concentration right now, ironically corona. The, I was reading the neighborhood's called corona and like south Korea or whatever actually have the highest concentrations. Which is kind of ironic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it's pretty funny.
SPEAKER_L: So have you been doing prolific for what?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I actually just started like a like a month ago I think. Um Just nice easy way to in a little extra change on the side.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, same here. I started probably early March and I've already made, I would say about $120.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. Yeah, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, and I mean I am working, I'm still employed, I work full time for the city here in Gainesville. And um and so, but you know, I'm working half from home. I'm still having to go in. I'm essential considering essential worker. So, so if I'm at home and I've got some time, I'll just pop into prolific and you know, this is certain this is the most extensive one I'll have done. You know, usually take those two minutes surveys for three minute ones. Um But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, same with me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So um, are you a student up there?
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah I mean uh work at a startup, so we've been like working from home for the last mid mid March, probably like March 15 16 around then,
SPEAKER_L: So cool. So um yeah, I'm a video producer for the city in the communications departments. I run, I run the video department. And so we've been, you know, we've all of the meetings um I'm in charge of broadcasting all city commission meetings and plan boards and things like that. We have a tv station that I run. And and the meetings are all ramping up now, they have all this business, they didn't mean for like three weeks and now everything is piling up and everything's through zoom and you know, we're trying to figure out how to prevent zoom bombing and how to make sure that we get closed captions for the hearing impaired. And now the big thing is people are insisting them, we started doing sign language, we got some complaints um that we weren't doing sign language, so we have a live interpreter and the zoom call. And now we're getting demands that we do everything in spanish as well. And uh so it's just it's, you know, it's really, you know, getting really complicated. And then we also do marketing videos, and promotional videos and stuff for social media. And so, uh and it's hard to get hold of people or to get together in the same room. And so, you know, it's hard to do production right now. So, you know, we've been just doing some, like, animations to promote social distancing face mask, wearing that kind of stuff that we can do from the house. And so, you know, but I I we don't expect here, um, for this us to go back to work until this june. And, and even then it's gonna be a little a little hard to, there's four of us, like in broadcasting in digital media that are all in the same space. So we're going to have to like figure out split shifts or at least to june and just figure out how to accommodate that. And, you know, I don't want to be wearing a face mask eight hours a day at work either. So, um,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah we're working from home at least until like I think august. Um Yeah and like obviously like subject to be further because we just like I don't know if it's gonna get words if it's going to stay like this, but at least my company, I think that like the mayor and governor supposed to uh I think the official dates must be May 15 just open up, but they're probably going to punch that back.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I find that hard to believe. Yeah, because um, you know, like I said, you're, you're curve up there is on the way down and so is ours down here. But Um, you know, there's still so much we don't know yet about, you know, they say after 14 days, you can no longer spread it. Well, are we certain of that? There's, there's so little that we know right now and they're, you know very well could be a second wave, you know, in the fall. And I mean, I don't know how you feel about wearing masks and all
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: that kind of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like you have to in here like um the mayor is like, yeah, if you're outside and you're so even if you're socially distancing, you have to like where some kind of protective covering um like
SPEAKER_L: That's right,
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: mandatory.
SPEAKER_R: it's mandatory. Yeah, like, I don't think they're gonna like find you or anything like that. Um But yeah, like the mayor is like, you have to wear the mask that they find businesses if they're open, they're not essential. But um it needs to be like a face covering, like something like a scarf or something just so that you block the droplets, Not necessarily a surgical mask, but some kind of protect the matter where.
SPEAKER_L: Well, this, this week, they, so the state, like the governor said that as of monday of this week, that's like he called it phase one of the reopening. So certainly a lot of retail can open up and restaurants as long as They don't have more than 25% of capacity in the store at a time For restaurants, you gotta have a seat no more than like four people per table, tables six ft apart. Um And the face masks are mandatory for people who work in retail and restaurants, but not for the customers. So, but you know, each restaurant and retail establishment can set their own policies and um that's already, I was reading the paper that's already led to some people calling the police. You know, when the store owners demand that they put on a mask, you can't come in here and like you're violating my rights and that kind of stuff. But you know what about our rights not to get sick, you know? Right? So uh you know when I see a lot of this protest stuff going on, it's just unbelievable to me that you know this is find a better cause you know.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. I I don't know. I think it's because like, you know, like new york is like the epicenter sort of for the country, but it's like, it's like pretty bad idea. It's like hospitals
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: are like, you know, like they have like refrigerated trucks because like, you know, the fatalities are so high, so they just don't don't see it firsthand,
SPEAKER_L: Right? I mean, I think the New York New York City has like 25,000 to 30,000 deaths, right? I mean it's like, I think
SPEAKER_R: somewhat.
SPEAKER_L: what's that? Almost half of the U. S. Total. And so you know, now now now Trump is saying we could could could go easily go up to 100,000, which is what they were saying all along, they were saying 100,000-200,000. Heard estimates of the size like 1.2 million. But um I think I I personally think it's just too soon um for most of the country, you know, and and and the places that are really itching and moving ahead are the places where it's now in the midwest and places that were late in getting this uh and there's some of the first to reopen and you know, that's where a lot of the protests are. And uh you know, I don't want to be cynical, but my thinking is like, all right, well, if you want to get sick, yeah, then then why don't you all gather together uh in your protests and don't wear mass, be sure not to wear masks and yeah, and coughing up, you know? Mhm. But,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's so silly. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: Imagine.
SPEAKER_L: what's the weather like up there? Is it cool right now, or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's surprisingly um surprisingly cold for May. Like it's uh like mid sixties uh low sixties, I'd say.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. So, yeah, we're already getting upper 80s here and next week. Next week it will be in the 90s, which is about, You know, we start to hit the 90s in June, but um you know, I love, I mean, I I ultimately want to, I think when I retire, I want to end up in new york city. Yeah, I don't want to retire to some little town and where there's not much to do and live in the woods or anything like that, I want to be able to, you know, live the kind of urban life that you guys live, you know, go to my bodega at the corner store and uh you know, that kind of stuff and be able to walk places and get rid of my car. You know, Hopefully I can afford it, you know, a decent retirement. My buddy who lives with Queens was telling me recently, uh so I'm 56, he's like 47 and um You know, some problem at least 10 years away from retiring. And uh but he was telling me um he's been there since 1990 man, I don't think I want to end up in florida, you know, when I get ready to retire. So I was joking with him, like, well let's let's swap places, you can, you can keep your apartment, let me stay there, you can stay at my house, um you know, down here. And so um but so what kind of um so what's the startup that you're involved with? What uh what field is it in? What kind of?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's um it's called Better Cloud. It's like saS operations. Um It's actually like, I'm lucky enough that it's like one of the companies that like, yeah, I don't want to say like it's waiting for a situation like this but it's like what we do is like we manage like um google suite zoom office 365 slack basically whatever uh sas application you have. Um So like we like pitch like I. T. People and stuff and they're like still around and you know they're essential since everyone's working from home. Um I guess we're lucky because like you know we haven't had to let anyone go technically because of budget cuts, anything like we fired people but technically it was because of performance but um yeah we haven't had any major layoffs. Um But yeah I have like buddies working at like yeah open like open table and like start ups like cater to like restaurants and restaurants are closing so you know massive layoffs and stuff but I'm lucky.
SPEAKER_L: and I think the the restaurant business is gonna be hurting for a while. I think people are gonna be nervous to get around large groups. I think much of, you know, I don't know, I'm of two minds. There's part of me that thinks that people are so cooped up and so itching to get out that they're going to take risks and then, you know, I'm one of those people, but I'm not gonna take risks, you know? Um but but I was just thinking about your, you know, your your situation where you're in a startup, I mean, I'm going to assume that there's not a lot of revenue coming in right now and that you're relying on venture capital or funding or whatever, so, so you're probably in a good position to not lay people off right now, if you're just not relying, not being concerned about revenue being down, or I don't know how how old your startup is or you know, any of that kind of stuff, but um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's uh it's funny like we were actually like supposed to do another round of funding like right before this happened. But um yeah, I think we have like a pretty good like runway in terms of like um like money in the bank and stuff at least. That's what the Ceo told us. Like, you know, if we had no money in the bank. I don't know if you tell us. Uh mm.
SPEAKER_L: right. I mean, if you were, you know, an airline right now and revenue drops 90%. Well, yeah, you're going to lay people off, but but yeah, I think, you know, if you're in a startup then theoretically you've got enough money to survive until, you know, before you start making a profit to get the business off the ground, that kind of stuff. And I consider myself real fortunate to have a government job right now. There is not, the city is committed to not laying anybody off at all right now, but, but our fiscal year starts in october and I fully expect layoffs because, you know, sales tax revenues are down. So, you know, we're a college town, so, you know, the half of our, you know, we got the university of florida here, half of our population is students and we've got there's very little property tax money because there's so much, you know, education and government, so we really rely on sales tax and property on sales taxes and that's going to be way, way down. And you have sent all, all students home um in late March, you know, is that spring break was ending and they said, don't come back. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: and then they put out the word because I have a lot of friends I used to work at, um I worked there for 14 years until they closed my department, but um, but I stopped a lot of friends who work over there and teach over there and, and, you know, professors were told like, on a thursday, move your class online by monday. So, um, you know, that's not easy to do. And I I graduated from, I got, I got, I wonder you f in in the 80s, I dropped out and I just
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: finished my Bachelors last May, so it was completely online. So, you know, you know, I enjoyed the experience, but I think you're going to see, you know, like a lot of students say, hey, I want to like this, I want to stay online. It's not that they don't want to come back to gain. So you know, but I could see them just wanting to come back here just a party and you know, take all the are smoking. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: but but yeah, roughly half of our population of students, so you know, a lot of them are gone. They were, they were told if you can, they cleared the dorms, you know, go home to your parents, take your classes online. They canceled all campus classes for the summer. Just like, I'm sure a lot of universities have done. They also move the start date for, for the fall semester, a few weeks in. Um And I, you know, everything I'm reading says, you know, you can expect at least a second wave of this stuff so and sometimes it comes back even worse. Oh God, I hope not. But I just I don't think the economy can take another two months of closure, you know or people. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think I read a stat like somewhere that's like the unemployment claims or something or up to like 20 or 30 million right now. Like that's insane. That's like an unemployment rate of like depression level. Like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly, during the depression, unemployment was like 25%. I mean we're yeah, we're almost we're almost there and yeah, you know, so so yeah, I think you know those of us who still have jobs, you should consider ourselves fortunate and and to be honest, I don't, you know, I have a lot of friends, I don't um Well I take that back, I have a few friends who are in like bartenders, waitresses, but I know very few people have been laid off. I'm not saying that you know That there aren't layoffs, but but like, you know at least here in Gainesville it's like government employees, like 60 or 70 Of the working people here. You know, you got you got the U.F. you got a big community college has 20,000 students, 70,000, you know. And so you know, but it's just uh but I just don't think, you know, I think if there is another a second wave, it's going to be even worse than this one because people are gonna be reluctant and say screw this, you know, I'm gonna go out, I'm not going to change my life. Um And and you know, I read I wrote a column yesterday, the new york Times. It was basically about the guy said, you know, I find this scary, but I think it's a real possibility that people just accept the high numbers of deaths, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But that's insane though. It's
SPEAKER_L: And yeah,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I mean, do you not only anybody who's gotten it?
SPEAKER_R: um not like basic like friends of friends um Like my girlfriend, like her, one of her college roommates um went to like she works at an airline so like of course like she got it, but yeah, no one like I know personally, just like one degree of distance.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because I don't know anyone yet, but I mean, you know, it's just a matter of time before we all know someone, you know? Um, But, but yeah, I hope not either. I hope that, you know, there's basically a cost benefit analysis, right? Like what's the cost of the economy versus the number of deaths? What's acceptable? Right? I mean, it's like setting a speed limit, right? So, You know, when, when, when most of this country went up to like from like 55-70 on the highways, well, they knew that It's going to lead to 10,000 more deaths, but commerce can be transported more quickly. You can get to places. So, you know, a decision was made. It was like, Okay, well, what's the trade off? What's the acceptable number of deaths and That kind of stuff. Um, and that was, you know, a lot of corporations do that too. And they're in their analysis like, you know, the Ford Motor Company in the 70's put out the pinto, you're probably too young to remember. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know that.
SPEAKER_L: our, it was a car that had, uh, like the tank, like, um, at the very back of the car, like, and then the trunk was like on the other side of the tank, you know? And so people were getting rear ended and the cars were just exploding and
SPEAKER_R: jesus.
SPEAKER_L: so there were thousands of deaths. And so yeah, so, so, so basically ford made a calculation that it came out in lawsuits years later. It's like, Okay, well, we'll be too expensive to move the gas tank to the side or underneath or whatever. This is the cost, $1,500 per car versus how much would we have to pay out in lawsuits and settlements and they made the determination that they would, they would rather pay the settlements and basically except deaths. You know, so I mean it's the same kind of calculation that's going on now trying to decide when to reopen and you know that kind of stuff. But
SPEAKER_R: Did you watch a fight club? That a movie? I think like the 90s, early 2000s.
SPEAKER_L: you like, you know, since I think since it came out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think the guys like the protagonist main job was like that he was like a safety inspector or something and he had to like, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: basically
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: do that like cost benefit analyses. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So um so is your background in I. T.
SPEAKER_R: no, I was actually a philosophy and classical languages major. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: sales is just like, you know, can you pick up a phone and call and can you write an email? So it was easy to get into.
SPEAKER_L: Well cool, cool. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh and congratulations on finishing your bachelors.
SPEAKER_L: Oh thanks. Thanks. You know, I mean I was, I was certainly, it was typically the oldest student in the class and in many cases I was older than my instructors too. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: doesn't matter as long as you learn, that's all that counts.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I personally I I did it, I did it uh just for a personal goal, You know, just to say, you know that, that I finished it, but it, but it paid off, you know at work right after um I got that I got a 30%, I got a promotion of 30% raise. You know I went off to Vegas uh to celebrate with some friends and then I got back and and you know my job had already was already being audited because I was underpaid and so when I got back it went up way more than I than I expected. So you know it paid off and also the city paid from all of my education so you know they paid for all my tuition and books too so um so that worked out well but but yeah thanks you know and I'm you know and I actually thought about well should I get a masters that I do? I really it was three years doing part time nights, early mornings waking up at five a.m. So I can get some work done that morning before going to work at eight. Um And weekends and it's like you know it's nice, it was nice to get my weekends back and um And to be honest and it was a production degree. I can't say that I learned a lot because I'm just I'm self taught, I've been doing video production uh for like 30 years and so so and because it's online it was you know if you take it on campus production units more hands on. Um But online it was all you know a lot of theory and communicating broadcasting law and that kind of stuff. Um So I did learn a little bit there with that but but it was just mostly so that I could say okay I got the degree so uh
SPEAKER_R: If you get a masters you can get another 30% raise and then you can go back to Vegas and then
SPEAKER_L: that at the city I mean I can get a teaching job or something like that. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But but yeah, now my job has just been incredibly stressful when this started. Um I thought to myself, wow, that's gonna be kind of like a vacation for at least a month. And and actually it's been the opposite, I would say that I'm working more now than I was before, especially because it's like ok you know on my computer like you know at work, I mean it's not exactly 9 to 5, you know I work different different hours, but I find myself like at nine o'clock I'm on my computer like let me check the work email and just see if like oh yeah actually someone emailed at eight o'clock, so let me reply. And so like I find myself working at nine o'clock at night or replying to an email at 5 30 in the morning or six in the morning and it just it almost feels like you're never off work and um so so that part I you know I I haven't enjoyed but but I'm just you know I'm kind of itching debt to get back in about a month and um and it's just been hard like finding work for you know the three people I supervise um because you know like I said it's a lot of what we do is production and it's hard for us to be in the same room with people filming them and that kind of stuff so um but anyway uh let's see what else we got a few more minutes I think.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. The thing about working from home, it's just yeah, exactly what you said. Just like separating. Oh this is where this is like this is the home and then like yeah, like definitely the first couple of weeks working from home here, it was like your work just bleeds into everything and you know, it's just all consuming.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Yeah when you know I mean I I tried what I started doing, I started doing this last week and I just told myself after 5 30 I am just not going to check my email, my working out. Um uh it can wait till the morning, you know someone has an emergency, they got my number like my boss or whatever, you know, she can call me, but but yeah, I've been trying to like, you know, get some semblance of just like normal um you know, cause I'm salary, so you know, I guess, you know, they worked me as many hours as as they want and uh and I'm also considered essential, so I haven't been able to take any time off and it's also hard to take time off and I'm supervising people and you know trying to get stuff for them to work on, but so well this man, I hope, let's see, let me just check the time here. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That's right.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: don't, you know, it said it's kind of a little confusing, opened up this window and we've got a timer and I don't know what your timer says, but mine says It's counting up, so it's like four minutes, you know, three?
SPEAKER_R: Mine is like 30, 30 40, 41, 42. Um I mean I think that means are really good like that. Is that 30 minutes and I don't think it's been 30 hasn't
SPEAKER_L: We it's it's said at least 25 minutes um I think, you know, I didn't click that forward button, but it was a little unclear, but you know, it's you know, it's just hit forward,
SPEAKER_R: uh you can use
SPEAKER_L: I mean i it's it's keeping track and I can see I you know, I
SPEAKER_R: woman.
SPEAKER_L: can see that it's being recorded because if you look at the screen it says archiving on at least my little window in the bottom left. Oh. Um but I think, I think we're good,
SPEAKER_R: we just
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: exit out now and then click forward.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and then you're supposed to go and answer questions I guess about the conversation, you know, how did the conversation go? You know, I don't know, I really don't know the purpose of this study. Just like a lot of those prolific things. Some of them
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: really are very clear, right? But there what they're researching, right? But some of them are really odd. Um You know, so. All right, man. Well, it's been good talking to you if
SPEAKER_R: Stay
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: stay safe and healthy.
SPEAKER_L: you too take care.