Hey, how's it going?
I'm actually in new york, how about you?
Both
the
east coast.
Yeah. The city, yep, Brooklyn actually.
Queens, not people.
Yeah it was really nice. Uh Pretty mild these last two seasons I'd say.
Yeah. Yeah it's pretty funny.
Yeah I actually just started like a like a month ago I think. Um Just nice easy way to in a little extra change on the side.
Oh wow. Yeah, that's awesome.
Yeah, same with me. Yeah.
No. Yeah I mean uh work at a startup, so we've been like working from home for the last mid mid March, probably like March 15 16 around then,
Yeah. Yeah we're working from home at least until like I think august. Um Yeah and like obviously like subject to be further because we just like I don't know if it's gonna get words if it's going to stay like this, but at least my company, I think that like the mayor and governor supposed to uh I think the official dates must be May 15 just open up, but they're probably going to punch that back.
Hey.
Yeah, it's like you have to in here like um the mayor is like, yeah, if you're outside and you're so even if you're socially distancing, you have to like where some kind of protective covering um like
not
it's mandatory. Yeah, like, I don't think they're gonna like find you or anything like that. Um But yeah, like the mayor is like, you have to wear the mask that they find businesses if they're open, they're not essential. But um it needs to be like a face covering, like something like a scarf or something just so that you block the droplets, Not necessarily a surgical mask, but some kind of protect the matter where.
Absolutely. I I don't know. I think it's because like, you know, like new york is like the epicenter sort of for the country, but it's like, it's like pretty bad idea. It's like hospitals
are like, you know, like they have like refrigerated trucks because like, you know, the fatalities are so high, so they just don't don't see it firsthand,
somewhat.
Yeah. It's so silly. I don't know.
Imagine.
Yeah. It's surprisingly um surprisingly cold for May. Like it's uh like mid sixties uh low sixties, I'd say.
Yeah, it's um it's called Better Cloud. It's like saS operations. Um It's actually like, I'm lucky enough that it's like one of the companies that like, yeah, I don't want to say like it's waiting for a situation like this but it's like what we do is like we manage like um google suite zoom office 365 slack basically whatever uh sas application you have. Um So like we like pitch like I. T. People and stuff and they're like still around and you know they're essential since everyone's working from home. Um I guess we're lucky because like you know we haven't had to let anyone go technically because of budget cuts, anything like we fired people but technically it was because of performance but um yeah we haven't had any major layoffs. Um But yeah I have like buddies working at like yeah open like open table and like start ups like cater to like restaurants and restaurants are closing so you know massive layoffs and stuff but I'm lucky.
Yeah it's uh it's funny like we were actually like supposed to do another round of funding like right before this happened. But um yeah, I think we have like a pretty good like runway in terms of like um like money in the bank and stuff at least. That's what the Ceo told us. Like, you know, if we had no money in the bank. I don't know if you tell us. Uh mm.
Okay.
But
That makes sense.
I think I read a stat like somewhere that's like the unemployment claims or something or up to like 20 or 30 million right now. Like that's insane. That's like an unemployment rate of like depression level. Like.
Yeah. But that's insane though. It's
like
um not like basic like friends of friends um Like my girlfriend, like her, one of her college roommates um went to like she works at an airline so like of course like she got it, but yeah, no one like I know personally, just like one degree of distance.
I don't know that.
jesus.
Did you watch a fight club? That a movie? I think like the 90s, early 2000s.
Yeah. I think the guys like the protagonist main job was like that he was like a safety inspector or something and he had to like, yeah,
basically
do that like cost benefit analyses. Yeah,
no, I was actually a philosophy and classical languages major. Um Yeah,
sales is just like, you know, can you pick up a phone and call and can you write an email? So it was easy to get into.
Oh and congratulations on finishing your bachelors.
doesn't matter as long as you learn, that's all that counts.
If you get a masters you can get another 30% raise and then you can go back to Vegas and then
Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. The thing about working from home, it's just yeah, exactly what you said. Just like separating. Oh this is where this is like this is the home and then like yeah, like definitely the first couple of weeks working from home here, it was like your work just bleeds into everything and you know, it's just all consuming.
Right. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh huh.
That's right.
All
Mine is like 30, 30 40, 41, 42. Um I mean I think that means are really good like that. Is that 30 minutes and I don't think it's been 30 hasn't
uh you can use
woman.
we just
exit out now and then click forward.
me
too.
Stay
stay safe and healthy.