waiting for kate out, wait and a collective. All of these things are so much more respect and that's on purpose, but they resurface often. So focus on the things that come with that we have one a day in your mind that you did the best you can still lesser than special with me out. You cannot basic thing when we can't even begin. Okay,
let me just pause my music.
Hey
How's it going? Um Coming from new york, are you go east or west coast or
texas? That's nice. Um
Yeah, no, I can only imagine
honestly. Um it's it's hard here but I'm sure will be even harder over there. Um
100 times.
Oh my gosh. No, I've just been sweating. Just not doing
anything so I can only about. So I see you have your your ears gave, how long did it, how long did it take to get those gauge?
Uh That's that's awesome. Yeah,
I've had a lot of uh I have a lot of friends that have engaged their ears before so I do know it's it's it's definitely a process so. Uh.
Oh no exactly like I I've seen and
heard horror stories about people that try
to taper
like
stretch it like
just
way to expedite the sleeve. So
um I've seen somebody like actually I went to high school with a kid who's who's here um ended up splitting and hat.
Oh man looks insane. Yeah. Yeah I'm just wondering how you troubleshoot that I guess like people get it sewed or there's a way to like hear it together that it would start growing together.
yeah, we love the night a good D. I. Y. Project willing together. Oh is um is that like a parody teenage movement ninja turtle shirt?
is that like a sick bands I don't know of? Mhm.
Which? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, no that's um really sick, I don't know any of the people that you mentioned except for rob zombie. I used to have a really sick rob zombie sweater when I was a teenager that my mom threw out because it looked really vulgar and disturbing. Uh It's from hot topic, I was like 15 or something but yeah, um I appreciate rob zombie and any alternative music and stuff like that that has an emphasis on individualism. Um I think that's really important in today's society and age where everyone is trying to conform to to similar aesthetics or mindset. So yeah, most definitely. Um yeah, I believe, I believe groups like that are are substantial to letting people feel like they're accepted or um you know, or like they can just be themselves relentlessly without trying to trying to fit like a cookie cutter image. And you know, I think the fans and people that enjoy the music to um they're so different as well and I really appreciate that when it comes to people's fan bases.
What's the posters in the back?
Oh yeah, I heard of that game also. Is he like into like the horror like gore or like just like, you
know?
Okay. That's cool. Interactive games are really cool at my friend's daughter. Like loves roadblocks every time I'm at her house. Actually, like I actually hear her
daughter
like playing Youtube videos of people playing roadblocks when she's not playing roadblocks and
like,
yeah, somebody in their twenties to I find it like super amazing how kids can navigate the internet and actually get what they're looking for. Like I I just, you know, like sometimes you can't comprehend
some things we're asking her of, but she knows how to how to get a definitive Youtube search on like the my little pony segment she was looking for. So it's kind of insane. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. I I definitely think
too. I
feel like there's two, there's two sides of the coins of like um of technology being more accessible and also within the hands of our younger generation, it's like, you know, it could be a weapon or a tool, you know, because the internet is scary place. But if if like boundaries and parental settings, like they can actually like achieve a lot of education on their own terms um
saying
Because there's definitely, I think
like sick
people or people
that are still trying to push the content regardless of limitations and they find like weird loopholes to still have them like show up as targeted
ad two kids and stuff like that. Um
Yeah, I mean at least parental settings exist, but I I still
believed
that they can
do a little more tweaking to to make it truly effective. Okay. So yeah.
Yeah.
I know. And so keep it in this like kids like innocent context. So they're like they're like literally like digesting this like from the most like innocent and pure mindset and it's pretty screwed. Um Yeah, so I think um
yeah, I'm I'm gonna double check on that. Yeah, it says um it says we have to talk for at least 25 minutes so we both get paid.
So it's
Yeah, well let's talk about 18 minutes. Um Let's think.
Do you have any tattoos?
little
And
uh huh. Yeah, I have some uh Yeah I have a finger, top toes.
is
like yeah my first tattoo, pardon the middle finger was on my middle finger um right here on this knuckle. And I guess that being my first tattoo kind of like set my pain threshold because like after that like the rest of my finger tattoos were like pretty easy or at least like um the pain I was receiving for it became something that actually became meditative and like you know, I took the physical pain in exchange for something else and release so to me that I was able to endure it. Um I would say this is a stick and poke. Have you have
you ever had or?
Yeah like prison style tattoo except I didn't do no time and I'm gonna try to keep it that way. Um So this is a stick and poke s and this was like really popular, especially like in public schools and stuff, like people would just like draw this on the tables and stuff like that.
so to me it's real nostalgic being from the nineties and my name starts with us, so I would actually do this s to spell my name because for some reason, even though my name started with the S my s is are like really ugly, like I I hate in my essays look and I'm forced to use it every time I put my name down. Um and I feel like it's embarrassing, so like when I was younger I would just like utilize these like chunky superman S is like, yeah, that's what I mean. Um This is a stick and poke to my friend actually did this within my house. It actually hurt a lot because it's like by the cuticle.
it
was
exactly like there's probably like nail underneath that so that was like a really sensitive spot. Um And then my friend did this, my angel numbers, it says 333 Um Anyone can interpret it how they will. Um That was very interesting because of the placement to, it definitely got some nerves. Um Most definitely so yeah and then oh yeah and then I had gotten some arm pieces, I'm like working on my sleeves right now. I don't know if you're familiar with harvey comics but they have cast yeah Casper the friendly ghost and hot stuff. The little devil be here.
Yeah actually collect actually collect the comics. Um Yeah so that's my relationship to it. It's also like see I got a hot stuff comment right here. Yeah I love comics. Um I feel like comics probably probably gave me better vocabulary than the books I didn't read in school. Um It's almost definitely um Yeah and to me like I, even though I love like the comic book and nostalgia and stuff, I feel like I, I could kind of relate to like hot stuff and like Casper the friendly ghost where it's like they're just misunderstood and they don't mean any harm but they constantly get perceive, they constantly get perceived as being harmful or or um you know, mischievous but at the same time they got your back and they're just trying to be your friend. So that's the way I not forget my relationship with paranormal stuff.
piercing. I only have my ears pierce and um yeah, I just wear like hoop earrings. But to be honest, I am trying to figure out when like I have a nearby piercer, open up appointments again. But I have to like totally make sure like they're they're like, you know their covid code is is solid because like I always wanted to get multiple piercings in my ear because like I really enjoy earrings and it, it takes a lot out of me to decide which one I should wear for the day. So I just figured like I got five or six, I could wear all of them at the same time. Uh huh. Yeah.
Oh it's
it's
What do you call that like when it's a book like?
Okay. I thought because I thought it was still like um yeah, I thought it was like on the con or something like
that.
Yeah. Yeah. They called the tigers. Uh huh.
Like
I mean
when you got your eyebrows pierced, did you get both of them pierced at the same time? Like that was the look you were going for, you did it on separate occasions.
Okay. Uh That's the
are,
that's what I was gonna ask earlier too because it seemed like a larger gauge. I was going to save you. So like you didn't necessarily gay journals. Pearson, you just pierced it with a thicker.
So
to her.
Yeah. No, I can only imagine it's interesting. Yeah. My boyfriend has his nose pierced. I did want to pierce my nose maybe one day. Um I don't know. I really like enjoy nose piercings too. I think also to like on a guy like compliments, they're like face. Well, I don't know. I always had a thing for nose piercings. Um
Is your vision good with all your glasses or? It's
like everything.
Yeah. Yeah. I have to get my eye
prescription
updated
which has been hard, like I've been relying on contacts right now but I actually prefer glasses. Um So that's like a process I have to do but I'm kind of like I like understand doctors and all that stuff but like
after having my eyes
kind
of messed
up for the past 10 years, like I try
to
limit
like the times I see my eye doctor because I almost feel like they're kind of like scared me. Like you know like I understand your eyesight does change but if if my eyesight is gonna like my eyesight eyesight should get progressively better in their care or stay the same if I see
Exactly. It's like the next time you see them they're like you know what,
you
can't
see that tiny little letter, like we're going to increase it. So it's just like they keep increasing the prescriptions and it's just like now I'm at this point if I'm not wearing my contacts, like everything looks like a pointillist painting and I'm totally unaware of my environment and my eyesight has progressively gone to that. So I'm just like satisfied with what I can see now and I'm actually terrified to like try to up my prescription. So I'm just finding a way to like renew it. Yeah.
On. Did they, did they did they give you any reasoning to to why they think it individually developed within you?
well.
Because I have heard of um I have also heard of people doing like I training which you can do with an eye doctors and apparently that's supposed to like lessen your need for glasses. I'm not really sure how that work. Um What do you think about
laser eye surgery? I think it sounds horrifying. But also like, I don't know.
involves a lot of trust. Yeah. No, that's definitely like, um, my brother got laser eye surgery when he um, after like before the military. Um, and he said like he doesn't regret that at all and it pays off to me. I would love to have great eyesight at all times. But like I'm also like, I'm scared of like that that percentage chance that like of like me trying to get my eyesight better and the percentage chance of just me losing an odd. So, so I'm just like, you know, it sounds like a really great reward but also
very
dangerous risk. But you know, I don't know. I, I kind of like, I like eyeglasses to like, I don't know the eyeglasses I had before, I felt like they student me really well and um I don't know, I think they frame my face ball and no, I just feel like I have too much of my face showing. I like having like a big frame just like Yeah.
huh.
yeah, those
medals.
I think your eyeglasses to suit you well. Um it takes a while to find the frame that suits you well because like for me, I like that frame a lot, but I just feel like my head shape is like weird for it and because like the metal like you said with the with I feel like I feel like you just be like hurting me. But
yeah, I'm more of like a like um more circular, like clear um and stuff. And I think that probably has to do with the fact that like since I was young, I always had like black rectangular glasses, so just like okay let's make
them
invisible,
so yeah, that's great. Um What do you think has been one of the difficulties during covid?
That's nice. Yeah. Um
I feel the same two. I feel like, yes, it's unfortunate some places are closed and and a lot of people are skeptical about sharing space with each other in terms of danger. Um But at the same time I've never had this much free time for myself, so it does make me reconsider and acknowledge um how much time like I've invested into other people or my workplace and I think even after going to work or being able to be around a bunch of people, I want to regulate this like self care time or like ours that I take to myself because like I've never actually experienced this. Um I'm just like trying to always work and grind all the time, so it's kind of refreshing. It is refreshing. Um Do you um do you find you call yourselves ordering a lot of takeout or are you all like home cookers?
Okay. That's good. Yeah. That's definitely resourceful and useful I think in the first month or something like we kind of got tired of cooking, so like maybe once in a while we get takeout, but then it then it came to the point where it's like no, that take out money is grocery money.
And.
Yeah, no doubt. And what I have found to, I feel like local businesses um they mean the best by staying open, but a lot of them are like going through price surges right
now, which is like, you know, I understand there's a supply and demand, but if they're able to fulfill their normal cost and if not more, it shouldn't be at the cost of the consumer because there's just a lot of like ordinary supermarket items going for like a percentage markup more and it's
definitely.
Yeah, most definitely. Um Yeah, that's why that's why too, I'm just like, I feel like this how does reevaluate a lot and a lot of, a lot of what was re evaluated to me was like um my perspective as a consumer and um like, you know, it's like we know that we can't, we are conscious that companies need to make a profit, but once they're taking advantage of the disadvantage when we're at a point where money is not stable and we are relying on these things to sustain ourselves, it's like a question of their morale because they they got their money going and we just need to play.
it's it's just like it's like a movie to them um
especially as a doggy dog girl, oh, how long does your your timer say by any chance you think we did the 25 minutes go
open?
okay, you've had three more minutes just to like make sure fulfilling
it.
Yeah, no problem,
No my
stuff. Um Yeah, have you ever, have you ever, are you like a craft or have you ever had like a small business idea or something? Have you ever like so something
exist?
no for sure my my my boyfriend's actually um like he's just like getting different pieces to build a gaming computer. Um Yeah he's like taking my gaming and streaming seriously, I even got him like
a gaming chair as well. Um Yeah, because this back has been getting messed up. What game? Uh you told me the game's your kid was into, What games are you into?
good.
Oh wow, that's so
yeah, I'm
super insulin
RPGS and stuff like that. Like build your old, build your own character, like interactive
stuff, that's just like
what you said this is a Skyrim extension or a new one?
60
is
is that available for three Ds? You think?
What,
what's the name of it? I actually want to look into it, I'm not writing it down.
Grand fire.
Oh, breath of fire. I was thinking of Grand theft Auto's like grandpa passed fire. Mhm
mm that's very interesting.
How we doing on project? I'm only asking because I actually forgot to eat lunch. My apologies. Mhm.
I said how are we doing on time? Because your time counter is more accurate than mine. I'm
and
yeah, mine's
was actually
opened before five minutes before you had arrived. Yeah,
it says 36 12.
Mhm. Okay. So um I think we're good. It was really nice talking to you and meeting you and I'm also glad we were able to have this conversation and also make money out of it. So yeah. Right. You use prolific? Is that, is that the,
I've been using them for a while and honestly I've been trying to suggest to people close to me to use this platform. Um like I can click my submissions right now. Um I've only been with prolific for um since like maybe may may or june and I've already made 100 and £40 with them which is like about $180 in U. S. Dollars.
wow, that's really great. Um I would recommend if your laptop is able and enable to to look into the prolific extension. It's a web extension um and it shows up on the on the side of your browser if you get the extension um you don't have to actively check prolific. It will actually, I don't know if you heard it earlier. It will actually tell you when there's a study available.
Yeah. You see the email too late. So if you're just actively on your computer, if you have the prolific extension, it will literally um speak to you and say that there's a study available as well as show Apapa browser. So
yeah, I recommend that if you're trying to maximize your money because I'm usually I'm prolific and attentive to the emails. But there has been times where I've just been listening to music and then like a prolific pop up comes off and then like boom. Like I made an extra dollar for just chilling. So yes, I wish you all the luck, um, and enjoy your
time with your sons is also a really pleasant conversation, I think. Uh,
all