Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. With me in my life. I don't know. Oh, all right. Mhm. Mhm. I didn't really pop. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. It is. Hello
And I will be coming with that kind of thing. Uh Yeah.
How's it going?
texas.
It's hot.
They
got the heat index is 100 and 10 today.
Yeah, that's like death Valley temperatures
thing.
Well, I I started in 2011 and I got to an inch by 2000 by the end of 2012 and then I ended up going another up another third inch since then.
Yeah.
Yeah, it can be pretty brutal if you do it wrong too.
Me.
It's
hard for
me.
You
look like
It's
that's pretty, Yeah, I know somebody that happened to, they were one size smaller than I am. They were uh one and a quarter because I'm one in a third and uh they didn't here there's for like four days straight and then they tried to put them in without any lotion or anything and one of them took the second one. It just snapped clean in half, right at the bottom, right?
He tried to glue it together but it didn't work. He just has to disciples.
Oh yeah, it's a twisted, the demented duo twisted. You heard about them? Um
They're like
rock type group that used to be on I. CPS label but they like started their own label and like they were like uh they worked with like a rob zombie a little bit. Uh and the people like Sid Haig before he died from a house of 1000 corpses. Uh He was in one of their videos and I'm one of their songs and then the guy that played Otis and all the devils rejects and all that. He's actually during two of their music videos on on several of the albums on their record label they made. And they had this really big festival on your couch during their main quarantine. And they had, they did it nonstop livestream 12 hours and they had something like 30 different performances, everything from metal to folk, to like straight rap and like juggling music too. And it's 12 hours. Okay. It's pretty cool. I watched like the last five of it.
Okay. I concur Oh,
oh, those are my sons once it and ones all the characters from five nights at Freddy's.
He's
too young for gore right now. But he likes to jump scare games, like videos with jump scares and but he's like really into like Minecraft and like uh, roadblocks. Uh huh.
Do you
think
that's
what my son run in the bedroom right now?
What happened?
The next gen set up to be really good at computers because it was like just blowing up when I was a kid, like, like real big, it's like, like windows 98 was really popular.
Thank
you.
There's a
lot to learn, but like Youtube in particular has a habit of like uh it gets out there like, so like sometimes recommended videos that pop up off, you're watching something like innocent will be like some like deranged crazy stuff or show all kinds of like death and suffering and so like you gotta like, yeah, watch out and like Youtube's parental controls are kind of kind of iffy because some of the stuff they allowed through, it's like some weird stuff like uh I don't know if you watch Tosh Point. Oh, but he showed some of the stuff that comes up on Youtube. It's just like insane. It's like supposed to be aimed towards Children. Yeah.
Thank you
very
much.
No.
Mhm. Yeah.
You
have
present.
Mhm.
Like don't be like a singing cat video and it's all innocent and they just start dropping F bombs and you're like, wait, what was that way?
Uh I think we have to talk for 30 minutes to make to get paid.
I
look exactly 2 58 and it took like two minutes before you popped up. So, so we've been talking for seven. So why do you want to talk about for like 18 minutes
that Yes.
Yeah, I got a hatchet man and then I got this. I'm gonna get it covered up if we get another stimulus like for sure because people always take it for a yellow ranger and I had somebody mistaken for like a like nazi insignia the other day and I was like, no, no, no.
It's a it's the golden driller. Like I'm from Tulsa Oklahoma and it's like this giant, it's this giant a statue that's like 90 ft tall. And uh it's like at the entrance to the fairgrounds, like dress it up for the fair. Like texas is all popular with its a big text. The big texas is only 40 ft tall. He's not even half as tall and they're all proud of him. And it's like, so like once I came to like I was coming to texas, I was like, I'm gonna wrap my steak. It's like
way bigger than text.
It does
hurt.
David
cooper as
Right on everything. The walls.
Yeah. It's like right there. Like I've had to
hang
me on that level before. That was just real bad.
It's on the red home. It's too
You don't got any piercings. Yeah.
Yeah. I got a second older than on both ears. They
don't
know if you see that uh
they just call them the second holds down here. I don't know if they have an official name.
I
know like right here they call it like a Travis.
There's like a bridge, like
through
the but I also got my eyebrows pierce. I
did it separate actually. My baby's mama did both of them.
She
also didn't my nose, the nose hurt worse than any of my piercings or tattoos may be combined. But I used a really big gauge needle. Like,
yeah, I just use the gauge needle. It
didn't have going in, but when it busts through on the inside,
that was bad, like that was like worse than any of the other piercings or taps by far.
usually
I
mean to be um like if I take them off, like right now I can see you fine, but like if I'm like looking off my balcony, like a face at 30 ft is like completely blurred out, like I wouldn't be able to recognize somebody like necessarily, but like I can see pretty much just fine.
What
do you think this
way?
Check
what
did
you say?
you
can
hear a little bit.
when we get to do it
before
the
show.
I need to get my prescription updated pretty soon. The, the eye doctor thanks to have glaucoma though, because when he was after, he dilated the pupils, uh had like moderate nerve damage to the optic nerve and they were uh my eye pressure is chronically high. So
no uh it can happen randomly
committing like some kind of medication I was on as a child or just it can be genetic cause eye problems tend to run in my family, and like most people in my family will have really good eyes until they're in their mid twenties and then they just progressively start going blind, like lee blind, but like legally blind, like meeting thick glasses by the time they're 50. Yeah.
What?
Uh I don't know, it does sound kind of scary, like them shining a big light in your eye, like an intense laser, like if they mess up like just a little bit like it that people. Yeah.
you
can get
people keep telling your mind, make me look smart because I've only had them for about a year now. Uh
but uh it's funny like I'm such a big head, I had to get the whitest frames in the entire store, like uh
like
most of them like goofy looking when we're like two small, they kept trying to push it up and I'm like, what those different
just like chris in,
I'm
taking
a look at first.
okay. A lot of stuff being closed and like uh like for good reason, most people don't want to just like hang out or whatever, you know? So it's been a little boring just sitting at home, but on the plus side of that, I've been able to spend more time with my son and I've been able to do a little reading and play some video games and Yeah,
maybe.
I cook like I cook a lot the main cook of the house.
And it's expected to
because like you can you order chinese even from the cheaper place, it ain't very good and it's like 38 bucks to feed four people and so if you get the good chinese food and like damn near 70.
Mhm.
yeah. Have you noticed beef? The price has gone up? Probably about it's like a £5 roll was like $13 now, it's about $18 so it's about five bucks. But what's messed up is that cattle prices are the lowest, that bends and start in the nineties. But instead of passing the savings on to us, they're sticking us with higher prices. Wait
it. Which is pretty dirty. Really?
You know Bezos has got super bas owes and the Waltons that own like a little over half of wal mart, both of the uh they made so much daring alright, so like during the lockdown and like it costs the millionaires a lot of money but it made the billionaires all the money with billionaires lost, you know what I'm saying? Because more people were talking online and the two biggest online retailers amazon amazon and walmart and so they made. But uh all the all the smaller ones were the ones clamoring to open everything back up and they were like small business owners to like protest essentially in favor of opening up stuff. But it's like, it's like some rich person's winning either way things go though, you
know, in the stock market there's actually a way you can invest in the stock that you think is going to do bad and make money off that. And so like during a crash. Yeah, so a lot of people do lose millions, even billions sometimes, but some people make that money off of them losing that money. So it's like either way it knows somebody wins.
I think
we should do at least three more minutes to make sure.
he had
to make their
move.
What?
I've actually done a little bit of my own business. I can build computers and I can build them fairly well. The only, I've done my own thing where like
bunch of people's houses and their varied computers before. The only thing about it is that because of stuff like geek squad and like cheap online mass marketers of computers you able to get unless you're building gaming computers, you can't really sell them easy because somebody can get something just as good a little cheaper from one of the big guys. But with gaming control the big catch about that to build a decent gaming computer, you need to put down at least 600 now, you can make 12 off of it. But if you don't have 600 to put it down then you can't do anything and plus once you put down that money. Mhm. If you mess up doing certain steps you can fry the motherboard or even fry pretty much everything, you just have lost all that like so it's make a living off of that like honestly, but it's a good little right gig if somebody's like hey my computer's bro, we're like 20 bucks, I'll come fix it unless you need something by and I'll put it in for like 20 more 30.
No.
I played geeky a five
quite quite a bit um I play UFC three quite a bit like I have this one uh you like create your character and go for the career mode or whatever, you know I got this one character that's undefeated, fixed fights, all knockouts, no defeats. Yeah
everybody has done that in real life
you
know?
I
have Skyrim and I put probably like 300 hours into it but I don't really play it much anymore but like back in the day, breath of fire, like what's my favorite like everybody was all hyped on Final Fantasy on super Nintendo, but breath of flatter on Super eight and $10 PS one, we're just like great games.
saying I used to play Skyrim quite a bit like back in the day on a super Nintendo. And PS one, the Breath of Fire series, like those were great RPGS. It was like a Final Fantasies competition and officially
they lost and fell off but it
was still a game.
Uh It might be um I
know you can get all of them on emulator on computer. Easy
Breath of Fire.
No Breath of Fire.
One and two are on smes, but three and four are on PS one now they tried to make a comeback on PS two but it was by a completely different developers and they just made a hack job of it. It was really bad, but the first four all great. Especially the first three, the fourth one is still good with, and it's like the longest, but it has a couple of little challenges on it, like these little puzzles that the other ones don't have that are kind of annoying.
But
what was that?
because you just had
your eyes open
I
want,
it was what what you're saying right now?
Mhm. Mine says 29 29.
Yeah, I use prolific. Have you been using them for a while?
Yeah, I've only been doing prolific for two months and I've made 90 bucks.
Oh yeah, so that way because like a lot of times you go there and like the studies are already full, like
I'm sweet.
thank
you. Uh stay safe
during the whole perimeter thing. Yeah.