SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. The opposition. Oh yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Trick Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Talking. Yeah. No. Right. All right. Yeah. This is Hello,
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: how are you? Oh, okay. Where are you located at?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in New Mexico. The mosque crisis.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Eastern Tennessee
SPEAKER_R: Fine.
SPEAKER_L: near Bollywood. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. I think I've I've passed through there before. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we're new. We just moved here yesterday. Made three weeks ago
SPEAKER_R: One.
SPEAKER_L: since we bought the house. We're in and moved here.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Well we just moved here too. So moving in the middle of a pandemic has lots of fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like uh
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: we were living in uh western north Carolina and you know, we came to this area as tourists that have lived here and ever since we started coming here as tourists a few years ago my son's been asking to move so kind
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: of when all this craziness started happening. I'm like and you know, I said if you're really serious about this, I said you check out all the schools, make sure because he's in high school. So I said make sure you don't mind switching high schools midstream you and I said if you're really serious, I said that would be a great time. You're out of schools that we have time to go house hunting and that's what we ended up doing. So here we are. What did you live to the max telephone?
SPEAKER_R: Kansas city so
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: all my family is there. So this has been quite an interesting endeavor. My my my wife got a job here so
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: that's why we moved.
SPEAKER_L: Well the uh we don't really know anyone here. It's like we just like the area and we're originally from Louisiana and we don't really we don't know anyone here. So it's like hopefully uh you know, we can make friends you're pretty quickly because I know it's a little hard now. We don't even know if my son is gonna get to go to school, you know in person yet. This year the they start doing registrations next monday.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. I know that's been every place has been trying to figure out what what that's gonna look like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's been kind of rough. I know there. And uh north Carolina last year they ended school about the middle of March. And the high school kids really got short changed, they didn't do anything for them. The middle school and elementary apparently from all the parents talk to, they did a really good job of continuing their education. But the high school kids, they just pretty much was on there and they didn't do anything else the rest of the year, they gave them the option for their family grieved either take the greed the had when they school stop or if they were failing basically they give them enough makeup work to get them to a d to one degree. So
SPEAKER_R: wow. I know I have cousins in elementary school and they just basically like you can do the homework or not, you'll have the grade you had,
SPEAKER_L: rep.
SPEAKER_R: if you if you get a better grade will honor better grade. If
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: not then it's not gonna they're not gonna penalize you for like doing worse. So I thought that was kind of cool. But it's really weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like because basically the kids got cheated out of the third of their educational time and you know the way it's going, They may not get any this year. Yeah, that's that's the scariest part is if they don't do any better this year, you know that they'll end up being lost over a year of, you know their education house, they're gonna be short change. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and not everybody has access to internet at home, so it's
SPEAKER_L: Well I don't know how it's probably the same here because I know some of the houses we looked at that was really important as uh because I work from home said having good internet is important in a lot of areas here. You can't get anything other than satellite, your internet, you know here. So it's like uh I think they're working, they have some program here where the basically the rural electric companies are gonna start running your high speed in that line. But it hasn't really reached many areas yet. So most of the areas unless you live right in town, which we do, luckily, it's like we live right in downtown. Severe mental here somewhere. You know, we we have all the modern amenities like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. The internet was very important to
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: us to like we both
SPEAKER_L: will I
SPEAKER_R: work
SPEAKER_L: say?
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: It was
SPEAKER_R: home.
SPEAKER_L: like my son's life is being online on the PS four plus. Yes. So the thought of living somewhere where no internet was one of the houses we looked at, we've done some checking in, our option would have been basically with the internet to two way radios. But what it amounted to,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: it's like there was a radio receiver transmitter set up outside your house. Uh, there's a large radio tower on top of one of the mountains around here. And that's how you get internet is it uses two way radio to send and receive internet to and from that
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: big
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: radio tower to in front of your files. Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_R: that's, I've never heard of that set up before, but
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: see it
SPEAKER_L: no idea
SPEAKER_R: working
SPEAKER_L: that was
SPEAKER_R: super
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: while.
SPEAKER_L: totally new to me and where we lived in north Carolina, we were kind of the foothills of the mountains near Asheville. So even there, I hadn't heard of that even over there. So that was something you knew I hadn't ran into. Which the same way where the house we saw there, we live, right and in town. So we had, you know, everything like that. They're also mhm The boy brought you new Mexico that your your wife driver, I just want to change the scenery or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my wife got a job here, so we um it was weird, she's past her and like the weekend, the campaigning weekend that they flew us down here to kind of like get to know the church and the people in the area was though, we get like the beginning of March when everything started shutting down, so they have this whole weekend plan for us to get to know the area and the people and then just like one by one thing started like falling off, but um it still ended up being a good experience. Like we love the people that we met and it's beautiful area, it's right at the uh the valley of some Organ Mountains I believe.
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: I'm still learning it.
SPEAKER_L: far are you from the border with texas?
SPEAKER_R: Uh 40 minutes from
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: El Paso.
SPEAKER_L: like, okay.
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, because I'm going to say that's the only portion of new Mexico I've been in is the part that's pretty close to texas. One time I lived in Seattle for five years. So the uh and I would like to fly, so every time I came and went over those five years I drove and I try to pick different routes each time to see as much of the country and one of the times I took the boarding row all the way through texas and new Mexico drove up through Colorado Springs and that way going up to Seattle
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Driving in from Kansas to New Mexico was so
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: long and so boring.
SPEAKER_L: like that, I've driven through that, I lived in Mcpherson Kansas, I spent a lovely year there when years ago and so I could and I know how that is that there's until you get to where there's some mountains, there's nothing to look at on the
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: draft.
SPEAKER_R: there's nothing it's flat. And we, one of the trips back and forth, we we went through texas and it was a little bit more scenic but it split it up into two days. Well we're coming down here, we had two cats and a dog or like we're not dealing with the hotel an overnight so we'll just do it in one go. So it was the longest 16 hour drive I have ever made in my life.
SPEAKER_L: I can
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: do this in Oklahoma are definitely the worst you want to avoid those two states, other states, there's they're not great, but they're better around there.
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: gonna Nebraska and stuff better than cans of this year.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, the flint hills are pretty, but they don't last for very long. And our 16 hour trip took us through the western half of Kansas, pretty much all the way across western, uh our
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: southern half until
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: western Kansas and that part is boring, so boring.
SPEAKER_L: well, you know even the eastern part of Colorado, there's really nothing much to look at, you get kind of to the center of the state. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's, I had to, I was going to school because I lived in Kansas city and I was going to school doing this like online in person on the weekends, class in hays Kansas, which is like right in the middle and it's a four hour drive their and four hour drive back. It was so long and I'm so glad that my life is over because it was so boring Kansas is or in a drive through.
SPEAKER_L: What really does it? It's like, it's because I know uh I've driven literally from one end of Kansas to the other and you know, both east, west, north south because uh and there's just nothing Kansas, there's it's just flat as a pancake, there's nothing to look at it.
SPEAKER_R: it's not great. I listen to a lot of audio books.
SPEAKER_L: Well, the one thing I will say that it's great people, it's like the, I mean, just absolutely wonderful people of the year I live there. It's like, but yes, and I was terrified the whole time. It's like, you know, it's like, okay as a tornado going to get me or been during the winter. It's like you get like blizzards and stuff with snows, like sound like I want to leave. It's like after one year, it's like I'm leaving. It's I'm not staying here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, our our options
SPEAKER_L: That's the
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: word.
SPEAKER_R: jobs were like up in michigan, uh we were looking at a church in Maine and then uh new Mexico popped up and I'm like, yes, yes, I want to move somewhere warmer. I'm tired of scraping the eyes, It was like january when this job popped up, I was like scraping ice off my car, like, yeah, let's move, let's
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: move
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: somewhere
SPEAKER_L: was me.
SPEAKER_R: more.
SPEAKER_L: It's like the one winner I was there in Kansas. I remember I went out one day. I knew where my truck was, but I couldn't see it. I mean it was completely covered in snow and all the locals will tell me it's like you're lucky this being your first winter, some mild here. I'm like this is a mild winter is like I want to leave before you have a bad one. And it's like the truck is hidden. Yes, completely covered. And so you can't even see any other chance.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I almost like would rather it snow than the ice that we seem to get, at least in like Kansas city, we got ice
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: more than we got snow
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: said
SPEAKER_R: it's like terrible.
SPEAKER_L: it was that way living in Louisiana and we really didn't get snow. But occasionally, every few years we give would get one of the bad ice storms. And they said it was horrible because it would just glaze all the trees and power lines and it just messed up everything. You know there's areas that might be of that power for a week because so many power lines have snapped.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: Seattle
SPEAKER_R: I won't miss that.
SPEAKER_L: was great. I love the people in Seattle, it's definitely extremely beautiful there. It's like you know having the large mountain ranges to the east and west of you but I just couldn't I couldn't deal with a non stop rain. It's like because living there if you're lucky you have a long summer and you have about four months during the summer that's relatively mild and drive or you only get eight months of the cold rain. But then there's some years you will literally get 10-11 months of the cold. And there's there's times I've been there on the 4th of July I had to wear sweatshirts and stuff on four July was still some
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: cold
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: yet. So after five years on, like, I don't care how pretty it is, how friendly the people are here. I got to go back because you
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: always
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: said I'm from New Zealand, so I got to go back with the sunshine. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I am, I'm certainly living the sunshine here. It's done wonders for my mood, considering I've been in quarantine since March, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It wasn't too bad where we lived. Uh, there, it was about a half hour outside of Asheville says, a really small little towns. One of those little time, it's big enough to do like your basic shopping and you know, we had a little walmart, we had a tiny hospital, a few doctors. It's all the basic stuff you could do. And because it was a relatively rural area of the, I think even now, I think they've only had either two or three deaths in the county we were living in, so there's been some restrictions, but you know, not too severe. You know, you can still pretty much do most of your, you know, your routine stuff you want to do and get out and about that. They didn't, it was a draconian measures like some of the larger cities have had to implement. You
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know. Lost
SPEAKER_L: come on
SPEAKER_R: crusades wasn't doing too bad, but it's so close to el paso and a lot of people like work in el paso so, and el paso is getting hit really hard, so I think it's it's doing worse here than it is in like other places in new Mexico because of that, so.
SPEAKER_L: right. Once let's talk in north Carolina, like Raleigh and charlotte were really bad and they had to just lock everything down. But luckily that's one of the advantages living in a small area. And it's the same way here where we've moved the county that we were in here. Severe County. It's only, they've only had four or five deaths from this so far. So it's, it's not real severe here compared to a lot of areas, you know? Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's good. Good to know, like not everyone's hit.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, it's like the, and I know we haven't tried to go, I'm not gonna go to things get back to normal like Hollywood and stuff is actually open here, There's restrictions, the uh you know they only allow a certain number of people and of course you have to wear a mask, but most of all the tourist stuff, the water parks and stuff, they're all open here. And I guess
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: nothing is spreading there because as they've been open for about a month and a half now, think. And so there hasn't been any cases reported tied to them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I think we're like kind of open. I know there's a lot of restrictions in place. Um but I think like the non essential businesses open back up, but most of the restaurants haven't opened up just because they're getting more business with like delivery than the four people that they can fit in the restaurant.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Well a lot of that's happening here, the larger restaurants that do have the room to block off some of the tables they have opened up for uh you know dining in, but a lot of them are still doing only take out or graphically said they're so they're so small, it wouldn't be worth in trying to, You'll get four or 5 people in. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like a college town around here, so a lot of like small hole in the wall places just, it's not worth it, so.
SPEAKER_L: Works the way it is here. A lot of the, you know, the stuff along the is called the Winfield Dunn Parkway, that's where all the electricity stuff is. You have some really large established their, most of those have opened up because they have the room to, you know, shut down a third of their tables and space people out. But then when you get off that strip with the local people actually go, it's a bunch of little small mom and pop place and they just don't have the space. So they're just doing either take out and drive through. I guess most, most all of the stores have opened back up. It's, you know, it's like I haven't really noticed any stores close since we've come over here, so it's relatively normal. And the current order that we're into work, uh for the mask wearing and stuff when you're indoor spaces, it ends on the third and they haven't, the governor hasn't announced yet if it's going to be extended or more restrictive, I don't know which it's like the, you know, what will happen.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and as a it's been kind of up in the air like what's open and what's not here, but new Mexico, I think overall has like a mask mandate, so and I've not heard anything about that lifting anytime soon.
SPEAKER_L: The governor here did a much better job than north Carolina, north Carolina governor. He'd done the mandatory state and basically it was based on the panic of Riley in charlotte world. They were hit hard than you have little rule counties. There's nobody there anyway, but they were all forced. But immediately, the the our local chef said he's not gonna, you know, force because it just wasn't in the large cities it was. And the governor here in Tennessee, that was much wiser. He he signed order allowing any mayor to order a mask mandate, but not forcing them to that way. You have a little dinky towns, didn't have to bother with it than anybody like you here. We're not a real largely, but it's large enough. You need it. You know, our mayor said, okay, we're gonna you over take advantage of that and issue a mask order instead of the, you know, one size fits all thing. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: because the end up Marksville, which is only, I think it's only about 30, miles. They've, they've been hit pretty hard that they've had. Uh and of course, I think Knoxville is a college town too, so they probably have a lot more people, you know, kind of congregating at bars, restaurants, things like that. That's, that's probably spread faster there. Yeah, thank
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I haven't paid enough attention. I'm not a college student so I haven't paid attention to what the
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: new Mexico state is doing, but I know there's been like a lot of discussions about online classes if they're even going to try and have it in person or not and yeah, I'm just staying home.
SPEAKER_L: I still know what's gonna happen with high school here. It's like because the school board is literally still trying to decide and so they just start registering students monday. So it's like we still don't know you know what they're even going to do? Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like basically how I guess now.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's that well across the country, I don't think any school district actually has concrete
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: plans how they're gonna handle this.
SPEAKER_R: I haven't heard of any concrete plans from anybody. Just just a lot of questions.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's just kind of all up in the air. It's like so I guess I we'll know a little more monday once we go the to get my son registered. So yeah. Where is your wife region from? You said you're from Kansas? From the Kansas side of the Missouri side?
SPEAKER_R: Kansas, I was from like a small town outside of Lawrence um and lived in Lawrence for a while and then moved to Kansas city and I met her there, I met her there, she was going to school there. Um She's from ann arbor michigan, so
SPEAKER_L: She probably projects the milder weather also. And even there I know it's really hot during the summer but the dry heat is so much easier to deal
SPEAKER_R: my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: than
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: the human
SPEAKER_R: much she's
SPEAKER_L: heat.
SPEAKER_R: here. Yes, I've just been like, Kansas is, that's the thing, it's like the humidity is awful and trying to get through the summers with the humidity is just Like you walk outside and just like walking into like a wall of water and I hated it. And here I've just been like, my brain does not know what to do with the fact that I'm standing in the shade and I'm actually cool, but it's like 90°..
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's weird bringing that one when I lived out a close friend of mine, him and his partner were both from Modesto California and they wanted me to go down one summer with them. I'm not sure. It's like I've never been, there will be an adventure. Give me a chance to some of the west Coast haven't seen. And we got down there, it was like 100 and five but like you said, you go stand in the shade, I'm like, wow, this is comfortable. Yeah. Well I'm from Louisiana. If it's 90° you stay in the shade, you're still dying you this looks.
SPEAKER_R: there's like no escape from humidity,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it's like it's that dry heat is definitely so much easier to tolerate cause that's all you have to, you just get out of the sun and you're okay, you know, I'm sure not directly in the sun. So the Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: spent the sun is like 2:00 PM is not fun but it's I honestly I would take this over Kansas summer any day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do y'all have actually air conditioners? They all use like swamp coolers there,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We actually got that was like one of the selling points of this house that we got was that it had an actual like uh oh it's like the A. C. That we had back home. I can't remember. It's
SPEAKER_L: Because I
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: not the evaporated one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: right? I know when when I went down with Mario and his partner, they were like that most of the houses they didn't have everything that they have, the swamp would like said where they used water and a fan or something other and that's what they used. Very few of the houses had air conditioning and and it did help but it wasn't as good as an air conditioning. It's like so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's that's what you were told. They're like, you're actually probably going to appreciate this this is it normal for because it's an older house. Two were like pretty close to like the downtown area of Los Crusades. So it's a house built in the fifties and it's had like a couple extensions. It's it's quirky and we love it, but at some point they added like a refrigerated air conditioner. So very big ship trump.
SPEAKER_L: know the, I can't remember, Maria's parents had like a guesthouse or something, so we ended up staying in and they have the swamp cooler thing and it would, it would be like 12 at night before that finally got the house where was actually comfortable To sleep in it. That it was unbearable, but it was uncomfortable to try to lay down and sleep about 12 before I got an actual cooled off, you know, compared to an air conditioner. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that doesn't
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: happen.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. But most of my life I've spent in a hot environment because I said I'm moving out of, my step mom is from uh, ST pete florida. So I've been down there life and her and my dad retired down there. I kind of followed them down and had lived down there for about 15 years. Then after that both passed away is finally like, yeah, my son and I were talking, I was like, okay, well why are we here? It's like the people we we care about is not here anymore. So uh, it's time for us to get out of the crowds and the crime and all of that living around Tampa. So we, we have friends that lived there in north Carolina. We visited like they're so, it seemed like a good place. Uh, we went there for a few years and now we settled here. So I kind of look at this is the forever home. I really, that's beautiful living here in the Smoky Mountains and people are really, really great. People are wonderful. There's definitely lots to do. There's endless things to do here. Let's go.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think that when when we got here and we like saw it and met the people, we were like yeah I can see myself living here for a long time. So I mean you never know what the future holds, but we bought a house. So
SPEAKER_L: Well, it's a good investment. It's like, it's like you can't hardly go wrong with real estate.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's um they're doing a lot of work on the downtown area, so it's like slowly kind of revitalizing the neighborhoods near it. And so this house was had a lot of work done on it and then there's like two houses that were like in the progress of we can see them like working on right now. So I'm excited to see where this place is in like a few years because I think it's it's like on an upward trend which makes me feel good about staying
SPEAKER_L: bra
SPEAKER_R: here for a while.
SPEAKER_L: hopefully you'll be in the same situation. We were there in north Carolina. We bought a house the same way. It's like a couple of blocks off of Main Street in the little town. In the 3.5 years we own that house, there was like five other houses on that street that got remodeled around us. And uh 3.5 years. We own that when we sold last month We got 64,000 were fourth and we paid for 3.5 years ago
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Right between and we only put about 20 cm as you're remodeling. And so the other 40 something was profit for us. But that's what happened in the same way the main, the main street, every storefront has opened up down there. There's all kinds of new businesses then like said that the street, we lived on multiple other houses or remodels that really brought up the neighborhood and our batteries, you know? Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah the yeah, they've done like a lot of work, there's a lot of like open shops in the downtown area, they also have um apparently one of the nation's largest like farmers market and craft fairs like weekly, I think the craft fair part is on hold for now, but they have like the farmers, the farmers market part of it and that's been really cool. I wish I could see it in its full glory, but this year is kind of a wash as far as that goes.
SPEAKER_L: did that there. They had the two days a week, they had the farmers market downtown. Then in the early fall they had what was called the Mountain Glory Festival and that was just amazing. All the people and vendors are piled into the simultaneous that they just blocked off several blocks of Main street. The entire street was just full of people and vendors and it was always really fun. That's a shame because they've already had to cancel several of those big festivals already this year.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, so many things are just not happening this year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like I'm really hoping because it's been two years ago now we got to do the the Halloween stuff and the christmas stuff in Hollywood and they just go all out the decoration as I'm hoping by the time that starts, things have gotten back to normal, you know where we can go and do stuff normally we just have to see because they
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: literally right now they're not even doing the shows at Dollywood and that's one of the best that they have good rise but that's one of the best things is that they have the best shows of anything parks we have been too. And I said we lived in you know around Tampa and kept passes to a bunch of those parts down there for years. So we've been to a bunch of theme parks and but the shows that Dolly which she definitely goes all out with entertainment, their shows are amazing there. But
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: they like at christmas they literally have a live your stage version of it's a wonderful life. Yeah and it's to me that was more entertaining than watching old black and white movie.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I love life theaters.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's like and and and and I'm trying to remember Dollywood has it's like seven or eight different theaters and if they do so many different shows, you know? Plus there's several outdoor areas, they do shows and stuff also. So yeah, if you if you ever get through this way in Hollywood is if it's going normal, it's
SPEAKER_R: I should, yeah, it's definitely something I've heard about, but I've never like I know that we passed down that way like to go to florida but haven't really like haven't gone. I think my parents went. Maybe it
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: was a long time.
SPEAKER_L: a thing. I've heard you, let's enjoy it your
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: second because uh like her museum is two stories, there's so much of her stuff
SPEAKER_R: my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: on display then right outside the museum is her old tour bus that uh she doesn't use any more that you can go on and see some of her stuff and get your picture on, taking that all that's included with your ticket price.
SPEAKER_R: A lot of cool.
SPEAKER_L: Right then right next to the museum is a big theater called My People, my Music. And it's uh several her brother, several nieces, cousins and stuff are actually in the show. Then there's video of her, you know, where they kind of interact cut in. So it's kind of like a little bit of her than her relatives and stuff doing kind of uh, goes to her life musically, you know, doing a show that's, that's really good too right there. And so that's, that theater is right next to her, her museum. And that's also right outside. That theater is the best place to watch the fireworks whenever they do fireworks there with the hill, they do them on their in Dollywood. That's one of the best places to stand and watch those fireworks is right outside that. My people, my music or my music, my people theater.
SPEAKER_R: mm I'll definitely have to check that out sometime. How to smoke.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yes. The people in the park, definitely the friendliest employees I've ever seen anything park is there?
SPEAKER_R: it's at home.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I guess we've got our 25 minutes in where we can get answers like this.
SPEAKER_R: All right. It was great talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I, I enjoyed it. It's like good luck selling into y'all's me place and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you too. Hopefully everything goes well with your son's school.
SPEAKER_L: all right, well thank you. And
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: you enjoy
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: the rest of your day
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: baba