Hi.
I'm in New Mexico. The mosque crisis.
Fine.
Cool. I think I've I've passed through there before. Yeah.
One.
Oh yeah. Well we just moved here too. So moving in the middle of a pandemic has lots of fun.
Well
Well
Kansas city so
all my family is there. So this has been quite an interesting endeavor. My my my wife got a job here so
that's why we moved.
Okay. Yeah. I know that's been every place has been trying to figure out what what that's gonna look like.
wow. I know I have cousins in elementary school and they just basically like you can do the homework or not, you'll have the grade you had,
if you if you get a better grade will honor better grade. If
not then it's not gonna they're not gonna penalize you for like doing worse. So I thought that was kind of cool. But it's really weird.
Yeah, and not everybody has access to internet at home, so it's
Yeah. Yeah. The internet was very important to
us to like we both
work
from
home.
Oh my gosh.
my
gosh.
that's, I've never heard of that set up before, but
I don't
see it
working
super
while.
Yeah, my wife got a job here, so we um it was weird, she's past her and like the weekend, the campaigning weekend that they flew us down here to kind of like get to know the church and the people in the area was though, we get like the beginning of March when everything started shutting down, so they have this whole weekend plan for us to get to know the area and the people and then just like one by one thing started like falling off, but um it still ended up being a good experience. Like we love the people that we met and it's beautiful area, it's right at the uh the valley of some Organ Mountains I believe.
I'm still learning it.
Uh 40 minutes from
El Paso.
So.
yeah. Driving in from Kansas to New Mexico was so
long and so boring.
there's
there's nothing it's flat. And we, one of the trips back and forth, we we went through texas and it was a little bit more scenic but it split it up into two days. Well we're coming down here, we had two cats and a dog or like we're not dealing with the hotel an overnight so we'll just do it in one go. So it was the longest 16 hour drive I have ever made in my life.
But
there's
there's
yeah, the flint hills are pretty, but they don't last for very long. And our 16 hour trip took us through the western half of Kansas, pretty much all the way across western, uh our
southern half until
western Kansas and that part is boring, so boring.
Yeah, it's, I had to, I was going to school because I lived in Kansas city and I was going to school doing this like online in person on the weekends, class in hays Kansas, which is like right in the middle and it's a four hour drive their and four hour drive back. It was so long and I'm so glad that my life is over because it was so boring Kansas is or in a drive through.
it's not great. I listen to a lot of audio books.
Yeah, our our options
for
jobs were like up in michigan, uh we were looking at a church in Maine and then uh new Mexico popped up and I'm like, yes, yes, I want to move somewhere warmer. I'm tired of scraping the eyes, It was like january when this job popped up, I was like scraping ice off my car, like, yeah, let's move, let's
move
somewhere
more.
Yeah. Yeah. I almost like would rather it snow than the ice that we seem to get, at least in like Kansas city, we got ice
more than we got snow
and
it's like terrible.
I don't know. Yeah,
that
I won't miss that.
my
gosh.
Come
here.
Yeah. Yeah, I am, I'm certainly living the sunshine here. It's done wonders for my mood, considering I've been in quarantine since March, so.
Yeah, I know. Lost
crusades wasn't doing too bad, but it's so close to el paso and a lot of people like work in el paso so, and el paso is getting hit really hard, so I think it's it's doing worse here than it is in like other places in new Mexico because of that, so.
Yeah, that's good. Good to know, like not everyone's hit.
well.
Mhm. Yeah, I think we're like kind of open. I know there's a lot of restrictions in place. Um but I think like the non essential businesses open back up, but most of the restaurants haven't opened up just because they're getting more business with like delivery than the four people that they can fit in the restaurant.
Yeah, it's like a college town around here, so a lot of like small hole in the wall places just, it's not worth it, so.
Yeah, and as a it's been kind of up in the air like what's open and what's not here, but new Mexico, I think overall has like a mask mandate, so and I've not heard anything about that lifting anytime soon.
that makes sense.
I don't know, I haven't paid enough attention. I'm not a college student so I haven't paid attention to what the
new Mexico state is doing, but I know there's been like a lot of discussions about online classes if they're even going to try and have it in person or not and yeah, I'm just staying home.
Yeah, it's like basically how I guess now.
No,
I haven't heard of any concrete plans from anybody. Just just a lot of questions.
Kansas, I was from like a small town outside of Lawrence um and lived in Lawrence for a while and then moved to Kansas city and I met her there, I met her there, she was going to school there. Um She's from ann arbor michigan, so
my gosh,
it's
so
much she's
here. Yes, I've just been like, Kansas is, that's the thing, it's like the humidity is awful and trying to get through the summers with the humidity is just Like you walk outside and just like walking into like a wall of water and I hated it. And here I've just been like, my brain does not know what to do with the fact that I'm standing in the shade and I'm actually cool, but it's like 90°..
there's like no escape from humidity,
spent the sun is like 2:00 PM is not fun but it's I honestly I would take this over Kansas summer any day.
Yeah. We actually got that was like one of the selling points of this house that we got was that it had an actual like uh oh it's like the A. C. That we had back home. I can't remember. It's
not
it's
not the evaporated one. Yeah.
That's that's what you were told. They're like, you're actually probably going to appreciate this this is it normal for because it's an older house. Two were like pretty close to like the downtown area of Los Crusades. So it's a house built in the fifties and it's had like a couple extensions. It's it's quirky and we love it, but at some point they added like a refrigerated air conditioner. So very big ship trump.
that doesn't
happen.
Yeah. I think that when when we got here and we like saw it and met the people, we were like yeah I can see myself living here for a long time. So I mean you never know what the future holds, but we bought a house. So
yeah it's um they're doing a lot of work on the downtown area, so it's like slowly kind of revitalizing the neighborhoods near it. And so this house was had a lot of work done on it and then there's like two houses that were like in the progress of we can see them like working on right now. So I'm excited to see where this place is in like a few years because I think it's it's like on an upward trend which makes me feel good about staying
here for a while.
wow, that's awesome.
Yeah the yeah, they've done like a lot of work, there's a lot of like open shops in the downtown area, they also have um apparently one of the nation's largest like farmers market and craft fairs like weekly, I think the craft fair part is on hold for now, but they have like the farmers, the farmers market part of it and that's been really cool. I wish I could see it in its full glory, but this year is kind of a wash as far as that goes.
Mhm. Yeah, so many things are just not happening this year.
Hopefully.
That's awesome.
Yeah, I love life theaters.
I should, yeah, it's definitely something I've heard about, but I've never like I know that we passed down that way like to go to florida but haven't really like haven't gone. I think my parents went. Maybe it
was a long time.
it
my gosh.
A lot of cool.
mm I'll definitely have to check that out sometime. How to smoke.
it's at home.
All right. It was great talking to you.
Yeah you too. Hopefully everything goes well with your son's school.
Thank
you.
You too.