SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, sorry, might give me a sec. My windows. How much light? Oh, now to a little like
SPEAKER_L: It is.
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: How are you?
SPEAKER_R: ah I'm doing I've had better days, but I'm doing as best as I can I guess at the moment.
SPEAKER_L: I think I could enter exactly the same way. I've had better days but I'm doing all right. Mhm mm My name is Evan and I go by E. J. Oh
SPEAKER_R: My name is uh Andrew and I go by a j
SPEAKER_L: all right awesome. Hey JJ. Cool. So today sunday so are you a big football watcher?
SPEAKER_R: Um Get up to some extent, you know, I'm I'm from Illinois, so I'm, my my whole family are bears fans, so they already played on thursday, you know? Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah see where that goes.
SPEAKER_R: But I I watched some to like there's a the end of the Las Vegas Chiefs game, you know, it's probably, I think it's pretty good right now, but you know, I'm doing this thing, I don't want to do like focus
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: on things in the background or anything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So how long have you been on prolific grateful.
SPEAKER_R: probably just like, you know, less than a month honestly, you know.
SPEAKER_L: Me. Me too. I'm brand new at it. So this is uh this is very interesting. Um I've made some good money at it but but I haven't been doing it very wrong. Sure
SPEAKER_R: I've done this is my second time with this survey, but you know, I made I made I I did it because I have a work from home job, but it's sometimes varies as to how many hours I can get. So I've been using this as sort of a thing to fill in when things are good. It's a bonus when things are bad, it fills in a little bit of, you know, the other job I have,
SPEAKER_L: I hope so. All right awesome. Yeah. So I was figuring uh I was figuring we could go back and forth maybe ask each other some questions. Um I have no I have no predefined questions. It's just whatever. But yeah I'm you
SPEAKER_R: I don't have any beautifying questions either.
SPEAKER_L: you mentioned you were a bears fan and I'm an Arizona cardinals fan. I lived in phoenix for Like four years and I didn't used to like the NFL actually I had a friend that got me into the NFL it was more of a college football kind of guy, but now it's interesting because the tables have kind of turned, I don't watch college football as much and I really like the NFL so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I used
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: Mr
SPEAKER_R: be,
SPEAKER_L: Hogan
SPEAKER_R: I I still am sort of a college fan too, but it's more like this season is just so weird that I might just like chalk it up is like a loss because you know what, the big 10 are playing until next month and the only playing conference and one conference is only playing six games. And it's like, it doesn't really seem to be like, what? I don't really consider that a true college season basically.
SPEAKER_L: a true season. Exactly. So it's like you should either play all the way or not playing. I'm a I'm a baseball fan too, and they had a shortened season in baseball and it just didn't feel the same way.
SPEAKER_R: it didn't really,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: but my um I probably I'm still gonna watch some of like the uh the baseball, I don't know why it doesn't work for me for college, but it runs for baseball when they're both kind of like weird seasons or anything, you know? But I'm going to watch some of the the the championship series, you know? Not unfortunately. Uh my well my family's white sox, they got they lost the Oakland.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Well my Cardinals were beaten by the Padres, so we were we were in the one game we were in the wild card series and our bullpen just blew the Game two, we were up by four runs and then we lost game two. Um So our bulb in really blew it for us but,
SPEAKER_R: I think, I don't know what
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: happened with the white sox, I think it's that the uh I don't know, my uh we had like a bullpen game for like game three, which didn't work like we were in all of the games and we won one, but it was I say we because I'm kind of a white Sox fan a little bit, you know, because my dad is, you know, and he he sort of walked a little bit off on me, you know, But I'm not like I wouldn't call myself an enthusiastic like, you know, fan or any
SPEAKER_L: diehard fan or anything? Huh.
SPEAKER_R: no, my dad and his aunt, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Cool, cool. So what are the hobbies do you have? Well
SPEAKER_R: I like geo casting a
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: lot.
SPEAKER_L: do I've been once. I've been geo cashing once. Well
SPEAKER_R: I enjoyed a lot. It's a good way to get out of the house, especially when the weather is, you know, putting Eastern or anything and it gives you it makes you feel accomplished, you know when you're doing stuff which I like sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so yeah, I went geo cashing on a blind date once, but that was about the only time I ever did it and that was back when I was in college and um life is totally different now and there's no way in heck I would go on a blind date. But um yeah, so but I did I did some geo cashing so that's my only experience with that. I I like to um watch sports as I said, but I also love airplanes. So I I fly, there's a new Microsoft flight simulator that's out um Microsoft flight simulator 2020
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: and it came out in august and it's a very realistic way of flying a plane.
SPEAKER_R: mm I used to uh I used
SPEAKER_L: It's gonna
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: be a computer,
SPEAKER_R: what's
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: what I'm looking for, I used to uh I think I tried that when it was what, 2000 and seven away, way back with Microsoft flight simulator back when I was a lot younger and I just crashed I crashed at everything, you know, I was I was I was never mhm I've never been good at like simulator things you know I just die in all of them. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: cool. So so you like
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: jim
SPEAKER_R: was fun,
SPEAKER_L: can.
SPEAKER_R: it was fun you know but it was I was never I was never good at it.
SPEAKER_L: All right, well that's okay, let's agree for sure. Um Do you have any brothers and sisters?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I do one
SPEAKER_L: Brother and sister
SPEAKER_R: brother,
SPEAKER_L: brother and who's older? You or him?
SPEAKER_R: he's older than me by a couple years
SPEAKER_L: Okay, cool. So this is my second time doing this too, so uh it's kind of interesting. I think I'm gonna keep doing it for the six times as long as I'm around too.
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna do it because it's it's like $17 for like you know 45 minutes. That's it's worth
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: not bad, I'll do it. Yeah, for sure. So
SPEAKER_R: I got lucky with my first one why? It was it was it was another person who had done it before so he was able to sort of like make sure I guide me through a little bit to make it not not so weird the first time or anything, it's it's less. I I went in thinking it was gonna be really weird and awkward, you know? But it's not really
SPEAKER_L: I did too, I have to tell you I felt very anxious when I did the first time, I was like uh but it turned out really well because I have a disability I have variable palsy and the lady I got matched up with actually was um a disability advocate in Kentucky. So it was very interesting because we had something common to talk about stuff like that. So how's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: weather out there in Illinois?
SPEAKER_R: Oh and uh right now it's really nice especially for like, you know, october like you know, perfect, perfect all days, you know? Which is it's good. Especially, you know, it's always it's nice to get out when, you know, it's not so miserable. I get the the winters here can beat bad, you know? So I'm hoping I'm hoping for all continues for, you know, through november. It does sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: All right, well that's awesome. That's awesome. I live in Idaho and I live close to Boise and they call it the banana bell up here. I don't know why they call it that, but we have pretty mild winter sometimes, but a couple of years ago we got dumped on with a bunch of snow. So uh they called it Snowmageddon actually because it was so bad. But.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we got hit by a polar vortex one time which was not the snow was bad but the file and basically was the cold and the ice, you know, which is really really the problem when the street gets when you when you get it's so cold where ices over and then there's snow on top of the ice. So when you walk on top of the snow you don't see that the ice is underneath you. That's that was really, really tough because you were sliding everywhere, you know? And uh my dad got uh got hurt because of it. He slipped, you know, so it was pretty, you
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: know, get it up in, okay, He cracked a couple ribs though. Now you don't wanna you don't wanna mess with that if you don't have to and I I like to be active as much as I can, you know? So I I'm not looking forward to the winter because going out for walking and wanting is a lot less fun when you have to keep watching where you put your feet and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: Do you run?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do. I used to I used to really be a gym rat, but ever since the whole pandemic thing fit, you know, I don't feel safe enough to go to gyms right now. So I've been taking up some running around my neighborhood. I'm on my neighborhood mostly different.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. Do you have a doll or anything
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: that you take with you?
SPEAKER_R: I don't I don't take my dog with me, you know? But I have one. Well I mean I guess I have one but he's my mom's dog, you know, he's the one who adopted him. He's the one that, you know who takes care of him. He's the one who he's a he's a he's attached to her at the hip basically. You know, I don't take him wanting so much. You know sometimes I go with my dad on the walks and we uh we take him to a power cove island here where they have tennis courts, you know, and we want a little bit and have him chase tennis balls and stuff like that. But he
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: doesn't I think he would I think he He would probably one out of uh, one out of energy before, you know, I would want to go home when we were wanting probably. So I don't think that would work,
SPEAKER_L: all right, cool. So you are a major outdoors guy and you have a lot of energy? Huh?
SPEAKER_R: not as much as I used to, but I'm trying to get that, I'm trying to get that back a little bit, you know, and you know, it will, if I keep pushing myself to get some exercise and getting safe, I'm gonna be feeling better.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. That's good. So uh exercise is kind of a hard thing for me to um being in a wheelchair channel. So I like to at least go outside and take my dog on a walk and but it's getting colder so I'm not I'm not too much for going out in the cold, but Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm, I don't blame you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So, well, let's see. Um Mhm. Anything else you wanted to know about me in particular?
SPEAKER_R: I can't really think of that much. I'm not trying to be rude or anything, you know, I never, that's the one thing I do find kind of difficult sometimes of these conversations. I never saw how to how deep to get into things and how, you know about how exactly to how personal to get or anything, you know, and that
SPEAKER_L: And uh
SPEAKER_R: always makes me I'm never served about, you know, and all of that stuff. So I can't really think of anything at the moment.
SPEAKER_L: and the thing about it is they don't give you anything to go up there, just like just talk. So it's like hard sometimes. But are you going to vote?
SPEAKER_R: I voted already.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, you did?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. By mail. Well not by not by mail. Well, I voted I filled out a mail in ballot and dropped it in a drop box near my house. You know, I actually, um, I was out doing some volunteering for, for my local political organization today. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: really? So you are in the politics? Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I don't want to go that that's, that's probably if they were going to give you rules, they would probably say don't go too deep into politics because that can lead to arguments or anything. But it was, it was, it's nice to do. I just go from door to door and I leave pamphlets for people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay, cool. And do people enter you, or does it just
SPEAKER_R: Sometimes, sometimes when they're out there will hand them to them. But then the calls don't go to me. They go to the county organization thing. It's, it's just information about, you know, how to vote by mail mostly.
SPEAKER_L: do you do any other volunteer work or or uh
SPEAKER_R: I, you still, when things were, things were better when it came to the, when it came to the whole covert thing, you know, But I used to, I used to volunteer for habitat for humanity. You know, I used to like,
SPEAKER_L: I just heard about that actually. Not too long ago.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't like build houses, but I worked in their, their restores like, you know, assembling furniture and like, you know, moving things mostly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh, that's neat. I had somebody tell me I should apply for habitat for humanity house actually. So
SPEAKER_R: Um, I think they're still building them even doing the whole, you know, pandemic thing. I still get, I still get uh, emails from them. You know, I've been debating going back out there and all that stuff, but my family is a little, they want to make sure everything's safe, you know, and all that. So I
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: absolutely
SPEAKER_R: believe them.
SPEAKER_L: sure you can't be overly cautious, I don't think with the pandemic. So
SPEAKER_R: No. And I used to I used to volunteer for and I and this one I might go back to at some point for uh the conservation district out by me, you know, uh like you know, dealing with like, you know, cutting down invasive species and stuff like that. And that's something I'm thinking next time they send me an email I might go out for again because It is going to be six ft apart. You know, everyone's in their own corner like, you know, outdoors. So I think I think that might be safe enough to do maybe.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. So, um just a quick question, What was it going to ask? I was going to ask something. Um Yeah. Um Oh yeah. What is your work from home job? I asked because I'm very interested in working from home myself.
SPEAKER_R: Oh um it's for a company called Lion Bridge. You know, there are there a search engine, you know, evaluation company? It's it's grunt work and they at least for me, I didn't get into one of the more high status jobs. I think anything is the ones where you have to like complete tests or anything. So they uh I only get a certain number of hours a week you know? So I wish I could get more. But for what for what it is for staying you know at home it's it's some money coming in which is helpful
SPEAKER_L: Is it uh pretty good per hour if you had
SPEAKER_R: Per hour
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: per
SPEAKER_L: hours?
SPEAKER_R: hour per hour. It's good. But they can't at least they kept my hours or 10 hours a week. It would be better if I could get something like 15 or 20. But like for what they pay for our it's I think 11 15 hour. Pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: First surgeons and evaluation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah for for waiting. I don't know exactly what my job technical technical title is if you can get for other positions where you like evaluate ads or like work on nap projects. Those where you can get like you know 2025 hours you know a week and they also pay a little bit better, you know. But
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I didn't I didn't, I applied for all of those and it got rejected for all but the one I have and it's good enough right now. I don't want to try and lock the boat and we apply, you know, in case I lose this, you
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. So,
SPEAKER_R: Because it would be more, but it's still a guaranteed like 100 and I don't know exactly the math. It's you know, but it's It would be nice if I could get back to consistently getting to that limit of 10 hours and then the prolific stuff would just be on top of that. You know, it originally started politic started because I was having issues getting to that but I didn't have issues this week and I hope that they opened up some more, you know, tasks for everyone because I think I think I think the reason it was so slow as a lot of people were applying and working you know, Oh pandemic and all.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, absolutely. Well, I've heard of line bridge of before and I think it may be interesting for me to try and do lion bridge. So it may be something that I definitely look into, but whenever anybody says work from home, I'm like, oh, tell me what you do, So um
SPEAKER_R: if it wasn't that other place that do that kind of stuff are happening and uh I think that I think there's one called I. S s Soft stone that they might have they might have shut down or change to something else or anything. It's not, I would see if a lot of people say and I agree with them that if you're relying on this, if I had to rely on this for rent or something, I'm not certain it would work, but for some money coming in, you know well you're waiting for other stuff for like you know in addition to stuff I think it's good,
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Okay. Yeah, definitely. So
SPEAKER_R: you know? But I still I I I me and my brother still live in our parents, so I don't have to pay for went and all that stuff, but it helps to be able to like, you know, uh contribute to like food and all that stuff if need be. So it's it's worth doing, it's kind of it's not interesting work, you know? But it's if you get the white at least mine is, and if you get the white stuff, it's, you know, it's the kind of thing you can kind of do in the background where you're like listening to music or reading a book or something,
SPEAKER_L: we're doing something else,
SPEAKER_R: you know, it's it's it's very it can be monotonous, you know? But it's I don't I don't I don't want to seem like I'm you know, not selling you it on on anything, you know, it pays pretty well and you don't have to do anything and it's very it's very easy. It's very easy. So you know, I would be I I would like I would recommend it if you didn't need to like rely on it consistently all the time for like, you know, everything.
SPEAKER_L: For everything. And if you like, I don't know, some monotony is okay, as long as you said, it's bringing in some money on the side and stuff like that, someone not need to pay, so um
SPEAKER_R: my brother is stuck in a job like that. He finds really monotonous and it's it takes a huge toll, you know, on him. But I'm but I must be, but I mostly okay with mine. His problem is is his one is like a job job, like it's like a 40 45 50 hours a week thing he's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: going,
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: he's going, he at least he's able to work from home. But like he works from like monday through friday, like 4 to like 12 or like 6 to like to like, you know, all the time. So he's
SPEAKER_L: eight hours or whatever,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: But he makes I think like $15 an hour and it comes with health insurance, you know and a lot of stuff so I'm like I don't have that much sympathy for him but you know I love him and I want to make sure he's happy but he's also like I would I would take something like well I don't know if I would if I could get a little less hours, I would but I'm not sure if If they wanted to up my hours to 4050 hours a week, I'm not saying I take that
SPEAKER_L: you'd be like, I don't know, I don't know. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: he had it so he had its newspapers from home but you know he used to be used to do it in uh was it an in texas in person but you know when he came back from there they set him up that he could work remotely from home.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's me, A lot of companies are going remote now, so um it's good for people with disabilities or people who don't have transportation or something like that to be able to work from from home.
SPEAKER_R: it's good to if you're worried about you know, being outside amongst people right now, you know? Which I still am a little bit not so much for me but for my family.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can understand that. I I have caregivers that come in and take care of me all the time and sometimes I get worried, you know, because they go home and they do their thing and then they come back in here. Sometimes I get worried too, you know, because there was so many people coming in my house during the Covid, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah my dad, my dad doesn't make it work you know in addition to he's uh he he was I think he still is you know a teacher mostly
SPEAKER_L: For what
SPEAKER_R: mostly like substitute stuff, you know? But
SPEAKER_L: high school or?
SPEAKER_R: um I think you know, I think I think he is credited for doing it up to like high school but he mostly he likes doing it with like elementary and middle school stuff, you know? But he he's not sir he's not really into doing it to zoom, you know? And I don't really get that, but he's also not like they're they're bringing people back around here for uh in person classes and he's not like sir, he's comfortable doing that, you know? And it's I'm just like well if you're not gonna do it remotely or if you're not gonna do it in person, you have to kind of pick one of those,
SPEAKER_L: How are you gonna do it if you don't do it remotely or in person? Right.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: know? I I think he should try and do it through zoom you know? He's worried about it being early about like waking people up because they normally have like 77 30 start times and stuff like that, but I don't think he's not a tech savvy person, but I think he could figure it out, you know? But he doesn't I can't I can't make him do that, you know? And he still he gets some money in doing like eight work and you know unemployment during the whole thing, you know? But it's I think he'd be feeling a little bit better you know if he um had a little bit more, if everyone in my house honestly has had a little more structure, you know? You're
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: like, he like he like he like doing his his teaching, you know, he enjoyed it.
SPEAKER_L: structure is good for mental help, you know what I mean? Just to have a schedule and to have a routine and all man, very good for, for mental health, especially during Covid, I think. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm going to be trying to do more of that because my mental health has been
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: bad lately, you know? So I'm going to try and I'm going to try and like set up like maybe just you know three days at a time, like a schedule or something about like. But the problem I have to some extent is you know, at least for the job it's when it's available, you know, so I can't like, you know commit
SPEAKER_L: You can
SPEAKER_R: to like
SPEAKER_L: say
SPEAKER_R: working
SPEAKER_L: monday
SPEAKER_R: for two,
SPEAKER_L: Tuesday
SPEAKER_R: working
SPEAKER_L: wins,
SPEAKER_R: for two hours, you know, each day
SPEAKER_L: It's,
SPEAKER_R: or anything. You know, sometimes there'll be a bunch of stuff, I can do it 10 o'clock, sometimes there'll be a bunch of stuff I can do it one o'clock, sometimes there'll be a bunch of stuff I can do it midnight you know so it just it depends you know but some some some of the structure I think would be would be good so we're gonna my mom is going to help me with trying to figure that out a little bit because I don't think it would I'm not sure if it will help me a ton but it wouldn't hurt you know
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. Well, I think we made it my friend.
SPEAKER_R: we made it through 20, they say they said go like a minute or two older just to make serve so we're a minute we're a minute over
SPEAKER_L: I think we did it.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. two out of hopefully 64 to go
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. So, good luck to you, Good talking to you and uh, maybe we'll see down the line.
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna I'm gonna leave this window um I'm gonna mute everything but the person I did last time said he normally leaves the window open until he completes the things. So I'm just gonna mute and switch to the other tab. You know it might not it might be fine with you just just xing it out. But they paid me the first time. So I think I'm going to stick with what I know. Works
SPEAKER_L: well, I can tell you, I, I exited out and they paid me the first time, so either way it works.
SPEAKER_R: then. I think I'll then I'll follow I'll follow your lead.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, good talking to you Andrew.
SPEAKER_R: We're
SPEAKER_L: Don't
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: forget
SPEAKER_R: to you too.
SPEAKER_L: to leave
SPEAKER_R: Hope
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: everything,
SPEAKER_L: oven.
SPEAKER_R: hope everything goes all right and you're life in the first saying future,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: Bye.