Hello.
It is.
How are you?
I think I could enter exactly the same way. I've had better days but I'm doing all right. Mhm mm My name is Evan and I go by E. J. Oh
all right awesome. Hey JJ. Cool. So today sunday so are you a big football watcher?
Yeah see where that goes.
you know.
Yeah. Yeah. So how long have you been on prolific grateful.
Me. Me too. I'm brand new at it. So this is uh this is very interesting. Um I've made some good money at it but but I haven't been doing it very wrong. Sure
I hope so. All right awesome. Yeah. So I was figuring uh I was figuring we could go back and forth maybe ask each other some questions. Um I have no I have no predefined questions. It's just whatever. But yeah I'm you
you mentioned you were a bears fan and I'm an Arizona cardinals fan. I lived in phoenix for Like four years and I didn't used to like the NFL actually I had a friend that got me into the NFL it was more of a college football kind of guy, but now it's interesting because the tables have kind of turned, I don't watch college football as much and I really like the NFL so
well
Mr
Hogan
a true season. Exactly. So it's like you should either play all the way or not playing. I'm a I'm a baseball fan too, and they had a shortened season in baseball and it just didn't feel the same way.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. Well my Cardinals were beaten by the Padres, so we were we were in the one game we were in the wild card series and our bullpen just blew the Game two, we were up by four runs and then we lost game two. Um So our bulb in really blew it for us but,
well,
diehard fan or anything? Huh.
Cool, cool. So what are the hobbies do you have? Well
you
do I've been once. I've been geo cashing once. Well
yeah, so yeah, I went geo cashing on a blind date once, but that was about the only time I ever did it and that was back when I was in college and um life is totally different now and there's no way in heck I would go on a blind date. But um yeah, so but I did I did some geo cashing so that's my only experience with that. I I like to um watch sports as I said, but I also love airplanes. So I I fly, there's a new Microsoft flight simulator that's out um Microsoft flight simulator 2020
and it came out in august and it's a very realistic way of flying a plane.
It's gonna
be a computer,
so.
cool. So so you like
jim
can.
All right, well that's okay, let's agree for sure. Um Do you have any brothers and sisters?
Brother and sister
brother and who's older? You or him?
Okay, cool. So this is my second time doing this too, so uh it's kind of interesting. I think I'm gonna keep doing it for the six times as long as I'm around too.
It's
not bad, I'll do it. Yeah, for sure. So
I did too, I have to tell you I felt very anxious when I did the first time, I was like uh but it turned out really well because I have a disability I have variable palsy and the lady I got matched up with actually was um a disability advocate in Kentucky. So it was very interesting because we had something common to talk about stuff like that. So how's
the
weather out there in Illinois?
All right, well that's awesome. That's awesome. I live in Idaho and I live close to Boise and they call it the banana bell up here. I don't know why they call it that, but we have pretty mild winter sometimes, but a couple of years ago we got dumped on with a bunch of snow. So uh they called it Snowmageddon actually because it was so bad. But.
no.
Do you run?
That's cool. Do you have a doll or anything
that you take with you?
that's
all right, cool. So you are a major outdoors guy and you have a lot of energy? Huh?
that's good. That's good. So uh exercise is kind of a hard thing for me to um being in a wheelchair channel. So I like to at least go outside and take my dog on a walk and but it's getting colder so I'm not I'm not too much for going out in the cold, but Yeah.
Yeah. So, well, let's see. Um Mhm. Anything else you wanted to know about me in particular?
And uh
and the thing about it is they don't give you anything to go up there, just like just talk. So it's like hard sometimes. But are you going to vote?
Oh, you did?
really? So you are in the politics? Huh?
Yeah. Okay, cool. And do people enter you, or does it just
do you do any other volunteer work or or uh
I just heard about that actually. Not too long ago.
Yeah. Oh, that's neat. I had somebody tell me I should apply for habitat for humanity house actually. So
That's
absolutely
sure you can't be overly cautious, I don't think with the pandemic. So
Absolutely. So, um just a quick question, What was it going to ask? I was going to ask something. Um Yeah. Um Oh yeah. What is your work from home job? I asked because I'm very interested in working from home myself.
Is it uh pretty good per hour if you had
more
hours?
First surgeons and evaluation.
All
Absolutely.
Absolutely. So,
yeah, absolutely. Well, I've heard of line bridge of before and I think it may be interesting for me to try and do lion bridge. So it may be something that I definitely look into, but whenever anybody says work from home, I'm like, oh, tell me what you do, So um
Nice. Okay. Yeah, definitely. So
we're doing something else,
For everything. And if you like, I don't know, some monotony is okay, as long as you said, it's bringing in some money on the side and stuff like that, someone not need to pay, so um
And
then
eight hours or whatever,
so
you'd be like, I don't know, I don't know. Mhm.
So
Oh, that's me, A lot of companies are going remote now, so um it's good for people with disabilities or people who don't have transportation or something like that to be able to work from from home.
Yeah, I can understand that. I I have caregivers that come in and take care of me all the time and sometimes I get worried, you know, because they go home and they do their thing and then they come back in here. Sometimes I get worried too, you know, because there was so many people coming in my house during the Covid, so
For what
high school or?
How are you gonna do it if you don't do it remotely or in person? Right.
So
good
structure is good for mental help, you know what I mean? Just to have a schedule and to have a routine and all man, very good for, for mental health, especially during Covid, I think. So
that's
it.
You can
say
monday
Tuesday
wins,
It's,
Absolutely. Well, I think we made it my friend.
I think we did it.
Exactly. So, good luck to you, Good talking to you and uh, maybe we'll see down the line.
well, I can tell you, I, I exited out and they paid me the first time, so either way it works.
All right. Well, good talking to you Andrew.
Don't
forget
to leave
the
oven.
Well,