SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Better work, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can see you and hear you.
SPEAKER_R: What's going on? I've tried uh three or four times now with the with the survey program to try and find somebody to talk with and every time I ever got hooked up with it it did never seem to work.
SPEAKER_L: Why didn't you get somebody to join you or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no no one ever showed up so I'm pretty
SPEAKER_L: well. Well their loss I guess
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: think so
SPEAKER_L: they know
SPEAKER_R: too,
SPEAKER_L: they don't get paid otherwise.
SPEAKER_R: yep. That's right. Uh So I figured do you want to uh tell me your first name, we go first names and where you're from?
SPEAKER_L: Okay so my name is Francisco. I am from Venezuela and I moved to the U. S. Three years ago.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Very cool. My name's Andy. I live in the U. S. Obviously I live in Missouri um lived here my whole life. I never lived anywhere else other than Missouri. So uh what made you move to the US?
SPEAKER_L: Well the situation in my country is not really great so
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: and I had a lot of family here so I decided to come here to study and hopefully find work to be able to stay.
SPEAKER_R: Very cool. What are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: So I graduated from cyber security measure in past december.
SPEAKER_R: okay. My little my little brother does some sort of, I'm not very good with computers but he does some sort of uh I think he does like more networking side of things but it's really it's really interesting to me, I mean like I said, I've never been able to quite figure out how it all works. My dad always worked with computers growing up but I never seem to be able to pick it up, you know, never seem to really be able to uh figure it out too. Well,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah everybody has their own skill set.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: You probably know how to do a lot of things that I have no idea how to do. So.
SPEAKER_R: well maybe, maybe, maybe not I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah for example I'm pretty bad that you know do it yourself kind of things, repairing, repairing
SPEAKER_R: is that right?
SPEAKER_L: things about around the home or God forbid I get my car breaks down in the middle of the trees because I don't know what to do so
SPEAKER_R: Sure, yeah, I actually I am okay at that stuff, I bought my wife and I bought a house uh here in town and I always like to say it had good bones, but really nothing else, so it just you know the foundation was solid and and things like that, but pretty much every room needed to be repaired in some way or another, you know the floors were bad, the uh the electrical had issues and the doors and windows were all old and things like that. And so I ended up, I mean, I'm I'm somewhat handy but not as handy as I needed to be to do everything to fix the whole thing. So I ended up uh learning how to do a lot of things that I never really wanted to learn how to do, you know, restoring restoring hardwood floors or um I mean, just working with, I installed all of
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: our appliances installed, you know, doing tile work and things like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: that. Uh Yeah, most of, like I say I, and now I'm at least comfortable with doing it, but I have no uh no desire to really do it anymore, you know, we've talked about moving again or you know, buying another place and I said God until I actually retired from my regular job, I don't think I would want to have to be doing it again. Uh you know, to try and to try and live in in a construction zone like that because it's just too much.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but like I said, you know, you know a lot of, a lot of things regarding home repaired and stuff that I have no idea how to do, I am only good at computers and basically that's it.
SPEAKER_R: that's all right. That's that's more than enough to get you by really, You know, I mean, there's always a need for it, so that's great. It's I mean, I was like I said, my little brother, he works for a firm here in town. And he I mean, God, I mean, the guy makes he's got to make probably twice what I do, you know? So he's obviously very comfortable. And
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I can remember when I was graduating high school, uh my dad, it was that I had just graduated and my dad said, hey, you know, once you come down, he always had his computer room in the basement of our house. You know, it's a finished basement. And uh, and he said, hey, once you come down here and I'll show you how to do some of these networking stuff or show you how to build this PC or whatever. And I was like, I'm going to the river dad, I don't have time going to, I'm going to go swim with my friends, I don't have time for this. And uh, you know, my little brother did have time for it. So you know, I mean, I ended up, I'm 39 now and I ended up being, uh, I think I was about 33 or 32 before I ever actually got a job where I didn't have to work on nights and weekends or holidays and stuff like that. So it's uh, I should have, should have probably listened in retrospect, but that
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: will.
SPEAKER_L: actually the same age. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: very cool. When's your birthday?
SPEAKER_L: november.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. You haven't had it yet then? Not hit the big 40 yet. That's good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, I think I actually had a tough time when I turned 30. Yeah, yeah, I really don't don't like getting older, I don't like my birthdays and all of that and now now that I'm going to get hit for it and it's going to hit me that I'm actually middle age now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I didn't bother me too much. I feel like I feel like it's not necessarily the age so much as uh some of the like this year I threw my back out and uh I had always um when I had always talked to people previously who had thrown their back out, you know, I always kind of thought like, oh really? You know, you sure you just didn't need a few days off work or you know, but man, I had to I had to make some apologies when I did it because oh, I mean it was just agony and and you know, stuff like that, discovering gray hairs and my beard and things. I mean, you know, I've been losing my hair for a while now, but that's been at least a gradual thing, but then you know, getting myself hurt and throwing my back out or just waking up in something new hurts. I asked my mom it's been a long time ago what it's like to be old and she said well you know, and she said well you know, you know if you've been out doing something like if you've been out, uh I grew up in a large city and then when I was 14 before high school, my dad had had a farm way, way out in the country and uh so I moved there and then I lived there for a time and then I moved back to another city. But uh you know, so we were splitting wood and things like that, she said, you know mom said well you know if you're if you're out splitting wood all day and you wake up and you're sore, you know, and she said getting old is like that only you didn't split with the day before, it's just something something's
SPEAKER_L: To
SPEAKER_R: hurting for no reason, you just don't know why. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that sounds, yeah, that sounds like I had, I have had a few pains myself like for example, two years ago I started getting this pain on my right leg mostly a when I'm driving and I have to stop on a red light, so I have to push the right foot over. Uh So I still have that pain and I don't know exactly what is causing it, but it's not like extremely painful for me to actually do something about it. But I tried to search around and uh I don't know if something called c attica attica or whatever, I don't know if something related to that, but I have that and sometimes, well I really don't have a good posture right now. I'm just like being on my bed. Uh So I know that I cannot hold this position for many years because now I'm going to start getting pains right here, around the back on anything. But most of the times if I'm at home and not working or anything like that, then I just use my laptop here and I use some platforms such as prolific just to earn a little bit of cash on the side. Um
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: How?
SPEAKER_R: gone through a couple of them actually go ahead. I'm sorry
SPEAKER_L: No, no, I I was going to ask you how did you find out about prolific?
SPEAKER_R: a friend of mine that I work with um he recommended it to me because we were just talking about making some extra money here
SPEAKER_L: More?
SPEAKER_R: and there and he said because I had read stuff about other survey apps and it always seemed to kind of be mixed responses, you know, some people saying because I've got I've got an mturk account as well through amazon
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too.
SPEAKER_R: and and that one uh it doesn't seem to be as either as like user friendly, as prolific or and certainly the rewards or not because I mean at least prolific, you know, if you get a survey pops up, you're qualified for it. Um but like I I I did mturk for a while, I still do it on and off, but mostly it just seems to be a lot of work or like you you will go through and get halfway through a survey and then it'll kick you and say that, you know, you don't qualify for this survey.
SPEAKER_L: well you should usually, I am a member of more than 15 sides
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: actually, and actually mturk will be like the second best for qualifying service because
SPEAKER_R: what was that? Right.
SPEAKER_L: all of the rest of the sides actually, they like to kick you and even kick you at the end on mturk if you get kick, which I will say it's only 5 to 10% of the time you get, you usually get kicked at the beginning, not at the end, but
SPEAKER_R: I think, I think all I've got is just I've got prolific uh Mturk I'm on pine cone research and uh and I did swag bucks for a while, but man, swag bucks is another one that's just that one was punishing, that one was just like I felt like I was working and working and getting like nothing, you know?
SPEAKER_L: well slack box was my first one and I was actually when before studying anything else, I was getting around
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: 600 a month from snack box. But most most of the reason of that is because I I wasn't working. So I used to do it something like six hours a day or something like that. But sock box is still useful for some things. Uh Sometimes they have what we call moneymakers and these are offers like you have something like you buy something for file or $10 and they pay you back $20 or $30 or something like that. So so that's why we call them a moneymaker because you actually get more than than what you pay for them. And sometimes you can get like free trials or or stuff like that. Uh
SPEAKER_R: huh
SPEAKER_L: They have popular offers like for example you pay Honolulu for one month, you pay $7 and then you get $30 back. And yeah you just have to remember to cancel to avoid getting charged. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: but once I started, once I started working then I try to reduce the number of sites. So that's what I have been concentrated on. Emptor can I can do between 507 100 per month doing that.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, okay. I know, I I've read some like guides and stuff like Reddit and similar where they said it's important to try and get your numbers up to a certain amount of hits done and then that opens up a lot more or like the returning, you know, hits that you can, you can do an entire series of them or do many, many hits, you know, combined into one.
SPEAKER_L: I have almost 10,000 hits now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's why
SPEAKER_L: And you you usually usually when you get around 5000 you will be able to do almost everything. But to to to tell you the truth the numbers hasn't really do anything good for me because this past month I just made 500 on the previous month I made 700 on the previous month I made 800. So I'm actually earning less of course and torque usually slows down around the summer because the universities are on vacation. Yeah but if you want to learn more on mturk you need to download some scripts and to those grapes actually catch, catch some hits because most of the time when you see a hit pop up and you click on, I said the most of the time you get you get the message, that is not a better way anymore because somebody else grabs it. So what the scripts do is that they keep trying the hit and see if anybody drops the heat and releases it, so you're able to grab it. So, so yeah, it requires a learning corporal if it doesn't have any of that car. However, I can only earn in prolific around 40 £40 per month. So, so so that's that's the difference you you don't get as much work there. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think uh like I said, I just mostly I just use it uh just for my own spending money, you know? Um my wife has an account as well, we've gotten a couple of surveys that were um joint, you know, we both had to fill out a diary or you know, what have you kind of a thing, but mostly that's all mine is as far as just my own, I just use it for my spending money, you know? So I mean I guess like I'm because I know some folks, especially with everything going on the way it is now, a lot of people out of work um you know, so a lot of people are really relying on it, you know, more than more than just for spending money, you know, or beer money or what have you, so Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I actually, before I started working I was starting between 1500 I'm very aware months I could do 2000 but really hard.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It really hard. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I would imagine that you'd probably have to be on on any of those sites for more than eight hours a day to pull that. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, I would say between 68 or 10 hours, but it's not like you're working those 10 hours straight, for example with Mturk like I said sometimes you see a list of hits and you use the script to mark all of the ones that you want, and then you start doing something else and then you get a you get a sound once you get the heat assigned to you and then you start working on them. So
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: so it's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: like yeah, it's not like you're 10 hours doing it straight and there are plenty of other platforms and if you like um there is one that I'm going to recommend to you is called user testing. Uh basically you need a microphone which you already do. What they do is that they perform usability
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: testing. They give your website to test and then you have to speak out loud while you're testing it and give your opinions and each test it pays $10 flat. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: that's not bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That doesn't matter if it's one minute or if it's 15 minutes they're going to pay $10 and sometimes you actually get one study live with the researcher. For example I had one on friday that I didn't having many months and this actually pays $60 for just 40 minutes. So
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: that's very good. Yeah, Yeah, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So so it's it's another good platform to have on your belt. Uh Just sign up
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: and they are going to test you like test this website for five minutes just to see that you are doing it the correct way and all of that. And if they approve your account then you are able to to take more tests and sexually pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, I'll have to check that out. Yeah, I was gonna say about the only because like I said, not not ever, I mean it's only just been this past year that I've been on with prolific um since before then I was either to make extra money, I would just ebay some of my old stuff, you know, sold selling some of my old video games or what have you and I mean way, way, way back in the day, I haven't had to do it, but uh, there was a time in my life when I was having to sell plasma a couple of days a week, you know, to make ends meet there and I mean you can make some decent money that way, but you know, I haven't, haven't had to do with that, haven't had to get that in the end of that matters in a while anyway, so that's it,
SPEAKER_L: Another
SPEAKER_R: it's good,
SPEAKER_L: way that you can do is
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: especially right now during the pandemic is just working or doordash or any of those food delivery like we we have this group on this court which is like an online chat where we discuss peer money earnings methods and all of that. And for example, there was one guy that yesterday, he made about 10 orders for doordash and he earned something like $90 something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's not bad. Yeah, I'm, since I'm an essential worker, it's, you know, it's always hard then at the end of the day especially I work primarily indoors but I have about 25% of my job that's outside, so a lot of times now that it's been so hot during the summer and Missouri summers are always humid so they're always it feels even worse. Uh and I can handle cold weather really well but hot weather I just can't do too well, so it seems like
SPEAKER_L: there,
SPEAKER_R: after I get home from a day's work, I just kind of want to sit down and chill for a while. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in texas. So right now we're
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: having very hot weather and the winters are what you will probably call mile because it gets down to maybe 2030 degrees and that's about as low as it goes. Of course for me that is still a lot because where I come from it's 90 degrees weather all
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: year long. Sometimes sometimes sometimes even more mm.
SPEAKER_R: I I've known a few people um you know from south and central America um my my little brother is actually, his ex wife was Guatemalan. And uh and I mean it was always it was always funny whenever we would see what she would wear during the winter
SPEAKER_L: How much?
SPEAKER_R: because it was like a coat and then a second coat and then it was you know um did you ever see the movie a christmas story?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think
SPEAKER_R: But there's
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: there's at one point the main characters, I think it's his little brother is so is so bundled up by his mom, he's like a starfish and he kind of waddles around and then fall, you can't he can't get up out of the snow. That's what she was always like was you know, it just seemed like, you know, she was so so bundled up, she couldn't hardly move, you know? And I figured if she did follow we wouldn't be able to, she would be able to get up by herself I think. But
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: I can I can do cold weather all day. I actually like cold weather better. It seems like the past couple winners have been mild but man, I I like snow and ice and all that kind of stuff. I'm I'm a big fan of that, I can handle that better than heat, that's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: I figure there's only so much clothes you can take off but you can always just put more on if you get cold, you know
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I don't really like that
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: part of winter because it's like I never find out the right balance. So if I if I feel appropriate with the clothes I'm wearing for being outside in the winter and then once I get back inside the house then you have to immediately take everything off or else you start sweating. So the whole take clothes out and put clothes on. It's just it just bothers me. I prefer I prefer around this summer because I can wear the same thing outside or inside and then the A. C. Takes care of the rest. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. So have you been have you been furloughed because of the pandemic or are you still
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: what we did?
SPEAKER_L: actually actually I can't complain. I have been working from home since March and I'm actually saving time and money because work was like 30 40 minutes drive drive away. So right now I just have that laptop over there that is my work laptop and I just have it like six ft away and that's and that's my commute.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've talked to a lot of people, I think a lot of people are finding out that a lot of companies are finding out that you know people could even probably work from home even after this is all over with and it will be better just for the company itself because they don't have to maintain a brick and mortar story, you know, I mean, just keep people on my, my wife, I'm like I said, I'm an essential worker, so I go in every day. Uh but my wife's been home pretty much since the same, she's been home since March. Um and other than just, you know, some minor boredom, it's, I mean it's been great for, she loves it. We actually just got a new puppy uh in March, and so that's been great for her being able to stay home with her and and uh and just kind of about time for work, so she rolls out of bed at you know, 10 till she has to be on her computer doing stuff rather than an hour to get ready and things like that and no commute. So
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: as as terrible as it
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: as it sounds, I mean obviously it's a horrible thing that's happening and a lot of people are going through a lot of really awful stuff, but I can't complain either. In fact, it's,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's been pretty okay for me, you know, it's it's uh all things considered, I'm saving money, I'm saving gas, you know, and she's saving time, so um yeah, it's all working out okay for us. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I think companies were scared that we were going to slack off from home since they can't really monitor us but, but I think everybody at least in my company that everybody has been responsible, they have been working as hard as normally they will and and when they started mentioning like one or two months ago that they were actually planning to go back
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: to the company to the bid to the brick and mortar building, many people including me were saying can will you stay
SPEAKER_R: This point,
SPEAKER_L: working from home? Yeah, because
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: really we, we even have software, we do Bertel meetings twice a week. We see each other face is if we went I know that it's not exactly
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the same but for many people we don't really care. We don't really need to see somebody in person. And actually I I work at the customer support jobs so I actually had to take phone calls. So right here in
SPEAKER_R: Wait
SPEAKER_L: my bedroom I am completely
SPEAKER_R: happened,
SPEAKER_L: isolated for every noise. So for me for me it's better. The only downside is uh my internet connection is not as great as if I was I was at the company and I had a few power black house and but mostly minor annoyances. Nothing really nothing really bad.
SPEAKER_R: well, and I can't think of the last time at my work that we had a meeting that couldn't have been an email, you know, I mean, it seems like every time they have a meeting and it's like okay, this this absolutely could have been an email and you know, even a step further than that. Like I said, I mean, since I'm since I'm essential, I I actually worked for a police department, I work in the property room, so taking in evidence and things like that, but so I have to go in. But even then, you know, a lot of the meetings that will have, it's just like, okay, this this definitely could have been an email and I could have just read it at my desk rather than having to go to a conference room or what have you to do this stuff. So so much of
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it is, I I think that's what a lot of companies are figuring out is even, it seems like just people's morale
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: has improved by letting them work from home and you know, you can just wear your shorts and a T shirt and get to work on on what you have to get to work on rather than having to get dressed up and you know doing your hair all
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: those other things. So I mean I don't have that problem is only hair, but you know that's just that's just you know my bad luck anyway, so let's
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: see what else do
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: you have any,
SPEAKER_L: right man. Uh No it was really nice talking to you. I think we have
SPEAKER_R: you too.
SPEAKER_L: met our our requirements. It has been 25 minutes so I will let you go so that
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: we can complete the we can complete the survey.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. Well, good luck to you man and take care of yourself.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. You too nice
SPEAKER_R: All right, See
SPEAKER_L: meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: Bye.