Better work, wow.
What's going on? I've tried uh three or four times now with the with the survey program to try and find somebody to talk with and every time I ever got hooked up with it it did never seem to work.
Yeah no no one ever showed up so I'm pretty
I
think so
too,
yep. That's right. Uh So I figured do you want to uh tell me your first name, we go first names and where you're from?
Okay. Very cool. My name's Andy. I live in the U. S. Obviously I live in Missouri um lived here my whole life. I never lived anywhere else other than Missouri. So uh what made you move to the US?
It's
Very cool. What are you studying?
okay. My little my little brother does some sort of, I'm not very good with computers but he does some sort of uh I think he does like more networking side of things but it's really it's really interesting to me, I mean like I said, I've never been able to quite figure out how it all works. My dad always worked with computers growing up but I never seem to be able to pick it up, you know, never seem to really be able to uh figure it out too. Well,
I'm
well maybe, maybe, maybe not I guess.
is that right?
Sure, yeah, I actually I am okay at that stuff, I bought my wife and I bought a house uh here in town and I always like to say it had good bones, but really nothing else, so it just you know the foundation was solid and and things like that, but pretty much every room needed to be repaired in some way or another, you know the floors were bad, the uh the electrical had issues and the doors and windows were all old and things like that. And so I ended up, I mean, I'm I'm somewhat handy but not as handy as I needed to be to do everything to fix the whole thing. So I ended up uh learning how to do a lot of things that I never really wanted to learn how to do, you know, restoring restoring hardwood floors or um I mean, just working with, I installed all of
our appliances installed, you know, doing tile work and things like
that. Uh Yeah, most of, like I say I, and now I'm at least comfortable with doing it, but I have no uh no desire to really do it anymore, you know, we've talked about moving again or you know, buying another place and I said God until I actually retired from my regular job, I don't think I would want to have to be doing it again. Uh you know, to try and to try and live in in a construction zone like that because it's just too much.
that's all right. That's that's more than enough to get you by really, You know, I mean, there's always a need for it, so that's great. It's I mean, I was like I said, my little brother, he works for a firm here in town. And he I mean, God, I mean, the guy makes he's got to make probably twice what I do, you know? So he's obviously very comfortable. And
I can remember when I was graduating high school, uh my dad, it was that I had just graduated and my dad said, hey, you know, once you come down, he always had his computer room in the basement of our house. You know, it's a finished basement. And uh, and he said, hey, once you come down here and I'll show you how to do some of these networking stuff or show you how to build this PC or whatever. And I was like, I'm going to the river dad, I don't have time going to, I'm going to go swim with my friends, I don't have time for this. And uh, you know, my little brother did have time for it. So you know, I mean, I ended up, I'm 39 now and I ended up being, uh, I think I was about 33 or 32 before I ever actually got a job where I didn't have to work on nights and weekends or holidays and stuff like that. So it's uh, I should have, should have probably listened in retrospect, but that
will.
very cool. When's your birthday?
Okay. You haven't had it yet then? Not hit the big 40 yet. That's good. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I didn't bother me too much. I feel like I feel like it's not necessarily the age so much as uh some of the like this year I threw my back out and uh I had always um when I had always talked to people previously who had thrown their back out, you know, I always kind of thought like, oh really? You know, you sure you just didn't need a few days off work or you know, but man, I had to I had to make some apologies when I did it because oh, I mean it was just agony and and you know, stuff like that, discovering gray hairs and my beard and things. I mean, you know, I've been losing my hair for a while now, but that's been at least a gradual thing, but then you know, getting myself hurt and throwing my back out or just waking up in something new hurts. I asked my mom it's been a long time ago what it's like to be old and she said well you know, and she said well you know, you know if you've been out doing something like if you've been out, uh I grew up in a large city and then when I was 14 before high school, my dad had had a farm way, way out in the country and uh so I moved there and then I lived there for a time and then I moved back to another city. But uh you know, so we were splitting wood and things like that, she said, you know mom said well you know if you're if you're out splitting wood all day and you wake up and you're sore, you know, and she said getting old is like that only you didn't split with the day before, it's just something something's
hurting for no reason, you just don't know why. Cool.
I've
gone through a couple of them actually go ahead. I'm sorry
a friend of mine that I work with um he recommended it to me because we were just talking about making some extra money here
and there and he said because I had read stuff about other survey apps and it always seemed to kind of be mixed responses, you know, some people saying because I've got I've got an mturk account as well through amazon
and and that one uh it doesn't seem to be as either as like user friendly, as prolific or and certainly the rewards or not because I mean at least prolific, you know, if you get a survey pops up, you're qualified for it. Um but like I I I did mturk for a while, I still do it on and off, but mostly it just seems to be a lot of work or like you you will go through and get halfway through a survey and then it'll kick you and say that, you know, you don't qualify for this survey.
I
was
what was that? Right.
I think, I think all I've got is just I've got prolific uh Mturk I'm on pine cone research and uh and I did swag bucks for a while, but man, swag bucks is another one that's just that one was punishing, that one was just like I felt like I was working and working and getting like nothing, you know?
What,
huh
Mhm.
Oh wow, okay. I know, I I've read some like guides and stuff like Reddit and similar where they said it's important to try and get your numbers up to a certain amount of hits done and then that opens up a lot more or like the returning, you know, hits that you can, you can do an entire series of them or do many, many hits, you know, combined into one.
that's why
Yeah, I think uh like I said, I just mostly I just use it uh just for my own spending money, you know? Um my wife has an account as well, we've gotten a couple of surveys that were um joint, you know, we both had to fill out a diary or you know, what have you kind of a thing, but mostly that's all mine is as far as just my own, I just use it for my spending money, you know? So I mean I guess like I'm because I know some folks, especially with everything going on the way it is now, a lot of people out of work um you know, so a lot of people are really relying on it, you know, more than more than just for spending money, you know, or beer money or what have you, so Yeah.
Yeah.
I would imagine that you'd probably have to be on on any of those sites for more than eight hours a day to pull that. Right?
All
that's
not
No.
that's not bad.
that's
that's very good. Yeah, Yeah, that's awesome.
It
Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, I'll have to check that out. Yeah, I was gonna say about the only because like I said, not not ever, I mean it's only just been this past year that I've been on with prolific um since before then I was either to make extra money, I would just ebay some of my old stuff, you know, sold selling some of my old video games or what have you and I mean way, way, way back in the day, I haven't had to do it, but uh, there was a time in my life when I was having to sell plasma a couple of days a week, you know, to make ends meet there and I mean you can make some decent money that way, but you know, I haven't, haven't had to do with that, haven't had to get that in the end of that matters in a while anyway, so that's it,
it's good,
but
Yeah, that's not bad. Yeah, I'm, since I'm an essential worker, it's, you know, it's always hard then at the end of the day especially I work primarily indoors but I have about 25% of my job that's outside, so a lot of times now that it's been so hot during the summer and Missouri summers are always humid so they're always it feels even worse. Uh and I can handle cold weather really well but hot weather I just can't do too well, so it seems like
after I get home from a day's work, I just kind of want to sit down and chill for a while. Yeah.
man.
All
I I've known a few people um you know from south and central America um my my little brother is actually, his ex wife was Guatemalan. And uh and I mean it was always it was always funny whenever we would see what she would wear during the winter
because it was like a coat and then a second coat and then it was you know um did you ever see the movie a christmas story?
But there's
there's at one point the main characters, I think it's his little brother is so is so bundled up by his mom, he's like a starfish and he kind of waddles around and then fall, you can't he can't get up out of the snow. That's what she was always like was you know, it just seemed like, you know, she was so so bundled up, she couldn't hardly move, you know? And I figured if she did follow we wouldn't be able to, she would be able to get up by herself I think. But
no
I can I can do cold weather all day. I actually like cold weather better. It seems like the past couple winners have been mild but man, I I like snow and ice and all that kind of stuff. I'm I'm a big fan of that, I can handle that better than heat, that's for sure.
I figure there's only so much clothes you can take off but you can always just put more on if you get cold, you know
she
Absolutely. So have you been have you been furloughed because of the pandemic or are you still
what we did?
Yeah. I've talked to a lot of people, I think a lot of people are finding out that a lot of companies are finding out that you know people could even probably work from home even after this is all over with and it will be better just for the company itself because they don't have to maintain a brick and mortar story, you know, I mean, just keep people on my, my wife, I'm like I said, I'm an essential worker, so I go in every day. Uh but my wife's been home pretty much since the same, she's been home since March. Um and other than just, you know, some minor boredom, it's, I mean it's been great for, she loves it. We actually just got a new puppy uh in March, and so that's been great for her being able to stay home with her and and uh and just kind of about time for work, so she rolls out of bed at you know, 10 till she has to be on her computer doing stuff rather than an hour to get ready and things like that and no commute. So
as as terrible as it
as it sounds, I mean obviously it's a horrible thing that's happening and a lot of people are going through a lot of really awful stuff, but I can't complain either. In fact, it's,
I mean it's been pretty okay for me, you know, it's it's uh all things considered, I'm saving money, I'm saving gas, you know, and she's saving time, so um yeah, it's all working out okay for us. Mhm
but
This point,
Yeah.
No.
Wait
happened,
well, and I can't think of the last time at my work that we had a meeting that couldn't have been an email, you know, I mean, it seems like every time they have a meeting and it's like okay, this this absolutely could have been an email and you know, even a step further than that. Like I said, I mean, since I'm since I'm essential, I I actually worked for a police department, I work in the property room, so taking in evidence and things like that, but so I have to go in. But even then, you know, a lot of the meetings that will have, it's just like, okay, this this definitely could have been an email and I could have just read it at my desk rather than having to go to a conference room or what have you to do this stuff. So so much of
it is, I I think that's what a lot of companies are figuring out is even, it seems like just people's morale
has improved by letting them work from home and you know, you can just wear your shorts and a T shirt and get to work on on what you have to get to work on rather than having to get dressed up and you know doing your hair all
those other things. So I mean I don't have that problem is only hair, but you know that's just that's just you know my bad luck anyway, so let's
see what else do
you have any,
you too.
All
Absolutely. Well, good luck to you man and take care of yourself.
All right, See
you