Hello?
Yeah, I can see you and hear you.
Why didn't you get somebody to join you or?
well. Well their loss I guess
because
they know
they don't get paid otherwise.
Okay so my name is Francisco. I am from Venezuela and I moved to the U. S. Three years ago.
Well the situation in my country is not really great so
and I had a lot of family here so I decided to come here to study and hopefully find work to be able to stay.
So I graduated from cyber security measure in past december.
Yeah everybody has their own skill set.
You probably know how to do a lot of things that I have no idea how to do. So.
Yeah for example I'm pretty bad that you know do it yourself kind of things, repairing, repairing
things about around the home or God forbid I get my car breaks down in the middle of the trees because I don't know what to do so
well
and
yeah, but like I said, you know, you know a lot of, a lot of things regarding home repaired and stuff that I have no idea how to do, I am only good at computers and basically that's it.
And
we're
actually the same age. Yeah,
november.
Yeah, I mean, I think I actually had a tough time when I turned 30. Yeah, yeah, I really don't don't like getting older, I don't like my birthdays and all of that and now now that I'm going to get hit for it and it's going to hit me that I'm actually middle age now. Yeah.
To
Yeah, that sounds, yeah, that sounds like I had, I have had a few pains myself like for example, two years ago I started getting this pain on my right leg mostly a when I'm driving and I have to stop on a red light, so I have to push the right foot over. Uh So I still have that pain and I don't know exactly what is causing it, but it's not like extremely painful for me to actually do something about it. But I tried to search around and uh I don't know if something called c attica attica or whatever, I don't know if something related to that, but I have that and sometimes, well I really don't have a good posture right now. I'm just like being on my bed. Uh So I know that I cannot hold this position for many years because now I'm going to start getting pains right here, around the back on anything. But most of the times if I'm at home and not working or anything like that, then I just use my laptop here and I use some platforms such as prolific just to earn a little bit of cash on the side. Um
How?
No, no, I I was going to ask you how did you find out about prolific?
More?
Yeah, me too.
well you should usually, I am a member of more than 15 sides
and
actually, and actually mturk will be like the second best for qualifying service because
all of the rest of the sides actually, they like to kick you and even kick you at the end on mturk if you get kick, which I will say it's only 5 to 10% of the time you get, you usually get kicked at the beginning, not at the end, but
well slack box was my first one and I was actually when before studying anything else, I was getting around
600 a month from snack box. But most most of the reason of that is because I I wasn't working. So I used to do it something like six hours a day or something like that. But sock box is still useful for some things. Uh Sometimes they have what we call moneymakers and these are offers like you have something like you buy something for file or $10 and they pay you back $20 or $30 or something like that. So so that's why we call them a moneymaker because you actually get more than than what you pay for them. And sometimes you can get like free trials or or stuff like that. Uh
They have popular offers like for example you pay Honolulu for one month, you pay $7 and then you get $30 back. And yeah you just have to remember to cancel to avoid getting charged. Yeah
but once I started, once I started working then I try to reduce the number of sites. So that's what I have been concentrated on. Emptor can I can do between 507 100 per month doing that.
I have almost 10,000 hits now. Yeah.
And you you usually usually when you get around 5000 you will be able to do almost everything. But to to to tell you the truth the numbers hasn't really do anything good for me because this past month I just made 500 on the previous month I made 700 on the previous month I made 800. So I'm actually earning less of course and torque usually slows down around the summer because the universities are on vacation. Yeah but if you want to learn more on mturk you need to download some scripts and to those grapes actually catch, catch some hits because most of the time when you see a hit pop up and you click on, I said the most of the time you get you get the message, that is not a better way anymore because somebody else grabs it. So what the scripts do is that they keep trying the hit and see if anybody drops the heat and releases it, so you're able to grab it. So, so yeah, it requires a learning corporal if it doesn't have any of that car. However, I can only earn in prolific around 40 £40 per month. So, so so that's that's the difference you you don't get as much work there. Mhm.
Yeah, I actually, before I started working I was starting between 1500 I'm very aware months I could do 2000 but really hard.
It really hard. Yeah.
Uh Yeah, I would say between 68 or 10 hours, but it's not like you're working those 10 hours straight, for example with Mturk like I said sometimes you see a list of hits and you use the script to mark all of the ones that you want, and then you start doing something else and then you get a you get a sound once you get the heat assigned to you and then you start working on them. So
so it's
not
like yeah, it's not like you're 10 hours doing it straight and there are plenty of other platforms and if you like um there is one that I'm going to recommend to you is called user testing. Uh basically you need a microphone which you already do. What they do is that they perform usability
testing. They give your website to test and then you have to speak out loud while you're testing it and give your opinions and each test it pays $10 flat. Yes.
Yeah. That doesn't matter if it's one minute or if it's 15 minutes they're going to pay $10 and sometimes you actually get one study live with the researcher. For example I had one on friday that I didn't having many months and this actually pays $60 for just 40 minutes. So
it was
Yeah. So so it's it's another good platform to have on your belt. Uh Just sign up
and they are going to test you like test this website for five minutes just to see that you are doing it the correct way and all of that. And if they approve your account then you are able to to take more tests and sexually pretty good.
Another
way that you can do is
especially right now during the pandemic is just working or doordash or any of those food delivery like we we have this group on this court which is like an online chat where we discuss peer money earnings methods and all of that. And for example, there was one guy that yesterday, he made about 10 orders for doordash and he earned something like $90 something like that.
there,
I'm in texas. So right now we're
having very hot weather and the winters are what you will probably call mile because it gets down to maybe 2030 degrees and that's about as low as it goes. Of course for me that is still a lot because where I come from it's 90 degrees weather all
year long. Sometimes sometimes sometimes even more mm.
How much?
Yeah I think
thank you.
yeah that's
funny.
Well that's pretty cool.
Yeah I don't really like that
part of winter because it's like I never find out the right balance. So if I if I feel appropriate with the clothes I'm wearing for being outside in the winter and then once I get back inside the house then you have to immediately take everything off or else you start sweating. So the whole take clothes out and put clothes on. It's just it just bothers me. I prefer I prefer around this summer because I can wear the same thing outside or inside and then the A. C. Takes care of the rest. Yeah.
No
actually actually I can't complain. I have been working from home since March and I'm actually saving time and money because work was like 30 40 minutes drive drive away. So right now I just have that laptop over there that is my work laptop and I just have it like six ft away and that's and that's my commute.
So
or
No.
I think companies were scared that we were going to slack off from home since they can't really monitor us but, but I think everybody at least in my company that everybody has been responsible, they have been working as hard as normally they will and and when they started mentioning like one or two months ago that they were actually planning to go back
to the company to the bid to the brick and mortar building, many people including me were saying can will you stay
working from home? Yeah, because
really we, we even have software, we do Bertel meetings twice a week. We see each other face is if we went I know that it's not exactly
the same but for many people we don't really care. We don't really need to see somebody in person. And actually I I work at the customer support jobs so I actually had to take phone calls. So right here in
my bedroom I am completely
isolated for every noise. So for me for me it's better. The only downside is uh my internet connection is not as great as if I was I was at the company and I had a few power black house and but mostly minor annoyances. Nothing really nothing really bad.
So
it
Just
All
All
right man. Uh No it was really nice talking to you. I think we have
met our our requirements. It has been 25 minutes so I will let you go so that
we can complete the we can complete the survey.
Thank you. You too nice
meeting you.
Bye.