I
understand completely and I appreciate that. I mean, how are you today?
Uh, it's been a stressful day. And what flavor Pringles are those anyway?
Oh, even better. Okay. They looked like Pringles, but I was wrong.
My bad.
The
important
thing.
I so started out in Japan were supposed to be getting one here in phoenix very soon. I lived in japan for eight years. I'm
very
familiar with. Uh, as a matter of fact, word of advice, the uh, garden tomato prints are really bloody good and they do
sell those that die. So they're just little breadsticks, but they're really tasty. Yeah,
no, I, I love quote unquote international snacks. Americans make barbecue hot and sour cream and onion and that's it. And it's like, no, we'll give me my british chris, my japanese crisps, all that Now. What part of southern California? Are you from like the L. A. Area or
remains from riverside originally. Never
hates from riverside originally a few
years ago though she's lived out for a while, so really
cool. Very cool. Most pretty much my California geographical knowledge starts at laurel canyon and sunset and goes to about okay. It goes from the whiskey a go go up to the to where the viper room used to be. Let's be real. Yeah. I don't I don't California too much. Although I do miss my rock bolos and my Tommy burgers. So have you ever lived in Asia? Or is it just that because disco is close by that you discovered you like uh
way.
Sometimes
you still gotta do what you gotta do is you're careful and safe and stuff is the way I look at it. So so what do you do? Are you a student or
you
have
it? That's
you can
change.
That
must be both
very frustrating, terrifying and rewarding all at the same time.
What uh score score?
hi.
That's
cool. It took me 20 years to complete associates degree.
It is not, I'm not going to judge anyone on how long it takes they gotta do, you know?
Oh my goodness, isn't it though? I'm like, I sit there and I look and tuition and thank goodness the company that I work for, they don't make you do the reimbursement, they'll pay it up front and then you reimburse
them if you get a bad great, I love that. So
does
that work for long?
They would
prefer
that it be in a business related field, but because I work for a cell phone company, that's a very broad spectrum, because marketing counts uh
basically anything outside of something specific to go into a non stem field would count, you know what I mean? Like
I tried to go with biology, they're gonna be like, okay, no, but like if I wanted to go into computer science hey relevant. So
the catch all when you don't know what quite what you want to do when you grow up or if you're ever going to grow up, so.
Thank you.
that's
really a shame that that's such a shame because it's very difficult to find people who have the calling for that and then to have the hands
on experience and able to get the educational background for it, it's cutting off their nose to spite their face is really?
You
know what
that makes sense? I mean, you owe them nothing, you know? Well, I look at it so,
but still again, it must be very nice to know that you're having an impact that's got sometimes feel really good.
look,
quickly.
No
well you gotta do what you gotta do and quite frankly if we don't care take care of the young it's going to be there to take care of us when we're old. Right?
we're not going to think about all the terrible things that can happen.
fair enough. And so that society doesn't harm them either. You have
that perspective to write.
But
that's let's let's move to cheer your topics shall we?
What
do you do for fun generally What are your interests? Okay.
Are we talking FPs MMO RPG world
building, humor me
here.
we're
gonna get the T. V. P. Kind of guy
boy.
I remember when that first came out. Yeah
but I was already past my video game year that stage I'm a little old. Okay I'll admit it pretty late
now there are,
and honestly I've gotten into more of the casual games because there are nice stress reliever. I kind of got out of gaming around the time when you kind of had to start relying on cheats to be able to finish something, you know, it was like when I have to study to play, it's not worth it to me. Just not.
Is
that
likely?
I mean,
I'm not no time for that.
You understand?
that's my dad with his hockey game on the Xbox. He's like one of only got four more seasons before I get retired and then I'll start fresh, but hey, we won the Stanley cup. Okay, cool. You know, I'm not big on
sports to begin with, so I definitely wouldn't be playing them as a video game, you know what I mean? Just the thing with me I think. Yeah.
Uh huh.
I
have
you're seeing Once Upon a Time back in the days of things like Virtual Fighter and uh the original sounds and you know, I may or may not showing my age again, I may or may not have once literally played Tetris for 23 hours straight because
it just got hypnotic at the time on a commodore Amiga.
Like
see that just takes all the fun out of it. I didn't like it. The one that had all the bombs in it. No, no, I didn't like I am I find competing with myself to be difficult enough. So
everyone has to feed, right? Everyone has different needs. Right.
why why would you have to stop?
That's
fine.
so you
don't stop?
You don't stop. You just monitor your time doing it. You're
going
to be really
useful.
huh.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Well
yeah, I mean I can see whether it be a lot of reading in your job. Yeah,
understandable.
Okay. But you know what everything is scary because if it weren't scary that needed to be easy and if it's easy it's not worth it to talk.
Everything
harden.
Oh what type, what breed is he or she wow.
I don't know.
You know what that's the best kind no breed at all. Just dog.
I
no
poor. We
have we have two dogs and a cat. Men pins and an alley cat. And when I say al academy literally she was born from to a feral in the alley behind our house. And when she was old enough to be separated from her mother, we brought her indoors and she's been indoors ever since. Uh
She's a good girl. Uh
well right now she's underneath my bed because she was out playing with the dogs earlier in the house because in Arizona, we have coyotes. And
so I don't like to let her go outside at all ever, but I'll let her go out and circulate with the dogs and I'll chase
each other around the house and Wrathall and have a good time, right? But then she's tired and cats sleep a lot, but she's a very good hunter and she's an absolute sweetheart. And I'm actually surprised with me talking that she hasn't woken up and come and batted at my face to tell me to shut up while she sleeps Truthfully.
Oh no. See that there would be none of that cooper is because that's her name. Cooper. Cooper is very um she's a very much a creature of routine and since I work from home she knows okay these hours or work hours so she gets most of her sleeping then and okay this is the time of day when I take my nab, this is the time of day when mom's up and can play the time of day when she lets me go play with the dogs and she's very well behaved for a cat that's about to turn a year old. But she's
by no means lazy. Oh gosh. Uh
Thank
the doctor do.
Boston.
baby.
What
I
can
do
this it's cheaper for people to go to a doctor over the border than it is here. Come on, let's be real. Mhm.
I mean you have a day trip basically.
Well I don't think that I think there's a little complication now don't you? I mean I could be wrong but I think there's a complication these days so but now I know I know quite a few people who do that and well quite frankly growing up in Miami um a lot of the people that I knew would fly if they needed for example cosmetic surgery you know um would fly to like Argentina or to Colombia and have
it done so much less expensive than states so.
So. Uh huh.
I'm like
like dude, I mean sometimes I'm scrambling for the gas money to go across town to the doctor much less jump on a plane you know so but
I guess it evens out
oh granted I mean I personally I would love for there to be a system such that people didn't have to do such things. I'm an idealist. What can I say?
Well that's why we all have a vote, right? So
you can say
that if you like but mine I actually know for a fact in the biden gore election, I said that wrong uh sorry Bush gore I've
got my mind on the current election. Bush gore election at
the time I was living overseas and I had a mail in ballot and being a registered democrat in Dade County. What a shock that mine was one of the votes that got thrown out so I don't
have my vote counts
more than anybody else's. I know times when it hadn't counted at all
hard
to
get
day
daddy.
Yeah. And it was funny because the only way that I found out about it and yes, I'm still bitter about it and yes, I still vote by mail, but that's still better. Uh, the only way I found out about it was we got a phone call from the new york times and because of the fact that traditionally military families tend to vote republican and I was a Democratic voter. Uh, my valid was an unusual one to have gotten thrown out. And so they interviewed me and stuff and I kind of still bitter about it and it's been what, 20 years not getting, not getting over it now,
what we have
done everything correctly, but the person who had to witness it before I could make it had done something wrong. And so I wound up being disenfranchised because of someone else's mistake. And I will never,
ever forget that
we
don't in Arizona either. We just
have
to sign the outside of the envelope. But to me that adds a whole another level of things because so much for a secret ballot. Yeah.
Okay. I know they're taking it out and
no
one's going to sit there and you know, cross reference. But the very fact that it's supposed to be a secret ballot, but you have to sign off on it. That to me is like, no.
pardon?
Fair enough.
No. Now, I know if I'm never trying to commit voter fraud in California, use a health,
you know, and they'll think it was you.
your boys nice and quiet.
No.
frankly I'm surprised we haven't heard the men pins yet.
Yeah. Fedex must have run early today. Uh, any time any delivery vehicle comes up the street or the next street over or the next street over on the other side or around the corner. Yeah,
it's mental
pretty much constantly. Yes, but it's early afternoon, so they're probably napping because quite frankly it's hot out here. I mean, yes, we've got air conditioning but it's 100 and 10 degrees. Dogs will nap in heat. Thank goodness.
You've
got an ocean breeze. We have none of that.
No.
That's
the one thing L. A. We we usually would have a little bit of breeze off the ocean. Same thing in my, you know, butt. Not so much here.
And we're not even a fancy desert were just a plain old desert man. Real talk.
So it's definitely, shall we say, entertaining in the sense of not very. Mhm. Yeah.
phoenix is the fifth largest city in America
and
I live right on the outside of it. I live in Tempe where A. S. U. Is
I when I initially moved to Arizona the goal was that I would wind up in Los Angeles eventually. But life changes and am I always happy here? No, am I happy more often than not? Yes. Am I content most of the time also? Yes.
So it is what it is, you know. Mhm.
Right. Mhm. That's one of the things um I also am not very fond of the Wild West attitude that a lot of the people who live out here have okay,
I am not very conservative and even on the things that I am conservative about, I am not someone who believes that the correct way to get my point across is with a gun in hand. That's
what I came by Wild
West. This is an open carry state and I don't care for that. Um I do not. Again, I'm all for you know, protecting yourself, but if you feel the need to tote a gun on you when you're going to the grocery store, then maybe you should just get your groceries delivered. I'm just saying, you know, my opinion. Um, that's what, that's what I mean by Wild West, everyone
feels that their individual is, um, um, overrides the need to be part of a community. And I think the community is very important. Again, this goes back to growing up in Miami because
in Miami the communities are very tight knit, especially on the
beach. You know, and you know, you've got a very tight knit groups and out here, it's not
just every man for him or herself, but it much more aggressive
than that, outwardly aggressive. Like it's not just leave me alone. It's I gots mine now let me have yours and I don't like that. I believe in community. It's a thing with me.
that's too many, too many years, like you said in many different places because when I lived in Japan as an example, you know, even though everyone kept to themselves, there was always an overriding sense of this is good for the community. This is what we do. And
I
know
that
at times, okay,
what,
you
know, if I could afford California, I probably would have wound up there, but it just got to it. It's a, that's
real thing.
You
don't
get
that, don't say Callie got it.
Well,
how predictable is anything that has happened this year? Yeah,
that's
a loaded question, isn't it? Uh,
There
are a lot of people
who think that it will cause that drop, but it hasn't yet. And a lot of people at the very start of this mess were in the process of purchasing because they were anticipating and dropping and stuff and they're like, okay, I'm gonna do this. And it's like, well you have fun with that. I mean, so it is what it is, I suppose.
Yeah, who knows. Right. Oh,
so we're there. I've been babbling on and on and just talking all over you. I'm sorry for that. I tend to be a very talkative person. I get the impression you are a listener in your line of work.
I could never do that. I would not be able to keep the objectivity the wall that you have to build to keep you and your patients. If I couldn't do it, I'd get agree on their
behalf or angry at them for being idiots. Because that happens. We get does
there were some people make a whole lot bigger deal of what has happened to them than they ever should have.
I'm
talking when I say certain therapy patients just need to get slapped. Uh I'm talking about traditionally women in my demographic who are of a certain age and have a certain income. And the word we use for them now is Karen's used to call them soccer moms. Now we call them Karen. Now honey, you have
not been traumatized. You just say you know what? You need to be slapped. You know, it's like you deal with some real life for a minute and then we'll talk, honey
though I couldn't deal with that. I'm sorry. Oh my gosh! My life is so miserable. I was given you know what? No, I'm not. Uh
you know what life is. You know if you were 16 and saw your mother killed someone in self defense. Okay, legit to have some Issues even as you're older, but oh my God, my dad didn't buy me a car when I turned 16. Shut the hell up! Help.
And that is why I wouldn't be able to take the objectivity. Yeah,
that's
the frustrating part. The ones who most need the assistance are the ones least able to afford it. Which ties back in to what I said about. I wish that we had a healthcare system that allowed people to get what they need. I just do. And you know, and let's face it, there are also both patients and doctors who think that the answer is always in a little pill and I know a little pill is a tool in in the majority of cases. For example, PTSD, you know, yes
to really get to really work through a legit case of PTSD requires actual top therapy. You can't just kill it away bipolar.
Sometimes
you
can you can learn coping techniques and you can medicate it to where you're in a range where you can handle those coping techniques. Okay? But something like PTSD not gonna happen, schizophrenia, you are not going to be able to do without a pill. Now, therapy is great, but you're gonna have to have that bill or it ain't gonna work period.
That's crazy. Yeah. So definitely interesting stuff. Well,
we've been chatting for about half an hour or so. Was there anything you wanted to bring up? Well then, I hope you have a lovely day, Stay safe and healthy. Okay.