Mm. Hello? Sorry. My documents.
Yeah, it's been good. How about yours?
Oh, let's see.
Well,
yeah, it was just something I'm not sure what part of the country from about.
I'm from southern
California.
And we have uh start called Ditto.
Move
on,
beautiful.
okay. I'm listen.
And I'm from riverside. I don't know if your little southern California, but Right.
Uh huh. Oh yeah.
then. Yeah. Mhm.
was from him.
I really feel like going today. Such a problem. True. So I just thank them. Yeah. You know, we shouldn't really be going out,
but I
want to.
Well, right now I am, but I still work at, I work as the, we called up here and Family advocate. I work for, it's a
youth
center.
but we specialize with with youth who have some fear severe mentor like disorder, whether it's like schizophrenia or
exam
disorders,
stuff like that.
100
twitter's but for now I get paid to play like Davis with them the whole day. Some
I know exactly.
It gives me a chance to to do things that I like and well I tried to get back into school but I mean I got back into school now so I'm
good.
No.
No. Yeah particularly. It's so expensive. Not the event.
Home?
Yeah. That's nice. That's
super
Uh huh. Yeah. And for anything or is it just form?
Remember
there?
Mhm.
No.
Yeah. Still that's super news.
Yeah. Oh yeah. I wish my company, I wish my company did something like that. And then I asked him with the scholarships and then they were just like now he laughed a little bit of this and now and I was like
I don't I it doesn't make any sense to me. Like the company is literally called mental health systems but they don't give away like any sort of assistance to our employees that
are trying to work in mental health, you know, Doesn't make a
Picture.
definitely. Yeah. Especially because there right now here there's a huge demand for for people who speak spanish like we've been trying to find a therapist to speak spanish or like forever. But uh it's sort of I don't wanna do anything so sorry it's fine. I'll probably end up going to a different
company,
I'll probably go to a different company when I graduate.
that's true.
No. Yeah. And it's really immediate too. Like some of the impacts on, because we also work with homeless people.
So we're pretty much the only, yeah, we're pretty much the only like a center that does housing
in the whole entire Seminole County trump. So if they're, if they're homeless and they're between the ages of 16 and 26, your opinion is our only option whether
they like it or not because I mean some of them, uh, I mean they're not someone up and then like sit down there you go, I'm never going to come back here again. And then like a week or two later they come back.
No. Yeah, definitely. And even then it's better for them to, to be there at the center because man, we could be out there like italian people relation.
Oh definitely. They can do, they can definitely do some pretty big mom army and they do things that are pretty bad when they just get bored. We're just going to keep them entropy and so they don't go out and like harm society.
definitely.
True. That's
true.
Thank
you.
I play video games.
I'll play
anything
that can be played competitively. I like that, I like that
aspect.
Yeah. And then when I'm frustrated at the game I just, I just played my switch people over hopefully whatever explaining message, whatever I'm playing, I'm playing
paper Mario. No. Mhm.
I do.
Well but they're still in both games.
There we go.
The point of the second job
and there's other people, this
is
what the people
are.
like my brother, he plays a game called football manager where you're basically a coach is micromanaging a soccer team and literally a second job.
But he loves it. He will be there from like five. So like good night that won't eat. Only south is Russia.
I know.
But I mean those games that I can play right? It's like a drug. Okay.
I'll be, I'll wake up like at eight. I won't go to sleep till like one
and
the home.
Of them.
We'll see
another competitive Tetris, right?
I understand.
No, no, definitely. Yeah, I like the german that comes from competing so, but I can see how they can get tactic tiring. I probably had five eventually.
Um I'm gonna have to
stop
because I start school on monday. That's from the
program and that's kinda
like my home.
I don't know.
I
I
want to be a lot. Thanks so much. Especially now that classes are going to be online. Yeah
I'm gonna have to read so much. What? I don't know. I already have to read a lot for my work.
You make us do trainings all time.
What?
Yeah. Right okay. We'll see how that goes.
Yeah. No. Uh Yeah with you it's sort of scary but we'll see it.
1 2nd. Sorry I have to open the door for my dog. Oh. Oh he
follows me along everywhere. Mhm
mm. My dog followed me around. Ever.
yeah it's
more black dog.
He just showed up when I showed up but my house has a fence on the front and they someone just dropped off to dogs and cats. And then we had a dog, that's how we got,
we had another dog, we only had him for a couple months ago because he had a battery is dying,
but we didn't know.
Okay, because of that.
damn
nice. Is she an active? Okay.
And
We
Yeah, because you have a cat too, but it's just super lazy, he doesn't really do anything,
correct.
I don't know, maybe actually it was the same thing with my cat, my cat just showed up and then my mom decided to keep, I feel like this has been a story, a consistent story. We've never gone out to search for animals or like adopt any
china.
Oh yeah, definitely, but because uh our cat when he came, he had like a big
ball right here on his head,
so I'm going to be taking care of them. And then we had to go taking, we're really close to Mexico, so we just took them to Mexico because there was a lot cheaper food in Mexico to the bed, summer day
and
do
it here.
But
I go there for my dental stuff because it's when you go there, you eat, hang out for a bit and you go to a dentist and then you come home.
Yeah, basically. Yeah. Patriot I know about now, but
my
Sleeping on a vacation and surgery. Well,
must be nice. Yeah,
I can only afford to go to,
Thing
yeah. You guys, it does too. Okay. I hope, and I never have to get to that point.
Like we definitely can't afford this. Something like that. Someone has to put the system in place 1st.
but I think, I think your vote counts more than my best because
and
All
All
What
is that?
Uh Yeah. Once you said, once you said bush
record
and
I was like, oh yeah, she was
in florida
like oh well.
I can understand
you.
Turning
Yeah. For me,
we don't even have to have witnesses in California,
you
know?
And
with
me
Uh that we would find mindset breezy. My saying she's a house.
My signature is a house because they told me that mexican tree could be anything. So I just tried at our house,
you'll be able to find my super easy.
Yeah.
Yeah. Excuse me. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm.
Oh yeah, he is. He's not really much of an actor talk.
No, I'm sort of glad though because my neighbor's dog park all the time.
Dar.
That's
so that's that's pretty much all the time, isn't it?
Yeah. It's 100, You know you wanna one over here
but we spend
oh no, we don't have a Russian base here. It
would be uh I'm not
talking.
No, we're just basically like a fancy desert. Yeah.
Use her like straight, you don't desert were like uh
you look like close to like the bigger cities. All right,
that's pretty that's pretty
big.
Okay. How do you like her to living having have lived in different places already?
mm.
Mhm. What don't you like about Arizona? Is it the heat?
What you mean by that?
Whoa,
whoa.
Program.
Damn.
now
No.
Absolutely.
there I don't know.
it's a
completely
honest
then.
No. Well Uh huh.
I think I'm gonna stay in California
so
no, I can't get them the
crazy until here if I'm gonna get priced out. Okay
I'm gonna I'm gonna rephrase my, I just said if
I don't
get back so
yeah I don't get dressed, I'll stay in California my whole life. Well I get priced out who knows
nearly.
We're
very unpredictable
loaded but I was I was hoping that maybe it would cost housing prices drop maybe
maybe I would have some sort of hope but now
maybe
maybe next to you right now
um
Yes I mean that's why that's why I want to see a therapist
I'm
I mean
Oh yeah I mean a lot of them a sort of products of their environment but I mean some of them are some of them have made
just bad decisions and keep making residents but
Two
No.
huh That's funny
there's a lot of people that got a privilege,
usually they're the ones that pay the most
so.
Yeah.
can
I'm
time.
Yeah concern is an interesting thing.
But