hang up. Mhm. How are you?
Pretty good, thank you. Um Cool, so yes, first time or?
so you're
they
yeah, it's probably just like my second actually uh sort of successful try um A couple of times where it's like two people didn't show.
Uh Sometimes it's actually decent, it's just like on it for like five minutes and you're like you know what, that's whatever, it didn't work out, but it's not that.
exactly. Yeah, it was
like
being by myself. Yeah. Cool. Um
Valerie
well gave nice to meet you,
so I'm in boston mass. Uh And
what about
you?
Are you
like
I was gonna say are you in California? Nice, cool. Yeah, we're
not too bad,
was it? Yeah, I know it wasn't wasn't too bad today, was like in the seventies um kind of like sunny, so kind of one of those like sort of warmish, brisk sort of fall days, not too bad,
you know?
I know it's it's really nice especially if you go Around not not so much in the city but like
if you travel,
10 minutes outside there's
a lot of like green
and stuff and
trees, a lot of like foliage and that type of stuff, which is always nice to see.
So are you
Is she from like
around
here or?
scott.
it makes
sense. There's a connection then. Yeah, for sure. Cool. So you northern Cali or southern California because I know
like northern California,
this kind of shit weather like
Zahn
Well it's just because like I've been I love southern California but like northern California and I feel like it's always like kind of chilly and rainy and not great I
think.
That's weird. Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I feel like every time I've been to I've been to san Francisco a few times for like work and stuff. I feel like every time I do visit it's just like raining it's not it's not very pleasant
to be at
but I might just be bad luck on my part.
I don't know.
Honestly I can't remember probably about I want to say like maybe March and then surly some irish kind of that's typically when I've been there. Um But yeah I might have just been bad luck I mean I don't know
Yeah I don't know I guess I'll have to explore that the area a little bit more. I
don't
travel.
Yeah. Right. You know who to head up? Yeah I mean it's I don't really
travel, what's that much if I do I typically go sort of Washington state. That's where
I
got most of the times and that's even worse in terms of rain and stuff so.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah sure sure and it's it's really nice up there so I like I really like the sort of the area um through the Seattle area and stuff, but yeah, I don't know if I could deal with with the weather and stuff.
Yeah that that's a good point. How are you guys doing with sort of the whole fire
and smoke and terrible air weather type of thing? Yeah
and
Crazy
Okay that's not.
she's
And
And wild.
That's
so
weird.
No. Yeah I can never do that. No, I never did that. Not even like little like little crappy window units or
anything like that.
Weird. Yeah. I know. That's crazy. But so at least I guess the somewhat of a positive side is that you guys don't actually have the fire just mostly just like air quality against issues them.
While
Oh yeah, Brexit. Yeah
man, I must suck.
Yes, it was. How do they determine what areas to shut down? Is it just like the most at risk places or something like that?
And then
maybe.
Yeah. It is crazy about how things become like normal. See even though they're really not normal, like everyone is now used like, yeah, just wear a mask and wash my hands like a million times a day and have like little like pure oral through squirt bottles on me every time. Yeah, but you think that's eight months. That was not the case. It
was like,
yeah. Yeah when like because I guess it was really like asian countries that had been using mass for
a while now
you eat them like in the airport like that's kind of weird. What are you doing that? And then actually
they were
Yeah. Seriously? Just yeah true. Just hanging out and just like going outside with no mask on or it's wild. But yeah, it's just really bad with air quality to like I went to Beijing a couple of times for work and it was just like you wake up in the morning and it's like this kind of like san Francisco fog except it's not like humidity. It's legit just like straight up smoke from I guess factories or cars or whatever. It's terrible out there.
Seriously?
Yeah. I guess
we're
kind
of
um I work in like research and marketing, that type of stuff.
the whole
pan
Yeah, I'm doing some some of my own like competitive intelligence, not explain. Um I enjoy talking to people, so I figured out to see what's up. But uh but yeah, but before the whole pandemic, we actually managed, you know, we used to get out and travel quite a bit, but now everything is like completely frozen. I'm kind of getting the edge of like, oh man, I need to be in an airport, I needed to be on a plane. I need to do something. Just
what,
it's just so bad. It's like feel constrained to do anything. Plus like mass is such a like a strict state where even just like, I think we only have, I want to say like 10 other us states that are white listed so that if you visit when you come back you don't have to quarantine because otherwise wherever
you go, if you're coming in from another state, it's like you need to spend like 14 days at home. You know, make sure that you do, you get checked up on, it's just kind of
wild
I guess I'm appreciative of it because it helps no limit spread, but also like damn, that's pretty intense.
No.
there.
But that's the thing in new Zealand like so far removed because I think they were saying they haven't had like a positive case in like months now and they've
been so
like,
yeah uh did you hear about that guy who is um I think this is like a japanese tourist or something. He's been in Peru for like seven months
now.
Wild. Imagine being just stuck somewhere for like so long.
there
Yeah, seriously? I mean, yeah, it's like, I just, I'm just curious to know how he did it or how those, because I've heard a few people that just got like just locked outside of their own country. I'm like how does that even work? Like you even just like the hotel room, like are you just paying for seven months worth of hotel rooms are getting anything subsidized? Just taking care of your cat at home? Just random shit like that. It's like crazy.
Perhaps
they,
Yeah, it's wild.
getting the hell out.
Did you have to like jump through hoops? Actually got back in it? Was it early enough that it wasn't as bad?
But
and
this is what Yeah,
I was just going to pull
Yeah, but hey, at least you guys are in florida I guess.
yeah. You're not the worst ones off
close, but
not Exactly, yep. No, that's well, so what do you do for a living?
No.
Sweet.
A bit of an 18 working there as well. Okay, that's cool. That's awesome.
I like always when we hired you people, we got like these fresh grads coming out of college and shit and they are, they're always like, oh, you know, I've, market research is a passion of mine. I've always wanted to do this and I'm always like, no, you, you did. Uh there's no point in bullshitting, like we all know no one wants to do market research, especially like They tend to be all like sort of 82 year old sort of white men, sort of just
wearing,
wool suits and ties and I know no one wants to do that stuff. It's just like there's got to be something else. All right. I feel like everyone sort of stumbles upon it and then if they have passion for people mostly, then
they sort of stick around.
Absolutely. And I think, yeah, one of the biggest things we, we sort of really sort of the harp on is like you need to be empathetic to be good at this job. And so, but that does allow you to, to your point, just get everyone's perspective and you come in not as a black slave because everyone has their own whatever thoughts and opinions, But then you come in, you actually just need to be flexible enough that you listen to people, you kind of pivot. And I think that's, that's a great experience and sort of world to live in where you're constantly learning, constantly hearing from multiple different perspectives. It's just like it's just interesting. It just makes you grow as a person, I think apart from being a professional or not, it just makes you just more interesting to like you have great sort of cocktail party stories about a
whole bunch of stuff and it's like it's just a great, I think it's it's very interesting and very stimulating to be in, so I totally get it. But yeah, but anybody, everybody tells me I've always wanted to do market research,
I'm just
like,
no, not true,
You're
either a math nerd or it's just not true.
well you used to take field trips
and
Yeah, you know, yeah, it's it's been it's been quite a change for us as well, it's like we're sort of an agency so we don't have, we do work a lot with uh health insurance company over on the East coast in florida, so we do a lot of work with them. But it is all it's been quite quite the shift for us as well because it's been all virtual and trying to figure out how to best do that. Um And it's been it's been challenging, but it's been also kind of fun just to kind of try and innovate in your own space as opposed to just innovate for your clients, you're actually innovating for yourself, which is always kind of fun to have a little bit of. Yeah, just what the hell are we gonna do people we need to speak to people, how do we do that? So it's always fun to do. Uh huh.
Not gonna lie. I kind of hate the whole remote work thing that my office is 10 minutes on the road for me. So it's like I try to get in there as much as I can and there's stipulate a couple of other of my partners that are in there as well and it's like I just I just crave that sort of human interaction. Like if I have to stay home with, you know, the only people want speaking to my wife or my dog, it's like well I just need to be in there. I need to speak to people, I need to bullshit, people need to, you know, talk some crap with people just like have that human interaction that is just like I just I don't get the same way around, I don't get the same sort of benefit from you know slack or resume or teams
or whatever it is you I just need to be in there. Yeah.
There.
Well
you
see me 24 hours a day so you probably know it's even my life, but no, that's true. Yeah, I was just like, yeah, just even even having that distraction right? Because it's I find working from home is like it's either an opposite of the other, it's like you're either massively distracted or you're so focused that you just don't pick your head up ever and it's like there's
no there's
no
good. Yeah, there's no like balance, whereas if you're somewhere else it's like, oh it's time for me to work, But now it's I can just pick my head up and you know, shoot the shit someone for 10 minutes and then I put my head back down. So it's yeah, I just, yeah, I just don't like it. I'm going to deal with it for much longer.
I
it's also
just difficult to to find something to speak about, right? Because it's like you're completely detached. Everyone's in their own world. It's like It's either two standard, Hey, How's it going today? But it's really hard to find something that, you know, you both can talk about, that you both know what you guys are talking about. Whereas
if you're in in the office, something always comes up. It
could
be,
true. Very true.
Mm
And all.
but
it does tell, yeah,
sort of companies doing that. Like I think Microsoft just set
up like
a virtual commute. Yeah, I just thought that so, yeah. Yeah. I guess we all need to find a good way to just keep that human connection right. And all of this. It's like trying to figure out how do we not completely isolated from each other and from
our friends or? Yeah. Absolutely. Um Sweet.
did. Absolutely. Um
It was a pleasure to talk to you. So
very
And uh and best of luck with with the healthcare gig
after he's sleeping in the other room,
so he's probably going to get
drunk.
All