mhm. The same. That's right. Okay. Mhm. Part mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Hey,
I'm doing pretty good. How are you?
this is actually my third think. Yeah.
Well I know the drill at this point. How about
you?
The heartbreak Just like, well love me.
we're like you were in the mood to talk anyway and you were low key opening their kids. Well yeah,
what
happens?
My name is valued by the way. I always
forget to get myself. Yeah,
mystery you to um where do you live?
You're
definitely
getting different weather than I am right now. Um
I
live in California.
It is 95°
today.
It's like always been my dream to experience proper fall because I grew up in California and it's just, it hasn't happened yet. But I hear
boston has a pretty magnificent fall. Yeah,
People
stop five
now
there.
So
Yeah. It's
so funny that you say foliage because literally I was talking to one of my colleagues earlier and she was getting super excited about massachusetts, foliage. She was like, you have to be a value it. I was like, what? Okay.
From
like
that's a great question. I'm not sure. But I do know her, her brother is getting married out there next
year. So they were visiting, I think he lives there and so they were visiting just now. They flew out there and yeah, she was talking about literally the foliage. I was like what are you talking
about?
well
what?
Hey,
I'm going to take you back.
No,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let me clear up some misconceptions about northern California. Um yes, so I live in northern California. I am, I live in Oakland. I don't know if you've heard of it. Okay. I'm realizing now that people outside of the bay are actually starting to realize what Oakland is and not just san Francisco, so I'm like yeah. Um but we actually ice, in my personal opinion, we have better weather than so cal like we, We tend to have like sunny, Crisp days most of the year, it's like a cool 70-75. Um other than september through october where it just turns into like, I don't know, a boiling pot and I'm just like, it's 95 degrees in october like come on.
Yeah, it
happens
over here though.
But
here
it
is, you the cities is not like you when, what time of the year have you visited?
I will say san Francisco has somewhat different weather than the rest of the bay. Like March makes sense. But early summer, so san Francisco's like coolest during the summer compared to like the inland cities. Um and you're always getting fog in san Francisco. So even if it is a funny day, it kind of never feels like it. Um but inland you just get totally different weather. Yeah,
I
have
another recommendations.
I
hi
mama,
for sure. But there's something about rain in Washington state. We're just kind of feels right. Yeah.
Yeah. Like you know, I'm not super into this but it matches the aesthetic.
I've actually been meaning I was going to go to Seattle and then you know a pandemic it. But but I've I've been to Portland a couple of times and I did definitely enjoy this scenery and just like the weather there because I actually do not like hot weather, which is why I don't like so cow weather, I'm definitely more of a fall winter. Please don't give me a sunburn. So for water in Portland is great for that. But yeah, my um my colleague she lives up there and um yeah, but they have the same problems with fires that we do down here. Um So when I was moving I was like maybe, maybe not.
What?
it's just it's funny because like I said, I grew up here and when I was growing up
like fires were kind of kind of a rare thing, like they happened for sure, but it was always like very far removed from me and then like in the last couple of years um I just noticed like every single year during the same time it would just get bad and then starting like two years back, it was like we were wearing masks before, it was cool in the Vincent just
to deal with this smoke, right? And I guess like now it's just a regular thing that like for a solid two weeks of the year you just can't go outside.
Right. And it's just so weird like kind of except this new reality of what it's like to live here especially this year because obviously one of the only options like in socialization and in general is to go outside right now and we were just trapped for like a good month. Um
Where would it was like coming in and out and you were just like sorry you gotta cancel our outdoor picnic. Like parks
were closed for like a solid three weeks like all outdoor spaces.
Yeah. And so it was like 100 degrees. You're trapped in your house with no A. C. Because nobody has a C. Here. Yeah.
The
thing
that's so proud does better than us is like they're equipped with that A. C. And we're just like And it only gets like 100° like for two months let's just leave people to suffer.
No
nothing. We have heaters. I'm like why do I need a heater?
Oh for sure we're really lucky. It's mostly like either north like more north than I live or south that actually gets the fire. We just get the smoke from it. Um But
we have been having a P. J. D. Power shutoffs. Just
yeah so they're doing them again actually this week and actually my area was almost affected and I was like please don't wipe out.
Yeah it's um it's not fun. I must say we have a special relationship with PG.
That's actually a really good question. I think it's honestly yes, the most at risk. But some of it is just random. It's like we think there might be a potential for fire her. We might as well just shut down power there. Um I haven't in the bay, I don't think there have been any big fires to actually happen except for like up north a bit more.
But
yeah. Yeah, exactly. Or santa rosa conquered area. But it's just our lives now. It's so it's so wild
Like
we didn't even wear masks during like flu season. It was always weird to see someone in a mask right?
Totally
normal
now.
We're like jokes on this. Yeah, because they've been doing it for so long due to air quality. Um And now it's just I almost forget what it's like like in the before, which you know, it's getting bad when you start forgetting what it was like when it was different.
Oh man, that's awful. Yeah, I haven't made my way there quite yet but I did hear a lot about it. Um it's just it's in some ways it's just so sad that you can't even step outside and like breathe um
It's just yeah,
what
do
you do
for work?
Of course, sitting
like
you would do. Yeah. Right.
Oh no, I completely
understand that.
What?
No,
what?
Yeah, as the person who lives in California, yeah who is white or not white blacklisted from like all the States, we have a great time over here. Um But no, I totally get that itch to I am I was actually traveling when the lockdown here started, I was
in new Zealand and I came back and I was just like what is happening when I left? Because I was gone for a month. So when I left it was just like this like, oh, it's like no big deal. Like, oh, it's just some virus that this other places dealing with, like we'll be fine.
And then I come back and like all my friends, family and um colleagues are texting me like freaking out about whether I'm getting back into the country and I'm like, it's been a chilling new Zealand, y'all
so
long. I was like,
yeah, I should have stayed.
I don't
care about that. Yeah,
correction. Like how you would have to just like reconfigure your life like at the
drop of a hat, like what do you do?
I literally was thinking about the cat at home too
because
I am a cat and I was like, what would have, like, what would you do?
I know that's yeah, I actually um a colleague of mine, like a far removed colleague of mine, he works for the same organization. Um, he was in new Zealand after me and he had to cut his trip early and like hurry on back home because I was taking one of the last fights back, it was like super crowded because people are just like, yeah,
like I need to get home if I want to stay in the country. But yeah, I can't even imagine.
It's so funny because there were all these, um, when I was flying back, there were all these like horror stories of like people waiting in super long lines to get into the country and like just complete chaos. Um, I was going in through Canada and literally was not stopped anywhere.
Wasn't asked anything, no temperature checks. I just like strolled into the country and I was like, this is why America is
failing
this
here.
Progress. We've made it to that stage. I feel like that's always something you can say to encourage yourself. Like at least you don't live in florida,
not
anymore.
Um, so I work for a health care company. I actually also do research. Yes.
It's just, yeah, I guess research people are just drawn to doing research. I don't know why that is. Um, but yeah, I do my research, future generation preferences, trends. Um, and then I help our company design solutions that meet those needs.
Um, so I do research, but I'm also mostly living in the design strategy side of things these days. Um,
Yeah, No, it's fun. Um, not what I would have like thought I'd be doing with my life, but you know, we were, yeah,
Like
their clipboards, assumption. Yeah.
That's
it. I'm like when you think about research, like when you're thinking of it in a traditional sense boring like who would want to do that, It's why it doesn't come to top of mind. But then you actually delve into the research world and you're like holy shit this can be fun, this can be interesting. And it's experiences like these right? You talk to people, you learn about their experiences, you learn about you know the things that impact them. And I don't know I think you just get a more well rounded worldview in a way that most people don't experience.
for
Don't
trust
them. Don't dress.
It's
still
it's true. It's so interesting because when well when I started with this job, first of all, I didn't think I'd be working for a health care company. Um Like I went to school in like a very business e setting, it was very finance consulting, investment banking. So obviously I thought I'd go into that and then I start working for this health care company and I didn't really know much about design especially and like I feel like my world was open, I was like I never even knew this was a career. Like we always hear about these very traditional types of career. Like oh you wear your suit in to go to work with your briefcase. I'm like oh man, I can actually have experiences where I like, you know follow someone in their day like as they go grocery shopping to really understand what that experience looks like and how that impacts their health. I'm like, you know I take field trips into these different places to see.
I
used to date filters now. I take ritual field trips. Um But yeah, I do miss the travel part of it and like the experiential part of it these days now. I just talked to people through computer screens which is fine. But
I think you almost even you you're forced to get creative right in a lot of ways we kind of just had a certain way of doing things like, oh you do the interview and you have like this and this and this kind of allows you to think of new ways of how can we engage people, How can we kind of pull them out of their comfort zone so that we're getting the truth that we're getting, you know, to the core of their needs or whatever it might be. Um So I've enjoyed that part. And also like working, learning how to work with other people. Like I already worked remote like half the week but going full remote, like you have to learn how to stay connected with people because you can easily just kind of fall into your little hole and not talk to anyone for like two weeks straight.
100%.
I also just think at some point this is kind of superficial, but I'm like I'm running out of things to talk about with my mom, like I need some work trouble like come on being told like
my mom asks me what's new in your life and I'm just like a
more
breakfast.
there
good
thing.
I like the flexibility of the choice to work remote because they're a day when you wake up and you're like there is nothing that will get me out of this bed today. And on those days I really appreciate it. But you know when you do want that connection or you you just start,
I think when you start working remote long enough you you start to realize how many little socialization moments you had in your day to day like work day. It's just like, oh when I went up to get a glass of water, I stopped at like five people's desks along the way and now you don't talk to those people anymore unless you make a concentrated effort and who's going to do that? Well,
it's
What
Because there
was
something to complain about whether your boss always. Yeah.
No, I definitely feel and someone called it like the water cooler conversations. Um
I know. So I used to commute in on bart. So our version of the subway. Yeah, it was like a 30 minute ride. But I actually lived near a colleague and so we would take that ride together and we actually started replicating that commute time online. So we set up a little
dream you type because we realized like that was the time that you know we caught up with each other where we talked politics, the entire part right home and it's just like it wasn't the same virtually. Like I'll admit that. But you
just
yeah, it helps
team
is
forever.
All right. I think we got our 25 minutes of conversation is
Oh
with
pleasure departs. You too.
You too. And I am one day. Would love to see your dog. But uh say hi to your dog for me.
So
cute.
I
love dogs. Alrighty bye.