Oh,
both right on time. How
are you?
I'm good.
It's got more running
some, I'm happy.
Oh, it's really? That's nice that you have that.
Right. I want
one when it's cold this winter it's gonna be hard to.
Okay. Nice. Cool.
Were relocated.
I don't see your words one you can get
never
heard.
Yeah. Is it hard
there?
Yeah. What's the weather like right now
sexy? Yeah, it's like for
me it's not like super cold. I'm in boston.
Nice.
Come with me today. Yeah.
You guys
have a hot summer?
Well,
Well,
so you're in the
ball. So I'm thinking about once this whole pandemic is a little more resolved. I'm thinking about moving to New Orleans. Uh huh.
Which I guess isn't that far from there.
With what?
Well I know that last one seemed like it knocked power out, but fortunately not so much. I know her guys didn't get anything.
what that world. But I'm kind of excited to like maybe move somewhere warm, which I've never
done. No we're different. I've actually lived in Colorado the last 10 years and just came back to Boston where
I grew
up. So and I would imagine so I've been in a cold, very cold for 10 years
so it's, I don't know, it seems like a nice change.
you know what part of the data,
I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Yeah. Did you like it?
Well I
that's
it,
yeah good, you're in the same place now?
Yeah and you're working from home,
well
jeans
are great, wow.
if
um well complicated, so I worked in hospitality when I was in Colorado and managing at a spa at a ski resort um and
I got more load for a long time obviously with everything and unemployment waiting and then they finally laid me off in august that's when I decided to up and leave and go back where I'm from. And so I've been doing like part time work online. Uh And then also so and then also supplementing it would like surveys and one of the different things I've found to do but I just started a part time job online which is nice. So yeah between everything right now it's kind of crazy time but I'm trying to do more and more work online so I can work from home.
we're
keeping job to. Yeah. Yeah so that's what at least you have a real
job.
Oh
so we were dying for everything isn't it?
It's
I have a three year old. Yeah.
my nephew who lives in the boston area to which is part of why I came back is almost three and same thing like yeah they taught him to like not go near people and
until
I
get
like
boring people but I hope they can all unlearn that.
they don't get what's going on and be for the better but yeah they're lucky to not know. But yeah hopefully I think kids are resilient though. I think once life's normal. Yeah I'll go right back to playing with.
mm
My name's Gabby, what's your name?
Angel. Very nice. I'm pretty new. Uh huh. Yeah. So what have you been doing to stay busy, insane.
All
I
Over
what sounds like you've got one thing to do, you've got your hands.
I know.
Good point. Yeah. Yeah she's gonna stay busy past the time. Yeah So 18 year old
I'm cool. So. Yeah.
Oh yeah. A little scary but
He was like
one is pretty interesting and yeah.
Yeah it'll be good for him then
Magritte like air force you can come out with you know, very useful skills to potentially creation and other things engineering.
Good friend
from the market. I know. So
Yeah. Fair amount. Yeah. Exactly. Mhm.
I
relieved.
Okay. I never know when people in different states
like I
grew up.
yeah, I get into a debate about it. But yeah, it was very stressful week I thought. And
then.
Thank
you
right now. I think yeah, I think with biden will get covid more under control and
I
think
and I think all these vaccines coming out are going to be significant to but you know, we're not quite there yet. So. And who
I never
last month to get vaccinated but I'm just glad there's hope on the horizon, you know, and that there were these are really effective vaccines so far.
I don't think any of that.
So
they're gonna they're testing it sufficiently and they're going to make sure like you're submitting it, you know, for approval, gonna go through the process as it has to I think it'll be good. And there's another one not an RNA vaccine that's just Madonna I think just said is not, oh
to be stored in such cold temperatures, it's easier to distribute. So that one's even maybe better. But Because the other one you have to store in like nine is 90°,, which is hard to
to or and and they know how to do it but it's harder to store and distribute so there's so we can all get back to life. But yeah, I'm ready for like a period of like more normalcy with buddy
easiness and then non stop. Yeah. Nonstop crazy tweets and all that stuff. I think it'll just very calm. I'm weird for years
I think.
I
know
what
what?
No,
it's very
good. I know in colorado I feel like all the years I lived there it was just the weather changed so much over the 10 years and like first year I lived there we get a fair amount of like sub zero weather like Not all the time but it would hit like negative 20-30 occasionally. And then slowly the winners were just getting so much warmer and starting later and yeah.
And
it's going to be
return right?
I know combined and will put us back in the paris climate. I mean he said he would right away and start working for their countries because we can't do it alone obviously
and global effort and yeah, I think he's gonna undo some well reduce some of the regulations trump funded from Obama like trying to get cars more fuel efficient. Wanted me, which I think we lost valuable time under trump,
you
know, four years we go backwards and we when we really didn't need to go backwards. So
you know, I think that's going to be one of the most important things under biden besides getting rid of covid, which will eventually go away with vaccines. But yeah, I think that's like a priority he should have as well. Wow.
I'm right.
What?
Uh I'm willing to pay a little more taxes if we cannot have healthcare and like
education and I'll take care of each other a little bit, you know?
Yeah, Well you will benefit me too because
long
more affordable together and
then
some people go without it. Um I'm so lucky right now because when I moved to massachusetts, they have a really good health care program. So because I was laid off and then moved to a different state, moved to a new state. They have free health care right now. Yeah,
because I'm only working part time and online.
So you're able to get insurance as well. I mean that's so important, but like not everyone has been able to, so
a lot of people have lost their insurance through their jobs like I did. So that would not reminded me like how important.
but sometimes
for when you are in a bad situation, so. Mhm.
I hope I do some work on that too. But I think it's gonna be hard because Congress will be really divided. So it might be hard to get anything done for a while on that front.
No,
no,
I mean
like 15 and you'll be really weird actually.
we'll be interesting. That's for sure. Yeah. So it will be be a different four years ahead of us some point
or
Yes, there are especially one particular 1. Uh huh. We'll be the moment majority leader. Right. Yeah. Right until Georgia settled. That'll be that'll be interesting. Drew will be watching Georgia for Uh huh. I thought it was interesting that Georgia flipped after
in such a Republican stronghold for so many years. Yeah. I think it's just changing times
as
Boy.
What?
Well, I don't think the Republican Party is what it used to be under. You
know
I
have
no of the past. It's just yeah this is I
don't know what it's not as
trump
is
what
about
you?
I
know
and they support all the horrible things he says and these horrible behavior and they just let it go. You know it's just a student should be about decency not political parties at some point and they.
I don't know.
That's so crazy. I know. I think he kind of gave up because he realized he was in over his head with this whole I actually
had to leave and that seemed hard and I think we'll be on disability level which he was tweeting
No let's
go
home.
I think once you guys would he'll just be coughing and fighting legal battles but golfing.
Yeah. I think I didn't know that much about him until this whole election cycle and I just thought it was that kind of like C list celebrity kind of wannabe billionaire.
You
know it's like I was re watching Sex in the City and there's a cameo with him and he's just like you know shows up as a new york billionaire and I'm just so weird now to look at him and be like wow how
from their president?
10 years?
it's just
kind
of funny.
Have you watched that?
not
lot of so I re watched all of it and
it's still
well it's HBO so it's
always. Yeah.
it
should. Yeah I have that
So
it
you did
No it was fun to watch. It's like fun to take your mind off things and just watching like a fun
group
You know I like the ball. Yeah. Yeah it was really nice. I've been watching some nostalgic shows, definitely doing it a little escape from and it's been
you?
Yeah. Have you watched anything good lately or?
Digital.
More
the problem now.
Me too. I forget.
I'm
very good music that I am with actors. I'm so bad at that.
Oh my baby. Um have you seen that show which is kind of also a crime show, Lucifer? Yeah,
I like that. Yeah, I like that. It's like kind of crying, but it's also out there and like different. It has,
You know, I've been angry that
from school. Yeah. No thanks to watch.
I don't see
well,
I watched Sabrina and growing up, you know, as a kid, like the one with melissa joan Hart on TVs.
little darker that, but that's that's kind of
I know it's funny the things I'm watching, I've been watching like the great british bake off weekly since that's back. So
I
was enjoying it. I don't know why I stopped watching. I should probably
go
every time, especially with winter gonna come along right now. A lot of shows to binge watch.
I know I have like every streaming service right now and um, yeah. Yeah, I have sex. So it's giving me soon once I got and I'm really happy about that. That's been really fun too. Go back and watch all the classic Disney movies from my childhood. Yeah. And
it's gonna
of Yeah. Yeah.
They don't
one.
So how's
that way
actually
mom,
your older? So like to see like all the marvel movies and Star Wars and all that kind of, what's all of Disney pause and it's
Oh, things like for
maybe.
well. Well I got lucky with Disney Plus because me and my friends signed up before it even started and we just put it and it was for if you paid three years in advance, there's only $4 a month.
So we each paid 70 and we have it for three years.
I know. So we got like, because I think it's like 13. I actually don't know how much it is a month now.
Yeah, I think so.
Two.
I am.
You know,
It's
up running the first chief and then I was sitting there like how
much I
I
promise
you
get the shipping and uh,
I use my friends, I have a lot of deals going where like I give someone one of my password for one
and the there so I only paid like
Yeah. You know at the hard time that's why I don't want to move yet because I'm living with my family now which happened in 10 years and it's nice to be back in the same state as them for a bit but I don't want to move to a new city and just be sitting alone in an apartment. You know what I mean? During Iraq and it's a it's a hard time to meet.
Yeah. I have a few friends fortunately like that still live in boston from when I lived here and we've been able
to like you know we hang out in their yard socially distant stuff like that. But it's still, yeah it's going to be hard in the winter. It's going to be impossible to
when it when it's snowing in
20
yeah. Honor. But for that reason in our yard just so we can have someone over in the winter and
you know.
Oh yeah exactly. So nice to connect with people that we even strangers.
Well I've
had two college students so like it was kind of interesting to get their perspective about it.
Well
right now for them, one of them was just starting her freshman year too. So
like she's doing it for like having to it virtually and like I mean I feel a little bad because that's obviously not how I had a real common experience and everything so
yeah but yeah I've done three I think and then in the last round and then then this round one didn't show and then you thank
you.
I
was out for like a four mile run and like two miles. And I got the email I was like oh my God I gotta get back. So glad I saw that. He was like God I'm usually really good about that. But
I will distracted so. Uh huh. Yeah. Well I hope you can find ways to meet people are interact with people through the pandemic because
so
what was my family will be busy.
Well no
north.
I've
thought about California to which is so called because I visited the amount from colorado and it's just pricey. You know I mean I love san Diego area like a lot
of that.
I
think I try something really different like new Orleans because in the mouth I lived in the mountains like really in a rural area, in a ski resort country and there's not a whole once. I want like a really exciting fun city. And
I love
were there a lot? And I love the music and the people. Oh
also about the hurricanes Or I'll just go to boston.
I do like like they even talk about evacuating. I'll be like driving to boston
well more like places to go so I'm not too in a car
to get out so that advices came and I'm up locals and learn how to flooding it. So yeah.
Don.
You too. And yeah stay safe.