I'm here. Nobody is here with me that yet. I like this camera on my laptop. I hate the zoom went on my tablet and a horrible and okay, look at all the junk behind me. Yeah, yup. There's somebody coming up. Yeah.
I got my friend. I'm like, I was playing my financial while I'm late and I'm like, oh,
hey,
how are you?
I'm angel
problem.
That's okay. I'm in my office slash storage room. So I got like, like treadmills and
they could get to step out of the way to use it. That would be even nicer.
And
that's a nice one too. Yeah.
Every,
I'm in florida up in the panhandle.
Unfortunately
it gets
really gloomy for me this time of year because I want the cold, you know, and it's like,
but a
little little crisp today. So it's nice.
I'm like sixties
now.
Oh, wonderful. That's why moms from, from boston. Well for, from Weymouth, she's from Weymouth, massachusetts. Yes.
He loves it. You guys got a nice cold weather though you know? It doesn't go right through you here. It's like bone chilling when we do get it you know?
it gets right through you
early.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it was not
bad to about september you know it seems
like hotter
everywhere.
wonderful. Oh
yeah but they got crushed this year,
hurricanes.
we had one yeah we had sally sally came with you here and did quite a bit of damage this last time so I was scared I was gonna come right through my bedroom window. They're asleep moment ago boy. And I'm like oh my God it's kind of like,
well
How
wonderful.
Long time
yeah. My my husband lived in a colorado for about a year, about a year and then before you moved down here with me. Yeah.
Denver.
Yeah.
Yeah. He liked it yeah and I was just about to go visit him and he just decided to spring up and go ahead and move. I'm like oh
you get a visit.
I
was so excited.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I've been the same place for like eight years now.
I do yeah I do work in time, I do bookkeeping and then I've been filling in with a little bit of you know survey stuff and everything trying to trying to get the bigger you know the bigger bigger ones at least anyway.
The ones
that
ones that don't waste waste too much time. Do you work
from home?
No.
there's so much to do now I mean if you have a time you know I just haven't been my thing but lack of time you know I wanted to go on I got my whole thing, I'm most finished on up work, you know? And I mean, I could do so much freelance bookkeeping, you know? But I just haven't had I got to
deal with.
well,
I don't have yeah, I don't have a lot of work actually on my own now, that's the thing. So um yeah,
and a lot of my tax clients even, you know, right towards the end of the season, they didn't come over because they were scared about, you know, and I'll hold on to their money and I guess they decided maybe to start winging their own taxes or something.
Yes, it is, it's
been horrible, especially when using a three year old, you know, it's like he just doesn't understand, you know,
I mean Yeah, he's ready to, you know, go out and branch and meet friends. It's like we get to the park and we're like don't touch you but you know.
It's
horrible. I know he's
almost
four. I have four
next month.
I know. And then I mean just trying to teach them the reasoning for you know that there's a bit, we do talk to him a lot about it. I don't know how much you really understand. But No.
Yeah. That's a week totally. Yeah.
Yeah. I totally agree. What was I didn't catch your name
by the angel.
Well yeah taking care of my
family where I live. I take care of my mom, my My husband and my 14 or my 16 year old son and my four year old, almost four year old and me um living
in my childhood home. And I'm also taking care of my brother right now who just had hip surgery. He doesn't live with us, thank God. But uh, surgery not to have
another hip surgery we've been, I've been staying busy.
Yeah, not what I want to be doing, but, you know,
it'll all work out at all at all. This too shall pass, you know?
He sounds club
16 year old boy. And his dad lives in Tampa, which is where we moved From, like three years ago. I moved back here to Pensacola. Where is my hometown? Um but I've been away from here since I was 18, 47, now, so, but we've been back since 2017, but he's still pretty much hating me for because, you know, he left all his friends. So it's not a good time with his dad still though. Um It's really hard for me, you know, having in my whole life and then all of a sudden he's just gone for months at a time, But he's getting older, he still be 17 in January, so you must go on the Air Force Michael.
Yeah, but he needs it. I think he mm he
could use destructor.
Yes,
it will good structure for him. He needs that for
I agree. Yeah, he's
yeah, I think so too. And we're pulling more and more people out at least from, you know, Afghanistan,
so not everybody like trump promised, but you know, most of the, most of them.
did you feel about the election?
No comment, relieved.
Same here.
I
know,
I know I talked to a guy the other day too and he was the same way I'm like, and you're happy about the election. He's like, oh yeah, I'm like okay, we can talk about this then.
it
was it was it was definitely not. I mean trump just needs to get over this and you know he needs to let him in office so he can get his ducks
in
a rival you know.
I
think
so.
it's gonna be awhile for you know people like you and I so especially you know all
the
I hope so. Yeah. I mean apparently it's like an RNA vaccine which they never created before which is kind of kind of scary kind of concerning and I mean there's there's doctors like very popular doctors out there spouting conspiracy theories about you know there's gonna be a little microbes inside of us that actually can read our data and stuff and I'm like wait
I'm
on it.
Yes yes.
my gosh wow.
Just something yeah.
Yeah it is. Yeah
I'm ready. You ready for some more calm. But the normalcy evil we'll see what 21 will bring you know
and
hopefully
we can get the environment a little bit more under control as well and save
the earth in the process for our you
know generations
to come.
It's scary. I know I mean it's not even just you know an article now it's like Siberia and like we have two other ones that they weren't expecting to start milking And we've got like 10 years to get it under wraps instead
of 30
likely. God
yeah.
Obviously.
we
did.
No, no we didn't. We didn't. It was definitely a hardship for us that's for sure.
and I agree
everybody's talking about like so many different things and it would be so horrible under biden, nobody can be able to find a job and this, and I'm like
talking about like he's only he's over there to the poor people like that, it's not true like that, You know, we just want Americans to be one, you know, I mean, I find living in a commune always someone else and I'm like just putting on a land where everybody can contribute something equally, thing. you know, I'll grow the wheat, you grow the tomatoes, we'll make uh tomato sandwiches.
I, yep,
I think Oh yeah, exactly,
it would, yeah, I mean,
you know,
is
that?
that's great,
yeah, same here, stay here with me right now, it's the same.
no.
it is,
guess that's stressful,
Exactly,
I know, I
know.
Um the the sentence a little bit more equally distributed now, one
around,
I know, I'm like wondering how is this gonna go, you know?
yeah, well hopefully, hopefully not quite as many butting heads, I mean there are some very strong
republicans at the head of the Senate, so.
I know,
that tells you something, you know what I mean,
I mean, I know lots of republicans, I mean, I was always more, I mean I got myself years ago, it was more as a republican and then I just kind of started swaying towards the middle, you know, and then this year I finally changed from independent to
democrat
and I was like, okay,
no,
it's not very
very
true.
f
it
would seem
nasty now, you know, they
just
seem downright
nasty, not for the people, not
for
everybody.
when they did say something got let go, you know I mean I mean he pretty much cleared his old task force for the task force, you know I mean
you probably worked with them in months I mean
well
Like go take your golf course and your
multi
million dollar
businesses that you own and just go have fun dude really, they told me and enjoy yourself.
Yes, I knew that, I knew that power was not going to be a good place, you know, and that's just like trump with more power. Oh no, no, no,
right, like Arnold Schwarzenegger running
er
and
let's see here,
that would have been a moment we're tweeting huh, mm
get
back
just next in the city,
I have loved that show, I haven't seen it in a long time, it actually reminds
me that
is
it on one of the streaming apps right now?
Well
Yeah that's right that is HBO so I have max right now. Let me see if it's on there. I
like
I
love
her I love her. She reminded me so much of my sister I growing up.
Yeah she has a nice song curly hair. Yeah
it
is and they're also different you know the girls are also different but they're all best friends. It's kind of nice.
I've been streaming some series and when I
get a minute usually it's at night when I'm in bed just usually sit there with my headphones in and watch something on my phone while I'm dozing off.
a couple of things I mean I was watching a couple things on stars um what is his name and uh oh gosh Luther Yeah Luther it's just it's kind of more like a um crimes like a crime series, a set place to step place and that the U. K. But it's really out there. I mean some of the little the crimes are just like oh my gosh you know what none of these people but
it has a lot of nice twist story you know. Um I've enjoyed it and I'm not too long series or like this certain 4th Season it only has like four and 6 episodes in it.
It's a kind of first one had like 10 and then it just sort of like dropping down but there's 55 seasons I'm on season three right now but it's he's um what was his name? I can't remember his name right now. Um He's uh popular african american actor, I can't remember his name right now. I have my phone on me every fucking. But he's a good, he's a really good actor. Um
I'm horrible without your names,
it's really horrible. I mean I used to be so good but like things like that when I was a kid, you know, especially with music, I could name every band now, my brain is just
fried.
I don't like what's his name? He played a
yeah, great. I watched all that, that was great.
I liked it. Like I've been watching lots of things. I would normally probably not even watching my 16 year old, just tell me he's like watch this mom watching and trying to get me to watch the magicians right now. It's on netflix. I haven't watched it yet.
That's pretty good. Um
yeah, I'll try I'll try anything at once, you know like it, you know,
I even watched that A Sabrina, the teenage witch, it was a whole series thing. The newer series of course she's a
converting to you know normal and she has to convert to being a which you can change your whole lifestyle and all that. That was pretty pretty cool show boy.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I watched that, definitely not.
And okay.
The Crown is a really good show on netflix. I like that watching about how
queen Elizabeth.
I didn't
say here like I haven't watched the new season yet.
There are there are a lot of shows they've been watch.
Yeah
I'm meeting my son to still get old enough to want to sit there with us. He's very high energy and very um
so
I'm waiting I can't wait to different, I just don't want to sit down and enjoy a movie with me. You know, certainly
will catch his eye, you know, and help you like into it.
That's
it.
Nice. The danger. He likes the danger in things, you know,
even like that lay into the dinosaurs or land before time. I think it is. Um, he likes, there's this x little clip where it shows all the scary parts of it. He looks that over and over and over. Yeah.
It is. Yeah. He just got a new three month trial through his Xbox for Disney close.
We'll be watching a little bit more of that. Yeah.
It's expensive to start getting all those things. I mean we got rid of cable and I'm paying like, I think like just as much now when I had cable.
That's great.
That's awesome.
It's at least 10 and that was at least 9, 9, 9 tax
13
for Hulu without commercials. And
I don't have live or anything. I don't have anything live except for whatever. You know, I just watch online. Uh And the netflix, I ended up having a up boot before because my mom watches a lot too. And I try to get on at night and I'm
watching on the other teeth. You know, Now I'm hand 14 as of 10
or whatever.
And
probably this was cheap early because with getting, you know, some benefits of the free healthcare right now, actually you can get um Crime for like $6 a month. Yeah. So I get all that, my free shipping because I do a lot of my
subscribe and saying
I love his
son
in the babies and you know, kind of music and
that.
that's good. That is awesome. I know. I haven't, haven't even had time to meet any friends here and it's something kind of depressed that's for sure.
especially right now yeah because you want to be able to go out and find friends, you know
and
zebra, Yeah
doing
a lot of this.
Let's
have a zoom party.
It is. I know you and I haven't had a house is probably my fourth conversation. I've done like this and I've had pretty good luck every time. I mean at first I think what I talked to this person about you know and then it just
think
I had one, my first one was
again
oh wow, so she was nice and young? Huh?
Oh no that's horrible.
I had you know had this I had
to those shows before my last one last week and he finally I'm like oh thank goodness somebody's here right
now.
I am
yeah same for the same
for you
mm anywhere else you're where you're looking to move somewhere different than eventually. Where were you thinking down
here? New
Orleans their
mind?
half
of them might just burn away so you
know
any
time
yeah you definitely have a good time. Yeah
they say evacuate make sure you do okay
I'm out of here
and
good
luck to you.
You too sweetie you hear by