SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Can Oh mm hmm. What you think? Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I was gonna say let's just stick to it still. It got there and yourselves like down here. But it's just my dog this town which honestly the appreciation. It's like I'm scratching my head there, but it's just because I do not know how does it does it, it's never came up there. It's not about it. I got it anyway, just you know. Uh But I think people like I just got better. What about stuff like that? Actually was the first time. So I really wanna call the fair. But that's how you have a good life like that. But it was not like that. Yeah, looks like right. Uh huh. Oh, I actually say I've got the name from people like I said can be possible just do it right. three or 3 Central crisis. This is a beautiful place dreams many times. It's a controlled, you know, everyone always like absolutely. Uh, and also many things I just wanted to see uh, the car rather like however ballet was something I had an interesting situation transforms. Never before if I had an interesting ballot factory beautiful has a kid, I would cry child abuse and this was 12 make football. So that has to do with like that. Like a, I've always, I've got troubles. Were convicted, convince Elizabeth family. Well, I just want to know the answer to his life. One question. But I think you so figure myself. I have a wonderful family life. Can they continue through the stresses to cook When I was a teenager playing any teenage boy that had called, I would stop for a while Now I have a very unhealthy Do you think of the bell family is going wonderfully well, we'll help you have a contrary themselves together. On the contrary, I think, you know, as well that I did in Brooklyn, but I'm like, this is just yet Okay. Exactly. But it was like a touch of love strong cheese. I mean really loves grilled cheese market mystery out there. I want to go in and look at this family, but which ones? They are just don't expect that Elizabeth and louis. That's not that I wouldn't trust him. I've got to say, I think, I think, oh yeah, that's good. I want to find out what I want my funeral because that is the sound of my life, but the rest of my life, Oh my God, he is there always a genie. Uh oh, you have the universe. How writing three wishes right? You know, just look at these wishes. That's wish for. Also the aspect ratio. This is a little bit. So I'm just going to say that. but it means that I can use that for months between the screen before I have to do that. So that gives you well I would like to be rich hop that's it. Oh you know what I was doing this thing and it's not going up on a quest. Oh my God, get that morning hand which is about £10,000. Uh give me beauty which is grand master your question but I haven't changed. I mean maybe it was just too beautiful there in this training as hard. A very, very, very crucial like blessing. Oh jesus christ okay, this whole between the screens and my mouth was important but I just can't because the ratio so I will have two seconds to you guys claiming since you've given me so we have to be about that. Absolutely. So I want to buy, okay, not really feeling the peace of mind. I want to live the life. I had dreams is many a little terror because I absolutely had to travel on the walls and more street dance competition and I'm just like, you know that I am, I don't, I don't get, is that can kind of modeled after kelly highland. That's purely just that one. I can see where we live, where we live. What is the most, the formal association house, uh, that we can afford? I should have the balls, uh, contrary households. I mean, this one's kind of big one because I do that one and then just kick them out on a system over the cost of service. How about me about more than kelly? I'm gonna come over here absolutely terrible block. But it's not the outfit that I am embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. Although I was always in a football when I was a little kind of, all of them. So partisans on that one. I actually want to try and get good at this or oh my God, the notifications in this game. Absolutely sick. Everybody just do want for a second. Why do you want the bike? But you know what do not reaction? Rain clouds, absolute because of this. We have already left side of the car. One man's joke are from mechanically minded, ready for. Um, are you ready for the model? Oh yes, I am. Thank you very much. Looks the most time with a kind of kind of kind of everybody's doing absolutely off of the korean. I'm going to work up a hell of a radio. Excuse me. But they didn't get famous by doing that. You go give, it was just like project, but it's just chilling and keep me company while I built this car since two. It's so cute, so cute, So beautiful. What is going on? Oh my God. Oh my God, how about we don't have to tell us the bodies improved. Where you go. Oh my God, you comment on the battle. It works on the body. I want to see some improvement. She's just, I'm in a family, You know what? I'm outside? I believe I can. Oh, look like I don't have the eyebrows. I don't like that crisis europe quickly. You can go to bed. I screwed myself because I went bed really early and I'm gonna be full of energy. Well, thankfully little jesse because you have not actually, let's just focus on the pajamas. I absolutely love that. You owe it to my attention. That is not doing well lately. I don't Oh my God, that practice is cool. But it was a ballet is fun. Oh my God, that's why I would, I would never hit a child. I just might just honestly, like I knew this because I know myself anyway. So I could have told you before that I would be disappointed at this, but I'm shocked at how disappointed I think so for your little treatable. So that is, I think she's playing with fire. I should have a democrat. I just put myself to do it. You know, actually while she's doing all this, I want to have a highly right this new bad between that one, the influence how people in free time. It's a lifetime aspiration to see how we do it. Like that is kind of that kind of, oh my God, a little secret. Not right. You know what? I'm gonna get somebody else to us on the car because we have better things to do this and I would never do anything. Uh I want to do. Oh wow, this is what I feel like. I mean, I think he's quite fast in it. I'm thinking that we might get, I just wanted to see, you know, it's looking likely. I had helpless kelly. Okay. Yes. This device, could this be it 5 to 4? Oh my good God. And you don't care about the back and I can't even be happy about success because I'm miss marketing. Oh, that's pretty, I'll just have to put it behind because we got no space. I'm sorry. Uh the ball is going to stop me shoving. It's all about what we can make. Tea set. Oh my God, so british. Absolutely. I'm back in the studio. Just can't get enough than ever. You need to make the family rich. Currently I finished just yet. No, actually we're not going to get famous, but I do with the way this is so much for more. Like, let's be honest, let's be serious. All Muslims are just at home right now and listen. So I'm not sure how about music, which I'm gonna have to turn down because it's too much. Hang on, hang on, let's take a break before before everybody is just so you know, nothing about that. There's so much stuff up in the background, like actual fun stuff instead of just your life just making a living and breathing and works like work sleep. Yeah, I'm enjoying it. A lot of folks hobbies had so much depth to the game. Also, I've got to send some car. I've got bless it must go do it. Yeah, mom, I'm never full body now is this fucking job? I mean, I've taken the role of kelly right now. That's just a fact. Having said he's living a way of making tea sets and please while she's been at school, she comes off from school, just one little dance routine and she gets to get in by trying to club himself. But I'm going to have to go now, I'm gonna after I drop into a teenager because we can't go anywhere without our mom and I just have the secret access in the club. So, happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to those old folks. I can't current something so intense. Anyway, right, I was a teenager, Absolutely big fat leaving mama behind. There we go down the studio, remember because I need to change that. But yes, I mean that one's kind of pink, We're just gonna have to go to that once. It's of course is what it looks kind of cute. You know, everything always comes back into fashion. Does not just ladies. There we go. Alright, get on that pole. It's my dream. It's like, honestly, there's adult, all of the classes in middle spread. I would get that classic, you can say channel honestly my dream, whatever it was a little dance for the kitchen, I'm working on my parallax start kind of statutes, you know, it feels sure Mom, Mom, Yeah, I was told you, why are you here for a drink? And I love something about face like uh sort of friends. God,
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: hello,
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: hanging down. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: you heard me? You see me?
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you and
SPEAKER_R: Excellent.
SPEAKER_L: see. And I good. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yes you are. So hi
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: my name is coarse and uh what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: Jessica. Where are you at?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Ah In michigan?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Arizona.
SPEAKER_R: Oh is there anyone out there right now? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's like ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: Well even being in michigan people always think that being in michigan the weather is going to be slightly colder. It's not so for the last one week at least it's been a little pleasant but uh because of the, of the rains
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: but then usually last last week and grabbed that it was how mad, blazingly hot.
SPEAKER_L: I lived in a Wisconsin and it would get 200° and stuff and people don't think about it, but it's so humid that it's terrible. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: the only difference
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Arizona is that you have it for like four months of over 100 degrees and you're just like, what are you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: going?
SPEAKER_R: mean I was in florida for vital. In fact I was in florida for two years. I was the masters were there and uh so I know extreme temperatures it's it sucks and
SPEAKER_L: florida
SPEAKER_R: you don't like
SPEAKER_L: is crazy,
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: florida is so crazy.
SPEAKER_R: it is, it was but it was all fun and then uh it's always fun when you are next to the ocean you can all have all these beach days. That was the most and you know what the best part about florida is not only only the beaches but there are also some uh freshwater springs. So every weekend we would just go there in our short swimming trunks and just dive in. It was always one.
SPEAKER_L: I miss water audience sounds great Dirt.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean ever since the pandemic started uh possible, but I've just been holed up in my house not doing anything. We'll have been working, I work full time as well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, it doesn't really change my lifestyle because I've always worked from home for like the last three years, so
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: it was like, oh,
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: I've been training, it's fine. Like all the jokes about introverts have been training for this their whole life, I'm like, yeah. Yeah, that's how it is.
SPEAKER_R: Well, well I used to go to work every day and suddenly for the first two weeks when the center everything started and it just started abruptly. It was a sudden decision made by the director of uh of the company. He's like on March seven, everything was fine on March. You're not coming out to the office. So it was just that sudden,
SPEAKER_L: it's really abrupt. A lot of people,
SPEAKER_R: his leg away. Everyone now has to go from home. And for the first two weeks I didn't know what to do. I was like I couldn't have my documents. I don't have anything. Like even setting up a meeting on zoom. I'm never news Somalia. So suddenly you have to learn all these things in a very quick success succession. And then it just became so difficult. So for the first two weeks it was horrible. But then gradually uh I started getting I got in the habit of walking in my shorts at home, waiting up whenever I felt like walking whatever at whatever time I wanted. And it was amazing. I really enjoyed it. And now my boss, I mean they started uh I'm going back to work at least the upper management. And now they're all they all want us to go back as well and I don't want to mm I love this.
SPEAKER_L: Are they going to make you, can you like sign up may be
SPEAKER_R: Now,
SPEAKER_L: very different programs?
SPEAKER_R: unfortunately what happened was uh there were a few people who got for Lord now as a result because they got for Lord. They said that the only reason why they got for Lord was people were working from home and there was wasn't really enough for them. So that's where the, you know the place where I work, It followed them. So now the director wants every one of us to coming to work so as not to get into any kind of lawsuit
SPEAKER_L: Uh That's
SPEAKER_R: being filed by other people
SPEAKER_L: so,
SPEAKER_R: who are with the Lord. Yeah. No, I mean it's a very stupid decision if it has nothing to do with the virus or anything. And then still the numbers are steadily increasing for some reason. But it doesn't matter then all it matters is the money. So if somehow the court yeah, cold favors the people who were followed and then we'll just have to shell out a lot of money. So that is something which I don't think
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I want to walk can afford.
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's fine. The
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: thing
SPEAKER_L: joined
SPEAKER_R: I ripped.
SPEAKER_L: the ranks of work at home and self employed. It's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean the I really like working from home. But the only problem with when you go into offices, there are a few people who apparently don't feel that masks are mandatory or required so they don't feel that way. And just the other day I was was I learned that there was some kind of a side effect study and uh I was reading into it and it said that although this virus is not
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: going to really affect the young people, the problem is there is some irreparable damage that this virus is going to do to the lungs. So I don't want that,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: but I
SPEAKER_L: early.
SPEAKER_R: don't want to love
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: my boyfriend and I both got it and he has like the lung problems that are happening.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: keys still coughing and it's been like four months and you can hear like a rattle inside. So yeah, people don't think about it. And then the whole thing with the kids and stuff going back, they studies that show that like they may not show symptoms, but they hold more of the virus. So they're actually more contagious to other people. And it's like, what are we doing? I don't know, just stay home every other country did find I see except
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: for here.
SPEAKER_R: so you just say that you got it now, Is it like gone? How do you know that? You're completely fine now?
SPEAKER_L: I do not have fevers happening every five seconds and I'm awake
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: got?
SPEAKER_L: longer than two hours. Uh
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: funny
SPEAKER_L: was a lot of fevers and a lot of coughing, but when I got it there was because Arizona was shit they did. Uh but like, I couldn't get tested, and so the only reason we know
SPEAKER_R: and that's
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: because his roommate got tested because this whole house got sick, uh and she went to the doctor because she's pregnant or was pregnant, it's been birthed, but uh she got tested for everything except for corona, and then the doctor was like, yeah, you have, it were like, okay, this is a pregnant woman, but okay, so the conclusion is that we had it, and it's been, I haven't had symptoms since March, so,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: so it's been a hot minute. We got, like, the first initial thing of it, I think, and we know where we got it. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So uh that friend of the others user and she was pregnant. So does it also get transferred to the to the baby?
SPEAKER_L: I know there was like a question, but apparently I don't think it does when they're still in like the placenta and then when she was born, the baby, by that time, the mom had like the symptoms have kind of gone away, so like she's fine. She's growing, she's getting fat. She cute.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I mean, I didn't see a lot of videos online in which a lot of babies were being born and they try to separate the babies from the parrots, so they didn't really want to take the chance. And it was a very initial
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: stage of this entire pandemic. The scientists were still trying to understand what the adverse effects are and they really don't
SPEAKER_L: Everything.
SPEAKER_R: know and that I so they didn't know and uh I mean I don't know. So there was lots of videos. Especially the uh do you watch that programme from uh it was a small show but from john Krasinski Good news.
SPEAKER_L: I watched some of it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So they had all these positive news and out of all this negative news that you're always getting uh into every single day you have some positive news. But it was always all those people crying getting together than the crying and all these things. I don't want to watch a lot of office though during uh this instead of random data
SPEAKER_L: you did or you didn't?
SPEAKER_R: I did team on the T.
SPEAKER_L: You watched
SPEAKER_R: V.
SPEAKER_L: the office three times. I meet him 10 out of 10. I've
SPEAKER_R: than ever been
SPEAKER_L: never really gotten out of the really, gotten really gotten into the office. Um but I've been rewatching dark. Have you ever seen dark? It messes with your head.
SPEAKER_R: I have I have been recommended that show from three of my friends. So and they said it's very confusing so it's better if you have a notebook and a pencil with you so that you're going to write what will be happening. I know it's about time travel and people go and their time travel to different. It does I think.
SPEAKER_L: Kind of, I don't know, we're just finishing season two. I'm like, you just don't know what's happening then. You figure out who people are. There's a lot of time hopping. I don't know, that's great and it takes a lot of concentration on top of that being subtitles. I don't speak german watching the german because the english track is terrible. It's so bad but
SPEAKER_R: that's it.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know it's just so good. You should watch it if you have
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: time.
SPEAKER_R: I have seen some time travel movies and they're finding their
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: fun. Uh there was this one movie called uh I don't know anything about this. There was one movie called lupa. Everything lupa.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like it was a long time ago. I'm pretty sure that you have like a watch or something and keeps going your woman. No.
SPEAKER_R: No, this was a Bruce Willis movie and he goes back in time to who goes back in them and he fights with his younger self.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I watched that ages ago. I barely remember it so you can continue. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: Uh there was Lupa and a three. There was a movie called is predestination.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks,
SPEAKER_R: That's the most, I think that is one of the most confusing temperament movies I've ever seen.
SPEAKER_L: what is it call?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty destination.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think I heard of it.
SPEAKER_R: That is this guy. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: He goes back in time for some reason. I don't exactly remember what the reason was. But he has a sex change and he becomes women and then the time progresses and then his male self. Ah He made sit with the female self and they have a baby. Yeah and it produces the offspring and the offspring is the same guy. Now this is a very bad and terrible explanation that I just made. But really this is the gist of the story. Now every morning the movie you'll get it, you'll understand it. But that doesn't exist to the story.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'll have to watch it. I got time, it sounds
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: weird.
SPEAKER_R: know what there was actually this uh I think all these, let's stop that list of the best time travel movies to watch and there was a Youtube video. So and one of the movies on that list was predestination, so that's where I watched it and
SPEAKER_L: you can
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: think.
SPEAKER_R: I think the most accurate time travel movie is probably primer. That's what they say. I didn't get it even one bed so I watch a lot of movies as a good dad. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I do too. I go through phases, but like I forgot a lot of things uh in my life, I don't know if dark is like if you just took a regular time travel movie and like Stranger Things and it had
SPEAKER_R: You know I don't really watch series like any T.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: V. Shows or series.
SPEAKER_L: Dark is worth it. So Stranger Things isn't worth it.
SPEAKER_R: so you're then you're the fourth person who recommended with that. I'm ready to get to the magical number of five.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. Well when
SPEAKER_R: So I'll tell
SPEAKER_L: you kissed,
SPEAKER_R: you what it's like to be recommended.
SPEAKER_L: why is
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: five magical?
SPEAKER_R: already knew that.
SPEAKER_L: Isn't three magic
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: number?
SPEAKER_R: And just saying because with a movie it's it's only like a Maximum 3-hour commitment. That's it and you're done With a series, you have to like Binge more. Either Binge watch or watch it over a period of 10 days then I don't know, it's just too much.
SPEAKER_L: I get it.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I think the and even when I've watched The Office, it's not as if I'm only watching Office, I'm only considering all that. I'm usually doing my somewhat of my other work. And
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's it man.
SPEAKER_R: is this going on on my laptop or my my doublet? That's it. So that's how I watch it and uh I mean I don't know, it's just some kind of a distraction in the background. That's what I feel.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: It's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I get it. I'm not dissonant, I do it all the time. Like I have a two screen set up in like half of the screen over here is like a T. V. Show and then like a to do list and then the work is over here but the other and I get it too because it's difficult like especially working at home because there's always something that you can do
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: be like I need to shut off and not being near a screen. Um So like actually investing time and do a tv show and everything can be difficult. Sometimes you just need a movie, but like there's just worth it. I don't know, it's one of the few shows where it's actually, it's not so engaging where you're sitting there binging it for three days, you know, like I did nothing with my life. It's enough to like only do an episode at a time and still feel satisfied, but also being like, what the fuck is going on? That's all? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I mean uh I mean it's actually strange. I mean I love watching movies, but I I really haven't watched movies in the last three months as much for some reason. I don't know why I've been doing some other things. I've been going out a lot. I mean of course with the mask
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: and everything
SPEAKER_L: to take
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: blocks and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: for walks, hikes, Michigan is actually, especially with that left, it's it's very picturesque and there are all these heads freeze, some lakes. So those are some nice places to be. And apart from that, um, I've been playing my guitar a lot. So it's, it's, it's actually a good thing. There are no other distractions for me. So I work on my own time. So I have been playing my guitar a lot and I'm at the intermediate level sort of and I think I'm at the intermediate level.
SPEAKER_L: Any
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: good, Any level is good and thanks dedication. So perhaps stadio.
SPEAKER_R: It does take medication. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: It really does.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And we also, I mean the gym I used to go to uh recently reopened back again And it's so difficult. There are like 10 people in every class and unfortunately none of them were mosques. So that sucks. It's actually not a good thing. I mean I, I am their mask every day I go and they always ask me why do wear their masks because of course when you are wearing mask it's very difficult to exercise, difficult, difficult to do. I mean it's it's a it's a crossword jim so that's it's really a high intensity workout and with when it's when you're doing a high intensity vocal you need to breathe a lot. It's not not breathing, it's like knows animals breathing
SPEAKER_L: it's like yoga and Pilates breathing techniques, isn't it? Like sort of uh
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: woven
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: into it. Like it's still important for like how you go through the series of emotions or something. I don't, I looked up things I can't really do grasp it. It
SPEAKER_R: well and that's actually not true. You just have to show up and trust me. The day I joined the first my first class I could do half a push up, half a push up. It's not even
SPEAKER_L: I can do like a push up. It's just like, I think if I went to a gym, I'd have to do like a trainer instead of a class because I can't do things that like damage my knees because I passed him up doing dance, that sort of thing. So like I've looked at the workouts just for the classes and I'll be like, I'm just standing here, Crossfit itself. Looks funny. Just
SPEAKER_R: it is fun.
SPEAKER_L: fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yes I mean the day I joined my first class I went there I was almost £200 At that time and uh £200 and I could only do have a push up now two years of being in and going there regularly. I go 6, 6 days a week. So yes.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: what? No. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: the baby for yesterday. I did 300 push ups In like 30 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: That makes me tired. Good for you. I'm proud of you. Don't even know you, I'm proud of you. Mm
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: The one I'm proud of myself, I know It just took a little bit of delegation, but I think everything can be done and plus I did follow the 21 day rule. You just have to do one thing For 21 continuous days. And on the 22nd there it will feel like a habit. That's it. So that's what I did in the 1st 21 days. I was just walking like a penguin.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: You can live with this woman. Like a payment every single day everywhere I would go, Oh man, it hurt, it hurt a lot, but I think it went off and
SPEAKER_L: Now you're doing 300 push ups for fun.
SPEAKER_R: Or trust me, it's not fun. Even now. It's not fun. It hurts doing those 300 push out. Would I can't do that? That's the only thing. That's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: the only
SPEAKER_L: the fun
SPEAKER_R: way.
SPEAKER_L: part. Like
SPEAKER_R: And not only that whenever you see, I mean you just spoke about personal training and I completely understand your point of view as well. Mhm. But for me, it's like whenever I am in a class, I see someone else who joined uh well, he and I, he's a friend of mine, he goes to growth. So to the same crossword class, he and I joined In the span of one month. So I joined for us. He came and he came one month later. Uh and when I see him do all those things, I have to be better than him for some things.
SPEAKER_L: I'm the same way. No one gets it. God,
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: not really like with working out, but like one of my friends, she's just better than me. She's more disciplined. She learns things not
SPEAKER_R: Quickly.
SPEAKER_L: faster than me, but there's like this focus that I don't have and I have my strengths in different areas, but I just feel like you're better than me and my friends. Like why do you make everything a competition? And I'm like, but then how do you get better? It's not me like beacon myself. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I know people say, I mean, even my drainer always says this. You shouldn't compare yourself
SPEAKER_L: Put
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: it that
SPEAKER_R: others
SPEAKER_L: way.
SPEAKER_R: because that kind of breeds that leaving an inferiority and you don't have to be nice about yourself. You should always compete with yourself or where you were yesterday. You should be just better than that today. So that's actually a good thing. But I don't know that. I mean, the sense of competition. I like it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think there's like comparison, but then there's also like making it competitive
SPEAKER_R: Work
SPEAKER_L: and I'm not really saying with like physicality or like in a healthy ways, but I mean like skill set wise, I don't know even money. Some
SPEAKER_R: Drugs.
SPEAKER_L: of the reasons sometimes I'm like, I hate money. And then I'm like, but she's doing better than me. Go make funny like mm
SPEAKER_R: I mean, there are all these people who have different states. There are all these friends of mine who always asked me how much I'm making and I just a little bit enough for two minutes a day or three minutes a day. I don't really want to tell them that. But then because what I think is going to happen is they'll have the sense of envy. They're my best friends. I don't want them to feel bad or let's say they're earning much more than me. I don't care. Actually, good for you man, you're a good friend of mine and if you're running great. But then, yeah, I don't want to have that sense of envy. So I never asked them, I tell them not to ask me what my salary is. No
SPEAKER_L: only were just all freelance. So we all will like try and compare like what we charge for different services to like get
SPEAKER_R: carol. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that we're actually worth sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: That's yeah,
SPEAKER_L: That's why we share. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I mean that's a completely different issue. But then I would want to be a freelancer one day. A man. That's, that's actually so my goal in life is to retire by 40. By the time I turned 40, I'm eager to. That's it.
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: do it
SPEAKER_R: radar is not the correct word. Let me just, um, three fraser, financially independent. That's a better book. So
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: safe.
SPEAKER_R: want to go go to work on monday. That's it. I hate Mondays.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: think Mondays off
SPEAKER_R: been won best
SPEAKER_L: monday is my one day off. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's amazing,
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: sir.
SPEAKER_L: on the weekends I get the most work and then during like Tuesday through friday, I end up getting like gigs and stuff. So it's
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: World,
SPEAKER_L: I'm taking
SPEAKER_R: I didn't
SPEAKER_L: off my,
SPEAKER_R: ask you. So what what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I do like social media editing, marketing, video, like whatever. Really? So like one lady, I'm doing her whole marketing. I do website designs, don't do back end. I just do for an end. I've tried to learn back and I'm doing it now for a different person. Like I can figure it out, but if you ask me a question, I don't know anything in my
SPEAKER_R: No. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's what I do. I've worked for VR companies at NPR, It's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: basically to deal with the marketing side of uh I don't know maybe the the company's marketing side or just does include
SPEAKER_L: I mean they
SPEAKER_R: champion.
SPEAKER_L: work from the coaches right now and I work for the podcast company and a travel agent. So it's like the branding, the, look, the field, making the calendars right now and basically a project manager for one of them, you just do whatever. I'm just hungry. I just need food. I need to be able to feed my dog. Like just living my life. What do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Uh so um I'm a chemical engineer
SPEAKER_L: shit.
SPEAKER_R: and uh being overhead, uh I am walking in, it's not really a university, but this project and this is this is a project which is part of the university and we're actually building a nuclear facility over here. So
SPEAKER_L: And you'll really like dark.
SPEAKER_R: well maybe, I don't know what's going to happen, but uh these um you've seen the periodic table, correct? So
SPEAKER_L: know. Hmm.
SPEAKER_R: so in the priority table, you see at the very bottom there are lots of empty boxes, so people know what's going to be there. But unfortunately, we have never been able to stabilize those atoms, those molecules, the facility that we're building, we're going to synthesize those molecules. So that is what
SPEAKER_L: Frankie.
SPEAKER_R: we're doing.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: It's it's yes, it's very sensi it's very nerdy.
SPEAKER_L: very sci fi. Yeah, it's Adams. Yeah. No.
SPEAKER_R: I know there are lots of items, Yeah, and they're extremely high temperatures, so I'm in charge of uh stabilizing the experiment as far as temperature is concerned. So my my job is to let's say there is a 500 degrees uh degree Fahrenheit temperature which is created because of all this smashing of the items. I need to take care of that. So that's my responsibility. So if you somehow feel, or if you somehow see in the news that there is a huge explosion, it's probably because of me because I didn't do my job properly and mhm Uh huh Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: now I'll know and I'll go, well, shit,
SPEAKER_R: There was this one
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: guy walking down, he's responsibility
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: guy knew that guy. He fucked up. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, see like that's cool. That's meaningful. I'm just here messing around in Photoshop
SPEAKER_R: We didn't
SPEAKER_L: perhaps.
SPEAKER_R: know that's that's not exactly good and we
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: do.
SPEAKER_L: competition. Let me be competitive with strangers. Mhm. Are
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we supposed to have like questions popping up or something? Now? I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Uh have you done this earlier?
SPEAKER_L: I haven't either. It just says like your conversation will be at least 25 minutes long, followed by 20 minutes submissions.
SPEAKER_R: Let me jack. What the time is. Oh it's 28 minutes so I think we can end the conversation.
SPEAKER_L: Well, no, like we have to, it's supposed to have like questions or something.
SPEAKER_R: I know. So I have actually done this all of you. So yes, so now what will happen is uh if you go to the previous space on the the path which had all the addresses and everything, you can see the timing is very important and then at all as well you see it. No,
SPEAKER_L: I think I went to the other page. Can you hit the thing?
SPEAKER_R: no, I can hear the thing thing, but uh this conversation is going to be in a separate window, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I'm in that thing.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Did you see the timer?
SPEAKER_L: I know what page you're talking about but already skipped it before. So any problems that I can't do it says no issues. The quality was good. My partner showed up.
SPEAKER_R: so you're already on that bitch. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Well, why don't I?
SPEAKER_R: so I think
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I think you're done. So now this is this is
SPEAKER_L: we're at
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: like 30
SPEAKER_R: that you have
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: to yeah, this isn't something that you have to fill out and that's it. No.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's it. So which one? Do
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: have feelings? I don't know what self awareness though.
SPEAKER_R: everywhere.
SPEAKER_L: Energy all the time
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so now you can fill this out. Uh so
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: I think we can close this window. The one which has the
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: again.
SPEAKER_L: explode. Just don't explode
SPEAKER_R: now it's not going to explore. That's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: me,
SPEAKER_L: and live the good life.
SPEAKER_R: you have a good life as well and hopefully I won't, There won't be a Chernobyl part two. Yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I think the next a Chernobyl party, do you know what? The Chernobyl was a place in Russia where they had a huge nuclear disaster. There's also an HBO series.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Okay. Yeah I had a stroke. Things happen. I forgot a lot. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: that's it, that's not really fine. But
SPEAKER_L: don't turn mobile but you can do it and I'm sorry you have to go back into the office. I hope you can work at home one day soon.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Well I was going to play so but tomorrow from tomorrow I think that we go to office. They were living. So
SPEAKER_L: That you should tell him. I said that's dumb. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have been saying that for the last one week now with my manager, he's like, no, no we cannot do anything. This is this is coming straight from the top disorder. So we cannot do anything
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: you have to be here.
SPEAKER_L: I think I'm meaner than you so yeah anyone I hope you have a good time. I have to get back to work actually. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Alright.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Nice to talk to you.