Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Can Oh mm hmm. What you think? Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I was gonna say let's just stick to it still. It got there and yourselves like down here. But it's just my dog this town which honestly the appreciation. It's like I'm scratching my head there, but it's just because I do not know how does it does it, it's never came up there. It's not about it. I got it anyway, just you know. Uh But I think people like I just got better. What about stuff like that? Actually was the first time. So I really wanna call the fair. But that's how you have a good life like that. But it was not like that. Yeah, looks like right. Uh huh. Oh, I actually say I've got the name from people like I said can be possible just do it right. three or 3 Central crisis. This is a beautiful place dreams many times. It's a controlled, you know, everyone always like absolutely. Uh, and also many things I just wanted to see uh, the car rather like however ballet was something I had an interesting situation transforms. Never before if I had an interesting ballot factory beautiful has a kid, I would cry child abuse and this was 12 make football. So that has to do with like that. Like a, I've always, I've got troubles. Were convicted, convince Elizabeth family. Well, I just want to know the answer to his life. One question. But I think you so figure myself. I have a wonderful family life. Can they continue through the stresses to cook When I was a teenager playing any teenage boy that had called, I would stop for a while Now I have a very unhealthy Do you think of the bell family is going wonderfully well, we'll help you have a contrary themselves together. On the contrary, I think, you know, as well that I did in Brooklyn, but I'm like, this is just yet Okay. Exactly. But it was like a touch of love strong cheese. I mean really loves grilled cheese market mystery out there. I want to go in and look at this family, but which ones? They are just don't expect that Elizabeth and louis. That's not that I wouldn't trust him. I've got to say, I think, I think, oh yeah, that's good. I want to find out what I want my funeral because that is the sound of my life, but the rest of my life, Oh my God, he is there always a genie. Uh oh, you have the universe. How writing three wishes right? You know, just look at these wishes. That's wish for. Also the aspect ratio. This is a little bit. So I'm just going to say that. but it means that I can use that for months between the screen before I have to do that. So that gives you well I would like to be rich hop that's it. Oh you know what I was doing this thing and it's not going up on a quest. Oh my God, get that morning hand which is about £10,000. Uh give me beauty which is grand master your question but I haven't changed. I mean maybe it was just too beautiful there in this training as hard. A very, very, very crucial like blessing. Oh jesus christ okay, this whole between the screens and my mouth was important but I just can't because the ratio so I will have two seconds to you guys claiming since you've given me so we have to be about that. Absolutely. So I want to buy, okay, not really feeling the peace of mind. I want to live the life. I had dreams is many a little terror because I absolutely had to travel on the walls and more street dance competition and I'm just like, you know that I am, I don't, I don't get, is that can kind of modeled after kelly highland. That's purely just that one. I can see where we live, where we live. What is the most, the formal association house, uh, that we can afford? I should have the balls, uh, contrary households. I mean, this one's kind of big one because I do that one and then just kick them out on a system over the cost of service. How about me about more than kelly? I'm gonna come over here absolutely terrible block. But it's not the outfit that I am embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. Although I was always in a football when I was a little kind of, all of them. So partisans on that one. I actually want to try and get good at this or oh my God, the notifications in this game. Absolutely sick. Everybody just do want for a second. Why do you want the bike? But you know what do not reaction? Rain clouds, absolute because of this. We have already left side of the car. One man's joke are from mechanically minded, ready for. Um, are you ready for the model? Oh yes, I am. Thank you very much. Looks the most time with a kind of kind of kind of everybody's doing absolutely off of the korean. I'm going to work up a hell of a radio. Excuse me. But they didn't get famous by doing that. You go give, it was just like project, but it's just chilling and keep me company while I built this car since two. It's so cute, so cute, So beautiful. What is going on? Oh my God. Oh my God, how about we don't have to tell us the bodies improved. Where you go. Oh my God, you comment on the battle. It works on the body. I want to see some improvement. She's just, I'm in a family, You know what? I'm outside? I believe I can. Oh, look like I don't have the eyebrows. I don't like that crisis europe quickly. You can go to bed. I screwed myself because I went bed really early and I'm gonna be full of energy. Well, thankfully little jesse because you have not actually, let's just focus on the pajamas. I absolutely love that. You owe it to my attention. That is not doing well lately. I don't Oh my God, that practice is cool. But it was a ballet is fun. Oh my God, that's why I would, I would never hit a child. I just might just honestly, like I knew this because I know myself anyway. So I could have told you before that I would be disappointed at this, but I'm shocked at how disappointed I think so for your little treatable. So that is, I think she's playing with fire. I should have a democrat. I just put myself to do it. You know, actually while she's doing all this, I want to have a highly right this new bad between that one, the influence how people in free time. It's a lifetime aspiration to see how we do it. Like that is kind of that kind of, oh my God, a little secret. Not right. You know what? I'm gonna get somebody else to us on the car because we have better things to do this and I would never do anything. Uh I want to do. Oh wow, this is what I feel like. I mean, I think he's quite fast in it. I'm thinking that we might get, I just wanted to see, you know, it's looking likely. I had helpless kelly. Okay. Yes. This device, could this be it 5 to 4? Oh my good God. And you don't care about the back and I can't even be happy about success because I'm miss marketing. Oh, that's pretty, I'll just have to put it behind because we got no space. I'm sorry. Uh the ball is going to stop me shoving. It's all about what we can make. Tea set. Oh my God, so british. Absolutely. I'm back in the studio. Just can't get enough than ever. You need to make the family rich. Currently I finished just yet. No, actually we're not going to get famous, but I do with the way this is so much for more. Like, let's be honest, let's be serious. All Muslims are just at home right now and listen. So I'm not sure how about music, which I'm gonna have to turn down because it's too much. Hang on, hang on, let's take a break before before everybody is just so you know, nothing about that. There's so much stuff up in the background, like actual fun stuff instead of just your life just making a living and breathing and works like work sleep. Yeah, I'm enjoying it. A lot of folks hobbies had so much depth to the game. Also, I've got to send some car. I've got bless it must go do it. Yeah, mom, I'm never full body now is this fucking job? I mean, I've taken the role of kelly right now. That's just a fact. Having said he's living a way of making tea sets and please while she's been at school, she comes off from school, just one little dance routine and she gets to get in by trying to club himself. But I'm going to have to go now, I'm gonna after I drop into a teenager because we can't go anywhere without our mom and I just have the secret access in the club. So, happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to those old folks. I can't current something so intense. Anyway, right, I was a teenager, Absolutely big fat leaving mama behind. There we go down the studio, remember because I need to change that. But yes, I mean that one's kind of pink, We're just gonna have to go to that once. It's of course is what it looks kind of cute. You know, everything always comes back into fashion. Does not just ladies. There we go. Alright, get on that pole. It's my dream. It's like, honestly, there's adult, all of the classes in middle spread. I would get that classic, you can say channel honestly my dream, whatever it was a little dance for the kitchen, I'm working on my parallax start kind of statutes, you know, it feels sure Mom, Mom, Yeah, I was told you, why are you here for a drink? And I love something about face like uh sort of friends. God,
hello,
hanging down. Yeah,
I can hear you and
see. And I good. Okay.
Hi,
Jessica. Where are you at?
I'm in Arizona.
it's like ridiculous.
No,
I lived in a Wisconsin and it would get 200° and stuff and people don't think about it, but it's so humid that it's terrible. Yeah,
the only difference
Arizona is that you have it for like four months of over 100 degrees and you're just like, what are you
going?
florida
is crazy,
florida is so crazy.
I miss water audience sounds great Dirt.
Yeah. I mean, it doesn't really change my lifestyle because I've always worked from home for like the last three years, so
it was like, oh,
I've been training, it's fine. Like all the jokes about introverts have been training for this their whole life, I'm like, yeah. Yeah, that's how it is.
it's really abrupt. A lot of people,
Are they going to make you, can you like sign up may be
very different programs?
Uh That's
so,
I'm
sorry.
And
just
joined
the ranks of work at home and self employed. It's fine.
And
so
early.
So
my boyfriend and I both got it and he has like the lung problems that are happening.
My
keys still coughing and it's been like four months and you can hear like a rattle inside. So yeah, people don't think about it. And then the whole thing with the kids and stuff going back, they studies that show that like they may not show symptoms, but they hold more of the virus. So they're actually more contagious to other people. And it's like, what are we doing? I don't know, just stay home every other country did find I see except
for here.
I do not have fevers happening every five seconds and I'm awake
for
longer than two hours. Uh
It
was a lot of fevers and a lot of coughing, but when I got it there was because Arizona was shit they did. Uh but like, I couldn't get tested, and so the only reason we know
is
because his roommate got tested because this whole house got sick, uh and she went to the doctor because she's pregnant or was pregnant, it's been birthed, but uh she got tested for everything except for corona, and then the doctor was like, yeah, you have, it were like, okay, this is a pregnant woman, but okay, so the conclusion is that we had it, and it's been, I haven't had symptoms since March, so,
so it's been a hot minute. We got, like, the first initial thing of it, I think, and we know where we got it. So. Yeah.
I know there was like a question, but apparently I don't think it does when they're still in like the placenta and then when she was born, the baby, by that time, the mom had like the symptoms have kind of gone away, so like she's fine. She's growing, she's getting fat. She cute.
No.
Everything.
I watched some of it. Yeah.
you did or you didn't?
You watched
the office three times. I meet him 10 out of 10. I've
never really gotten out of the really, gotten really gotten into the office. Um but I've been rewatching dark. Have you ever seen dark? It messes with your head.
Kind of, I don't know, we're just finishing season two. I'm like, you just don't know what's happening then. You figure out who people are. There's a lot of time hopping. I don't know, that's great and it takes a lot of concentration on top of that being subtitles. I don't speak german watching the german because the english track is terrible. It's so bad but
I don't know it's just so good. You should watch it if you have
time.
So
I feel like it was a long time ago. I'm pretty sure that you have like a watch or something and keeps going your woman. No.
yeah, I watched that ages ago. I barely remember it so you can continue. Sorry.
Thanks,
what is it call?
I don't think I heard of it.
Mhm
yeah, I'll have to watch it. I got time, it sounds
weird.
you can
think.
I do too. I go through phases, but like I forgot a lot of things uh in my life, I don't know if dark is like if you just took a regular time travel movie and like Stranger Things and it had
Well
Dark is worth it. So Stranger Things isn't worth it.
Oh okay. Well when
you kissed,
why is
five magical?
Isn't three magic
number?
I get it.
Yeah. That's it man.
No.
Yeah I get it. I'm not dissonant, I do it all the time. Like I have a two screen set up in like half of the screen over here is like a T. V. Show and then like a to do list and then the work is over here but the other and I get it too because it's difficult like especially working at home because there's always something that you can do
to
be like I need to shut off and not being near a screen. Um So like actually investing time and do a tv show and everything can be difficult. Sometimes you just need a movie, but like there's just worth it. I don't know, it's one of the few shows where it's actually, it's not so engaging where you're sitting there binging it for three days, you know, like I did nothing with my life. It's enough to like only do an episode at a time and still feel satisfied, but also being like, what the fuck is going on? That's all? Uh huh.
like
to take
out
blocks and stuff.
Any
good, Any level is good and thanks dedication. So perhaps stadio.
It really does.
it's like yoga and Pilates breathing techniques, isn't it? Like sort of uh
woven
into it. Like it's still important for like how you go through the series of emotions or something. I don't, I looked up things I can't really do grasp it. It
I can do like a push up. It's just like, I think if I went to a gym, I'd have to do like a trainer instead of a class because I can't do things that like damage my knees because I passed him up doing dance, that sort of thing. So like I've looked at the workouts just for the classes and I'll be like, I'm just standing here, Crossfit itself. Looks funny. Just
fun.
that's
what? No. Mhm.
That makes me tired. Good for you. I'm proud of you. Don't even know you, I'm proud of you. Mm
hmm.
No.
Now you're doing 300 push ups for fun.
that's
the fun
part. Like
I'm the same way. No one gets it. God,
not really like with working out, but like one of my friends, she's just better than me. She's more disciplined. She learns things not
faster than me, but there's like this focus that I don't have and I have my strengths in different areas, but I just feel like you're better than me and my friends. Like why do you make everything a competition? And I'm like, but then how do you get better? It's not me like beacon myself. Yeah.
Put
it that
way.
I think there's like comparison, but then there's also like making it competitive
and I'm not really saying with like physicality or like in a healthy ways, but I mean like skill set wise, I don't know even money. Some
of the reasons sometimes I'm like, I hate money. And then I'm like, but she's doing better than me. Go make funny like mm
only were just all freelance. So we all will like try and compare like what we charge for different services to like get
that we're actually worth sometimes.
That's why we share. Yeah,
I mean
do it
like
safe.
I
think Mondays off
monday is my one day off. Mhm.
Because
on the weekends I get the most work and then during like Tuesday through friday, I end up getting like gigs and stuff. So it's
like,
I'm taking
off my,
I do like social media editing, marketing, video, like whatever. Really? So like one lady, I'm doing her whole marketing. I do website designs, don't do back end. I just do for an end. I've tried to learn back and I'm doing it now for a different person. Like I can figure it out, but if you ask me a question, I don't know anything in my
Yeah, that's what I do. I've worked for VR companies at NPR, It's
that
kind
of stuff.
I mean they
work from the coaches right now and I work for the podcast company and a travel agent. So it's like the branding, the, look, the field, making the calendars right now and basically a project manager for one of them, you just do whatever. I'm just hungry. I just need food. I need to be able to feed my dog. Like just living my life. What do you do?
shit.
And you'll really like dark.
know. Hmm.
Frankie.
It's
very sci fi. Yeah, it's Adams. Yeah. No.
now I'll know and I'll go, well, shit,
it's
one
guy knew that guy. He fucked up. Yeah,
I mean, see like that's cool. That's meaningful. I'm just here messing around in Photoshop
perhaps.
No,
it's
competition. Let me be competitive with strangers. Mhm. Are
we supposed to have like questions popping up or something? Now? I don't know.
I haven't either. It just says like your conversation will be at least 25 minutes long, followed by 20 minutes submissions.
Well, no, like we have to, it's supposed to have like questions or something.
I think I went to the other page. Can you hit the thing?
Yeah, no, I'm in that thing.
I know what page you're talking about but already skipped it before. So any problems that I can't do it says no issues. The quality was good. My partner showed up.
Okay.
Well, why don't I?
So
we're at
like 30
but
Oh that's it. So which one? Do
have feelings? I don't know what self awareness though.
Energy all the time
so.
Well
don't
explode. Just don't explode
and
and live the good life.
What?
yeah. Okay. Yeah I had a stroke. Things happen. I forgot a lot. Okay.
don't turn mobile but you can do it and I'm sorry you have to go back into the office. I hope you can work at home one day soon.
That you should tell him. I said that's dumb. Yeah.
I
mean
I think I'm meaner than you so yeah anyone I hope you have a good time. I have to get back to work actually. Yeah
I