Hello.
Hi
you heard me? You see me?
Excellent.
Yes you are. So hi
my name is coarse and uh what's your name?
Yes. Ah In michigan?
Oh is there anyone out there right now? Yeah.
Well even being in michigan people always think that being in michigan the weather is going to be slightly colder. It's not so for the last one week at least it's been a little pleasant but uh because of the, of the rains
but then usually last last week and grabbed that it was how mad, blazingly hot.
I know.
So
I
mean I was in florida for vital. In fact I was in florida for two years. I was the masters were there and uh so I know extreme temperatures it's it sucks and
you don't like
it.
it is, it was but it was all fun and then uh it's always fun when you are next to the ocean you can all have all these beach days. That was the most and you know what the best part about florida is not only only the beaches but there are also some uh freshwater springs. So every weekend we would just go there in our short swimming trunks and just dive in. It was always one.
Yeah, I mean ever since the pandemic started uh possible, but I've just been holed up in my house not doing anything. We'll have been working, I work full time as well. Yeah.
Oh that's
well.
Well, well I used to go to work every day and suddenly for the first two weeks when the center everything started and it just started abruptly. It was a sudden decision made by the director of uh of the company. He's like on March seven, everything was fine on March. You're not coming out to the office. So it was just that sudden,
his leg away. Everyone now has to go from home. And for the first two weeks I didn't know what to do. I was like I couldn't have my documents. I don't have anything. Like even setting up a meeting on zoom. I'm never news Somalia. So suddenly you have to learn all these things in a very quick success succession. And then it just became so difficult. So for the first two weeks it was horrible. But then gradually uh I started getting I got in the habit of walking in my shorts at home, waiting up whenever I felt like walking whatever at whatever time I wanted. And it was amazing. I really enjoyed it. And now my boss, I mean they started uh I'm going back to work at least the upper management. And now they're all they all want us to go back as well and I don't want to mm I love this.
Now,
unfortunately what happened was uh there were a few people who got for Lord now as a result because they got for Lord. They said that the only reason why they got for Lord was people were working from home and there was wasn't really enough for them. So that's where the, you know the place where I work, It followed them. So now the director wants every one of us to coming to work so as not to get into any kind of lawsuit
being filed by other people
who are with the Lord. Yeah. No, I mean it's a very stupid decision if it has nothing to do with the virus or anything. And then still the numbers are steadily increasing for some reason. But it doesn't matter then all it matters is the money. So if somehow the court yeah, cold favors the people who were followed and then we'll just have to shell out a lot of money. So that is something which I don't think
I want to walk can afford.
I mean it's fine. The
only
thing
I ripped.
Yeah. I mean the I really like working from home. But the only problem with when you go into offices, there are a few people who apparently don't feel that masks are mandatory or required so they don't feel that way. And just the other day I was was I learned that there was some kind of a side effect study and uh I was reading into it and it said that although this virus is not
going to really affect the young people, the problem is there is some irreparable damage that this virus is going to do to the lungs. So I don't want that,
but I
don't want to love
do
it's
not.
So
so you just say that you got it now, Is it like gone? How do you know that? You're completely fine now?
You
got?
that's
funny
and that's
it.
No.
So uh that friend of the others user and she was pregnant. So does it also get transferred to the to the baby?
yeah. I mean, I didn't see a lot of videos online in which a lot of babies were being born and they try to separate the babies from the parrots, so they didn't really want to take the chance. And it was a very initial
stage of this entire pandemic. The scientists were still trying to understand what the adverse effects are and they really don't
know and that I so they didn't know and uh I mean I don't know. So there was lots of videos. Especially the uh do you watch that programme from uh it was a small show but from john Krasinski Good news.
Okay. So they had all these positive news and out of all this negative news that you're always getting uh into every single day you have some positive news. But it was always all those people crying getting together than the crying and all these things. I don't want to watch a lot of office though during uh this instead of random data
I did team on the T.
V.
than ever been
I have I have been recommended that show from three of my friends. So and they said it's very confusing so it's better if you have a notebook and a pencil with you so that you're going to write what will be happening. I know it's about time travel and people go and their time travel to different. It does I think.
that's it.
I mean
I have seen some time travel movies and they're finding their
fun. Uh there was this one movie called uh I don't know anything about this. There was one movie called lupa. Everything lupa.
No, this was a Bruce Willis movie and he goes back in time to who goes back in them and he fights with his younger self.
Uh there was Lupa and a three. There was a movie called is predestination.
That's the most, I think that is one of the most confusing temperament movies I've ever seen.
Pretty destination.
That is this guy. Okay.
He goes back in time for some reason. I don't exactly remember what the reason was. But he has a sex change and he becomes women and then the time progresses and then his male self. Ah He made sit with the female self and they have a baby. Yeah and it produces the offspring and the offspring is the same guy. Now this is a very bad and terrible explanation that I just made. But really this is the gist of the story. Now every morning the movie you'll get it, you'll understand it. But that doesn't exist to the story.
You
know what there was actually this uh I think all these, let's stop that list of the best time travel movies to watch and there was a Youtube video. So and one of the movies on that list was predestination, so that's where I watched it and
and
I think the most accurate time travel movie is probably primer. That's what they say. I didn't get it even one bed so I watch a lot of movies as a good dad. Mhm.
You know I don't really watch series like any T.
V. Shows or series.
so you're then you're the fourth person who recommended with that. I'm ready to get to the magical number of five.
So I'll tell
you what it's like to be recommended.
You
already knew that.
Thanks.
And just saying because with a movie it's it's only like a Maximum 3-hour commitment. That's it and you're done With a series, you have to like Binge more. Either Binge watch or watch it over a period of 10 days then I don't know, it's just too much.
I mean I think the and even when I've watched The Office, it's not as if I'm only watching Office, I'm only considering all that. I'm usually doing my somewhat of my other work. And
is this going on on my laptop or my my doublet? That's it. So that's how I watch it and uh I mean I don't know, it's just some kind of a distraction in the background. That's what I feel.
It's nice.
You
know.
I mean uh I mean it's actually strange. I mean I love watching movies, but I I really haven't watched movies in the last three months as much for some reason. I don't know why I've been doing some other things. I've been going out a lot. I mean of course with the mask
and everything
I
can
for walks, hikes, Michigan is actually, especially with that left, it's it's very picturesque and there are all these heads freeze, some lakes. So those are some nice places to be. And apart from that, um, I've been playing my guitar a lot. So it's, it's, it's actually a good thing. There are no other distractions for me. So I work on my own time. So I have been playing my guitar a lot and I'm at the intermediate level sort of and I think I'm at the intermediate level.
So
It does take medication. Yes.
Yeah. And we also, I mean the gym I used to go to uh recently reopened back again And it's so difficult. There are like 10 people in every class and unfortunately none of them were mosques. So that sucks. It's actually not a good thing. I mean I, I am their mask every day I go and they always ask me why do wear their masks because of course when you are wearing mask it's very difficult to exercise, difficult, difficult to do. I mean it's it's a it's a crossword jim so that's it's really a high intensity workout and with when it's when you're doing a high intensity vocal you need to breathe a lot. It's not not breathing, it's like knows animals breathing
when
it.
well and that's actually not true. You just have to show up and trust me. The day I joined the first my first class I could do half a push up, half a push up. It's not even
it is fun.
Yes I mean the day I joined my first class I went there I was almost £200 At that time and uh £200 and I could only do have a push up now two years of being in and going there regularly. I go 6, 6 days a week. So yes.
And
the baby for yesterday. I did 300 push ups In like 30 minutes.
huh.
The one I'm proud of myself, I know It just took a little bit of delegation, but I think everything can be done and plus I did follow the 21 day rule. You just have to do one thing For 21 continuous days. And on the 22nd there it will feel like a habit. That's it. So that's what I did in the 1st 21 days. I was just walking like a penguin.
You can live with this woman. Like a payment every single day everywhere I would go, Oh man, it hurt, it hurt a lot, but I think it went off and
Or trust me, it's not fun. Even now. It's not fun. It hurts doing those 300 push out. Would I can't do that? That's the only thing. That's
the only
way.
And not only that whenever you see, I mean you just spoke about personal training and I completely understand your point of view as well. Mhm. But for me, it's like whenever I am in a class, I see someone else who joined uh well, he and I, he's a friend of mine, he goes to growth. So to the same crossword class, he and I joined In the span of one month. So I joined for us. He came and he came one month later. Uh and when I see him do all those things, I have to be better than him for some things.
All right.
Quickly.
I mean, I know people say, I mean, even my drainer always says this. You shouldn't compare yourself
with
others
because that kind of breeds that leaving an inferiority and you don't have to be nice about yourself. You should always compete with yourself or where you were yesterday. You should be just better than that today. So that's actually a good thing. But I don't know that. I mean, the sense of competition. I like it. Yeah.
Work
Drugs.
I mean, there are all these people who have different states. There are all these friends of mine who always asked me how much I'm making and I just a little bit enough for two minutes a day or three minutes a day. I don't really want to tell them that. But then because what I think is going to happen is they'll have the sense of envy. They're my best friends. I don't want them to feel bad or let's say they're earning much more than me. I don't care. Actually, good for you man, you're a good friend of mine and if you're running great. But then, yeah, I don't want to have that sense of envy. So I never asked them, I tell them not to ask me what my salary is. No
carol. Okay.
That's yeah,
yeah. I mean that's a completely different issue. But then I would want to be a freelancer one day. A man. That's, that's actually so my goal in life is to retire by 40. By the time I turned 40, I'm eager to. That's it.
Well,
radar is not the correct word. Let me just, um, three fraser, financially independent. That's a better book. So
I don't
want to go go to work on monday. That's it. I hate Mondays.
I have
been won best
That's amazing,
sir.
the
World,
I didn't
ask you. So what what do you do?
No. Okay.
So
you
you
basically to deal with the marketing side of uh I don't know maybe the the company's marketing side or just does include
champion.
Uh so um I'm a chemical engineer
and uh being overhead, uh I am walking in, it's not really a university, but this project and this is this is a project which is part of the university and we're actually building a nuclear facility over here. So
well maybe, I don't know what's going to happen, but uh these um you've seen the periodic table, correct? So
so in the priority table, you see at the very bottom there are lots of empty boxes, so people know what's going to be there. But unfortunately, we have never been able to stabilize those atoms, those molecules, the facility that we're building, we're going to synthesize those molecules. So that is what
we're doing.
It's it's yes, it's very sensi it's very nerdy.
I know there are lots of items, Yeah, and they're extremely high temperatures, so I'm in charge of uh stabilizing the experiment as far as temperature is concerned. So my my job is to let's say there is a 500 degrees uh degree Fahrenheit temperature which is created because of all this smashing of the items. I need to take care of that. So that's my responsibility. So if you somehow feel, or if you somehow see in the news that there is a huge explosion, it's probably because of me because I didn't do my job properly and mhm Uh huh Yeah.
There was this one
guy walking down, he's responsibility
here.
Yeah.
We didn't
know that's that's not exactly good and we
don't
do.
Yeah.
Uh have you done this earlier?
Let me jack. What the time is. Oh it's 28 minutes so I think we can end the conversation.
I know. So I have actually done this all of you. So yes, so now what will happen is uh if you go to the previous space on the the path which had all the addresses and everything, you can see the timing is very important and then at all as well you see it. No,
no, I can hear the thing thing, but uh this conversation is going to be in a separate window, so.
Okay. Did you see the timer?
so you're already on that bitch. Okay,
so
so I think
I think you're done. So now this is this is
something
that you have
to yeah, this isn't something that you have to fill out and that's it. No.
So
everywhere.
Yeah, so now you can fill this out. Uh so
I think we can close this window. The one which has the
look
again.
now it's not going to explore. That's
me,
you have a good life as well and hopefully I won't, There won't be a Chernobyl part two. Yeah, so
I think the next a Chernobyl party, do you know what? The Chernobyl was a place in Russia where they had a huge nuclear disaster. There's also an HBO series.
that's it, that's not really fine. But
I know. Well I was going to play so but tomorrow from tomorrow I think that we go to office. They were living. So
I have been saying that for the last one week now with my manager, he's like, no, no we cannot do anything. This is this is coming straight from the top disorder. So we cannot do anything
when
you have to be here.
Okay. Alright.
Nice to talk to you.