SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm. Shot my family. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Why isn't this weird? It's like flipped. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Hey, how you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: Mr
SPEAKER_L: Let me start my time. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I'm just saying.
SPEAKER_L: Located. The first thing I thought to myself, it was like, Oh, you have to talk for at least 25. I'm like, all right. When I hit the 25 and then I getting anything above 25.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Your mid sentence and you just closed
SPEAKER_L: I mean the way I look at it is like we're obviously going to be delivering such a high quality conversation,
SPEAKER_R: all this?
SPEAKER_L: you know? So it's just like, why would I not want to get paid for every, every priceless second that we can get
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: these people?
SPEAKER_R: that's right. You gotta know your worth. Right.
SPEAKER_L: But I'm nick it's nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you, Where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Orlando florida. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in California in L. A.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. So how did you like find this survey? I guess? Like what brought you to do this?
SPEAKER_R: Um since covid actually I was like, I need to find ways to, you know, kind of uh add to my income here, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So it's prolific. Like the only platform that you do or do you do like other things.
SPEAKER_R: I do m turk here there, but this one is way better. So I really just, this is primarily the one I use.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I do, I do in Turkey as well. It's funny because I actually think I'm Turkey is better than prolific.
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The thing,
SPEAKER_R: is that?
SPEAKER_L: I mean the thing about mturk is it's harder to use it, but like in my opinion, once you know how to use it, you can definitely make more money on them turk. Like I'd say I make about $40 a day on mturk, which is like a lot, which is a lot more than like what I do on here.
SPEAKER_R: you know how much time though?
SPEAKER_L: It definitely takes me probably like five or six hours somewhere around there. But I mean, I don't I don't really have like too much going on right now, so I mean but Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I just get tired of it, like doing, I'm sure going to be like oh 10 cents for like however many minutes, and I was like oh it's driving me crazy, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean the thing I use um do you know about like the scripts or like the extensions that you can use?
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I did.
SPEAKER_L: you should look into it. There's one that I use. It's called, it's called like mturk or sweet or like mturk or sweet, something like that. Um And it basically like it replaces like the normal like list that you have of like the hits or whatever um with like a different one that's like it's like more customizable. And like the whole idea is that like you can select hits that have already been taken. And you can like it like repeatedly
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: to like make your computer repeatedly refresh those hits. So that like if someone who has it like claimed if they release it, you will be like the first person to get it because
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it's like it's like way faster than like what any like manual person could do. So I just like I just like use a strategy like that and I only like do hits that are like a dollar or above bird.
SPEAKER_R: I know, that's what I did. After a while I was doing some of the smaller ones and I was like no way. And then I was like just sorting and like I'm only doing like the top that give adequate. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for sure. But so what were you doing before all this all this stuff happened? Like what was your employment?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well I still actually have my job but costs have increased because like I used to be able to get like snacks at work and like, you know, obviously I wasn't using as much of my utilities because I wasn't home most of the day and now my grocery bill has increased and I'm using utilities like crazy so it's like okay, things are getting a bit tight, so Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I mean, but we're like in two of like the worst states right now
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: for the pandemic, which is it's kind of crazy.
SPEAKER_R: I know. I'm so angry at my state though, it's like we did a good job at first and I was like, ok, okay, we're not stupid and then they just went stupid and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You guys are like killing it at first
SPEAKER_R: I.
SPEAKER_L: and they see the thing about here is that we were just terrible like from the very start. So it's like I don't even feel any kind of way right now. I'm just like, you know, it's florida man. Like people are going to do crazy stuff out here.
SPEAKER_R: I know. I feel like that's the norm in florida. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like everyone knows about like the florida man, like the florida man memes because
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's a radio station on your called karaoke and they do like this one um little like portion where it's like stories in florida and it's always like something crazy because that's just
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean we're definitely crazy. But I did read one time that like part of the reason why you hear more stories like that about florida than like the other states is because apparently there's like some weird law here where like news outlets or whatever are able to report more freely on like some of these like crazy things, like they're, they have like access to like arrest records that normally like in other states, there's like laws preventing you from like reporting on it. So apparently it's just like, it's a thing where it's like the information is more accessible here,
SPEAKER_R: cropping
SPEAKER_L: so it gets reported on more and then it gets picked up more like in like the national media. So, I mean, you know, maybe we're not as crazy, you know, I just, you know, sometimes I tell that to myself just to make me feel better.
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: But I mean,
SPEAKER_R: you got it right,
SPEAKER_L: I mean, honestly, I kind of just embrace it too at the same point, like, you definitely, have you ever been to florida before, or?
SPEAKER_R: Only once um to go to like Epcot? Not
SPEAKER_L: But Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: I've been I've been living here all my life 25 years and I've I've definitely seen some pretty crazy stuff. So um there's definitely some truth to it, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel like there has to be even if what you say is true, I still feel like maybe there's still a little crazier than the rest.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I think a big part of it has to do with like the heat. Honestly, like I think um because I think there was like some studies that they did on that one time they were like examining like the crime rate and I think it was in new york and they like theorize that like a big reason why um crime rates have dropped so drastically in like the last 20 to 30 years um has been like, it's, I mean obviously it's like a huge like confluence of like a lot of different factors, but like part of it was that like the proliferation of just like, like air conditioning and stuff like that has kept people like out of the heat and like he like naturally like turns up like the aggression in people and makes them more likely to like acting reckless ways. And apparently there was like something about like, like some like oil like and lead or something like that that had like something to do with it as well. Like the lead and oil was like making people act crazy. I don't know. It was kind of like vaguely read it. But yeah, that's um, that's my scientific knowledge for, for the
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: night I guess.
SPEAKER_R: I think you guys having aligators helps to, with the craziness. I mean that's that's a whole other yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean one thing everyone in florida seen before is uh, an alligator just like crossing the street like randomly.
SPEAKER_R: Two
SPEAKER_L: I feel like everyone I've talked to is like had a story like that before and like it's just like normal, just kind of like shrug and they're just like, I don't send whatever.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Maybe
SPEAKER_R: guess.
SPEAKER_L: it's like maybe it's someone's pet.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's bananas. Oh man. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've actually eaten alligator before. It's pretty, it's pretty tasty actually. You'd be surprised.
SPEAKER_R: I thought it was like gay me, you know.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it is a little gamey, but like it also kind of just tastes like chicken. So it's kind of like a little more game here version of chicken.
SPEAKER_R: How did you go, how did you get about eating it?
SPEAKER_L: Um It was just, I was in Miami for the weekend and there was like this like stand on the side of the road that was like advertising it. It's like not that uncommon, like it's not like you just go to like a normal restaurant or whatever, like a chain and they're going to have an alligator to like go to like, you know, sort of like a more backwoods, you need type area or like a more like um, like a local restaurant. Um You might be like more likely to like find it. It's like a novelty thing I think. You
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: know, I don't think anyone is like out there like, you know, surviving or eating alligator all the time.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: never know. Especially in your statement. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mean, I'm trying to get away from eating meat in general though. So I mean, hopefully hopefully I can do that.
SPEAKER_R: Why is that?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know to be honest. Like, I mean, I mean a big part of it for me is definitely the environmental reasons and like I definitely um I don't really support like factory farming I guess. So like that's like a big part of the reason. But also recently I've just been like kind of like appalled by like eating me. It's like super weird because I've always been like meat or like my whole life like, you know, I love like chicken, like, you know, steak, like whatever, like I'll eat it. But for some reason like lately it's just been like super like grossed out by almost like I've been like having to like force myself but
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: at the same time like I don't really know like enough about like going vegan or like vegetarian I guess. So. I kind of feel like I'm stuck in like a little bit of like a weird place right now.
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: thinking vegan and engineering is vegan is so much more strict.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, vegans a lot more strict. I mean, I don't know, I mean part of it kind of wants to do it just to like go like all the way, you know what I mean? But like I feel like from a more like practical standpoint like it probably makes more sense to like go vegetarian first, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's like queen smoking, you know, it's like probably a little too hard to go vegan right away, but I
SPEAKER_L: Right. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: never like I'm a really picky eater. So like to just eat a vegan diet. I think I'd starve to death, literally. So.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. I used to, I used to be a really picky eater too when I was like a like a kid, I wouldn't like anything, it would just be like the most basic like pizza, like chicken nuggets. Like anything like green, anything like that was like a fruit. I was just like, no, I get that away from me, but I kind of like just like when I got older I just kind of was like all right, like you stop being like a baby about this and just kind of like start trying to eat some more stuff and it kind of worked out. So I mean, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, it's it's very visceral for me. Like I'm really sensitive with textures, so like I just, I like there's certain
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: things
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: I just cannot eat.
SPEAKER_L: My gosh,
SPEAKER_R: So yes.
SPEAKER_L: you ever have you ever done that? Like have you ever heard of it? Like some people are like super tasters or whatever?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've heard of that and I've had people tell me that I might be um like there was this one test where I could taste like bitter and other people, but it or something like that. So they're like, oh, maybe, but I really have no idea.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know. I mean I thought I used to think I was like that too, but I think I'm probably just normal. Like I I kind of want to be like special, like, oh, I'm part of the like the like, point whatever percent that like, like no, I'm not really, I'm probably just an average guy.
SPEAKER_R: disappointing. I mean if there's an Aaron onion in my food, I will find it and so I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I feel you on that. I feel you on that. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: there was another condition to like when I was younger, like I super desperately like wanted to convince myself, I don't know if you ever heard of it, It's called like um synesthesia where it's like, you see the colors or whatever, like
SPEAKER_R: There's a lot of different forms. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but like I super was just like, oh my God, that would be like the coolest thing, like, and I'm like, I was like, I remember one time I was like, I was like a lot younger, I was telling myself like, yeah, like sometimes when you read this
SPEAKER_R: awful.
SPEAKER_L: like you can definitely see it. Like you just got to like concentrate, like close your eyes like, you know what man? You're just that's not you. Like it would be cool if it was you, but you know, sometimes you just got to accept accept the hand you've been dealt. Um
SPEAKER_R: Get away from her classmates had one form of it. It's pretty interesting, but yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I feel like it would be like super cool. Like you're just like this mysterious dude playing the piano. You got your like your eyes close, your just seeing like explosions of like color and like, like all this other stuff. But no.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know, some forms though. Like people are bothered by it because it's distracting or it's limited.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. I could definitely see that too. Like that's that's the funny thing about life. Like so many people want like to be like a certain way or like they want to have like a certain uniqueness about them and then like you have those people that actually do have that thing and they're just like, nah, I really just wish I was normal, like you could, you could have this, like someone take this from you, like it's probably, it's not as cool as like you think it is, but
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: grass is always greener. Like we so need please. Was it? Yeah. So are you in school or like what?
SPEAKER_L: no, I graduated um two yeah, two years ago now um and I was doing, I was living in new york um doing
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: a paid internship and then like everything, the world kind of like exploded and things got like super crazy up there. So like, I was like, you know what, I think I'm gonna dip out like now it's not, I can go back like home
SPEAKER_R: As
SPEAKER_L: back
SPEAKER_R: somewhere
SPEAKER_L: to florida,
SPEAKER_R: safer?
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: so I mean objectively I went from somewhere safer to a more dangerous place. But I mean the
SPEAKER_R: Who left?
SPEAKER_L: thing is that like, you have more control down here, like just because like obviously it's not nearly as dense as like new york's like you're like there, you almost have no choice like even if you just leave to go for a walk like you know you're probably gonna pass like at least several different people that are like within like a six ft range of you. Whereas like over here like you know I can get up early in the morning and like go for Iran and like you know pretty much know that I won't have to worry about like anyone like in my neighborhood like you know being
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: out at the same time or anything like that. So it kind of gives me like more of like a peace of mind.
SPEAKER_R: Do you live like suburbs or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's like pretty suburban. I mean it's like I'm like 15 minutes outside like Orlando City limits so it's like not as like dense as you would expect. So there's like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: a lot of like greenery and stuff like that. Right?
SPEAKER_R: What were you what was the internship in new york? Like
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: was,
SPEAKER_R: mary?
SPEAKER_L: it was for an NGO, it was called the independent diplomat. Um I studied economics and international business in college. Um So the, it was basically just like I was interning and helping you know
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: the main guy, I mean I guess you could say and we were just like connecting with like a lot of different Ngos like all over the globe and like helping them like do like fundraising and like doing business like analytics for them and just things like that.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, it was pretty cool. I was enjoying it a lot and I still had like a few months left. But I mean understand understandably like you know everything had to had to get shut down the way that it did. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It just sucks knowing that like if we had done things like properly like a really country, we'd be much.
SPEAKER_L: Like you literally like read the news like in like Korea they're just like normal like nothing even happened because they actually just like took it seriously and like we're still over here just like my freedom, my right to not wear a mask. It's like, dude just put the mask
SPEAKER_R: Like everyone
SPEAKER_L: on like
SPEAKER_R: else,
SPEAKER_L: just stop like you don't look weird with the mask on like no one is judging you for wearing the mask. Like it's not hard, you're not gonna die like.
SPEAKER_R: You can breathe. Believe me.
SPEAKER_L: you can you can breathe. In fact that is for
SPEAKER_R: I that's the dumbest thing ever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know. It's I've been like really like down on just this whole like country especially because like I mean I was before this to, you know with the way like the past few years have gone like and our current administration and stuff like that. But I mean like singing like this has like really like kind of made me like pessimistic like before I would consider myself like an optimist like you know like like like I think about like bigger things too. Like I think about like you know if we can't even like if in one of the biggest countries on earth we can't even control like a pandemic. You know, how are we going to stop like the threat of like global warming or like you know, how are we going to tackle like these issues that are like even bigger that are like even more complex. Like it just seems impossible honestly. Because we can't even you know, we can't even get our shit together basically for like one thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean that's the worst part is that we don't even try, you don't even want to, you know? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But I mean I think it's a big part of it is just because we've become so like we become so polarized politically. You know? It's like you can't nothing can happen anymore without it. Like immediately being viewed through a political lens in the moment. Like you view it through a political lens like it becomes like, you know, because we have a two party system is automatically like this side versus that side. And it's like, you know when you're in the competition with a competition with someone, it's like you can't win unless the other side loses and it just like makes people act like Children. I feel like.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, that's what's crazy though about a lot of our political issues right now, is that most of the country actually agrees like there's a majority agreement of 75 80%. It's our it's our government itself, it's like we're not gonna listen to you by the NRA so we're good.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. Yeah. That's then alright. That's like a trigger word for me. I start to hear that I'm just like,
SPEAKER_R: Especially
SPEAKER_L: it's like
SPEAKER_R: part
SPEAKER_L: I tensed
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: up a little bit, you know? Yeah, because we've definitely had like something like the more notable like shootings from like the past couple of years. Um
SPEAKER_R: I'm honestly terrified to go to your state partly because of that.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I don't blame you definitely if you come definitely be mentally on the look out, you know what I mean? Like things, things are liable to go south at any moment, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Gosh.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: It's care.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, the shootings crazy. Especially the one that hit me really hard was at the Pulse nightclub because that's only like 20 minutes from where
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I live right now. And like, I know people are like used to work there and like used to go there a lot and it's just like, I mean thankfully like I didn't like personally lose anybody like that night that I know of, but like, I mean it's just so crazy that something like that could even happen, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's yeah that's insane, particularly close to you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I'm sure that, you know, there's so many people around the country that have similar stories of just like,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I saw like one crazy stat where it was like, I don't even remember, it was like, there's like, there hasn't been more than like five days in a row or something over the past few years that there hasn't been like a school shooting or something. Like, we can't even go like a few days as a country without like, shots being fired in a school zone. Like, you know, this is where like, we have kids for education, like, like, it should be like the most like sake one of the most sacred places, right? And we've like, we basically allowed it to like turn into like, am I going to go to school this morning and get an education? Am I gonna get shot in the face? Like, who really knows? It's just like, that's such a terrible feeling to have, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: you don't have to worry about your Children not coming home from school because
SPEAKER_L: That's supposed to be like the safe place, like, so like they're in school like I know where they're at like you know they can be accounted for and it's just like you almost rather they were like out in the streets like on their own because like they feel like they're less likely to get shot like just hanging out on the street. You know what I mean? Like? But
SPEAKER_R: and I saw something that said like after columbine a bunch of schools started bringing in like officer security guards and one of the schools and they literally haven't stopped a single school shooting and it's just a bunch of minority Children have been like jailed and eventually arrested for like regular uh behavioral issues that aren't crimes. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean there was that, I don't know if you saw that video from like a couple of weeks ago to where there was like a school officer or whatever who was like basically like beating up this like Like 11 year old girl like saying like oh you need to be like apprehended like you're acting crazy and so like dude what are you doing? Like this is like a kid like stop
SPEAKER_R: what's that? Is that I don't even know which video talking about because I can think of like four separately.
SPEAKER_L: Like you don't even, you don't even know but like you know that you've seen that or you've seen something so close to it that it doesn't even matter. I mean the whole, you know the whole thing, it's just crazy. I mean this whole, I mean it's so cliche to say at this point, but like this whole year has just been like such like and it's not even, we're barely even like over the halfway point. You know what
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I mean?
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: Like I'm almost like scared to think of like some of the things that you know have yet to happen or like could be happening soon.
SPEAKER_R: Well it's gonna be a long time recovery to from everything that's happened the last year for years, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Exactly. I mean that's also, you know, knock on wood assuming that we don't have another four years in store. I mean that's like that's the biggest like fear that I have right now is like, dude,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: we have to get this guy out of the white house like
SPEAKER_R: I know I have to like not think about it because it just gets me like so upset. You know, I have to just like take
SPEAKER_L: I mean the thing is like, you almost can't I mean almost think that like, and I'm assuming whoever is going to be like studying these conversations is going to like figure out like, you know, we're just two strangers having a conversation and this entire time, like we pretty much haven't talked about anything that's like not like political or like covid related. It's just like I think that just speaks to like where like the global like mindset is right now, like it's really hard for I think anyone to be thinking about like, you know, more positive things. They're just like some of their more normal activities because you know, we have so much stuff going on right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There's so much actual serious stuff that has very
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: real and negative effects right now that it's hard to let's talk about something, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Well, let's talk about
SPEAKER_R: Brooklyn.
SPEAKER_L: like sports or like, you know what I mean? It's like, I mean, I would I would love to be like talking about sports with my friends
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: right now, But
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: it's like, it's like, I don't know that, you know, I can't I haven't even really thought about it ever since. Like all the sports like stops because it's just, you know, it's been so
SPEAKER_R: Although
SPEAKER_L: nonstop,
SPEAKER_R: it upsets me, they're trying to push for them to come back. I mean that's not safe like it's so stupid. I love sports, I'm dying for them to come back. But my number one concern is safety, like no risking their lives for a fucking baseball game or hockey game like.
SPEAKER_L: And then it's another thing too, is like, there's like so many of these leagues are trying to restart in florida, like in one of the worst places that you could be in right now. Like why don't we someone should have built like
SPEAKER_R: Hey?
SPEAKER_L: an area like in the desert or something that I mean
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: where you could like actually like isolate people
SPEAKER_R: Seriously?
SPEAKER_L: the like they're just going to be in the middle of like one of the biggest hotspots in the entire world. It's just it feels like inevitable
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. With the governor who's like, we're fine.
SPEAKER_L: fucking governor man. I mean, our governor, that's the thing too, is like our governor is like, he's so dumb because he just, his entire objective is just to look good for trump. He's like,
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: I just want trump like anything trump says like absolutely will support it, like he just basically wants to score like brownie points with him,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: and I'm just
SPEAKER_R: pathetic.
SPEAKER_L: like like dude, I feel like trump is so like mentally like Sina, like he probably doesn't even know who you are,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you're you're one of the governors of like in our country, but you probably like you probably even know your name, like who knows what this man is thinking about right now, because it's definitely not like you know the state of the country, because if it was,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I mean he would be doing things differently. But
SPEAKER_R: only cares about golfing and
SPEAKER_L: oh my God, golf, I feel like he's like one of the reasons why like I hate that sport now, like I just like associate golfing with like trump and just like oh like rich white people that like hate everyone. Just like man.
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: Which sucked
SPEAKER_R: for that.
SPEAKER_L: is like there's like actual like respectable golfers of course like you know I mean? But like it's just a sport like anything else. But I feel like it's just like attracts like one of the worst like crowds, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's funny. I think I've definitely grown to dislike it more than I used to. So that my
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. I kind of used to be a fan like back when like Tiger Woods was like winning like all the majors and stuff like that, but now I'm just like no it's good to get out of here. Stop
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: golf.
SPEAKER_R: I have an automatic negative connection with it now, that's for sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah for sure you say you're into sports like what's your what's your favorite sport?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, hockey is my favorite. Yeah. Hockey
SPEAKER_L: let's
SPEAKER_R: even I'd say.
SPEAKER_L: okay, hockey is like like one of the few sports, I don't know like really anything about I mean like I know about it but like I don't follow it like that, but I kind of felt like basketball is my sport, but I kind of make a point to like follow most of the major sports.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Not I used to follow football but with Kaepernick and the Washington's domestic
SPEAKER_L: Well, they're
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: supposedly they're changing the name. I don't know if you heard that supposedly.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, you know, they set them up like four times and every time they're like, no, it's fine. You're like, no, it's it's not everyone like it's so infuriating because this keeps coming up and like, you know, every time you get hopeful and then nothing happens and then people continue to use it and I find it incredibly offensive, you know? And so it's just like uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I feel you on that, but I think we have reached our time according to my timer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good, good.
SPEAKER_L: All right. It was
SPEAKER_R: I was on my side.
SPEAKER_L: It's a pleasure talking to you. Do you wait do you know if we have to like do it like can we just close the tab or do
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: think we can close
SPEAKER_L: don't?
SPEAKER_R: this one and let's go back together when we had open.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Sounds good. All
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: Take care.
SPEAKER_R: bye.