Good. How are you?
Mr
I'm just saying.
Uh huh. Your mid sentence and you just closed
all this?
That's
that's right. You gotta know your worth. Right.
Nice to meet you, Where are you from?
I'm in California in L. A.
Um since covid actually I was like, I need to find ways to, you know, kind of uh add to my income here, so. Yeah.
I do m turk here there, but this one is way better. So I really just, this is primarily the one I use.
Why
is that?
you know how much time though?
Yeah, I just get tired of it, like doing, I'm sure going to be like oh 10 cents for like however many minutes, and I was like oh it's driving me crazy, so
no,
I did.
What?
No.
I know, that's what I did. After a while I was doing some of the smaller ones and I was like no way. And then I was like just sorting and like I'm only doing like the top that give adequate. Yeah.
Uh Well I still actually have my job but costs have increased because like I used to be able to get like snacks at work and like, you know, obviously I wasn't using as much of my utilities because I wasn't home most of the day and now my grocery bill has increased and I'm using utilities like crazy so it's like okay, things are getting a bit tight, so Yeah,
I
know.
I know. I'm so angry at my state though, it's like we did a good job at first and I was like, ok, okay, we're not stupid and then they just went stupid and
I.
I know. I feel like that's the norm in florida. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah, there's a radio station on your called karaoke and they do like this one um little like portion where it's like stories in florida and it's always like something crazy because that's just
cropping
Like
you got it right,
Only once um to go to like Epcot? Not
know?
Yeah, I feel like there has to be even if what you say is true, I still feel like maybe there's still a little crazier than the rest.
good.
I think you guys having aligators helps to, with the craziness. I mean that's that's a whole other yeah. Mhm.
Two
I
guess.
Yeah, that's bananas. Oh man. Yeah.
I thought it was like gay me, you know.
How did you go, how did you get about eating it?
interesting.
You
never know. Especially in your statement. Yeah.
Why is that?
No.
You're
thinking vegan and engineering is vegan is so much more strict.
Yeah. I mean it's like queen smoking, you know, it's like probably a little too hard to go vegan right away, but I
never like I'm a really picky eater. So like to just eat a vegan diet. I think I'd starve to death, literally. So.
Yeah. No, it's it's very visceral for me. Like I'm really sensitive with textures, so like I just, I like there's certain
things
I just cannot eat.
So yes.
Yeah, I've heard of that and I've had people tell me that I might be um like there was this one test where I could taste like bitter and other people, but it or something like that. So they're like, oh, maybe, but I really have no idea.
disappointing. I mean if there's an Aaron onion in my food, I will find it and so I don't know.
Mhm.
Yeah.
There's a lot of different forms. Yeah.
awful.
Get away from her classmates had one form of it. It's pretty interesting, but yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know, some forms though. Like people are bothered by it because it's distracting or it's limited.
Like
the
grass is always greener. Like we so need please. Was it? Yeah. So are you in school or like what?
No.
As
somewhere
safer?
All
Who left?
Because
Do you live like suburbs or?
What?
What were you what was the internship in new york? Like
what
mary?
so
that's
Yeah. It just sucks knowing that like if we had done things like properly like a really country, we'd be much.
Like everyone
else,
You can breathe. Believe me.
I that's the dumbest thing ever.
Yeah. I mean that's the worst part is that we don't even try, you don't even want to, you know? Mhm.
Yeah. Well, that's what's crazy though about a lot of our political issues right now, is that most of the country actually agrees like there's a majority agreement of 75 80%. It's our it's our government itself, it's like we're not gonna listen to you by the NRA so we're good.
Especially
part
out.
I'm honestly terrified to go to your state partly because of that.
Gosh.
It's care.
No.
Yeah that's yeah that's insane, particularly close to you. Yeah.
No.
you don't have to worry about your Children not coming home from school because
and I saw something that said like after columbine a bunch of schools started bringing in like officer security guards and one of the schools and they literally haven't stopped a single school shooting and it's just a bunch of minority Children have been like jailed and eventually arrested for like regular uh behavioral issues that aren't crimes. Mm.
what's that? Is that I don't even know which video talking about because I can think of like four separately.
I
know.
Well it's gonna be a long time recovery to from everything that's happened the last year for years, you know?
and
I know I have to like not think about it because it just gets me like so upset. You know, I have to just like take
Yeah. There's so much actual serious stuff that has very
real and negative effects right now that it's hard to let's talk about something, you know,
Brooklyn.
Thank
you.
Although
it upsets me, they're trying to push for them to come back. I mean that's not safe like it's so stupid. I love sports, I'm dying for them to come back. But my number one concern is safety, like no risking their lives for a fucking baseball game or hockey game like.
Hey?
No.
Seriously?
Yeah. With the governor who's like, we're fine.
Nothing.
So
pathetic.
No.
that's
only cares about golfing and
It's
for that.
Yeah. That's funny. I think I've definitely grown to dislike it more than I used to. So that my
I know
I have an automatic negative connection with it now, that's for sure. Yeah.
Yeah, hockey is my favorite. Yeah. Hockey
even I'd say.
Yeah. Not I used to follow football but with Kaepernick and the Washington's domestic
back.
I mean, you know, they set them up like four times and every time they're like, no, it's fine. You're like, no, it's it's not everyone like it's so infuriating because this keeps coming up and like, you know, every time you get hopeful and then nothing happens and then people continue to use it and I find it incredibly offensive, you know? And so it's just like uh huh.
Yeah. Good, good.
I was on my side.
I
think we can close
this one and let's go back together when we had open.
All right,
bye.