Okay. Mhm. Shot my family. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Why isn't this weird? It's like flipped. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Hey, how you doing?
I'm good.
Let me start my time. Yeah,
Located. The first thing I thought to myself, it was like, Oh, you have to talk for at least 25. I'm like, all right. When I hit the 25 and then I getting anything above 25.
I mean the way I look at it is like we're obviously going to be delivering such a high quality conversation,
you know? So it's just like, why would I not want to get paid for every, every priceless second that we can get
these people?
But I'm nick it's nice to meet you.
I'm from Orlando florida. How about you?
Nice. So how did you like find this survey? I guess? Like what brought you to do this?
So it's prolific. Like the only platform that you do or do you do like other things.
Yeah, I do, I do in Turkey as well. It's funny because I actually think I'm Turkey is better than prolific.
Yeah. The thing,
I mean the thing about mturk is it's harder to use it, but like in my opinion, once you know how to use it, you can definitely make more money on them turk. Like I'd say I make about $40 a day on mturk, which is like a lot, which is a lot more than like what I do on here.
It definitely takes me probably like five or six hours somewhere around there. But I mean, I don't I don't really have like too much going on right now, so I mean but Yeah.
Yeah, I mean the thing I use um do you know about like the scripts or like the extensions that you can use?
No,
you should look into it. There's one that I use. It's called, it's called like mturk or sweet or like mturk or sweet, something like that. Um And it basically like it replaces like the normal like list that you have of like the hits or whatever um with like a different one that's like it's like more customizable. And like the whole idea is that like you can select hits that have already been taken. And you can like it like repeatedly
to like make your computer repeatedly refresh those hits. So that like if someone who has it like claimed if they release it, you will be like the first person to get it because
it's like it's like way faster than like what any like manual person could do. So I just like I just like use a strategy like that and I only like do hits that are like a dollar or above bird.
for sure. But so what were you doing before all this all this stuff happened? Like what was your employment?
I mean, but we're like in two of like the worst states right now
for
for the pandemic, which is it's kind of crazy.
Yeah. You guys are like killing it at first
and they see the thing about here is that we were just terrible like from the very start. So it's like I don't even feel any kind of way right now. I'm just like, you know, it's florida man. Like people are going to do crazy stuff out here.
I feel like everyone knows about like the florida man, like the florida man memes because
yeah, I mean we're definitely crazy. But I did read one time that like part of the reason why you hear more stories like that about florida than like the other states is because apparently there's like some weird law here where like news outlets or whatever are able to report more freely on like some of these like crazy things, like they're, they have like access to like arrest records that normally like in other states, there's like laws preventing you from like reporting on it. So apparently it's just like, it's a thing where it's like the information is more accessible here,
so it gets reported on more and then it gets picked up more like in like the national media. So, I mean, you know, maybe we're not as crazy, you know, I just, you know, sometimes I tell that to myself just to make me feel better.
But I mean,
I mean, honestly, I kind of just embrace it too at the same point, like, you definitely, have you ever been to florida before, or?
But Yeah,
I've been I've been living here all my life 25 years and I've I've definitely seen some pretty crazy stuff. So um there's definitely some truth to it, but
I mean I think a big part of it has to do with like the heat. Honestly, like I think um because I think there was like some studies that they did on that one time they were like examining like the crime rate and I think it was in new york and they like theorize that like a big reason why um crime rates have dropped so drastically in like the last 20 to 30 years um has been like, it's, I mean obviously it's like a huge like confluence of like a lot of different factors, but like part of it was that like the proliferation of just like, like air conditioning and stuff like that has kept people like out of the heat and like he like naturally like turns up like the aggression in people and makes them more likely to like acting reckless ways. And apparently there was like something about like, like some like oil like and lead or something like that that had like something to do with it as well. Like the lead and oil was like making people act crazy. I don't know. It was kind of like vaguely read it. But yeah, that's um, that's my scientific knowledge for, for the
night I guess.
I mean one thing everyone in florida seen before is uh, an alligator just like crossing the street like randomly.
I feel like everyone I've talked to is like had a story like that before and like it's just like normal, just kind of like shrug and they're just like, I don't send whatever.
Maybe
it's like maybe it's someone's pet.
I've actually eaten alligator before. It's pretty, it's pretty tasty actually. You'd be surprised.
I mean it is a little gamey, but like it also kind of just tastes like chicken. So it's kind of like a little more game here version of chicken.
Um It was just, I was in Miami for the weekend and there was like this like stand on the side of the road that was like advertising it. It's like not that uncommon, like it's not like you just go to like a normal restaurant or whatever, like a chain and they're going to have an alligator to like go to like, you know, sort of like a more backwoods, you need type area or like a more like um, like a local restaurant. Um You might be like more likely to like find it. It's like a novelty thing I think. You
know, I don't think anyone is like out there like, you know, surviving or eating alligator all the time.
But
mean, I'm trying to get away from eating meat in general though. So I mean, hopefully hopefully I can do that.
I don't know to be honest. Like, I mean, I mean a big part of it for me is definitely the environmental reasons and like I definitely um I don't really support like factory farming I guess. So like that's like a big part of the reason. But also recently I've just been like kind of like appalled by like eating me. It's like super weird because I've always been like meat or like my whole life like, you know, I love like chicken, like, you know, steak, like whatever, like I'll eat it. But for some reason like lately it's just been like super like grossed out by almost like I've been like having to like force myself but
at the same time like I don't really know like enough about like going vegan or like vegetarian I guess. So. I kind of feel like I'm stuck in like a little bit of like a weird place right now.
But
yeah, vegans a lot more strict. I mean, I don't know, I mean part of it kind of wants to do it just to like go like all the way, you know what I mean? But like I feel like from a more like practical standpoint like it probably makes more sense to like go vegetarian first, you know?
Right. I mean,
Okay. Yeah. I used to, I used to be a really picky eater too when I was like a like a kid, I wouldn't like anything, it would just be like the most basic like pizza, like chicken nuggets. Like anything like green, anything like that was like a fruit. I was just like, no, I get that away from me, but I kind of like just like when I got older I just kind of was like all right, like you stop being like a baby about this and just kind of like start trying to eat some more stuff and it kind of worked out. So I mean, I don't know.
it's
good.
My gosh,
you ever have you ever done that? Like have you ever heard of it? Like some people are like super tasters or whatever?
Yeah, I don't know. I mean I thought I used to think I was like that too, but I think I'm probably just normal. Like I I kind of want to be like special, like, oh, I'm part of the like the like, point whatever percent that like, like no, I'm not really, I'm probably just an average guy.
Yeah, I feel you on that. I feel you on that. Um
Yeah,
there was another condition to like when I was younger, like I super desperately like wanted to convince myself, I don't know if you ever heard of it, It's called like um synesthesia where it's like, you see the colors or whatever, like
Yeah, but like I super was just like, oh my God, that would be like the coolest thing, like, and I'm like, I was like, I remember one time I was like, I was like a lot younger, I was telling myself like, yeah, like sometimes when you read this
like you can definitely see it. Like you just got to like concentrate, like close your eyes like, you know what man? You're just that's not you. Like it would be cool if it was you, but you know, sometimes you just got to accept accept the hand you've been dealt. Um
I don't know. I feel like it would be like super cool. Like you're just like this mysterious dude playing the piano. You got your like your eyes close, your just seeing like explosions of like color and like, like all this other stuff. But no.
Right. Right. I could definitely see that too. Like that's that's the funny thing about life. Like so many people want like to be like a certain way or like they want to have like a certain uniqueness about them and then like you have those people that actually do have that thing and they're just like, nah, I really just wish I was normal, like you could, you could have this, like someone take this from you, like it's probably, it's not as cool as like you think it is, but
you
know.
no, I graduated um two yeah, two years ago now um and I was doing, I was living in new york um doing
a paid internship and then like everything, the world kind of like exploded and things got like super crazy up there. So like, I was like, you know what, I think I'm gonna dip out like now it's not, I can go back like home
back
to florida,
I mean,
so I mean objectively I went from somewhere safer to a more dangerous place. But I mean the
thing is that like, you have more control down here, like just because like obviously it's not nearly as dense as like new york's like you're like there, you almost have no choice like even if you just leave to go for a walk like you know you're probably gonna pass like at least several different people that are like within like a six ft range of you. Whereas like over here like you know I can get up early in the morning and like go for Iran and like you know pretty much know that I won't have to worry about like anyone like in my neighborhood like you know being
out at the same time or anything like that. So it kind of gives me like more of like a peace of mind.
Yeah it's like pretty suburban. I mean it's like I'm like 15 minutes outside like Orlando City limits so it's like not as like dense as you would expect. So there's like
a lot of like greenery and stuff like that. Right?
It
was,
it was for an NGO, it was called the independent diplomat. Um I studied economics and international business in college. Um So the, it was basically just like I was interning and helping you know
the main guy, I mean I guess you could say and we were just like connecting with like a lot of different Ngos like all over the globe and like helping them like do like fundraising and like doing business like analytics for them and just things like that.
And yeah, it was pretty cool. I was enjoying it a lot and I still had like a few months left. But I mean understand understandably like you know everything had to had to get shut down the way that it did. So
Like you literally like read the news like in like Korea they're just like normal like nothing even happened because they actually just like took it seriously and like we're still over here just like my freedom, my right to not wear a mask. It's like, dude just put the mask
on like
just stop like you don't look weird with the mask on like no one is judging you for wearing the mask. Like it's not hard, you're not gonna die like.
you can you can breathe. In fact that is for
Yeah, I don't know. It's I've been like really like down on just this whole like country especially because like I mean I was before this to, you know with the way like the past few years have gone like and our current administration and stuff like that. But I mean like singing like this has like really like kind of made me like pessimistic like before I would consider myself like an optimist like you know like like like I think about like bigger things too. Like I think about like you know if we can't even like if in one of the biggest countries on earth we can't even control like a pandemic. You know, how are we going to stop like the threat of like global warming or like you know, how are we going to tackle like these issues that are like even bigger that are like even more complex. Like it just seems impossible honestly. Because we can't even you know, we can't even get our shit together basically for like one thing.
But I mean I think it's a big part of it is just because we've become so like we become so polarized politically. You know? It's like you can't nothing can happen anymore without it. Like immediately being viewed through a political lens in the moment. Like you view it through a political lens like it becomes like, you know, because we have a two party system is automatically like this side versus that side. And it's like, you know when you're in the competition with a competition with someone, it's like you can't win unless the other side loses and it just like makes people act like Children. I feel like.
Oh my God. Yeah. That's then alright. That's like a trigger word for me. I start to hear that I'm just like,
it's like
I tensed
up a little bit, you know? Yeah, because we've definitely had like something like the more notable like shootings from like the past couple of years. Um
I mean I don't blame you definitely if you come definitely be mentally on the look out, you know what I mean? Like things, things are liable to go south at any moment, you know?
But
yeah, yeah, the shootings crazy. Especially the one that hit me really hard was at the Pulse nightclub because that's only like 20 minutes from where
I live right now. And like, I know people are like used to work there and like used to go there a lot and it's just like, I mean thankfully like I didn't like personally lose anybody like that night that I know of, but like, I mean it's just so crazy that something like that could even happen, you know?
I mean, I'm sure that, you know, there's so many people around the country that have similar stories of just like,
I mean, I saw like one crazy stat where it was like, I don't even remember, it was like, there's like, there hasn't been more than like five days in a row or something over the past few years that there hasn't been like a school shooting or something. Like, we can't even go like a few days as a country without like, shots being fired in a school zone. Like, you know, this is where like, we have kids for education, like, like, it should be like the most like sake one of the most sacred places, right? And we've like, we basically allowed it to like turn into like, am I going to go to school this morning and get an education? Am I gonna get shot in the face? Like, who really knows? It's just like, that's such a terrible feeling to have, you know what I mean?
That's supposed to be like the safe place, like, so like they're in school like I know where they're at like you know they can be accounted for and it's just like you almost rather they were like out in the streets like on their own because like they feel like they're less likely to get shot like just hanging out on the street. You know what I mean? Like? But
I mean there was that, I don't know if you saw that video from like a couple of weeks ago to where there was like a school officer or whatever who was like basically like beating up this like Like 11 year old girl like saying like oh you need to be like apprehended like you're acting crazy and so like dude what are you doing? Like this is like a kid like stop
Like you don't even, you don't even know but like you know that you've seen that or you've seen something so close to it that it doesn't even matter. I mean the whole, you know the whole thing, it's just crazy. I mean this whole, I mean it's so cliche to say at this point, but like this whole year has just been like such like and it's not even, we're barely even like over the halfway point. You know what
I mean?
Like I'm almost like scared to think of like some of the things that you know have yet to happen or like could be happening soon.
Right. Exactly. I mean that's also, you know, knock on wood assuming that we don't have another four years in store. I mean that's like that's the biggest like fear that I have right now is like, dude,
we have to get this guy out of the white house like
I mean the thing is like, you almost can't I mean almost think that like, and I'm assuming whoever is going to be like studying these conversations is going to like figure out like, you know, we're just two strangers having a conversation and this entire time, like we pretty much haven't talked about anything that's like not like political or like covid related. It's just like I think that just speaks to like where like the global like mindset is right now, like it's really hard for I think anyone to be thinking about like, you know, more positive things. They're just like some of their more normal activities because you know, we have so much stuff going on right now.
All
Well, let's talk about
like sports or like, you know what I mean? It's like, I mean, I would I would love to be like talking about sports with my friends
right now, But
it's like, it's like, I don't know that, you know, I can't I haven't even really thought about it ever since. Like all the sports like stops because it's just, you know, it's been so
nonstop,
And then it's another thing too, is like, there's like so many of these leagues are trying to restart in florida, like in one of the worst places that you could be in right now. Like why don't we someone should have built like
an area like in the desert or something that I mean
where you could like actually like isolate people
the like they're just going to be in the middle of like one of the biggest hotspots in the entire world. It's just it feels like inevitable
fucking governor man. I mean, our governor, that's the thing too, is like our governor is like, he's so dumb because he just, his entire objective is just to look good for trump. He's like,
I just want trump like anything trump says like absolutely will support it, like he just basically wants to score like brownie points with him,
and I'm just
like like dude, I feel like trump is so like mentally like Sina, like he probably doesn't even know who you are,
you're you're one of the governors of like in our country, but you probably like you probably even know your name, like who knows what this man is thinking about right now, because it's definitely not like you know the state of the country, because if it was,
I mean he would be doing things differently. But
oh my God, golf, I feel like he's like one of the reasons why like I hate that sport now, like I just like associate golfing with like trump and just like oh like rich white people that like hate everyone. Just like man.
Which sucked
is like there's like actual like respectable golfers of course like you know I mean? But like it's just a sport like anything else. But I feel like it's just like attracts like one of the worst like crowds, you know?
Exactly. I kind of used to be a fan like back when like Tiger Woods was like winning like all the majors and stuff like that, but now I'm just like no it's good to get out of here. Stop
golf.
Yeah for sure you say you're into sports like what's your what's your favorite sport?
let's
okay, hockey is like like one of the few sports, I don't know like really anything about I mean like I know about it but like I don't follow it like that, but I kind of felt like basketball is my sport, but I kind of make a point to like follow most of the major sports.
Well, they're
supposedly they're changing the name. I don't know if you heard that supposedly.
I feel you on that, but I think we have reached our time according to my timer.
All right. It was
It's a pleasure talking to you. Do you wait do you know if we have to like do it like can we just close the tab or do
we
don't?
All right. Sounds good. All
Take care.