Oh man. Yeah. Yeah I know. Mhm. Right. I don't know. We can we can we can either make up stuff to talk about or we have a pre set questions and topics. Probably the preset. I highly doubt, I highly doubt we have a lot in common. So I don't know you can't see him until we start to think. What if I meet my soulmate off a prolific survey. Okay so it says it says I'm supposed to just sit here until somebody shows up at least five minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Well that's Toxie. Okay I guess I gotta wait until 3 50 see if somebody shows up. But look look what else I found two. Dude it goes up to 40 miles as a 40 40 megahertz goes up to 32 MPH. Thank you. If the conversation, if the conversation comes up I have to talk about. Yeah. No bro, I'm of age. Mhm. Right. Got a football. Right. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. No way bro. I opened I opened a cabinet under me and look I found a controller. I also found some matches in a Rubik's cube. We're not a cube circle, ruby circle. Oh Mhm. Mhm wow. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm I'm just gonna go through all these cabinets and drawers will sit here. I found my old my my old razor cracking pro dude, Well they're still in here. Yeah bro, I'm pretty sure they still work. He's never broke. These. Still work just fine. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, you want to see some real cool dude, look this is a bucket of rocks that I got when I was like 10. Well they're like crystallized rocks. Uh huh Okay, I've got a handmade chessboard by my brother that's in prison. She well sit down there. Some air soft bullets. A baseball mm hmm. Go should I wear these? Dude? I'm gonna wear these. Mhm. I don't know. It's probably just going to pop up because this is some like better, better conversation. Hiroko app. The moustache keeps getting in my mouth. Yeah, I know. That's why I gotta wait till 3 15 before I can leave. I've got the halo online. I've got spongebob monopoly. I've got a Black Ops few thing that I got at the midnight release. It's full of planes. I got a can of Lysol disinfectant spray. Sure, I take the thing off. Mhm. Boy, what's
up dude?
Yeah, dude, I'm glad it worked out. What do you have to man?
Yeah, dude, just randomly talking to somebody on a video chat for 25 minutes. Getting paid for it.
Their their money's money in my mind.
I mean it's helping people out to write, I don't remember where the studies for, but I'm sure it's a some sort of university some way. Something important
but um what are you what are
you up to man?
What have
what have you done today dude? What's your name? First off? What's your name?
Your name is? Bill. I'm Byron. Yeah
you too man. Yeah
you
do you mind if I ask where you live? Like what state
Illinois? I'm down in texas. So this that's weird but
probably centrally in central but I haven't done anything today. I woke up at like to take a shower, grab some food. Anyway
I was
wondering if anybody is gonna show up Because I got here I I got here at like 3 40 something like earlier and just waited.
they didn't you get the buck 50 for having
to reschedule? That's good. Uh
That means for sure we're gonna get we're gonna get this 15 bucks then So that's good. That's good. Another three is sharing. What do you do in your free time dude? What are your hobbies? Yeah.
Hell
man. Um I play a lot of video again. That's pretty much all I do. I used to have my guitar hanging up on the wall behind me but it's not there, you can see the hook from it though but I just recently moved around a bit so all my guitars on the other side of the room. But I play guitar, I play bass, I play drums um and then play video games. That's pretty much all I do.
Hey
you
can still play it man, that's what matters. Uh My my cameras on a laptop, I actually I just built myself a computer a couple weeks ago but I can't show it. I put about $1700 into it. I just got a new monitor, drop $500 on a two K. Monitor at 165 hertz. It's
insane man having be able to play games and like super ultra nightmare settings at 165 frames a second. Man. It's life changing dude. It's
it's
sick. It's so it's so much fun now that I can, it's different, you know, doing that in your own home than going somewhere where there's already one made like. Yeah, it's fun. But you said you said you like red Dead and you play any other like online games.
that that kind of sucks honestly I'd be miserable without an internet connection right now.
I know that
just
so you can see the, see what the hood looks like. That's
what
area
is actually.
So
it's
like hardcore mode when you don't even know it's hardcore mode. That's hilarious. I've been playing through doing maternal. I don't know if you've if you've played Doom 2016 or the new one, but
they're
they're sick. Yeah. Yeah. The newest one. I'm almost done with it. I've gotten pretty far. I've been having fun on it. On the, on the new minded. I wait until my new monitor got in before I played it so
I could enjoy
it at
the top two. Yeah. Bit of a just normal monitor, man. I want to pick up my laptop
and show it, but I'm afraid everything's just gonna break. If I do like, I don't want to disconnect or anything. It's
great. We got we got 25 minutes. I'll try it. Why not? My room is a disaster. So that'll
be fun
to show too. No, they weren't my mike. That's my
setup.
All right. My mic fell on the ground so sorry about that loud noise.
so
your video actually just cut out.
Yeah. I still I have the audio and everything but you're just like a little man. This is this is what you look like. Uh
So you can see yourself in the corner up. You just snap. Pop back up. There you go.
Hell yeah man.
It's
man. I've got a uh I've gotta martin. I've got my little sister borrow it and she she took it to school for show and tell because it was my grandfather's when he passed away I got it and she completely broke the neck of it off. And it's like it's not even that gets up at the very top, like right where the neck meets the tail of it so it's un repairable.
It's
it's sad. It's so
sad
But I've still got a few others their way over across the room. I don't really want to go grab.
yeah, that's what I've got. I've got it and the broken part both over there. The strings are just limped over into the, into the guitar itself. So it's a sad sight to see.
I
don't even remember what brand my first guitar as it was. It was one of the junior sizes. I started when I was really young and it's it's baby blue and I still got it. It still works just fine. It's probably out of tune, but it's sitting over there too. And then I got I got an electric fender, then I got a Ivan's bass guitar and then I got both of my grandparents guitars. But like that one is broken. And then I have an electric Gibson as well.
I have no clue. I'll go grab it once. I You're Yeah, yeah. It's not a Gibson. It's a schecter. But check your diamond series. Oh
yeah, for sure. It's got all the whole set up down there.
Haven't really played it much. I kind of got it after I stopped playing when he passed away. So like you said, sentimental values. Always nice. So
I'm
definitely
gonna hold on to
it.
exactly.
Are
you
you playing left handed?
you just discuss.
Great.
This one's just got to block pickups, so Yeah.
All
I
like the girl that. Uh
I never
got super into the electric side. I always played mostly acoustic, but for a little bit I tried to play electric. I tried to teach myself some more of like the heavier rock, you know, messing with the all the fun pedals and stuff. But I never really got super into it enough to actually like pursue it. Your
video
cut out again.
I can still hear you.
it's probably just the upload speed on your side. Like the like you said your bandwidth is getting cut. So that'd be my guess. Yeah,
I'm sure
you're looking at night
construction.
If you
Mayor,
he's
got
there.
I mean if you do that, you're learning more than one thing at a time. So it's better off I guess.
I got put into lessons when I was like seven or eight. So that's when I started learning, my parents paid for him and at first it was just guitar. Then I learned a little bit of drums. I never got lessons for base, but whenever I moved into middle school I started playing the double bass in the orchestra. And
so that's when I bought myself an electric bass and started messing around with that. And that's probably my favorite thing to play. It's the base.
I have no clue, Charles mingus is
just,
I'm not, I've never been super huge into the jazz, the jazz part of a life. I like,
I like a lot of swing.
I have my uh, my Tarpley's state music right here to uh, whenever I was moving stuff around because I had to set up this laptop over here so I could have a camera. But I've got all my state competition music from high school over here.
yeah, your video came back like two seconds ago. Yeah,
it's
choir,
you
know what keys, As long as you know how to like read, if you're, if you're playing sheet music, you know how to read sheet music, you can play, you can play a bass part off of the guitar, sheet music, you know,
and then and then
you start
adding in your yeah, once you start making it your own, that's that's kind of what the base is about, is making it your own, not not like doing somebody else and stuff, you know, that's what I like about base and and I'm sure jazz and swing and all that good stuff, you get to personalize it even more. No,
that's
the man,
I think
this
is
people,
it
just
didn't work
very
well.
around
there.
yeah and that's why I said I'm making it your own kind of thing. And once you know once you learn your, you know your fits your thirds, your uh your harmonies and stuff and you can just go to town with somebody else. You know, make it your own part. As long like you said, as long as you know the corn the key, your chord pattern, you're gonna be fine. Yeah, yeah, but
I play I know there's another game that I play, you mentioned rhythm earlier and I play a rhythm game called Osu. That's pretty much one of my most played games now and it's just click on beat, move the mass to it. I don't know if you ever heard of it? It's it's insane. It's
a hard game
now.
You're you're good.
No,
you get it.
Did
you ever watch him play one? Whereas like circles, you move the mouse, clicks on the circles to the beat. Did you ever play that one?
You
know your
your audio cut out for a second? All
right, you're back
now.
I don't
I
just
I just bought, I bought an adapter the other day so I can use my, my old we guitar for Guitar Hero on a pc. So it's supposed to come in today, but probably not with all the delays that have been happening. But yeah, man, rhythm games are fun. If you ever want something new to get into a rhythm. Um Sorry, It's a lot, it's a lot of fun.
maybe
it
was just
like
what
we get
as
they
did
but
I'm
very civil.
Oh yeah. I don't think I've heard of that one either.
It
sounds like a horror, a bluegrass horror game.
Like one of those, you know, you make your make your choices and get different endings and stuff like that. Uh I don't, I don't really play those kind of games. And then, so I used, when I was younger, I used to watch a lot of like a lot of Youtubers play those kinds of games, but I never really played on myself.
And
your
and your outcome. Yeah.
I mean I played like, I don't, I played this honor is probably the most influential game where, you know, you get different outcomes based on how many people you kill if you kill anybody at all, that kind of thing. But even then that's probably the most outcome changing game I've played
in recent weeks.
Uh, I guess follow, I don't really fallout four wasn't as much focused on that as like the old fallout because
I did play, I play fallout three fallout, new Vegas followed. Three had a really heavy, you know, rPS effect where your choices mattered. But I forgot about the five and put the fallout game in ages. Man followed
Ford came out, I played it for a few 100 hours and then I just haven't touched them.
you
had a lot of time to do it. I'm sure with this all across all this crap going on. So
I work at a, at sonic drive in, but I got sick this last week, so I haven't been working and
had
to go, uh, we don't know what it was man, I came up negative for the rapid stripping the rapid flu. So I went and got tested for the covid and it came back negative. So
they
said that said there is like a 15% chance that it could have been a false negative. But they told me to just treat it like it was positive. Just stay
home until I don't have any symptoms and then I can go back to work. So, so
I'm
stuck.
Uh Yeah, it's mostly like I get really bad body aches all the way through like my back and my chest and my arms and I get throbbing headaches to the point where I just had to lay down. But aside from that it's not too bad. I got my throat a little bit but that's not that much. Well it makes me wonder if it was a false negative. You know, if this is what it feels like, you know, for somebody who's, you know, relatively healthy. It's not that big of a deal. It's not that bad. Yeah.
The excellent.
Hopefully
please
get,
my mom works at a hospital like, I mean, she she's she's she tells me stories, you know, she's never seen so many people and I see you and and in the er with this many like the same symptoms at the same time. She says scary at the hospital. So I don't know. It's
scary
stuff. She
wasn't allowed to work while I was waiting on my test
results.
Yeah. That's scary. That's really scary. You
just you just on home lockdown then you can't go anywhere. Do you all have cases confirmed in your little town? A
few?
Well, I mean just all it takes is a few. That's what it starts off with. Just a few. Like.
And
in my town I live in a town. I don't think our population is like almost 300,000. I don't remember. But I just remember it started out with three people and one of the people Where was somebody I worked with mom and it just went from three people up to two hundreds and then thousands. It's insane how fast it picks up
in
our cities,
our cities trying to reopen even though we're getting, you know, 100 new cases a day and it's it's great. It's just weird to see.
Help you
move forward.
It's because
We
just
got to figure out what to change to reduce it from spreading. Like either somebody's got to come up with some sort of vaccine or you know, some way to deal with it, some sort of treatment before we can reopen everything. You know, otherwise, you know, old people are gonna keep dying and people are going to keep getting sick and it's just gonna keep going on until something changes. Yeah,
This 1000 thousands of people just all clustered up on a beach, just so excited. I wonder how many people got sick from that. There has to be at least a few people that got sick.
Because you can you can carry the virus and not show symptoms and you can so give it to other people. Like it's just stuff stuff like that. It makes it even scarier whenever you start reopening stuff.
Just some sort of
mask to have on.
I've
got a stack of masks over here and I've
got my bottle of Germ X and everything and for any time I leave my room since since I was sick for a little bit, I would have to put on a mask when everyone downstairs and, you know, hands sanitized my hands just in case I needed to touch anything. But I've been stuck in my room for the past two weeks pretty much. But generally, man, I just miss working and is making money.
That's
that's why I'm that's why I'm doing this. You gotta make a little bit of money. Well yeah, I'm second home.
and
I'm sure right now there's not a lot of advertising being done anyways with everything locked up, right?
now this one I get I get probably three or four a day just throughout the day, and I
don't
do them. Yeah, I just do it whenever I'm bored or if I need money for something, like I just bought a new a new mouse from my computer with a I'm trying to make up for that money. So yeah,
these are these are fun. Yeah.
Yeah. I haven't gotten this is like the first continuation one that I've actually gotten what I did one last night, man, that was for uh first I want to say it was for stanford, but it was a number of numerical reasoning, like it was like a test, and you only had a minute to do each question and the questions were so unbelievably difficult to do in a minute without like having a pen and paper in front of you. But I did my best, they
said any of
the
top 20% the top 20% we get entered in a drawing for a $20 amazon card, so that's why I did it. Yeah,
and then that's
sort of aspect.
Thank
you.
That's that's
what I was hoping for. I was hoping at the end and be like, did you feel like some of these questions where you know, because a couple of the questions, I don't know if they were just like just to make sure that you're actually taking the test, but it would say the answer in the front of the sentence and then it would ask the question and so those are probably just, you know the fillers to make sure you're actually you know, reading and paying attention. But then the other ones where some of them were you know, like really easy like what is the percentage of this from this number? And then I just, you know, put in my phone the calculator. Just get the percentage. And the other ones, I would have to like add 15 numbers together, take the percentage turn into a fraction and get the answer. Like it was insane for a minute.
And
that's
one of those you can't just go too fast and you know, they have like I said, they have those filler questions just to make sure you're paying attention or whatever. So
I'm
there's a lot of I feel like it probably be easy to set up a body to just automatically take these surveys anyway, so that's probably why they have to do stuff like that. But
this is the first one I've had to use a webcam for. I remember signing up saying that I'd be able to if needed. But that was back before I set up this computer. So now I have to sit on my laptop so I have a webcam to use it for. I'm
that's
kind
of sketchy. What
did you end up on some like international presentation?
This one said it's not gonna be sold for anything and it will ask you for consent if they want to use it for anything like that if I remember correctly. So because
I read this one soon
militant
group.
Well
that's
it's good money.
This one This one was they said 25 minutes. Right? This one uh
We're almost we're almost up there now. Have been
20 minutes. That
has been 25. Huh? I'm so sleepy, I can't even do math properly.
Yeah. I like 3 46. 3 47.
That's crazy. This was a lot faster than I thought it was gonna be. I thought I was just gonna be stuck in an awkward conversation with somebody all the time. Yeah,
that was convenient. I was talking to my buddies before started and I was like dude, I hope I don't get like stuck with somebody had nothing in common with and like have
to
use the
have
to use the because it said something about having default questions set up for people if they wanted them, but I never saw those anywhere, but we didn't need them anyway. So it worked out well I guess we disconnect ourselves since we're all over the time limit or uh
well man, it was nice meeting you Bill.
Best
of luck with everything. You
what? Yeah. Thank you man. You have a good one. Okay.