or seven.
I tried to do this two days ago and I waited for a bit, then no one showed up. So glad that someone did.
it's just kind of surreal, right?
I mean, I can do it.
Yeah, sure. You know, I guess if it's furthering science or whatever, that's a little bonus.
No.
So
we're
looking for
I uh that's a good point. I'm Bill, How about you man?
Very nice to meet you, ma'am. Um
Yeah, no, I just got back from walking my dog, so uh came back to the comfort of the air conditioning and uh
you know, here I am.
Um I'm in Illinois
Kind of like the same time zone probably is how they.
No, I'm kind
of
Yeah, well I when I did it the other day, I waited for like 10 minutes. I did the old professor, 10 minute rule and then Bill, but
I got about
So. Yeah.
So yeah, uh I like music, I play my guitar. Um uh like reading writing stories a lot, um cooking and uh like woodworking, building furniture was your like favorite things.
How about you?
it's funny. I uh so kind of in the middle of all this, I got stuck, so I'm in my childhood home because we have a shelter in place extended to the end of the month and I finally got Red Dead Redemption two because I love robert for and uh but I have to play it on this 20 year old CRT, so
it's pretty wild
because
ST
yeah, well I've I've played things on a
nice gaming computer once or twice and it's like Yeah.
Um Well I live in a pretty small town, so since all this has happened, the bandwidth has dropped quite a bit. Um Some of my friends in bigger cities nearby their speed is actually 100 times faster. Um I'm actually pretty amazed that I can do this. But but
you can still like watch netflix and stuff but I really liked
playing like G. T. A. Five online some stuff like that. And uh I wanted to do Red Dead online but it's too slow for that. But the crazy thing is that because I've been playing here on this old CRT um The aspect is often there's no way to fix it so the bottom right? I can't see.
So I had to like watch a bunch of videos showing gameplay early on.
I could
be
like
so it was like
playing like in the actual wild west because half the time I didn't know what I was going to do and I'd have to restart so many
missions because I'd like run someone over my horse, you know?
you want
to mount?
Get
real
ingredients.
I
yeah, no worries.
That's not
mine.
That
is. Um, and at same level stuff. That is a beautiful machine man,
you know, he's uh huh. Here's, here's one of my
uh, uses of technology.
Did it?
I see that I'm a little man. I wonder because on my screen it shows both me and you.
It's going to show you my, my thing that I, that I'm proud of in my room right now.
I just got
this old mahogany martin. Yeah.
that's,
that's it.
Earlier
than that's it.
Well, I mean, sentimental value, you can hang it on the world, you know?
yeah, I know. It's funny. Uh I actually had a national steel, I play a lot of delta blues and uh that actually got stolen. So this is my replacement. Well, um and actually before that never had an acoustic um like a traditional one. That's been a fun
little thing to fiddle around with during corn.
What kind of model Gibson?
looks like it's got a nice action.
How far out?
Well, yeah,
I mean, you
can't
breaks
up. Yeah,
my uh I've got a 78 telecaster. Um I turned to do an esquire, so I took off the neck pickup and then I rerouted it to put in a lefty bridge, so
the pickup
reversed.
No, no, I just put a lefty bridge in. So
the pickup angle is uh, it's like
instead of like that, it's like this and so it's like incredibly like twangy um
yeah, I'm bunkers, you're really nice for, especially if you uh I want to not
have that 60 cycle hum and just about a year ago I got a surf caster by Carvel. Where's
the?
Yeah, it's uh it's wild, it's to uh telling style pickups with a semi hollow and it's got a locking nut and trim, appreciate
it.
I
find played in bed.
Yeah, I had your mic cut out for a second, but can you still hear me?
It's weird because it's still showing in the corner,
it'll probably back up in a minute, I'm I'm sure
um let's just say
no, I taught myself pretty
pretty late age, so I have like a really weird plain style and like I had terrible tempo for a while. So like until I
got
better. I
only
played
in bands with one other person like kind of white stripe style. That will be could cover statistics
I guess. Yeah.
Oh it's cool.
Do you like Charles mingus?
Oh he's one of my least jazz basis that I really
like.
It's
one like separate entity kind of.
One car out. Did my uh my video come back on yet?
Yeah. I feel like basis. One
of those things that if you can like play guitar
reasonably well, you can like sit in
as long as you know what the urine and
super easily. But
it's
difficult.
I feel like it's something that's like if you're somewhat competent on like E. A. D. G. It's not too difficult to like
be
proficient
enough
to
play with people. But
it's one of those
things
that's
polar
has it's either like
you can sit in with people or it's like one of the hardest things to be really really
good
and like sound like yourself as an artist.
Yeah.
I had a,
no I have um before I ended up kind of stuck where I am. I had a roommate in a different state. Um I lived with him for a year and he was a big gamer and well he had this like six ft four
K. Tv that uh we have a landline is going on. Uh
Why do we still have a landline? Uh And you would play a lot of rhythm games and some of them are even though they're kind of like. Sorry about
that
even though they're like in essence kind of like the idea is simple, they get really complex. I always really like seeing the visuals kind of coming
to life.
I've seen I've seen one like that. I also saw him play one, it was like
or
read
it
is
about I saw that and then I also saw him play one called like rex or like rez or something like that. Um
But he did a lot of like stuff with um like buying PS two S that were like bleached out and then doing
like
manipulations.
Yeah. Um So I just uh for some reason it's been a long time for me to be able to connect my yes to the store because the wifi as you can probably get. And I uh one game
that I've been
playing,
I saw
some rhythm
games
that I'm thinking
about getting
at some
point, but
another one
that really
rhythm but it was really highly recommended Kentucky route zero.
It's like a story game but it's like this um magical realists Britain click sort of adventure game um that takes place in like backwoods, underground caves in Kentucky and it's like this ethereal bluegrass
adventure.
Yeah it kind of is but it's like you can't like die or anything like that, It's just like really good storytelling I guess.
They can be kind of stressful because the immediate consequences of your actions can affect your gameplay. But
I
can
that's kind of the appeal I guess sometimes too.
I'd say probably
all that forward for me.
True.
Well I just
yeah I played for quite a bit in 2016 and then I didn't touch my PS four. Actually bought it to play Fallout and then I beat it and I didn't touch it for like three years, and I played it like, I played it again last month and uh different approach, I didn't like the melee
style.
yeah, I didn't have a job before this, so I have like nothing but time, you know.
is
it?
What's
good here?
And
Yeah, you still
feel
kind of chilly?
Yeah, I mean I've seen a lot
of different accounts and stuff like, but overall
most there's been
like a discord
where I've been on, where some people have had it and they have said it's not that terrible.
you can
imagine
and
it
is, it is uh Yeah, well, I live with my mom um for the time being some kind of like in this nebulous phase and now I'm, you know, because the quarantine stuff here um jeez, the uh of the age where it's like extra caution kind of things. So
as in most,
not
many.
well,
true.
it's
but
all
it's section well, it was a situation because I would be totally
with
remaining like this until
like fall if we had to just to ensure
everyone's health and safety, but
in there.
Yeah, I mean like those florida beach pictures after that reopened when
Well, yeah, and like a lot of people carrying the symptoms don't even know it and that kind of thing, you know?
I've been whenever I've been going to the grocery store um Well, I mean I've been trying to space it out and I've mostly been eating vegetable based meals, not because I want to, but because shelf life, you know? Um But I uh the other day I went to the store and I had on my woodworking mask um
Good,
yeah, well it's like really effective um but I'm probably look terrifying like like a character and
fallout even maybe you know on, but you know, you got a, it is what it is, I guess
what.
that's, that's
the big thing,
Well, yeah, I've been unemployed for quite a while because I moved like half a year ago and like the job market where I was living previously was terrible for my line of work, I work in advertising um and so it's like did mostly like wanna hired people that are like younger, I mean I'm 29 I'm not old, but it's like fresh out of college people usually and it's
like
yeah, so I've been like kind of unemployed for a while and its prolific thing is great because I tried to smother survey places online just to see and I have been like 40 of them over the course of a month and I did one that was like $5.
like
leave it,
The
yeah, well it's a lot of them, I'm doing a few ongoing ones about covid that are pretty sweet as far as it was. Um
Was
it
what?
I've seen a lot of ones where the gist of it is they deliberately mislead you to make you like take these really difficult tests and then they either tell you you did like way better or way worse uh
to give you
a popular bias, that way you
have
to defend your position,
whatever.
That's crazy. I am, I mean I've screamed out of uh probably a dozen my accounts in good standing still because I have messaged people after, but whenever I do stuff like empirically, the way I've approached most surveys before is I'll read the question kind of skim it and then answer initially like my gut reaction and I'll kind of like look at again think about it more analytically and it's like those are the ones where it's like, here's a paragraph, here's the question dot dot dot dot dot dot if you're reading this, don't click anything and then oh my gosh! It like
I screamed myself
out of the last question.
No,
I mean that's a
I am sure.
I I uh there was one other webcam one that I signed up to do and then I cancelled because they said that the uh content but they can't control how the content may be used in university um collateral.
And I was
like
so. Yeah
yeah exactly, so I was like yeah I don't know, so since then I've kind of like read the consent form is a bit more thoroughly. Um
that was cool with it.
Um But I saw this one
that was like
it's like $12
for
like five minutes and I was like oh my god, that's like you know what, 60 bucks an hour.
I was like oh hell yeah and then I then I looked at it a little bit more and I was like uh right
uh Yeah I think so.
Well
time flies.
Uh I think I got on it three.
Yeah I think so. Yeah.
know, I was kind of afraid of that too I guess, you know we randomly have a lot of stuff in common so it went by pretty quick.
Then you
can
lot of awkward
poverty.
Yeah. And I think answered the survey.
You too
man Hey feel better.
Yeah, I feel better.
thicker.