Hello.
Ted
Alexa. Nice to meet you.
I have not well actually I was supposed to do it yesterday but my chat partner bailed on me so
they didn't show up. Yeah
just.
We also have have you done this before?
That's a difficult question for me to answer just because I'm a military child. So when people ask that question I'm kind of like do you mean where am I currently living or where was my favorite place? But right now um we're in Hawaii.
Oahu. It's
I could not tell you we only moved here um I'd say eight months ago and honestly most of my time has been spent indoors
because of the pans everything. So.
No not the best time to move to a tropical paradise.
they have. So here they have um man goose. So apparently do you know what a mongooses?
No. Oh okay. Yes. Also an animal it looks kind of like a
squirrel
or
chipmunk
or actually it looks like um what do you know those animals that are in the commercial? I think there they're not lemurs are they lemurs?
Uh They're like the talking animals, they have patches on their eyes. Do you know what I'm talking about? Okay. Mongoose look kind of like mom geese. I don't know if that's how it said. Um They're kind of like otters. Yeah so apparently they were brought over to eat I don't know something and now they've completely invaded the island.
They're everywhere. They're scary. Their timing.
if you get close to them, they hiss at you. So it's not it's much scarier, it's a tiny animal and I have never been so scared. My dog caught one and killed it. Yeah
so
it was in our yard like we saw him do it, we tried to get him to stop but he's pretty fast.
He's a high school,
he was throwing it around like he was throwing it around in the air like it was a toy and then catching it in his mouth. So
I think he doesn't understand the concept of size so he thinks he's like small because you want to play with small dogs and small animals but they're all scared of him or the moon to him.
I guess yeah
but
that
her killing uh no, don't want him to get a taste for that
I guess. Yeah but
then he was there everywhere so he would run off you know it wouldn't be good. Yeah.
Never what?
Why
do you haven't dead? You mean like a step?
Ah I've seen this kind of school before
but I
don't know.
cool. Why do you have a?
I grew,
okay.
That's
That would have been
quite the entrance.
that's awesome. He killed a bull.
that's scary. I feel
bad for the
theater
ecosystem. Yeah.
Ah that's cool. I still have invented anywhere. Yeah.
You know what's funny is that I don't really get jet legs. It was like a 13 hour. Was it 13 hours? We came here from New Jersey. I just, I just kept rolling travel
with
normal
first.
my dad, Uh, I'm, I'm 19 but legally I'm still is dependent so I could choose to not go with him. But why would I do that? Living with my parents is like extremely beneficial. You know, you save money also. I just love my family. So
Oh yeah, my older sister. Mm you can
continue your,
I have an older sister. She's 20, I don't know 2023, she decided to stay in jersey, it's the first time that she's been away from us because we're really close knit family and it was a mistake.
Yeah
I feel really she actually lives with her boyfriend right now but she's really lonely,
Jack's well from um I think it's Central New Jersey because there's this whole debate about whether Central New Jersey exists I believe.
No, no. Okay
so you've never been to New Jersey?
No
so I was going to ask why you moved away but you're a grown man.
relying
hawaii
is
quite
expensive,
quite
but
I wouldn't know but actually that there was a huge
high on life yes um I know that there is a massive opioid
crisis
in New Jersey while they're still living there, which is sad. Um So how is living alone right now? You're by yourself?
Did you say fine or fun?
So why do you say the D. C. Air,
not
okay, that makes sense.
it's pretty horrible. I'm actually Puerto Rican, that's fine. Yeah. White hispanic right here.
Yes I can. But no that was good, I'm not loving you and laughing at myself because I'm so insecure I'm so insecure that I don't speak spanish because my parents are both native speakers and that's not me, my native languages english. So
yes it was very uh I'm not strenuous in the way that it was difficult but just tiring because people think I'm sure my parents had to go through this much more than me but people think just because I'm hispanic uh like I know everything you know about spanish or like turn to me for the answers or it's just this is a whole insecurity of mine cultural insecurity, there's a complete disconnect between me and my own culture,
so
Secretary
That's
funny.
Yeah. It's interesting that you say that because my parents have this um I'll ask them like, hey can you explain, you know like you just said the grammar, the syntax, the format that's important when you're learning language and they don't understand how to explain that or elaborate upon it because it's just something they know just like us with english. Oh there's a whole Yeah.
So
yes I have actually, I, Me and my sister used to visit every summer when we were younger uh starting from when I was like five it was so we'd go and visit our willows and as well as but excuse me, they would argue over us because both sides of families don't get along, like they're very antagonistic. So it just became that my parents are like you're not going to go see anyone, so wow.
that's my uh that's where my I will slip.
I
I mean that's definitely a benefit, but uh my parents like to tell me that they would never take us back there just because the quality of life is so poor. The reason that my grandparents are, so there's because they own the house also, they're struggling right now, which is really sad. It's really sad to see people you care about struggling. Your grandparents, you know, there's this whole sense of like they should be secure in their life, but they're not they're human beings just like I am. Um Yeah, isn't it like that in florida too right?
Or it's lower taxes? It's people.
That
probably contributes to why there government is so poorly controlled split.
I have not. Wait. They
worked
on their computer. What is that?
What?
So when did you specifically choose these locations or
worth?
Mhm.
That's
That's rad.
wow. So
when you went to Russia I have a question. My dad has this notion I know that there's a lot of um I can't think of the word just bad blood between us in Russia so my dad has a motion, I was like oh you know it would be nice to visit one day and I was like no you're out of your mind that americans are followed around and like stocked and monitored. Okay.
What?
I
I
has to be,
wait. So how so how does it get this far?
I would be scared of
interesting.
From
Petersburg I
will
I will
make a note of this.
I didn't
Yeah I've seen those. Were they like paddling little round? That's cool,
very interesting. So it's below sea level and they built
So how long would
you
traveling or being a digital known?
come
Well
mm well I'm sorry you were booted out of Panama. Um Hawaii Honestly I think it's one of the best states to be in right now because they've been I'm of the opinion that social distancing is important. Like hold on my dog is walking maxi, you want to go out bye baby. Um Yeah so it I don't feel like this is anything that should be played around with like the pandemic is not a joke. Hundreds of thousands of people have died. So here in Hawaii we have really strict rules or guidelines, Whatever you want to say, we've been in quarantine, I think we actually started later, but so late March, we were issued to the stay at home orders, so we're not allowed to leave. Things aren't open really, which is really bad for local businesses and there are a lot also hawaii is really dependent upon tourism. So it's just a lot of mixed feelings. My university went completely virtual, which I I agree with, but you know, I agree with all of these things, but at the same time it's like you can't help but miss social interaction, you know?
except I mean not an issue for me, I academically, I'm pretty top notch. So
did you go, did you go to university or technical school or vocational?
Okay. And I'll kind of uh correlates
by max is wondering
again, now let's come back in Mexico.
and
I think it says in the instructions.
Yes, because when your conversation is complete, I guess we just move on to the next page.
You
too. Ted
what?