Right. Yeah yeah. Mhm. And mm.
Hello? Hi my name is ted can hear me
Yeah what's your name?
So have you done this before?
What do you mean dale? They didn't show up where they left?
So what are we supposed to do? We're supposed to uh
talk for 25 minutes? Okay.
No no. So where are you? I guess so where you from?
How are you? What time is it in Hawaii it's like six hours behind because I'm in the D. C. Area. So that was Is it like two p.m. Ah Cool. Which island are you on?
What's the island that has all the the deer
And
so you haven't been able to explore?
Yeah. Right there's an island. Um My friend was telling me about that. They have a they have a an overpopulation of deer in the island because their uh what do you call it? And they're an invasive species so they're not supposed to be on the island.
Um I'm not sure. I know it's I know it's a type of mountain bike,
you
know
it's
kind
which commercial?
What
are they doing? Oh
Did
it bring it home? Uh
Did
it bring it bring it back in his mouth?
Isn't that a good thing though?
But your dog was doing a good job for the environment? Right. Yeah.
You
should give
him a treat is going a good job.
He's killing an invasive species. That's a good thing.
Yeah.
I have a dead animal here. Where is it?
What's that animal there
is?
I'm sorry. No, I have a scar.
This is
ball.
Just a ball. My
my granddad gave it to me, He turned it into
a thing that you hang on the wall. Mhm.
Yes
so I actually I had it up here but I thought it'd be weird if I had it right here.
So
I took it I took it down so that's why it's over there. But yeah I don't know. My granddad my granddad killed it some time and then he just turned it into a a thing you put on the wall.
Yeah it's not that awesome. I mean it's just the bulls are pretty easy to kill their kind of stupid animals. Um But yeah so but this island in Hawaii I'm not sure what it is but they have all this dear and they hire hunters. I don't know if they're hunters but they hire people from helicopters to shoot them down with machine guns.
they slaughter
them
with machine guns because the deer are eating up there like affecting the entire
so but I don't know too much about, I I did go to why he once but I was uh seven years old so I don't really remember it that much, but I got a little piece of lava. We went to like one of the volcano.
that's all I remember actually, oh and I came back and I couldn't sleep because of the time difference. That's it.
so
he came
there
because because of uh work from your military family. Uh
especially nowadays, I mean I know a lot of people are a lot of people are living with their family nowadays and a lot of people are moving back in because of the pandemic and everything,
I
don't know what I was going to uh
Uh
huh
Uh Yeah New Jersey where in New Jersey are you from?
I don't know.
No
I have I I lived in um uh my first job out of college was in Bayonne. New Jersey Would which is near Manhattan. Um It's near Jersey City and then my grandparents live in New milford but I don't know
the area not well.
Yeah. Yeah No I work in uh I work in the D. C. Area now and I live by myself but yeah they but my grandparents are still in New milford and um but Jersey is cool. It's it's expensive though. Well so
is the D. C. Area
it's
why
expensive.
Is
it? I
heard there's a lot of drug addicts in Hawaii is that true? Are
you are you on drugs right now? That's okay. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Mhm. Oh it's fine. Um Yeah
no it's fine I like it yeah. Um I have friends you know and as long as they don't have any symptoms of covid we still hang out. And then my sister lives near me as well. Um She's in the same city as me which is Arlington. I see the D. C. Area but I'm in Arlington which is in Virginia because
a lot of people they don't know Arlington. So so what what usually what you call the area called the D. M. V. Area? The D. M. V. Area is D. C. A portion of southern Maryland's that is near D. C. And then uh what you call uh northern Virginia which is Arlington you call that the D. M. V. Area. A lot of people just say it's the D. C. Area because a lot of people live in. A lot of people live in Arlington because it's 15 minutes from D. C. So a lot of people who work in D. C. They live in Arlington instead of living in D. C. Because D. C. D. C. Is kind of a strange place to live. Um You don't get a lot of the same benefits because it's a district not a state.
It's
sort of like living in Puerto rico. Like you you get some benefits but you also like you can't vote and stuff. It's kind of weird.
To a process Pignon.
you take spanish when you were in high school?
I
had a friend like that in high school, I had a friend his name is Nick and he was second, he was its second generation right? If you're born below second
generation. Yeah so his parents spoke fluent spanish fluent spanish and he could speak to them in spanish but it was sort of not really formal spanish, it was more like Spanglish. And he often he couldn't write in spanish at all because he just he grew up in the english school system so he just wrote in english but he could speak to his parents in spanish a little bit and he took spanish and it's funny because even when we went to his house he would speak to his parents in spanish but he got like sees and I both vanished
because
he just he didn't know like the grammar part of it but he could say some things and he could hear it.
you just sort of know it. Yeah.
Well have you been to Puerto rico?
I bet I've been to Puerto rico once. I stayed at a place called uh El conquistador was like a hotel in san juan. Yes.
yeah, I say they're at a hotel and it was cool. Actually, I was
listening to somebody talk about san juan recently or sorry, Puerto rico and they said it was a really good place to live because you don't have to pay taxes.
florida
and florida and florida, you don't pay state taxes. So in florida, in florida there's no, sorry, sorry and florida, there's no income tax in Puerto rico, there's no federal tax,
I think.
I don't know, I'm not a tax expert, but I heard somebody talking about how there's no federal or income tax there. So basically, basically a lot of um a lot of digital nomads work in Puerto rico, like people who are working from their computer and like to travel, Have you heard that term before? How
was
it?
So I was a digital nomad for Like four years before uh february, but no january, no february. I was repatriated from Panama was living in Panama, but basically you work from your computer, like if you have a job online that you can work from your computer then your employer doesn't mind. And for me my employer was like, I had to have some concessions so I had to lower my sorrow salary a little bit because I wasn't coming into the office every day. But he was like yeah you can work remote, this is before pandemic where everybody works right now, but this is before, this is before that. So before that you know you had to sort of convince your boss. And so I was like, hey is it cool if he was like yeah, sure. And so then you work from your computer and you get a job but you can work anywhere you want really, so you don't have like at one location. So I was working in Mexico Panama in Russia was in
brazil like you can travel and work at the same time.
Yeah, so I was basically
basically in february of Or January of 2016, I was sick of working in New Jersey in near New York. And so I basically I told my and I was commuting to Manhattan and then I made a deal my boss because I've been working there for a couple of years and he was like yeah sure you can but uh instead of being a full time employee you're going to be a full time employee but you're going to be more of a contractor. And then we're gonna, and then we switched from like a salary rate to an hourly rate, which I agreed with because I wanted to, which is actually turned out better for me anyways because then you can work different jobs also um
and then I just wanted to travel, so then you can, as long as you have a stable internet connection and you can't be traveling like during the day, you have to be working from like normal new york business hours, so it's not like you're you know surfing in the middle of the day, but you can like, you know, you can choose your location and then you know, sustained air B and Bs and stuff like that or you can travel but you
work during the week and in those locations, so
it's cool.
Uh
no, no, we'll also know um no, I didn't get any of that also I've I look kind of Russian, like I'm tall and I'm white, so and you know, I like, I like to drink vodka
and so I look
kind of Russian, so I kind of fit in a little bit, but no um there's, I will
say though if you are the only people that stand out to be honest with you are if you're black, there's like no black people in Russia, It's very strange,
it's very strange, but no, it's it's um it's different if you stay in a major city center, it's normal when you go out of the city center, it starts to get a little bit bizarre. Mm
um Just A lot of it has to do with the drinking culture, the Vodka, like that's a stereotype that is 100% true. Uh Just a lot of drunk people, a lot of the buildings are very like I was meeting with friends on the outside of the city center and the buildings like broken elevators, broken, very stalinesque, um you know, 19 seventies, 19 sixties type communists buildings, um packs of roaming dogs, just
strange, strange things, you know, Odd thanks,
but it's but I would recommend it. If I was to recommend a city, I would recommend a lot of people they want to go to Moscow, but I think that's not as interesting as there's a city which is also just as famous, but ST Petersburg, which is on the north part of Russia, it's actually near Finland, on
the north side,
ST
Petersburg,
it's
awesome, it's a city, it's sort of like, you know how venice is a city that's built on water? In Italy venice? Well, if you didn't know venice venice
in Italy, there's a city in Italy called venice and it's built on water, okay, basically, and like you can take it it's built so much on water you can take a water taxi boat around.
Exactly yeah it's the same thing as ST Petersburg sort of built on water. Um
I think so that would make sense I think so yeah but that's a cool city. Um Mhm. But yeah they it's very very that's cool
I recommend
it.
So I was I was so I started like February or sorry January of 2016 and then in february of this year when the coronavirus started I was I was living in Panama in Panama city in Panama like the country and then I was repatriated which basically means my company as well as the uh U. S. Embassy said that americans have to
believe Panama. So that's why I came back. So it's been interesting
how's how's how are things in Hawaii with that?
Yeah of course. Yeah. And also it's you get motivated more when you're around other students and stuff.
Good good.
Yeah I have uh you have a four year degree and then I have a post baccalaureate and biomedical sciences and then I went to med school but then I dropped out and now I work in technology so
circular.
It's
all right. I think your time is up anyways. Do you know what we're supposed to do after this or
what do we do? What are the instructions?
Mhm. I guess we just hang up and fill out a survey or something.
All right well it was good to talk with you and stay safe in Hawaii. Was good to meet you.
All
right. See you, bye