hi, how are you?
Pretty good.
And
yes it is.
So it looks like they have a lot of repeats and stuff. So just from the description that I was reading when they sent us all the information to log in.
I'm kate.
So I'm in florida. Where
are you from?
Oh cool. So were you in the area um that just got impacted by the hurricane there or you more west inland?
Little home.
What?
yeah, for sure. So yeah, I'm on the west coast of florida, so we're not really expecting too much from this storm that's coming from the east mouth. Uh huh. So.
Something like
that
together.
Mhm. I don't know. I really like the east coast beaches but I like the ocean. I don't really like the gulf so so I prefer going to like the east coast like Melbourne or Daytona um Or Palm Beach on the east. I don't really like Miami, but that was stuff I did when I was younger. Uh huh.
It's
just
a lot of craziness.
Well,
nothing.
Yeah, I guess I'm just not, I'm not a huge, like big city person, um like suburbs good, but like right in the middle of things is, is not. And I grew up mostly in florida. So like if in one eye vacation, I prefer to go inland and see, you know, mountains and things that you don't see in florida,
Yeah.
Well,
because
that's what, eight or six or eight, depending on how fast you drive. What?
There you
go.
Hello?
that's what,
The property,
that's kind of how I feel about florida because I've grown up in flat land and beaches, so like, and I love the mountains, I love snow. Um Most of my family is from upstate new york. So I grew up with that, like in the summers, in the winters going up to like a milder climate and the scenery and I really like to hike and it's hot down here. Um So it's hard to do that. Um But you know, so what do you do for a living?
Thank
you.
So,
so
Danny. So I actually work. Oh, go ahead, go ahead, you go.
Well,
I'm cool, very cool. So you're like the back end, you're not customer facing stuff, your company facing internal.
So I do um Quality and compliance for uh an independent pharmacy chain. So I basically handle everything that gets messed up and I get to tell everybody no you can't do that. And uh so that's fun. Um But I'm a lot of a lot of legal and regulatory, I deal with the boards of pharmacy and stuff like that.
Mhm.
Yeah, it's legal. Um I work really closely with our company attorneys and um I handle the S. O. P. Manual and stuff like that, so I'm like a document writer and I handle like all the legal issues that come in and when patient complaints turn into legal things and yeah. Um and I advise the pharmacists that we have. So,
I am currently working from home. Yeah. Um but I do like I'll have to go in the office sometimes um when there's a contract or a big issue that happens, may I have a meeting about it and figure out who needs to be written up and I get to do all the fun stuff. Mhm.
Uh huh.
correct.
Of course.
No.
didn't.
yeah. And that is, it is what it is. I say basically my main job is documentation, so it's, and we have, we're a small pharmacy chain, so the technology is just not there. So I've been kind of trying to build something that makes that easier um because it previously everything was in random pdf's everywhere, and we used to work on the google office suite um which I hated. Um and then we moved everything to Office 365 And I want to say that's more intuitive, but we have like a lot of older pharmacists and older personnel and they were not at all comfortable with the switch. So it was kind of a nightmare because no one could find anything and no one knows how to use the search box. And I call myself a professional google or that's what I get paid for is to google stuff because I get, you know, questions all the time. And it's just uh what's the regulation in this state for dispensing generic drugs? And I'm just like, well where do you start? You ask google and then you go to a reputable source and I can't get it across to these people that um it's kind of your responsibility to know the regulations in your state. Yeah, it's kind of a nightmare. But I basically I search google for a living, that's what I do. Uh huh. Uh huh.
I use a lot of excel, that's where most of my stuff is. Um Actually, and I think that's really the reason that I hated the G suite um is because everything in google sheets is in a different place and then you have to remember the two and there's certain functionalities that aren't there? Um Some of the formulas are different and it's pain um But most of my stuff is in Excel and then my information gathering, which I really like is um like through Microsoft forms and I built a couple things through power apps. I am not a programmer at all. Um But I do have a lot of experience with some of that stuff because of my educational background. Um I was a math and physics major. So so so for my uh my graduate work in physics, I had to learn uh Lennox and because that's where my research software was, it lived there. Um So I learned I came in with a lot of knowledge to kind of you know, do that sort I have a lot of random knowledge but.
They are and I feel like if you don't know that kind of stuff that you're you're just behind, but then if you're willing to learn those little things like the little programming things, because software is expensive and then it's not integrated because you may need this software for this and then this for that. Um I feel like you kind of make yourself a little more invaluable if you know all these other things like well I have a solution for that or um just stuff like that, I guess because I noticed a lot of, I have personally noticed that we've hired a lot of people who just didn't know basic basic excel, basic word, how to make a basic presentation, because when when I came in I was asked for a presentation um and I had it done in like an hour and they're like this, I expected to take all day and I was like who was working on me before um because it doesn't at all take long to put together a power point presentation. So, but but I guess it's surprising to me that people like in the millennial age range, that some of them are still not competent with technology.
Yeah. No, unless
you're like you're a hardcore Apple person and you have an ipad. Yeah. But
Shoes.
Yeah, it is. Well and and just how widely cell phones are used, cell phones are used for everything. Um You know, because they do everything. Mhm. Yeah. But
Oh
I don't, I would imagine. I know, I know it's definitely used very often in the older group and that's very apparent to me that um you know even on a pc like people I work with, they use the voice to text for writing emails and things like that because they just don't have that typing ability and
I don't know if they even have typing classes anymore
because I remember I had to take that in high school, they made us so. Mhm.
Eight.
But
thank
you.
Yeah, I remember growing up with it but my dad also wrote contracts for a living, so learning that whole suite and some of the access was like you know, I had my dad trying to figure out stuff on the computer and you know kids just catch on to everything so any time there was an issue I would kind of take a look, but I've always had that kind of logical brain I guess for lack of a better word. Um So all of that, I mean programming language makes sense to me. Um but a lot of people are just, oh I don't, are you familiar with power apps at all
the Microsoft power apps?
Yeah.
but it's um and
they also have um like
Microsoft flows which are kind of like um if
this then that if you know about that. So,
but they're like within the office we or you can link it to like twitter and facebook and stuff so like screen comments and let you know which ones need attention and things like that. Um But
it also it's, you know, if you get a message in teams then it does this or if you get an email from this sender, it will do X, y, z actions like I have it, it logs
my um like my issues with people. So like if the email comes from one of our stores, it
will log it in an Excel sheet. So if I have to historically go back and see when I was first contacted about an issue and it's actually really cool. Um but that's because logging used to take half
of my day because we, you know, we didn't want to pay for a ticketing system. So it's like, ok, what are the other solutions to this? Mm hmm. All
of.
And then you can put a filter on the sheet and say, how many problems have I had with this store and this time frame. Um
but yeah, it's
just it's kind of amazing how far the
Office 365 suite has come because I remember when you had Microsoft word um
Excel
Power point access
and outlook and that that
is what you have. Um And now there's there's like a ton hard.
all
it's
I mean ultimately SharePoint um
it replaced our internet um because we were having coders in India build this kind of portal
for us for the company and even
though it's outsourced which is
potentially problematic compliance issue um it was still way more expensive being as we were paying for the 365
they are And it's it's
kind
of it's
a huge problem
in health care because those industries are so heavily regulated and more and more states are cracking down on HipAA and things like patient information.
talking, talking. So what are our next steps here? What do we have to do?
That's wrong. Oh wow. Oh. Oh. Oh of course.
Oh okay. Well it was good chatting with you. Have a good weekend.
Bye.