Yeah. Mm hmm. Hello? Mhm.
what I'm doing good. How are you doing?
There we go.
Right. So, yeah, uh, is this your first time doing this?
Me too. Um
Yeah. Um, so my name is Mike.
Um where are you from?
I'm,
I'm in texas.
I'm in Dallas, so it's further and further up north. So we didn't have any, I mean, we had some storms the other day. Um it rained probably like half a day, but it was nothing crazy. I think it's like a long the border
area. They got really bad.
So yeah, they, I mean, they, they're getting hit with corona there too. So it's like, is this chaotic in that part of the part, in that part of the state?
So you're probably like, um, I think it's like a 12 hour drive, a 10 hour drive I think. Um from
not
Dallas, Yeah, I've been to Pensacola
before, but I think it was like, I was just like passing the exit or something, like I heard that part of the state has the better beaches, is that true?
Miami is too overcrowded. Um
I
like
your ladder. Yeah
that too.
I like for a lot of a lot because you got things to do there and it's not like too congested with people.
Okay. That's my site, so I have been mostly to Daytona, Orlando and Miami areas. Um
I really do want to check the keys out Key west and all that. Um But I'm really curious to what the panhandles like to because I mean it's good that it's closer to me because I don't know it's like an
eight our
driver.
Um I mean a lot of people from here from the Dallas area, do you go that way? Um I mean obviously it's a lot closer to Houston. Um But yeah, I don't like
our
beaches in texas. It's uh, they're nicer and
like padre island. But I mean, I've been to Galveston a few times. I mean at least we have something, you know, that's how I like. It does. Bye.
And I mean it's, it's better than because in doubt the Dallas area is like really flat. Um, we have some forests their front, like they're, they're not man made their, you know, they were, um, here before
the city was built. Um, bye. It's just like a really boring landscape. Yeah.
So I work as a business intelligence programmer and analyst. So I just started with this company, it's a healthcare company and
they do software
and a lot of, um, like knee braces, um, things like diabetic socks, like a lot of that type
of medical
comet.
um, so most of my stuff is like to do with analytics, um, anything to do with like they're reporting um
for like the cells people and and also for like their uh, like the software, the clinical software. Because they have like their own um, dashboards, stuff like that where they could, you know, check their cells and stuff like that.
Yes. All internal. Uh huh. How about yourself?
Okay. That's interesting. So, uh,
yeah, it's kind of like, mm I wouldn't say brain standards. It's more of like a legal compliance type of job.
So imagine you work from home right now.
I did, I did compliance work with my last job. I worked for a hotel company and a lot of it was compliance, um,
had to do with pricing issues. So a lot of hotels would go behind the company's back and put promotions out on websites and not supposed to do that because they're supposed to do if they want to do a promotion, they have to go through the company. So the company could analyze how much cells are getting run the numbers because they were trying to maximize as much revenue as possible. So a lot of hotels would go behind the company's back and offer like these huge discounts and a lot of times it wasn't even the hotel, I mean it wasn't 100% of the hotels fault because I understand we're on their end because sometimes these account managers get like really pushy or they just throw these discounts in there with being
like with vague language. Um and we had documented this, I mean we had some of those cases documented because the hotels kinda like didn't want to make themselves look bad. Um So we used to get involved with legal
that kind of thing. Um Just because I mean we had repeat offenders and all sorts of things so it was it
was I feel like that job was more like I had I had more critical thinking in that job than my current one in some way because it
was just like 1000 different factors that we had a way you know?
do you use a lot of Excel?
I almost feel like a lot of a lot of these like professional jobs seem like very related these days because it seems like even even the nightie job there's a lot of I. T. Jobs that you don't even have to know any programming language. It's just Excel mm Because I think a lot of companies don't really invest fully into software, but at the same time, like, I mean technically is programming because you're building formulas, you're building um you might have to do a macro because somebody requires it. So you're like you just like forced into it. So I mean, it seems like all these jobs are even like implementation jobs are all Excel word PowerPoint, like all that
that's true. Especially like um I could see like the younger um millennials and also like the gen z. I feel a lot of them have gotten so detached from using pcs because they are used to just smartphones and um sometimes tablets, because I don't even think tablets are as popular as they were 10 years ago. But
even
because because I feel like um I'm kind of like on the edge of millennials, so I'm like like right before gen X or gen X was just like a few years, you know, before I was born. But like I feel like in my time, all of us kind of like got forced to use word at least these words. So and a lot of these kids just use if they're writing notes, you just use the notes app on their phones and has no formatting. Yeah, I mean, I could definitely see that why, why?
And I think colleges universities are, I mean, I hope they're still teaching the Microsoft sweets because they did when I went to college. Um but I mean I could definitely see like the kids like right now that they're taking that class, they're just like totally lost because they probably have never touched a word processor before. I don't know, it's just like crazy, The pink. Mhm
Yeah,
and typing. Like I wonder how good they are at typing because I don't know if a lot of them use the voice, you know, the voice software to generate text, you know, I don't know how widely uses with that with that younger group. So
Church.
Yeah, me either. I'm wondering,
Yeah, my high school, it was funny because of my high school, they had this learn um you know, the all Microsoft office suite, like, and I took a class in college and I think like half of them never took like a class like that before, which is funny, but I I I'm from Oklahoma, so that's like another reason that the education has been underfunded even when I went to school and now it's worse. And so it's I mean I'm kind of makes sense how that could happen because I remember like a lot of that um students from out of state, most of
them were from texas, they were like way more prepared uh help the kids from a coma. So yeah,
it was it was funny that
they
had to, you know, teach, so the whole Microsoft suite
try
power bi is the only one I've heard of. Um that's the only one I can think of, it was powered by. Um I don't use that work, but we use a we use one from in four, which is a like a reporting company, kinda like oracle, yep. Um
I don't know of any other ones, visual studio, but I don't think that's, you know, with him that free,
it's
but
it's
that's
but
What
it
No.
makes a lot
of sense because that way you could track like trends and stuff like that. Yeah.
bye.
It
No.
Well,
no
at
that.
That's crazy. I mean it's funny because like I've heard of those other apps like I just haven't you know, I haven't haven't used any of those because we we we have are like my job, we already have a ticketing system. Um We users now but a lot of companies use self self force as a particular system, but it's like so ridiculous how much they they spend
on these Softwares like. Well
it
Oh.
what?
It's
it's of.
Speak up, gotcha. That makes all the sense. I think I think most companies are outsourcing these days. Thanks.
It
one
it
what?
Right. It looks like your time is uh because I Uh huh. Well, but it's a five.
See here,
it looks like we just closed this and then we complete the survey because there was that initial window that we opened. I have had the link to this video chat. And then that's basically
you, too. All right.