Okay wow. Mhm Mhm. Yeah yeah Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah mhm. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah mhm mhm. If yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Okay.
Here we go yeah. Hello?
Hi.
that's
not my face. Okay I'm
checking my
son.
I can't really hear you. Yeah
yeah yeah mhm. Wait it's on my maybe it's me. I'm I am but I don't know what it's not going up. Hang on. All right can I think that's I think I fixed it thank you mm I can't hear you. The change.
there you are.
it's all good.
I've heard it's buggy but I've used it before. I don't um
I can can sort of hear you but Syria mhm mm Something Hello? Yeah Okay mhm mhm Oh hi mm
Yes
yeah I hear you're great you're good now thanks. Uh
well if you figured it out whatever the situation was. Hold on you have some cool figures behind you. I'm trying to figure out what they are exactly that. Oh, nice. Whoa, that's epic,
super red. We're like, we're Nintendo people over here too. But like my son, he's five and he's like hardcore Yoshi Herbie like yeah, Mario maker, like cutesy stuff. I'm more like animal crossing for sure, but like I appreciate the effort. Put it over there for sure.
What?
Yeah. I think everybody's got their jam like whatever feels like the right escape. Okay.
Yeah, I never tried it before, but I got this one because of the whole lockdown. It was like I hear everybody is happy on their island, so let me try that and it was, it's been great. I just
got my Five star
Island this week. So have you tried it?
Yeah, totally. I
yeah, it gets like an hour and you're just like, all right. I did what I'm doing today. Uh What are you playing now?
No,
Who is
it?
remember
that was like
yeah, yeah, so it's like a little bit more of a battle game, right? Like Margaret said, that's cool. That's cool. Yeah, we looked into that one because my husband, my son also do a lot of all the games, but him being five, he gets like a little weirded out about like beating people up so we're
holding off on that
one for
now,
but
no,
maybe
he can
handle
no.
off
Home.
Thank
you. Yeah. Cool.
It does sound pretty fun. Yeah, we'll check that out, but at least watch some previews and see what he thinks. Mhm. It's hard to know like, you know, you're gonna throw down $60 or something on the game, you're like, I want to actually enjoy this versus like sometimes you just get burned or you're just like uh I could have bought something else
that's
on.
Yeah. I think it would be the right move for anything.
I'm in Ohio about you.
Oh, that's nice. Okay. Like can be outside I guess. Right?
It's like 50 and raining here. We're like, we're almost in winter. We've had snow already, but you know, comes with the territory.
I'm
like,
Yeah. I know. You know, you can't handle it. My husband's from west Virginia and he moved north and I was like, you moved the wrong direction. We should have gone back, right?
What?
Right. And you this cutting the grass, you're like, okay. I know I'm gonna do it this weekend or whatever. You got like a whole time for me to do it. Whereas if you do snow
you're like I can't go anywhere. I can't go to work until I take care of this like 45 minutes.
Might
have a hard
Right. Getting out of your driveway. Yeah that's that's
worse
not
No. So what made you guys go to Georgia
like other than
Right. It's fantastic your game room so you can like set up whatever you want pictures, the all your equipment and your good chairs and stuff. It's key.
you can show me
the,
well hello kitty. She's so smuggled. She's like this is my face in your feet and I'm not moving.
Right fix it mom. That's cute. What's her name?
Mhm. Oh cute. I like cats. Cats growing up. And then my last cat died. And then I found a stray dog. And then he was like, not cool with cats. And I was I didn't eat another animal to take care of. I was like too stupid to like take care of him. But then uh then I got like another dog that was like because I didn't have cats. And then sometimes places are like, well, we need a home for this dog, but it can't go with cats, which rules out a lot of the population. So I'm like, well, we'll take it and now I'm a dog number three, they won't do cats. And I'm like, yeah, all right. But but my kids have been asking, asking, asking. They're like, so when we get a kitten, because we've had foster's with foster kittens, uh But like I can keep them in the bathroom or whatever, so it's like not a risky situation, but it's just like if we get a cat and the dog kills us, this is a pretty terrible situation for everybody. So I'm like, I I don't think we're doing it. I keep trying to consider like outdoor cat, like getting like a feral barn cat for our like some big giant backyard area. Like do that. Like I don't I don't know what to do, but that's not really the same as like having a kitten wants to
sleep on your blank.
Yeah. It's it's like a bunch of factors like their little shelter by us as this program. Like they have cats that are like absolutely not indoor cats, they're like barn only feral, like don't want to be around people, but they still need something. So they're like, you know, if you can set up like a warm spot, like warm cat house in your garage or something, like, can you work with that? I was like, oh, I probably could. But like you said, our dogs here, there's coyotes in the area. There's a hawk that comes all the time and like, I would feel terrible. Like, you know, if it's okay where it's at right now, maybe I don't need to be the one to intervene.
You're not like kids friendly. It's more like a Oh, I think I saw the cat two days ago. Who knows? Yeah, we
like,
All right. Right. Right. I think I see the tail, right? I don't know. They have, we have a dog and we have to betas right now. So that's like into snails to go with the beta. So that's enough excitement for the time being like
kids,
uh, here's a Pitbull cattle dog mix. Yeah, he's cool. He's really cool. All right. We don't know. Everybody's like Pitbull terrible scary, but he's like the biggest chicken ever. Like if there's a storm or fireworks, he goes and lays in my daughter's bedroom and it's like, I'm afraid of this thing, like he won't eat if we're in the room, like he's nervous about people and we've had them 10 years at this point. It's like he was a wild stray situation themselves. So, uh, it's awesome, awesome, awesome with the kids, but not, yeah, buddy material. So that's just kind of like, you know, every animal has the other one downside is closed. Yes.
And
I mean
if
you
are,
yes, that's true.
Yeah, everybody's got to have their thing. I mean, he's the right fit for us at the time. And honestly like when you have little kids, it's not like the kids are gonna help me through the letter box and all that stuff anyway. So like they can ask all they want, like they're not responsible.
100
That's
kind of nice.
Ready?
Hi.
have it.
If you, if you knew for sure that it was like actually going to work, like you'd be like $300 and I'm never gonna have to buy litter again because this thing is like perfect, then it would be totally worth it. But He throw down 300 and it's like, well half the litter ends up down this drain and now I have this problem or whatever, then you're like, it's
not working.
Yeah, I guess that makes, I mean,
and if it, you just have to probably on auto ship or whatever cheaper than like letter delivery or whatever. Mm
sweet.
they are pricey, but it will absolutely last like the rest of your life, you know, it's a one and done situation.
that's totally, it might um, we find bread makers that are thrift store all the time. So that might be
try.
Yeah. I hadn't really thought about that element, but like
if
you just want to make
look
Big.
Which
is,
yeah, It's
home ownership is a marathon, not a sprint. It's never going to be done. And by the time you finish all the stuff you just talked about, there'll be something else. So like
just
When
did
you get in
the
house?
Right. Find your time. When did you guys get in the house calling it in there?
Oh, cool. Yes. Right. Out to us. People moved in junior last year. Yeah. Yes. Is our second christmas here? Yeah, we,
we
were.
Yes. That's
yeah, I totally get that. Like you got to personalize your home. Like it's make it yours.
it's
It's brains are crazy expensive. So yeah, that's another thing that takes time. Like you've got to find what you want. Like do it, right.
That's pretty good.
Spain
and uh
That's cool.
But
Well, I like how you did it like over your doorway and so that's nice. I used to be like the frame shop person at Michael's, which is why I know like I've never seen anybody like modify the plexiglass franks, but that's pretty sweet.
No.
Tell me about that.
What is it?
What?
Yeah. This
I like, I've just picked up some like side hustle stuff like, I mean honestly like prolific. It's like one of them. But like uh I was hoping to like, I stayed home with my, when my kids were little, little little and then my son was supposed to go into like regular kindergarten this year. So I was like, I'm going to have a real job. I'm like, you know, go out of the home, but then got a home school, everybody this year, not homeschool virtual school. Like we really don't know what that means. It's just like the teachers teach there on the computer and I have to be here. I end up helping them more than not. So I'll do like a couple hours of side hustles a day, like copyrighting and stuff like that, but nothing big time. How about you?
So that was
even
before
Covid.
That was even before Covid. Yeah. That's pretty cool.
That's pretty nice that you were like already had that in place because my kid's school had 1-1 for fourth grade enough already. But then when they said, you know who's gonna stay home? Well, they have some kids that go into the building, but they're also just on a computer. The teachers somewhere and then they are watching computers basically babysitting. Uh So we had to wait like a month before my son had got his Chromebook, he was like on my laptop, which was totally lagging and I can't work when he's on that. So then it's like, let me hurry up while you have lunch, try to do some work and then switch you back over. So that was miserable. Uh huh
And I mean,
Yeah.
Right. With 27 kids?
Same up here. How bad are your cases? Like I haven't really followed Georgia.
dump
stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. Ohio like we had this whole like camaraderie and we're all going to do the right thing and then had gotten really good, like not good, but we like kind of went unscathed for a long time and now we're like kind of in the shit. So, and I live in one of the worst counties for it. So it's like, I've been basically home this whole time. I went to target once and the library once and everything else is like curbside, which is like fine and normal life. I was always like, I wish everything was curbside. I have to go just like drop off my groceries in my house. But now I'm just like, I miss just like going and picking up what I need. I miss my family. So it's just kind of sucks that I thought we might like cruise through this okay and we're not
Like that thing about like you driving your car and you listen to your podcasts or like you bump into somebody you see or like you just like, I don't know, just small talk and all that stuff. It just, you sort of take it for granted. Somebody was talking about, they had to take their kid to the doctor's office and somebody was in the doctor's office with a pet parrot like on a harness on her shoulder and she was like these are the things that I miss and pandemic. Like these random weird interactions and things that are sort of like the variety of life and just like oh yeah you kind of take these things for granted at the time. Oh that's weird. But I'm, there's upsides to, it's like I don't I'm not saying that I'm home with my kids to like hang out with them. Like we can still both work and do what we need to do. My husband is an it also like uh he was home until last month and then his employer said you have to come back but if you share an office you guys have to arrange where one of you was here in one of you is not, he goes every other week, but he sits in an office by himself and he does zoom meetings with other people that are either at home or in the building, but he doesn't see anybody. And it's
just like infuriating because I'm like you could just be at home and not pay for parking and gas and be gone for an extra hour and a half a day. Like it's just I don't know, we
got
spoil.
Trans none
Yes. That's exactly where he's at and we have not yet figured out why they called everybody back. We kept thinking maybe there's like uh you know they weren't making money on the cafeteria but like that's still closed so that he can't even get lunch. They're like everything's gonna be packed. He has to carry in bottled water because he there's no water fountain. They're just like totally logical. But anyway.
I know,
yes, basically you're just like okay like
right just all kinds kind of weird was kind of weird but so you're going back to game, is this gaming day?
Nice.
Yeah, I see a room kind of like oh it's just like cuddled. Uh There's
good girl. Oh thanks stretch. Very cute.
Well
good luck on your brain.
No, that's true.
you're
like
no just mama's girl. Maybe you you're like warmer or like move less or something, maybe whatever it is. Who
knows?
Yeah, so maybe that's it, she's just like your your comforter,
right? Yeah. Well uh my kids are asking me, they were like this morning, they were like are we putting up the rush of the christmas decorations? And I said yes we will finish today. We did like a bunch yesterday because there's like nothing else to do. So we're gonna
get into that
fresh.
for sure. And I put up, we did one tree and outside decorations and my grandma made those christmas ceramic village. So I put that whole thing up yesterday and like uh, and I have a Disney christmas tree, I'm gonna go put up now, so that's good.
Put some
christmas jam. Yeah, it's good. Well, good luck on everything down there. Hope the house goes well.
Yeah, awesome. Well you guys stay safe business sharing with you.
Thanks