Come on. There we go.
Hi,
can you hear me okay? I like
your shirt.
have a captured
on
two.
Mhm.
The question I'm
on Firefox, so it's kind of wonky. Just get
second. Mhm. Come on Firefox. It's fine. A friend?
yeah, fine. Hello? Video. Okay. And then sometimes, well maybe not you care and then I have dirty. Yeah.
it works. Yeah.
So can you get me okay?
Sometimes Firefox gets a little bit wonky with it. I usually don't have to reload it this much, but
this is my game room.
Um I have the majority of those games. Uh there's like a couple of Mario games that I don't have and I know I don't really collect a whole lot of the ocean games.
Not because like, I don't like them, but just because like there's like other games that I would much rather play and so I it always ends up falling by the wayside.
Have you played animal crossing on the switch? Like the new one?
Thank
you.
Yeah, I played it for a couple of weeks after release. Um I'm definitely one of those players that like been just a game for a while and then at the very least for annual crossing, I binge it for a while and then afterwards I'm like ok on board and then I stopped playing and you just go something and do something else because uh I know that the idea of it is you're just supposed to like play for a little bit during the day and then like, you know, come back the next day, but I'm like I want to play for hours
and then I get bored.
Uh currently I'm playing an awful lot of destiny too.
And then um other than Destiny to I am really looking forward to the High Road Warriors. That's coming out actually
couple
of days. Yeah, it's coming out on the 20th and it takes place
before
breath of the wild.
I
mean
it's
all going to be
like monsters and stuff, so
it's
still
like
just like the standard Zelda Fair, it's
just more like a dynasty Warriors kind of game where it's like, you know, here's a bunch of different points and you got to go to this point and defend it and
you know, get rid of all the monster slayer and then go to this point and the new hire
a warriors has taken place before breath of the wild. So it's all the champions are still alive, it was before the 100
years.
So that, that sounds really exciting and I'm really looking forward to that one.
Yeah, and I mean in
general,
Dynasty Warriors games are not exactly my cup of tea. Like I feel like the only times I've actually enjoyed a dynasty warriors game was when it was the Zelda one for the very first high road warriors or the Gundha one. It is specifically the one that had double O Gundam because those, I really like those countries, but most of the time I'm like, I don't really feel like playing dynasty warrior type games. I think you'd be fun,
definitely. So where are you based?
I'm in Georgia.
I mean it's actually probably around like 70° outside right now, 65. It's still probably comfortable.
Yeah. If we have
snow here,
they freak out and just like shut down everything. Why I moved here.
See like my husband is from Wisconsin and we spent like the past seven years in Wisconsin And then after staying in Wisconsin for seven years, I'm like can we finally moved to Georgia now? And he's like,
you know, I hate, he hates the shoveling the snow, but now he's like I hate mowing the lawn too. And I'm like yeah, but in the winter you don't have to mow the lawn so and you don't have to shovel snow.
No,
not
to mention
that in Wisconsin. It's no so often that you'd shovel snow on monday and then you'd probably have to shovel snow again on Tuesday or even the same day you shovel snow in the morning and then like you get home from work and you have to shovel snow again before you have to go to work the next morning.
Not
to mention driving in snow is terrible.
It's like, yeah, well only the law is not so bad in comparison.
Well
I used to win Georgia. I used to live down close to savannah and I moved up to Wisconsin to live with my husband and his family for a while while I, while we saved up enough money to buy a house and we just finally were able to buy a house. That's why I have all this stuff up because you know, finally have a house to put it all in.
I'd like to show you the, like our game setups alright. Like the shelves with our games. But I currently have a kitten on me who is very comfortable and asleep and she
doesn't
look like she wants to get up difficult.
Yeah. She, she likes sleeping on this blanket and if I'm sitting on this chair with a blanket nearby, she'll just sit and stare at me until I put the legs out like this is my spot and I like to go to sleep sometime soon, but you don't have the thing ready. So I'm just going to stare until you do.
This is Ruka. She's the youngest of my three kitties. She's the only like the grey tabby. I have two orange tabbies.
No,
not to mention that if it snows and stuff, you're going to want to bring the cat in because it's gonna get cold and that could be troublesome to and if the dogs get out, they could also still hurt that cat that way too.
Yeah. Not to mention that if your kids are asking for a cat, they want to cap that they could snuggle with a capital a pet and play with and a feral barn cat does not fit those criteria.
It's like bird
watching. Only your cat watching here like Oh there it is. There it is.
What can I
do you have?
Yeah. I mean every animal has a personality, just like people, I mean some
people
don't
do
well
with kids, so.
No.
Yeah. There's this little box that I've been wanting to get, but it's kind of expensive, but it it connects to the toilet line. So when the kitties use the litter box, like the poop
gets scooped up and then liquefied and then uh just flushed with like the rest of the stuff. I mean it just goes straight down the the pipeline and then like the litter is like a specialist letter that gets cleaned. Buy the machine itself. So like they're p just gets cleaned and sanitized and they can use the litter again.
And it's
like I'm like I really like the idea because then it means that I don't have to buy litter anymore. I don't have the scoop litter anymore.
And then you know, it just goes straight down my toilet Where you know our waste goes.
So I'm like that sounds pretty cool. But it's like a I think it's like $300 and I'm like I'm not ready to pay that much money yet. Maybe maybe
if letterbox gets to be really really annoying in the future if I have like little kids. But right now I'm like yeah I'm good.
Like
um from what I see, it's like a circular thing and then um it rotates to grab the poop and then that gets like scooped out and then it, the liquid goes into like clean the stuff. So like the liquid is like the only thing that you have to buy. And from what I understand, the liquid is a whole lot cheaper than buying litter on a regular basis.
So
So I mean like it's something I've been considering. But considering I just bought a new house and like there's some other things that I'd rather spend for right now and my husband really likes baking. So we've been kind of considering purchasing a Kitchenaid. And those things
are, those things are pricey. So
also considering a bread maker because he he started getting into the bacon bread and break bread baking is a science and bread maker might help them.
bread makers
are pretty cheap, but like a Kitchenaid kitchen needs are pricey. So
I think they're like
$300
for like just the base unit. I mean they're pretty pricey. They're supposedly really, really good. And you can have like so many different attachments to it to do so many different things.
So, I mean like it's kind of like a one stop shop for your kitchen. Which I mean makes sense as they call it a kitchenaid. But
again, it's like I just bought this house and I have other things that I am trying to get all set up. Like I'm traded mounts and shelves to my wall so I can put up all my books and that's I am going to need to buy like more wood for it now. So there's
there's
that and there's just because there's other other things in the house that just need to be done.
Get to it.
Yeah. There's always
something else. So you
just
you
gotta
squeeze
it in.
We bought the house about two years ago.
And I
mean
I've done an awful lot for being here for two years. This
here is that I mean like I guess putting up by putting up like our collections is like more of a priority than a lot of other things in the house.
definitely. I need to
actually buy like some more frames because I have a whole bunch of other art prints and posters that are they're just sitting in like a portfolio bag for right now. They just haven't been able to purchase ranch for them.
Actually by frames for Michael's I buy like uh their poster frames, like the these ones up here, are there poster frames? And I think I paid like maybe $16.20 for them.
And like
the
the neat thing about those frames is that they're they're made with cardboard and like a very thin like acrylic, so it's not glass. So I bought like just like the size that they had and then took a utility knife and like scratched it and then broke off the acrylic and then cut the little black pieces so that I sized to fit my posters correctly.
So I was able
to just buy a whole bunch of them and then just size them down. And like all of these posters are different sizes, so that was kind of frustrating. Like uh
Well yeah, like the ones that I modified, we're just like the uh style line poster ones. Yeah. Do you
see the little like an orb thing in the corner there? My
this little kitten is terrified of it.
It's a it's a little space corps from a portal. But yeah, like ever since we put it up there, she wherever we
like coming into the room, she'll kind of look up at it and then just like kind of run faster into the room and like before we put it up she was just absolutely terrified of it. Then again, she gets terrified of like a lot of things. He's like the literal definition of a security cat. Isn't that right? But yeah. Well monster. Yeah.
So what do you do? Like, what do you do for work?
I am an I. T. Tech for an elementary school. Um here in Georgia we have a we have a company that provides computers to schools. So for like Henry County is the school system that I'm working in. Each student gets a device that they use. So like a kindergarten to second grade use ipads And then 3rd grade through 12th use chromebooks. And so each student is assigned a Chromebook that they can take home and it's, you know, it goes with them throughout the cop their users. So obviously
we
need a tech
for
that. Mm
So I mean like on the bright side, because of all the virtual stuff, we don't have to worry so much about like, you know, students not having a device. Um, I mean we did have enough a lot of times where we had to be concerned about maybe families not having internet. So one of the things that the county did was they were offering hotspots to families who like, you know, really needed it. But there's a limited amount of hotspots for that. But Yeah, so like our students have 1-1 devices.
I mean
at the beginning of the year for since august we've had like an awful lot of issues with google meat and a lot of these issues still persist most of the time. It's just that a, the chromebooks start to lag, which a
lot of like parents and teachers don't seem to realize that these chromebooks were not meant to, you know, be on google meet all day every day. And
yeah, so it's like, of course it's gonna start running a little slow and a little buggy because you know, you're eating up memory just being on call all day. So it's frustrating and sometimes there's not a whole lot that we can do about it, but at the very least, you know, the kids have like these devices and they can contact and be with their teacher. Um, we have kids that are back in the school buildings since the beginning of october, probably about maybe a half or fourth of the school is actually back in, but everybody has to wear masks right.
Uh, Georgia had it pretty bad at the beginning. I think our cases have been going down but it feels like a lot of things have gotten a little black sir so I would not be surprised if
things started
going back up.
honestly it's just kind of interesting to see how often you you know just forget that a social interaction was necessary until you no longer could have it. I mean like before the pandemic you sit there and think that oh man running grocery running errands is such a pain and I hate doing it. But now you sit there and be like I really just want to get out of the house even just to go to target and buy a loaf of bread. I don't care I just want to go. Yeah
This,
I
mean basically
if he's not going to be seeing anybody because I mean like I'm back in the building as an I. T. Professional, but I actually see teachers, the librarian, the principal. I see them all every day
and you know, some of them, you know need help with the stuff that I can help out with. But you know, it's not like I'm sitting in an office and just, you know, dealing with everything virtually. Because if I'm going to deal with it virtually, I might as well just stay at home
during
a pandemic and you just kind of stopped questioning things.
You're like, all right. You want me to come in every other week, I guess?
uh Yeah, I'm going to be doing a raid on destiny two sometime soon. Ish. Yeah.
If I can get there her, just patrick. Can you see her? Okay.
we go.
the administration changes.
She's
she's enjoyed sitting on this blanket ever since she was a kitten.
And I think she only likes this blanket when I'm sitting under it again
and
never actually see her. Like try to sit with my husband could go to sleep.
I think
it's more likely I move less because even even uh sleeping in the bed, I move a lot less than my husband does.
Nice and stable
2020
has been hard enough. Put up Christmas decorations if you wanted
to make you happy. Sure.
Sounds
fun.
Mhm. No, go good.
Mhm. You stay safe too. Bye
bye.