SPEAKER_L: Yes, yeah, china. I don't know. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Yeah, sure.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm serious.
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good thank you. Mhm. Come on. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Alex latrine.
SPEAKER_L: Catherine. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from Baltimore but I live in Durham. Where are you from,
SPEAKER_L: From New Jersey?
SPEAKER_R: wherever you are? You in New Jersey right now. Lucky you. I would give anything to flee to the north.
SPEAKER_L: How is it that down there?
SPEAKER_R: It's fine. I mean I'm just from a city and now I live in a township if you ask me. So it's like I mean plus like it's we're in a pandemic really nothing to do. Um And I would just rather not be here. I moved here from London, so it was like from like the best city I've ever lived into. Like probably the second slowest. Well under the amount of time, it's like living next to like a strip mall for the entirety. There is nothing but like HI mean I'm 25 so it's just like for a single 25 year old who like would enjoy social interaction. It's just not. That's great. What part of New Jersey are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from like Central so it's like okay, it's like nice. But like it's also like the same sort of situation where it's like I can either Go to the same fast food restaurant I've been to like 12 times go to the beach or be awkward. We looked at by people who I don't know or homophobic or not. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: my God. Is it like, so you live by the beach? Is it like a tourist town?
SPEAKER_L: Not like entirely like my town sort of big. Like I have like two areas of it and I live like on one area and then we have one area that has like all the nice beach houses and stuff. So like maybe that area, but not like where I live in detail. I don't think I get a lot of tourists like in my area because we're not directly on the big beaches, like the big like Jersey Shore beaches. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: used to be obsessed with Jersey shore. Like how old is that? Like 12. It was like the light of my life. Excuse me, I'm eating dinner because
SPEAKER_L: No, it's OK. What
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: are you eating?
SPEAKER_R: I got I made salmon and crab cakes and mashed potatoes
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: my life would shoot me in the foot for not eating vegetables, but I don't care. I like don't go grocery shopping at all. Ever stop by the store to get they to get like literally just a fish and walked right past approaches and it was like maybe next time we'll be back for you. So, and the agitators like leftover from like three days ago. Uh I've been successful in Oh yeah, living life.
SPEAKER_L: Are you working right now or?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah. So I'm I'm actually a graduate student at U. N. Scene. I
SPEAKER_L: heart?
SPEAKER_R: do that and because I don't have boundaries, I have like three other campus jobs. Um So I tutor, I also got a job as a pharmacy tag. This is when I say it out loud, it sounds absolutely ridiculous. So like when the pandemic happened, my two different job was like, hey obviously we're not doing in person tutoring sessions, stay tuned, you might get fired. So I was like oh shit, so one of my friends is a pharmacist and she was like oh we're hiring at the pharmacy if one of your pharmacy tech. And I was like but I don't have medical innovations, like you literally don't need one. I was like but I barely know math. She said you literally just need to know how to count. I was like okay fine. So I basically like almost failed the test like cause like you have to do like this online tests, like they make you like in order to even apply, they make you like type of prescriptions, like in this like simulator. And apparently mine was bad because she was attracted to her. I was like, oh did you guys come application? And she was like, yeah, it wasn't great, but because I vouched for you, my boss is gonna bring you in for an interview, so she
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: didn't look fine. I mean, I haven't like fucked anything up, so it's fine. I think the test was like bullshit. It was probably something weird, like you didn't capitalise like the first letter of somebody's neighbors because like all of our systems are super particular,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: so I do that and then I'm also grading, I'm working as a teaching assistant and then I'm grading for two classes outside of that, so you know,
SPEAKER_L: That's good.
SPEAKER_R: doing that. Have you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm like, I'm a freshman in college right now, like underground, so like I should be there, but I'm not so I go figure. Um
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: So I tutor what
SPEAKER_R: where will you be?
SPEAKER_L: I would be at smith like in massachusetts, but I'm not obviously. So um I tutor like five days a week, so I do that and then I I joined us on the side and then I do this pretty consistently. I got one like multi platform stuff for it and that's how it's going right now.
SPEAKER_R: How many of the conversations have you done so far?
SPEAKER_L: This is my second, what about you?
SPEAKER_R: And then my second one to like you can do up to six. I was like, I'll be doing sex
SPEAKER_L: Between 6? I'll be trying for seven.
SPEAKER_R: Well I will be doing sex. But the thing is it's head though, the thing said like oh this is only the first session, this is the one that started october 7th and like you can do other ones which probably do six thing. This one I was like so november 1st I'll be checking again and let's see how that works. So um I did my first one when Yesterday at six. a.m. And I was like Girl, please don't ever check that box again. My 1st 1 and then this is my second.
SPEAKER_L: I did my first one on monday.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Where are you cheater?
SPEAKER_L: I tutor like um like our district, like not my district but like the public district by me, it's um like doing hybrid so there's a lot of kids um who just need help, so I do it like privately, so like I'm self employed on that, so I just go to people's houses and I like to do their kids.
SPEAKER_R: How did you set that up? Like I was thinking because my .1% so they all displayed, but this can be $15 an hour. Like I only do the athletes she is and what it's like tutoring like D1 athletes who don't have lives because they're being exploited by the university. So it's like, oh this is super exciting. And I went to like a liberal arts school, I didn't have any of this. And so like this whole world of college athletics was completely porn changed when I met them and I was like, wow, there's a lot of shit going on here what I want because they see a little bit to me. But oh maybe you should tutor Children who are nice to you. I was like, I was like, what am I supposed to do? Like put something on credit cards or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: For me, I it depends on like the area, but like I did a lot of facebook And I just happened to be like in a good place for like the market was in like demand, it wasn't super oversaturated, like I'm gonna keep scared of that. Like when I go away to college, like I feel like every other kid is gonna be like, Oh tutor for money and now we have like 5000 tutors and two kids who don't do well at math. But right now I just put a bunch of ads up on facebook, like I posted them in like different local groups to write towns around where I live. And then after that, like once you get set up, a lot of it is just referrals like two people I have right now that are pretty consistent or because I tutored for either a relative or a friend and they got referred through that.
SPEAKER_R: we'll call I what is it doing? What was I doing? I was going to like my baby, my baby to pets people's dogs. And there was just one lady was like, I'm stuffed with her Pomeranian and then she'd like another word dog, They were absolute like fucking nightmares. It was shit. Every time I'm telling them, like I literally went like every time I believe the house through the shit and it was like, it's not like I was like gallivanting around town, I literally went to my car to get something out of my trunk and they had shot on the floor like the third seconds that I was gone And but she was upstairs with them and she's like, I'm like 50" a day, like I promised you end up isn't enough. And I was like, fine, I like harass you. So I was telling her all of these pictures, so that was enough for her to think that article will be singing and being. So she recommended me to babysit because I think that's the 1 to 1 correlation. So she recommended me to one of her friends because he was like looking for a nanny because all of his kids were going virtual school. They were also fucking nightmares. They were like 11, 9 and seven. And like uh oh God
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: watch Children. It was like, I'm not fucking repented and I rude as fuck and like, I actually think that my Children have emotions
SPEAKER_L: Which?
SPEAKER_R: and to be treated like human beings, but um I don't want to, but I was going to because or so I wear it because they weren't like it was awful. Also virtual school is not working
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: how?
SPEAKER_L: it's not.
SPEAKER_R: they all had, I didn't even really think about it obviously because I'm a single person. I don't have Children but I wouldn't. They all go to three different schools, which I don't know how that happened. But they all go to three different schools. So they all want three different schedules. So they were all in three different laptops. All of them were like confused about how to get into their shit. But then when they have different breaks at different times. So like two of them on their laptop and then there's this random secure like cartwheeling in the background literally up their screen calls while they're in the middle of class and running around screaming for us that that was a while. This is not sustainable. I hate that we're in this predicament. But yet here we are.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I tutored someone today and like they're doing awful with online school, like it's a boy and a girl and the boys are not that bad. But the girl like I went into like go upstairs in her bedroom and first of all the families like all over the place that I would come in and they're like we don't have a chair for you, can you just sit on her bed with her?
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: And I'm like okay. And then so um I get in and the data is like yeah so she fell asleep on both of her local meats and did not go to class. So can you like teacher what she didn't learn in class? And I was like okay.
SPEAKER_R: know, how old are you?
SPEAKER_L: She's like in third grade and the things like every time I go she's like 50 assignments of like not done, like missed work and I'm like I want to help her but like she is beyond she's beyond an hour a week. Like she needs like intervention till I get all this shit done. And like catch up on the fact that like she's not even like a wake for school. Like you got to put your foot down and wake her up. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's absolutely I think that our students for a deal with me for 15 minutes. It would be so bad. I really did not know where to start. Like you are not capitalizing your eyes and your I need you to get it together Located. Just start by doing a spell check. Like that went through this paper by 50%. Please just do it. But it's like, it's insane. And now I don't want to because all the right to an exception. All mine very why Like college students are fucking wires and that's fine. Um Adam's wire, but also it's not that hard to be good at it and their battle and that's what's crazy do you mean? Because we're on Doom? We can't even turn the cameras off. You could look at it. Really fucking your girlfriend with the camera and the sound off. I would think that you were doing a reading and there would be nothing for me to know. But they'll come and they'll answer the phone in the mall and be like, hey I'm in the mall. You did not need to disclose that information and now you're going to get rid of right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely.
SPEAKER_R: What are you doing? Are you like said that you're not away at college? How are you? Kind of like
SPEAKER_L: Me.
SPEAKER_R: them,
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean like Yeah and no, like there was definitely good parts of it like just like they felt the money, I'm not paying for room and board, which is good. I mean it's sort of like I'm unlike financially and stuff like that. So they always find a way to cheat me out of that one way or another. So like when I um got the announcement that we weren't going on campus, they like cut my aid in like response to that. So like it wasn't really like a huge savings but it was okay. And then also I was supposed to get like work study and like they didn't give me a job like I went on my portal for like the workday stuff and they were like literally two jobs and one of them was a ta for like genetics and I was a freshman government and economic students. I was like okay talk this. So eventually they had to go back and retake all of the work study money out from people who aren't on campus and just then pay it to them. So that was the whole thing. But
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm a God.
SPEAKER_L: here we are.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. I'm mm. Probably I would have loved and I had to go to Iowa for school in time. Like that's because I had already been. I feel like if it was my first semester, I would've been like crap. This sucks. I don't want to bring this up for you. This was a terrible experience. But what was it like having your senior year like in a pandemic?
SPEAKER_L: it was okay. Like I think it was like definitely interesting. Like I was sort of that person that like I don't want to say like kiss ass but like I was pretty involved in high school and part of it was like I needed to be involved. Like I could go to like a school and I get a scholarship was like I did not know how to pay for it else was um It was definitely like weird
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: to like lose prom and like lose graduation and all that stuff. But once I was like three months out I was like I actually don't like some of these people and I I'm glad I'm not coming back like yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No, I um I was in the same exact but which is how I ended up in a fucking I don't want to go to school. All right. I literally my psychologist dr I was like I had him I need to go to college. That would be ideal. And he was looking pretty cool. Like how much do you think your parents can pay? And I was literally nothing. And he's like, oh cool hair. Some schools don't give you a ton of money. Yeah. Got all these applications to stand for the few whatever is over there. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: Did you go to like University of Iowa?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's a good now.
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's cool, what are you studying? That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: So I did the history and underground and Green doesn't have an education major. Which this is how fucking dumb Miami. I'm already getting a sense that you're smarter than me when I was your age but I wanted to be a teacher and I went to a school that didn't have an education major, so that was done. Um and I didn't realize it until like months after I arrived, I want to declare my major and I was like, oh, I'm here to be a history teacher. I'm going through an education manager. Like that doesn't, that doesn't exist though. What do you mean for that shit? What? That has been a history major? Because I was like, oh, what if I teach something is going to have to be issue because I can't fucking read, I don't know math and that's like there's nothing left. I'm definitely gonna do a foreign language science would be a nightmare if I was in charge of it. So history. It is and it's funny because people keep asking me because I'm getting a PhD now, but really it's just because it's like,
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: know, I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: don't have any
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: other worlds those people involved in school. So people ask me, oh my goodness! Like you must love history. Huh? No, I mean it's interesting. Sure, but I don't want to wake up every day like I can't wait to be this fucking book.
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: I don't you mean like I mean like economics was like I don't know I guess it's practical like it's a good major or like whisper arts and smith so we don't have a business or any of that shit. So like anyone who goes into business is usually like an economics is a major and people are like, oh wow you best. You know, I had someone ask me like when I put it like up or like told some people that I was majoring in economics and like the end of high school and they were like, wow, you know, I've never really seen you passionate about economics and I'm like bitch, I just wanna fucking job like it ain't
SPEAKER_R: Who
SPEAKER_L: that deep. I'm not going, I'm not going home in the middle of the night
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: supplying
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: the millions.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Like who wakes up like I just love the fucking stock market. But even still, obviously this is a strategic choice. Like I'm going to get paid for this fucking degree. I would like a job when I'm done.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but I went to a school that was like a magnet school forgetting that we took kids from like all over the county and you have to test it and stuff. Like it was a good experience. But at the same time I went just with a lot of like very wealthy people who have like no perception on like Earth. It was like, I remember this one girl who was like super sweet but she was also super sweet cause she was just so dumb and like not what are we not have any idea what was going on in the world? And like I remember she like, Like applied early decision to like University of Miami which is like $60,000 a year. And remember like we were talking in class, um, just for context, not related, but she was always that bit, you have to ask the dumbest fucking question like
SPEAKER_R: People are,
SPEAKER_L: that. But remember we're talking in class once and she was like, Oh why aren't you eating too like your top school? And I was like, because even if they let me in, if they don't give me any money, like I can't go. And she was like, what does that mean? And I was like,
SPEAKER_R: It means that I can't afford to pay $50,000 a year baby. Like what are you talking about?
SPEAKER_L: her name was also like Ansley. Which I feel like ads
SPEAKER_R: I feel like Ansley is like one of
SPEAKER_L: remember.
SPEAKER_R: those Caylee Haley Braley names like make fun of on instagram,
SPEAKER_L: she used to have like an account where she would like draw Pomeranians.
SPEAKER_R: were they good?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God. I feel like that's gonna be your thing. Like you should probably be a good enough
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: at it. But like
SPEAKER_L: feel like like why Palmer apparently like I had a friend like he was in class
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: her and
SPEAKER_R: mean?
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: Why Pomeranian? She's the human equivalent. It sounds like.
SPEAKER_L: she remember she would like um like turn like she would be in class and she would be on the computer like looking like she was doing notes but she wouldn't be drawing Pomeranians in class and then I'm like bitch, why do you think you have to ask so many stupid questions? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I see. And then like those are people who like end up in college and then I end up tutoring them or I'm like you don't know anything and like I understand that's fine. Like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: you oh
SPEAKER_L: okay not to know anything. But I feel like when I've been in general writing courses and stuff and you do like pure review, it's always the people of the worst papers who have the most to say.
SPEAKER_R: and it's not ever constructive. It's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: not a hurt.
SPEAKER_R: I think it'd be good if you talked about oranges in this paragraph because that would add some life tear writing this paragraph about brazil bitch. What are you talking about? Also I always hated peer review because I felt like people just gave the dumbest feedback. Like especially and I think to like I am not like over critical of myself and like uh like negative way but like if I write a paper this shit like I know shit like it's good. I know it's good and if I write a paper that's bad. I know it's bad. So I wouldn't be peer review and people like that, it's just so great. Like I could literally name 10 things about this that are absolutely fucking awful, but like, okay, this is not well like all of your critics, you have no criticism. What is the point? Like I purposefully wrote this to help you out and you can't pick up what I'm putting down please.
SPEAKER_L: It's very realistic. I remember I would go to high school, Some kids would be like would like stay up all night on the paper and like put their life into it, but when we got into class like and it was obviously had spent a lot of work on it when they got into classes, like I wrote this an hour before it was too, it's so fucking bad. Oh my God guys, I'm so sorry, it's so fucking bad. And then like if they didn't get the compliments, they were like fishing for it, would you
SPEAKER_R: You can
SPEAKER_L: could see
SPEAKER_R: open.
SPEAKER_L: the look on their face. We also got a thing for a while and I don't know if it's just like a magnet school thing where you have a bunch of kids that went to my school and there's a certain type like we wouldn't really have a kids who would like lie about how much sleep they got and like what rounded down so they seemed like I don't know like they would be like oh my they would like their sort of you think people would brag about like getting two hours of sleep?
SPEAKER_R: And being sleep deprived. I just want that to where we were actually getting two hours of sleep and because we would all be on facebook messaging each other, like I don't know what the fuck this is like we were doing and I wasn't even because like we were geniuses. It was literally because our school had just started doing like I be programs and so we had no idea what was going on and just also didn't know what was going on because this was like that third year doing, we were all just kind of like what the fuck is this?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: we only have like one, we only had like one ap at our school for some reason. And that was always a thing of the parents would complain about. I don't know but it was like a peacock. And I think the reason that we never got more A. P. S. Is that the woman that was trying to teach it like literally could not teach. Like I remember we were in a like a zoom call for like corona like when it first broke out. and like, she didn't teach us for the exam Instead went on like a 20 minute rant about why that Corona isn't real because we're in an election year and
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: that if we hadn't been in an election year, we would all be in school.
SPEAKER_R: work? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but it was like this woman also taught financial literacy, so that was also not the best move in the world, but
SPEAKER_R: Why? What? What ma'am? No,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: that's not really how science works. But like
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: okay, also you're a teacher, What are you doing? And soon that's the problem with education now. No, I wanted to be a teacher. Obviously that's what I thought I was going to do the grand. And then I actually started like teaching in school.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: Well, first of all, I was teaching in schools in rural Iowa, which is like nothing but like under armour, Nike and cowboy hats and I was always the only black person in the room. Mm Who is this negro? Like just here Observing your class. Guys look at it like this was like a ton of like 10,000 people. Like outside of the professors there's maybe one black family and another black family. Because when they moved to town was like P. S. A. Sent like everybody just knew, What did you hear that black family? And it was the whole thing. I was like, oh cool cool, great. Got it. So then I started being in schools and I was like wow, like being a teacher actually is super difficult and it really kind of sucks. And then also they let anybody work with you and it's not easy being teachers. And saying when I graduated from my last semester of college, I was applying to graduate schools. Like the day I got my first acceptance to graduate school, my high school history teacher literally was like, hey look, do you want to be a teacher? We can put you in T. F. A. If you want to. And I was like, I mean yes, but if I was um this would be a terrible decision. Like if it's that easy to get somebody to teach in a school. No wonder I had some of the teachers that I had. When do I got? And I was like, oh maybe. So I was like granting an email that I got to know that I got into graduate school and I was like, yes, time to delay responsibility, I won't be coming.
SPEAKER_L: Are you going to still be a T shirt? You're gonna go for like a professor rolling out.
SPEAKER_R: Um And it's going to be a professor but I don't really want to do that to be honest. I mean I guess I'm smart enough but I would really just love to not work. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I feel that.
SPEAKER_R: And the use use what I want to do that in a patriarchal society seems to me to be a housewife. However I have no husband. So I have to like have goals but
SPEAKER_L: I don't want to work, but I don't want to be a housewife either. Like.
SPEAKER_R: and see I would love to be a housewife if there wasn't a man involved. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I get what you mean, like a housewife, but like not married, like I would just want like a little sticker in the mail, but it's like you don't need to have a job and your taxes and your bills and utilities are paid for it to be like cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And that's the thing, there's just this one going around, it's like oh what's your dream job? And somebody like I don't have a dream job, I don't dream of working. Like today I really wanted to um tie dye the sweatsuit start up. I was going to like bleach to diving. So I went to the store and I got all this stuff, I went to walmart and I felt really bad about it and I was like sorry I can't help it. I live in the lead nowhere. And so also and then I was actually trying to do this because I have to work for money mm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what? Every day I wake up and there's something that I want to be like, I think I read a book, Watch me like, oh you have bills so can't really do that. But the thing is because I'm getting a PhD, people are always like, on the rare occasions wife said that like there's no way you'd be happy doing that, you're so smart. Like don't you want to be a career woman? No,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: I?
SPEAKER_L: Don't know. Yeah. Like why do they always like, I'm just thinking about it now. Like they wouldn't agree like ask us in like first grade, like what's your dream job? And I'm like, I don't know. Like
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: literally
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: could not like not drew on myself until yesterday. And you're asking me if like, if I want to be like a businessman or an astronaut.
SPEAKER_R: And the thing is not only is that one of the dumbest things, but it's also just kind of like, people are like so like conditioned to have an answer to that, that like they just like say something and then they stick with it just for the sake of sticking with it. Like people find it so hard to believe that like, I don't have a dream job or like I'm not super invested in being a professional, I'm going to finish the PhD mostly just because you know, I have like this thing about failure but um so really it's just a complex,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: but um people always like, oh so you're gonna be a professor, right? And I'm like I'm probably not be like no no, no, don't worry, like I know the job market's hard but don't be discouraged and like it's not that it's not like I don't really want to, like there's 50 other things that I could do with my time that I'd be fine doing, you know, working athletics with these kids and their pieces of shit, but I really like them. Um And they're really funny, they have great personalities, they're just terrible students and religious liars, which is fine. I mean it's fun, it's always like literally last week, one of the, one of my students um texted his advisor was like, my tutor is not in the set in the zoom room, right? So the advisor comes and he's like looking at me and I'm looking at him and I'm like, hey, so he's like, hey, just waiting for him to join. So he calls him on speakerphone and he's like, hey, where are you? And he's like, oh, I mean my tutoring session. And he's like, that's funny because I'm here in your tutor's here and you are not. And he was like, oh, I went to the bathroom,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I I'm coming right now. Like what? First of all,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like if I don't show up to two existence, I could get fired. Uh don't lie. But also here in literally like he's sitting right here, he knows the turnout here. But I mean, and while I was like wow, that was usually there was no reason for you to tell that it was also like pretty amusing and kind of funny and I mean when they actually do pay attention and like you actually are hoping that it is pretty rewarding. I mean I could do that. Um I don't really want to be an influencer because I don't want people on the internet to harass me, but I could also do that I guess although that shit is so fucking hard and people that can seem like it's well what it is. Um Or I could just go teach high school or I could go work at my old high school or I could work as a professional twitter or I could work like there's just multiple things, People, I was like no, there's no way that you're okay with getting a PhD and not using it. Like I literally don't give a shit, like, you must not know who raised me, like, my parents are great, but like we, they, and they both have had jobs my whole life, but never like, oh, can't come to your game. I have a meeting to go to at work, It was like, I'm going to go to work and I'm gonna be home literally at 3 14 PM every day and like the rest of my day is going to be like at the dinner table, eating dinner and like putting investment like their lives or 100% about us and the only one to work so they can pay for all of our shit. Like it wasn't like you need to be a career woman and I'm a career woman and you must follow in my footsteps.
SPEAKER_L: Hope.
SPEAKER_R: It was like, isn't our family so great? Oh yeah, work once I'm back, we can resume our lives. So I'm just like, I'm not I don't care about any of that at all. Like, if I worked hard enough, I feel like maybe I could get like a bullet
SPEAKER_L: Popular.
SPEAKER_R: or something, but I I do not care.
SPEAKER_L: Like what what I mean? Like what would I even do with the poets are like
SPEAKER_R: Give talks, get grants. The thing about it is I feel like getting prizes like that is just like being a celebrity, because you just keep getting more like the celebrities that once you get like a certain amount of money, you just get all of this free shit thrown at you, which is crazy because you can afford to buy it, but people just want you to have it so that they can elevate their brands. You get so much free shit. And it's actually been the kind of things that people get for free. Like Cardi B got a Birkin bag from fashion over for her birthday. All right. I don't think it was one of the more expensive ones that's an expensive research on this, really, literally, just to make the point, I'm an Aquarius, so like, I would not be wrong about anything ever, but somebody tweeted something about, would you rather have property or Birkin? And I was like, depending on the property, like, Birkin could be worth more, and they're like, no, you're absolutely fucking insane. I was like, oh, am I? So I wouldn't do all of this fucking internet research and apparently there's something like six figures, but it has to be like made in a certain year, made out of a certain material, whatever. And she got one of the ones, seems more like a gin pop model, like it seems like a 10,000 $35,000 bag. Not like a quarter million dollars bag, but still she got that shit for fucking free. The last thing I got for free was like a sticker holder from Walgreens. Like Nobody is giving people who need things free things at all. Like
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: no one also just you know and I want that probably an interesting job because
SPEAKER_L: trump.
SPEAKER_R: somebody fashion nova had to order it and send it to her like that somebody's jobs. But oh it's J. Lo's birthday goddess under something nice. What are we going to get her? Oh let's get her a G wagon.
SPEAKER_L: And I would start like making up celebrities, birthdays or like makeup celebrities and like try and convince my boss they were irrelevant even if they were and then just send shit to myself.
SPEAKER_R: Honestly like that probably would not even be difficult to do or just like Greg the system and make yourself tiptop famous and then just like oh I'm also a celebrity, like there's this girl who I'm obsessed with on the top. People like I watched the top because I feel like I'm not really need to talk to target demographic, but I do it anyway, like at least two days a week before I was like, oh, there's just one girl. Hoodie Morris was like a fashion assistant in new york, I'm just like, Wow, my job is so hard, this is terrible. I worked for so many rich people, I'm underpaid and overworked. What is confusing because she also has a lot of expensive things, but one day she was like, I make $20 an hour, my Britain's $3,000 a month. I just picked up a second job, but then she had only compare $150 jeans the other day and she had only these off white leggings over like almost $200. And I was like, I don't understand the math is the math thing, it does not compute. And I would just like, her parents probably just buy it for her, but she went on this whole rent ones about how her parents refuse to financial life. So I'm like, where where do you get money from? What's happening? Confused. But also she has shown her apartment and for $3,000 a month, she's getting ripped off, right? For sure. Yeah, absolutely. She might as well just live in Brooklyn and takes like the hour plus commute every day. Like, what she's saying is absolutely fucking ridiculous, like it's like over, but it's a new york. So, you know, if my life goes my way, then I too will be getting exploited by new york landlords and I'll be over paying for an apartment to what's up campaign, cannot wait, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah So looks like the, we passed the 25 minute mark so I gotta bounce but this was a very good conversation.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, great. How was your one on monday?
SPEAKER_L: Um It was good like I was like whoa he's scared. I was like oh my God America like a creepy like man. Yeah I was, I was like oh God like please don't let me happen to me. It was actually like she was like some woman in her thirties and she actually majored in history to
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: yeah actually started in Nikon which is my major and moved to history and she was like, I moved to history cause I wasn't good at icon and I was like saying me too, but here I am.
SPEAKER_R: no, I have. I actually did. He wasn't creepy, but he definitely was a man and he was like his family owned a horse farm or like his dad is like a horse trainer, not unsure unclear whether they own the farm or what, what, what they bought, some of the horses, there was a lot going on there. Um But he had a ton of cats and he said like kind of a reckless, but he was nice and it was fun. Oh, I mean yeah, this is being recorded but they're not gonna show this to him so he won't know that.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, great. It was nice meeting, you know,
SPEAKER_L: meeting. You have a good day.
SPEAKER_R: you to enjoy your next four conversations. Make
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: martin.