Yes, yeah, china. I don't know. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Yeah, sure.
Yeah, I'm serious.
I'm good thank you. Mhm. Come on. Okay.
Catherine. Where are you from?
From New Jersey?
How is it that down there?
I'm from like Central so it's like okay, it's like nice. But like it's also like the same sort of situation where it's like I can either Go to the same fast food restaurant I've been to like 12 times go to the beach or be awkward. We looked at by people who I don't know or homophobic or not. Okay.
Not like entirely like my town sort of big. Like I have like two areas of it and I live like on one area and then we have one area that has like all the nice beach houses and stuff. So like maybe that area, but not like where I live in detail. I don't think I get a lot of tourists like in my area because we're not directly on the big beaches, like the big like Jersey Shore beaches. Yeah.
No, it's OK. What
are you eating?
That's
good.
Are you working right now or?
heart?
And
What?
That's good.
Yeah, I'm like, I'm a freshman in college right now, like underground, so like I should be there, but I'm not so I go figure. Um
So I tutor what
I would be at smith like in massachusetts, but I'm not obviously. So um I tutor like five days a week, so I do that and then I I joined us on the side and then I do this pretty consistently. I got one like multi platform stuff for it and that's how it's going right now.
This is my second, what about you?
Between 6? I'll be trying for seven.
I did my first one on monday.
I tutor like um like our district, like not my district but like the public district by me, it's um like doing hybrid so there's a lot of kids um who just need help, so I do it like privately, so like I'm self employed on that, so I just go to people's houses and I like to do their kids.
For me, I it depends on like the area, but like I did a lot of facebook And I just happened to be like in a good place for like the market was in like demand, it wasn't super oversaturated, like I'm gonna keep scared of that. Like when I go away to college, like I feel like every other kid is gonna be like, Oh tutor for money and now we have like 5000 tutors and two kids who don't do well at math. But right now I just put a bunch of ads up on facebook, like I posted them in like different local groups to write towns around where I live. And then after that, like once you get set up, a lot of it is just referrals like two people I have right now that are pretty consistent or because I tutored for either a relative or a friend and they got referred through that.
Yeah.
Which?
No,
it's not.
Mhm. I tutored someone today and like they're doing awful with online school, like it's a boy and a girl and the boys are not that bad. But the girl like I went into like go upstairs in her bedroom and first of all the families like all over the place that I would come in and they're like we don't have a chair for you, can you just sit on her bed with her?
And I'm like okay. And then so um I get in and the data is like yeah so she fell asleep on both of her local meats and did not go to class. So can you like teacher what she didn't learn in class? And I was like okay.
She's like in third grade and the things like every time I go she's like 50 assignments of like not done, like missed work and I'm like I want to help her but like she is beyond she's beyond an hour a week. Like she needs like intervention till I get all this shit done. And like catch up on the fact that like she's not even like a wake for school. Like you got to put your foot down and wake her up. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
Me.
Well, I mean like Yeah and no, like there was definitely good parts of it like just like they felt the money, I'm not paying for room and board, which is good. I mean it's sort of like I'm unlike financially and stuff like that. So they always find a way to cheat me out of that one way or another. So like when I um got the announcement that we weren't going on campus, they like cut my aid in like response to that. So like it wasn't really like a huge savings but it was okay. And then also I was supposed to get like work study and like they didn't give me a job like I went on my portal for like the workday stuff and they were like literally two jobs and one of them was a ta for like genetics and I was a freshman government and economic students. I was like okay talk this. So eventually they had to go back and retake all of the work study money out from people who aren't on campus and just then pay it to them. So that was the whole thing. But
here we are.
it was okay. Like I think it was like definitely interesting. Like I was sort of that person that like I don't want to say like kiss ass but like I was pretty involved in high school and part of it was like I needed to be involved. Like I could go to like a school and I get a scholarship was like I did not know how to pay for it else was um It was definitely like weird
to like lose prom and like lose graduation and all that stuff. But once I was like three months out I was like I actually don't like some of these people and I I'm glad I'm not coming back like yeah.
Did you go to like University of Iowa?
Uh It's cool, what are you studying? That's cool.
but
then
you
know.
You
know
I don't you mean like I mean like economics was like I don't know I guess it's practical like it's a good major or like whisper arts and smith so we don't have a business or any of that shit. So like anyone who goes into business is usually like an economics is a major and people are like, oh wow you best. You know, I had someone ask me like when I put it like up or like told some people that I was majoring in economics and like the end of high school and they were like, wow, you know, I've never really seen you passionate about economics and I'm like bitch, I just wanna fucking job like it ain't
that deep. I'm not going, I'm not going home in the middle of the night
supplying
the millions.
Yeah, but I went to a school that was like a magnet school forgetting that we took kids from like all over the county and you have to test it and stuff. Like it was a good experience. But at the same time I went just with a lot of like very wealthy people who have like no perception on like Earth. It was like, I remember this one girl who was like super sweet but she was also super sweet cause she was just so dumb and like not what are we not have any idea what was going on in the world? And like I remember she like, Like applied early decision to like University of Miami which is like $60,000 a year. And remember like we were talking in class, um, just for context, not related, but she was always that bit, you have to ask the dumbest fucking question like
that. But remember we're talking in class once and she was like, Oh why aren't you eating too like your top school? And I was like, because even if they let me in, if they don't give me any money, like I can't go. And she was like, what does that mean? And I was like,
her name was also like Ansley. Which I feel like ads
remember.
she used to have like an account where she would like draw Pomeranians.
No,
I
feel like like why Palmer apparently like I had a friend like he was in class
with
her and
she
she remember she would like um like turn like she would be in class and she would be on the computer like looking like she was doing notes but she wouldn't be drawing Pomeranians in class and then I'm like bitch, why do you think you have to ask so many stupid questions? Yeah.
It's
okay not to know anything. But I feel like when I've been in general writing courses and stuff and you do like pure review, it's always the people of the worst papers who have the most to say.
It's
not a hurt.
It's very realistic. I remember I would go to high school, Some kids would be like would like stay up all night on the paper and like put their life into it, but when we got into class like and it was obviously had spent a lot of work on it when they got into classes, like I wrote this an hour before it was too, it's so fucking bad. Oh my God guys, I'm so sorry, it's so fucking bad. And then like if they didn't get the compliments, they were like fishing for it, would you
could see
the look on their face. We also got a thing for a while and I don't know if it's just like a magnet school thing where you have a bunch of kids that went to my school and there's a certain type like we wouldn't really have a kids who would like lie about how much sleep they got and like what rounded down so they seemed like I don't know like they would be like oh my they would like their sort of you think people would brag about like getting two hours of sleep?
I
know
we only have like one, we only had like one ap at our school for some reason. And that was always a thing of the parents would complain about. I don't know but it was like a peacock. And I think the reason that we never got more A. P. S. Is that the woman that was trying to teach it like literally could not teach. Like I remember we were in a like a zoom call for like corona like when it first broke out. and like, she didn't teach us for the exam Instead went on like a 20 minute rant about why that Corona isn't real because we're in an election year and
that if we hadn't been in an election year, we would all be in school.
but it was like this woman also taught financial literacy, so that was also not the best move in the world, but
Well,
no.
But
Are you going to still be a T shirt? You're gonna go for like a professor rolling out.
I feel that.
I don't want to work, but I don't want to be a housewife either. Like.
Yeah, I get what you mean, like a housewife, but like not married, like I would just want like a little sticker in the mail, but it's like you don't need to have a job and your taxes and your bills and utilities are paid for it to be like cool. Yeah.
Yeah.
No,
Why?
Don't know. Yeah. Like why do they always like, I'm just thinking about it now. Like they wouldn't agree like ask us in like first grade, like what's your dream job? And I'm like, I don't know. Like
I
literally
could not like not drew on myself until yesterday. And you're asking me if like, if I want to be like a businessman or an astronaut.
And
No.
What?
Hope.
Popular.
Like what what I mean? Like what would I even do with the poets are like
true.
trump.
And I would start like making up celebrities, birthdays or like makeup celebrities and like try and convince my boss they were irrelevant even if they were and then just send shit to myself.
Yeah So looks like the, we passed the 25 minute mark so I gotta bounce but this was a very good conversation.
Um It was good like I was like whoa he's scared. I was like oh my God America like a creepy like man. Yeah I was, I was like oh God like please don't let me happen to me. It was actually like she was like some woman in her thirties and she actually majored in history to
yeah actually started in Nikon which is my major and moved to history and she was like, I moved to history cause I wasn't good at icon and I was like saying me too, but here I am.
Well,
meeting. You have a good day.
You
too.