SPEAKER_R: Hello. Right,
SPEAKER_L: You hear me?
SPEAKER_R: okay. Hey, what is Michael?
SPEAKER_L: Hey man, it's joe how you doing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna about you man?
SPEAKER_L: Not too bad, not too bad, whereabouts uh whereabouts are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in south Carolina right now. Like I go to school at Clemson and so I just finished my first year of mhm graduate school. And so yeah. How about you? Where you at?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I'm in N. Y. C. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: crazy man. Crazy. You've been saved up there though.
SPEAKER_L: Uh More or less yeah we're like face for and uh it's gone a lot better so not like what it was, you know back in March.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That sounds good man. So what do you do if you might be asking? All right new york
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: school,
SPEAKER_L: work in I. T. Uh I was doing contracting but because of the whole shutdown the contract got cut short and basically out of work and looking for new work now.
SPEAKER_R: wow okay. Well I hope things start to go for the better for you man. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah same here. That's like I mean the market is really slow so we'll have to see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Well do you have any hobbies or
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: anything or extracurriculars
SPEAKER_L: Visa
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: I gained a little bit basketball uh like cycling stuff like that. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Yeah, I also do a little bit of gaming too. And um I like looking at um I like looking at a lot of shit, looked at a lot more tv than I probably should have. But like yeah, I like
SPEAKER_L: W
SPEAKER_R: looking at Enemy and cartoons and stuff so yeah, I look at a lot of that type of stuff and I've recently got into the stock market like what I've heard a lot of people have gotten into so far, but that's been going pretty okay, I guess I could say not terrible, so that's a good, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's never too early. I mean yes it's never too early to start, right? So you might as well you can. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Get exposure I guess is the best way to do it. And what I've learned is, you know, just buying stuff and not looking at it for a while, helps to seeing, seeing things go down, it's kind of painful, but yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The trick is uh you kind of have to. No no the dips the peaks and dips know when to look at it and went to get rid of it kind of. That's that's the trick of uh being savvy investors and also like don't be to greedy, sell like sell some like sell half when you already made some money and then just leave the rest. You feel like you can go up more or chance that I could, there's chance that it could go down as well, right? You never know. So good ideas. Yeah. Good idea is to sell some that you already know you're making a profit and keep the rest. So if you feel like it is going to keep going up or
SPEAKER_R: Can
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: see?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's also a good
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: strategy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, that's cool. Yes, probably always good to have exposure, so that's probably good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So what are you studying at Clemson?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I'm studying astronomy and physics. Uh well that's what my degree is in from my undergraduate and so um mainly we're focusing on physics um and the department here uh and well a few of the professors are doing stuff with like astronomy and stuff, which is my main interest, so yeah, I've been just doing kind of like research and stuff over the summer with some of the professors and getting a little bit of experience with the type of research they're doing and how they do it as far is that. And so yeah, next semester, well when the false mission starts, I'll be taking classes and I'll be focusing uh less on research and Trying to get the foundation 1st.
SPEAKER_L: so you're like doing a masters and astronomy and physics.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was gonna do a PhD but uh I don't know, I just feel like I wasn't as passionate as when I first started I guess and so I didn't want to laser focused into something that I don't have my whole heart into. So well just. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: You can get me aware of advice about PhD um like you know I mean it's good, I mean it doesn't hurt to get more education, but I can tell you I have a friend who's, you know, he spent like already a bit six years in a PhD is that once he's finished like he'll be competing with so many people just for that one spot to work, work at work in faculty or recently so I don't know, you know, this worth worth that kind of time just to play for that one spot, you know? That's you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's that's definitely valid too because I mean like I personally don't want to stay in academia because you know I spent a little bit too long in there, you know, I want to get a break from that so like getting a PhD won't necessarily help me get a job I guess. Uh You might be a little bit better but you know, I can do just as good with the master. So that's what I'm hoping that do with that and less time, you know like like this pain too. Yeah. Well
SPEAKER_L: that's time on this pain. Yeah, two
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: years, Right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So um I don't know if it might change because I was on the like the PhD track so far and so they do have like requirements or anything but hopefully I just have one more year. So.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's that's just going to go by fast and you Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. This year already feels like it kind of went by so fast. 2020, like we're already halfway done. So I mean like just a little bit left I guess. But I don't know, I'm looking forward to I guess like everything that comes after as far as like finishing the program and then what the rest of the year has in store for us I guess, you know, wow.
SPEAKER_L: so you were you converted to doing online classes like since since March?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it was I think it was probably around March, which it was it was a bit shaky. We it was weird because I was also teaching a lab to uh since it's astronomy is we really just use like computers and stuff. So it wasn't too bad. But it feels really weird actually just like switching to that format and actually having to be like the first time teaching and then adjusting that and everything. So it was a good experience if nothing else. I guess so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: this is a transition period,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we'll be doing it for a little bit uh this semester to for I think like a month or two and then we'll be switching to uh in class meetings. Uh So I think they're just trying to make sure everyone's okay to come back to campus before they just throw us back into the pit I guess. All right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: They've been following any of like the sports or like have you been following anything like that?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not really that much into sports, but I have been getting into racing especially since they've been doing a lot more of the kind of like electronic racing as far as like just doing racing games um with a lot of professional people but that's just about all that I've kind of been getting into I guess. But I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: So you like to gain like uh like first person shooter?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's what I really like, I really like first person shooters and um fighter games. Um So yeah I've been I've been thinking about getting back into Call of Duty. I haven't played in a while, but my friends were saying no, it's it's pretty decent. This um called you before and everything, so that's something I like try to get back into as far as that. I am very addicted to Grant. I thought of those. So that's one thing
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: that I play very often, so
SPEAKER_L: You play on the PS four or what do
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: feels
SPEAKER_L: play this boy?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How about you? Are you
SPEAKER_L: I just play pc I don't have any I don't have any council. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, that's pretty
SPEAKER_L: Country. Yeah, that's about it now. I'm not too heavy heavily into gave me I like board games. Like board games though. Board games are fun.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, most definitely I do, I've been trying to get more actual board games because right now I don't really have any, but I do like actually like I guess like spending time just actually playing board games with people in person and stuff and so I want to start a small collection of them and everything, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's always it's always cool to do that. Like, you know, you just hang out with your friends and play the game. You should try this game now. It's called the SaIF. It's one of the most strategic games I've ever played. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. You
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: say it's safe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like there's digital or you can actually just get the natural or game itself huge. It's you the game takes like uh it could go anywhere from an hour to two hours just to finish.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, wow. Okay baby. Monopoly, But Okay, that's cool. Oh definitely, definitely like that because I do like strategy type games too. So if it's very strategic and very, you know, especially with people like, you know, and you can really get into it and everything then that's something after like, you know, be pretty cool. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: that's one of the most challenging games. Yeah, I was I always get destroyed in it, so. Yeah. Mhm. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty cool though. Yeah, do you like playing like card games or anything or?
SPEAKER_L: Card games.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess like you know, or like uh poker
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: no, no, occasionally pay poker. I not so much anymore, but like, you know, I would play the four games. Yeah, I really got mourned board games as a Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's really cool. And there's a side flock your favorite board game.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that's one of my favorite board games I like um do you play this game called? Code names? Right? Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So it's like a team games, like three verse. Yeah, it could be three verse three or whatever. Four verse four uh basically have like these pictures and then um there's the Cold master that has to use like one word and you're supposed to guess what those pictures are for your team. So it's kind of like, yeah you're trying to crack. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So it's almost like a kind of like taboo, have you played taboo or?
SPEAKER_L: I heard of the game they're playing.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, it's kind of like that were like you have a word trying to guess and you kind of like give them words around it, I kind of describe it or something like that, but
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yes. The same statement. Yeah that game that games too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's really cool. I pretty, I like taboo though, that's one game I kind of grew up playing with my family and everything that in our it's a it's a game called rummy cube, I don't know if you ever played that, it's like you have like little tiles and stuff. Um He got a match, oh do I know how to play? I think I free how to play that, but it's been a while since I played that game, but I used to play that a lot with like my mom and my brother and stuff. Um but definitely taboo, that's something like my whole family when we get together and we do event, we usually play that, so that's that's something that I really like playing.
SPEAKER_L: Okay let me might have seen it. I just never played it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Maybe
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I see it and
SPEAKER_R: and I'll definitely look into that site, does that spell like uh
SPEAKER_L: it's like the weapon I guess why I S
SPEAKER_R: S. E. Y.
SPEAKER_L: U. S. C. Y. Uh th e yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. Is five stars? That's dope.
SPEAKER_L: learning the game itself will take you like 1/2, maybe at least. Or even just to learn. Yeah. Yes
SPEAKER_R: I'm down for that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: As
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: long
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: as it's rewarding, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like it's really intricate and when you find your strategy how to win that, it's really rewarding because.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can most definitely get competitive. So that's when I get that is it's going to be good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So yeah that's that's a good thing. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: Uh what are the games have? Uh yeah, mainly those those games I've been playing most recently. Code names and site games.
SPEAKER_R: Here, you see A cycle is digital too. Right, So I guess that makes it a whole lot easier.
SPEAKER_L: He has steam, you can get it on steam for like when it goes on sale for like 10, or 12 or something like that around that, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So how are you on mass? Are you on like mechanical turk or what are you on to do this kind of uh these survey things? Oh
SPEAKER_R: I'm only using um prolific right now. Um Someone did tell me, I think it was turk about some another um So everybody think they were using, I meant to look it up, but yeah, right now I'm just using prolific. I usually have it in the background so I'm able to do it. Um But yeah, it's been pretty good. It pays very well, so not very upsetting. But I do want to look into, I guess other survey websites like this. How about your? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm using the same thing. This one I started like uh I started last year, but I realize if you don't leave in the background, you'll never get to the, you never get
SPEAKER_R: It's always crazy when I see uh surveys that pop up and they'd be like zero remaining spots. I'm like how how people get to be so fast. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. People are just, they're on it like right, like when it's there, it's crazy. So I found like the most surveys came during the pandemic, like there are so many just came popping in like during the Yeah, that's that's kind of where I've been on prolific the most and yeah, yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Especially with like, I guess having the extra time and stuff. Um because I started like maybe like a month before everything started like getting real bad and so like it was slow then, but then all of a sudden it's just just kept getting in the surveys and everything, which I wasn't complaining about because it was, it was pretty cool Every time I log in, I'd have like two or 3 surveys up there. And so
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: good. Yeah. This is her to make some side to side money. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Not bad at all. I always do try to have like something on the side I guess that I do because I also uh I donate plasma as well, which also pays very well to it. Um
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: It doesn't really take that long I guess, but it also gives pretty good money too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is that bad for you then? We're deleting your old plasma or?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well not really. Uh They do tell you like to stay very hydrated and stuff because your plasma does like um Yeah uh remake yourself, but like you your body generates more plasma. So like these are you only donate like twice in a week with a day in between the stuff. So if you do it like that, then you should be fine and stuff. So there's no like that affects from it necessarily. Unless uh you're not very hydrated and you do that and you go out and drink or something. That's when like real trouble starts to occur and everything because you're in a dehydrated state at that time. Um But I want to say it's like something that can negatively affect you or anything, but Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so there's a painful at all or just just thank
SPEAKER_R: Not,
SPEAKER_L: you. Well
SPEAKER_R: I mean the needle is very painful needles, like, well the needle looks about like that big, but like the actual needle part is like that longest stuff and so that I I haven't got used to that part when they actually have to stick the needle. But like other than that it's like donating blood. So.
SPEAKER_L: I was like going now, do they, do they do it all over, all over the country are just where you only where you are? Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: I think they do it like all around the country. I've I've well I'm from Georgia so I know there were a few there and then I went to Connecticut uh for my undergraduate and there were some there they were kind of far away from the actual university and then there's one right down the street from me in south Carolina. So
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: as far as my my limited knowledge goes, it's pretty spread out. So.
SPEAKER_L: especially, oh you're in Connecticut, who are you? What's more you what school do you that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I was in Wesleyan university, it was a small liberal arts school but it was in Middletown, it was I think it was like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: maybe an hour away from Hartford. I don't know if that helps you with the geography but uh
SPEAKER_L: I know we're here for is yeah, I sort of yeah, I sort of get, get with yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so it was near there um it was pretty close to new york so yeah I guess it would make sense that you know that because I know a lot of people they used to uh on the weekends they would go or they might drive or catch a Uber to um new york and like spend the weekend or something there. Uh we'll come back. But yeah I mean it was a pretty cool place I guess, but I wasn't ready for like for when it snowed there because I've been in the south of my life, so
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: bad.
SPEAKER_R: was like the real, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: that was like the real snowstorm I ever like experiencing. So it was a culture shock if I could say you're like, I was not ready at all, but
SPEAKER_L: did you have to drive? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: not in the snow, you're not in the snow. I didn't have
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: a car when I was an undergrad, but I couldn't imagine having to drive, like they cleared the roads really quickly, but you can kind of see like there was like there might be like ice or like snow on there and like, I've been driven on like a snow road and so like, that would probably terrified me. But uh I couldn't do that.
SPEAKER_L: that's the culture shock driving for the first time in the snow and on ice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so that that was something that I think it would be like just crazy and stuff and I don't know, I don't think I ever really got used to it and that's why I went back south again so I don't know it's nice to visit in the summary but oh you're out I don't know. Yeah have you always lived in a new york or
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: moved around?
SPEAKER_L: I'm I've been all over I'm actually Canadian. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: but I was really in Asia, I was actually living in Asia for the last like four years. I only moved here like a year a year ago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so how do you like it then? Uh
SPEAKER_L: I it wasn't my choice to bring here is my wife's
SPEAKER_R: Hi fair, okay that's cool,
SPEAKER_L: so I can't I really can't say I like it but you know I kinda lived with it being here.
SPEAKER_R: you're getting used to it I guess in yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah kind of picking on pick out in the groove. Getting used to. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's understandable yeah uh is there a place I guess uh ideally whether you would want to be settled or anything or?
SPEAKER_L: I definitely enjoy the like the city life. I'm not just a city like but also like the the countryside living in Asia like east mainly east Asia, mainly east asian east asian countries are I find uh for the best like I like I like those those cities that just yeah just a culture um convenience and things to do like I think they have it all so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty cool. Nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: mm mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't like to drive that much so that's why for me I prefer not to live somewhere. Do I have to drive all? Well
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense yeah because new york does have a pretty good transit um modes of transportation at least a republic transportation, no
SPEAKER_L: mean based out of North America it does have like 24 hour, 24 hour metro in some way. So please.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm yeah at least easy to get around or anything but Right
SPEAKER_L: Do you get around by, how do you get around by bike or?
SPEAKER_R: uh so I mean uh it was by bus because in Clemson around the university they have like the buses are free essentially. Uh So that was my main for the first year, but over the summer I did end up buying a car just to make like traveling around easier and visiting family because they're really just like an hour away from me in Georgia. Uh so just have an ability to go down there when I went to our uh unable to uh just kind of made a little bit easier with a car, so yeah and I don't know, I think I'm pretty much like driving it, it's pretty common I guess until like traffic and so that's when like that's when I don't like it, but which is weird because I guess like going into Atlanta, if you get on the wrong road, you can be in traffic for a while and I mean like, you know, like bumper to bumper traffic, that's just you're just sitting there and that's what I want to get out and walking. But like I've been there, it's pretty cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So you're originally from the lab?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I was born and raised in Atlanta and then uh I left the Connecticut so bounce around a little bit, but not too much. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know a whole lot about Atlanta. I mean I've never been down I've never actually been down south so I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you really, you lived around snow for most of your life, like it's going from Canada to new york and everything, but.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So like I only really been east coast, you know Toronto was were from originally and other parts of Canada. Yeah. It's only been the west coast L. A. Once. That's it. Haven't been anywhere else
SPEAKER_R: well. Nice. Well how did you like uh L. A. Then or?
SPEAKER_L: uh visit your family. It was, it was neat. But to get around, you have to have a car or someone to drive you because it's impossible to get around with like bus or the subway or whatever they call it there. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: that sucks man. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's brutal to get around.
SPEAKER_R: I guess it's a payoff are living in California though, you know? But pretty nice weather you're around and everything, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess you pay, you pay a premium to live in like all year around. That's kind. Uh Yes.
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Have you been to the west Coast?
SPEAKER_R: I've been once uh with a uh on a trip for like research and stuff. So I didn't really get to go around much, but I did get to go to the beach and everything and that's how I established that I had a fear of the ocean actually. So that, that was one thing. But uh, Yeah, I was there for like maybe four or 5 days or something. Uh it was pretty nice. Very good weather. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Really? Your your fear of the, I thought George is right by the right by the ocean, isn't it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, yeah, but like I've never actually like seeing the ocean until I went there besides like kind of like flying in the air and I don't know when I was at the beach. I guess that's when it really set in. Like the ocean is pretty big. I don't know if you noticed but that it's pretty big. So like just seeing that at night and just not being able to see anything but water. That kind of, it was the nail in the coffin for me. So I was like, it's pretty, but I don't want to go near it, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Is preaching
SPEAKER_R: that's when I cross cruise ships off my life goals or something, so. Well
SPEAKER_L: w shifts for you? Okay. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: how about
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: fishing?
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: You can do fishing like late.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, I put I went fishing like when I was younger or like smaller bodies of for like, like small lakes and stuff where I could like, you know, see land steel and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: So I wasn't too bad. But I don't know, the ocean is just ridiculous. Well
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it is, yeah, you can get, it is huge. So, yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's cool because I also uh january, I did go to hawaii for another conference for research and so I did go to the beach. We're all again saw the ocean, but I was able to get a little bit inside because they have like rings areas where it's kind of like a swimming pool. But um it was pretty cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. I've never been to Hawaii so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: It's a nice place, I have to admit it's really nice. It was really nice weather and everything and very nice to use. Especially the mountains. The mountains are really nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The volcanoes right They also got volcanoes there. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they do have, yeah some of them uh there was the dominant one that we kind of like hiked up Which was pretty cool. It was actually a nice view at the top two but try not to think about that. It is still a volcano, you know? But it was pretty cool. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yes it's not hot it's a hot when you're hiking up a dormant.
SPEAKER_R: no it
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: was really cold actually cause like we were pretty high up in the air also so I guess that's probably why. But yeah, we were pretty high up so it was kind of cool and it was a nice little breeze and everything but yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh huh. What time you got on your side for this ticker? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: I think the ticker went, Yeah, it's just five minutes online. But um I'm
SPEAKER_L: system
SPEAKER_R: pretty sure we yeah, I'm pretty sure it was 25 minutes because you started around 5:00 in my time. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we're at the same time. Yeah. 55. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, of course. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_L: All right. Um Yeah I guess I guess we're done I guess we're done. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Well, it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's just
SPEAKER_R: No state.
SPEAKER_L: it's nice to me you actually it's really neat talking to you. Big
SPEAKER_R: All right. I hope you have a good day. Let's see you.
SPEAKER_L: stay safe and uh I guess good all the best in your studies.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Thank you. All right. I'll see you.