You hear me?
Hey man, it's joe how you doing?
Not too bad, not too bad, whereabouts uh whereabouts are you?
Oh I'm in N. Y. C. Yeah.
Uh More or less yeah we're like face for and uh it's gone a lot better so not like what it was, you know back in March.
I
work in I. T. Uh I was doing contracting but because of the whole shutdown the contract got cut short and basically out of work and looking for new work now.
Yeah same here. That's like I mean the market is really slow so we'll have to see.
Well
Visa
I gained a little bit basketball uh like cycling stuff like that. How about yourself?
W
it's never too early. I mean yes it's never too early to start, right? So you might as well you can. Yeah.
The trick is uh you kind of have to. No no the dips the peaks and dips know when to look at it and went to get rid of it kind of. That's that's the trick of uh being savvy investors and also like don't be to greedy, sell like sell some like sell half when you already made some money and then just leave the rest. You feel like you can go up more or chance that I could, there's chance that it could go down as well, right? You never know. So good ideas. Yeah. Good idea is to sell some that you already know you're making a profit and keep the rest. So if you feel like it is going to keep going up or
you
know.
Yeah, that's also a good
strategy.
So what are you studying at Clemson?
so you're like doing a masters and astronomy and physics.
You can get me aware of advice about PhD um like you know I mean it's good, I mean it doesn't hurt to get more education, but I can tell you I have a friend who's, you know, he spent like already a bit six years in a PhD is that once he's finished like he'll be competing with so many people just for that one spot to work, work at work in faculty or recently so I don't know, you know, this worth worth that kind of time just to play for that one spot, you know? That's you know.
that's time on this pain. Yeah, two
years, Right,
Well that's that's just going to go by fast and you Yes,
so you were you converted to doing online classes like since since March?
this is a transition period,
Okay.
They've been following any of like the sports or like have you been following anything like that?
So you like to gain like uh like first person shooter?
All
You play on the PS four or what do
you
play this boy?
I just play pc I don't have any I don't have any council. Yeah.
Country. Yeah, that's about it now. I'm not too heavy heavily into gave me I like board games. Like board games though. Board games are fun.
Yeah. It's always it's always cool to do that. Like, you know, you just hang out with your friends and play the game. You should try this game now. It's called the SaIF. It's one of the most strategic games I've ever played. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Like there's digital or you can actually just get the natural or game itself huge. It's you the game takes like uh it could go anywhere from an hour to two hours just to finish.
that's one of the most challenging games. Yeah, I was I always get destroyed in it, so. Yeah. Mhm. Mm.
Card games.
Well,
no, no, occasionally pay poker. I not so much anymore, but like, you know, I would play the four games. Yeah, I really got mourned board games as a Yeah.
Yeah, that's that's one of my favorite board games I like um do you play this game called? Code names? Right? Oh yeah.
Yeah. So it's like a team games, like three verse. Yeah, it could be three verse three or whatever. Four verse four uh basically have like these pictures and then um there's the Cold master that has to use like one word and you're supposed to guess what those pictures are for your team. So it's kind of like, yeah you're trying to crack. Yeah.
I heard of the game they're playing.
Yes. Yes. The same statement. Yeah that game that games too. Yeah.
Okay let me might have seen it. I just never played it. Yeah.
Yeah I see it and
it's like the weapon I guess why I S
U. S. C. Y. Uh th e yeah,
learning the game itself will take you like 1/2, maybe at least. Or even just to learn. Yeah. Yes
this
is
all
like it's really intricate and when you find your strategy how to win that, it's really rewarding because.
Yeah. So yeah that's that's a good thing. Mhm. Yeah.
Uh what are the games have? Uh yeah, mainly those those games I've been playing most recently. Code names and site games.
He has steam, you can get it on steam for like when it goes on sale for like 10, or 12 or something like that around that, wow.
Yeah.
Mhm. So how are you on mass? Are you on like mechanical turk or what are you on to do this kind of uh these survey things? Oh
I'm using the same thing. This one I started like uh I started last year, but I realize if you don't leave in the background, you'll never get to the, you never get
Yeah. People are just, they're on it like right, like when it's there, it's crazy. So I found like the most surveys came during the pandemic, like there are so many just came popping in like during the Yeah, that's that's kind of where I've been on prolific the most and yeah, yeah. Mhm
That's
good. Yeah. This is her to make some side to side money. Uh huh.
What
is that bad for you then? We're deleting your old plasma or?
so there's a painful at all or just just thank
you. Well
I was like going now, do they, do they do it all over, all over the country are just where you only where you are? Whoa.
but
especially, oh you're in Connecticut, who are you? What's more you what school do you that?
What?
I know we're here for is yeah, I sort of yeah, I sort of get, get with yeah.
it's
bad.
No,
did you have to drive? Yeah,
on
that's the culture shock driving for the first time in the snow and on ice. Yeah.
no,
I'm I've been all over I'm actually Canadian. Uh
but I was really in Asia, I was actually living in Asia for the last like four years. I only moved here like a year a year ago. Yeah.
I it wasn't my choice to bring here is my wife's
so I can't I really can't say I like it but you know I kinda lived with it being here.
Yeah kind of picking on pick out in the groove. Getting used to. Yeah
I definitely enjoy the like the city life. I'm not just a city like but also like the the countryside living in Asia like east mainly east Asia, mainly east asian east asian countries are I find uh for the best like I like I like those those cities that just yeah just a culture um convenience and things to do like I think they have it all so. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. I don't like to drive that much so that's why for me I prefer not to live somewhere. Do I have to drive all? Well
mean based out of North America it does have like 24 hour, 24 hour metro in some way. So please.
Do you get around by, how do you get around by bike or?
So you're originally from the lab?
I don't know a whole lot about Atlanta. I mean I've never been down I've never actually been down south so I don't know.
yeah. So like I only really been east coast, you know Toronto was were from originally and other parts of Canada. Yeah. It's only been the west coast L. A. Once. That's it. Haven't been anywhere else
uh visit your family. It was, it was neat. But to get around, you have to have a car or someone to drive you because it's impossible to get around with like bus or the subway or whatever they call it there. Mm hmm.
Yeah, it's brutal to get around.
Yeah, I guess you pay, you pay a premium to live in like all year around. That's kind. Uh Yes.
Have you been to the west Coast?
Really? Your your fear of the, I thought George is right by the right by the ocean, isn't it?
Is preaching
w shifts for you? Okay. Oh,
how about
fishing?
You can do fishing like late.
well,
Yeah, it is, yeah, you can get, it is huge. So, yeah. Mhm.
Thanks. I've never been to Hawaii so yeah,
The volcanoes right They also got volcanoes there. Right.
Yes it's not hot it's a hot when you're hiking up a dormant.
Well
Uh huh.
Mhm. Uh huh. What time you got on your side for this ticker? Yeah.
Oh.
system
Yeah we're at the same time. Yeah. 55. Okay.
All right. Um Yeah I guess I guess we're done I guess we're done. Oh
yeah it's just
it's nice to me you actually it's really neat talking to you. Big
stay safe and uh I guess good all the best in your studies.