Yes. Uh
um You know not doing too bad. A lazy day, how are
you?
I'm in colorado right now. Yeah
so it is cold, well a little bit cold out and um we've got a lot of forest fires around
my area right now.
Oh yeah there's there's like three big ones around my city so. Yeah. How
are things in Arizona?
Yeah. Good plan. Yeah
my whole life actually um we left for a year actually to live in Arizona. I lived in Scottsdale and you know I guess it was too hot so he came back. But yeah. Have you always lived in Arizona?
Oh I'm maddie. Uh What's your name?
Todd? All right cool cool. Have you done a few of these chats before?
Yeah it happens.
I did want a few days
ago this one and the last one showed up but I think two or three before that were no shows. I don't But honestly I don't mind it like just sitting there for five minutes for like $2 is not
Yeah, I don't want it all,
but
27 had to think about it for a 2nd. 27. Yeah.
Before
very
Yeah, so
a lot of Covid, I think that's like kind of the most thing that we all have in common,
so Yeah, yeah,
that and kind of just like general how
everyone's been doing lately.
No, thankfully. Um it hasn't been like very close to me yet, which I'm thankful for,
and Colorado is doing pretty good about masks and everything. Um
I am more worried. My mom lives in a town over where they don't really have mandates for anything and they're very lax about opening places up in restaurants and bars, so
yeah, I'm more worried for her because she's a bit older and you know.
Mhm. Yeah, that's how I feel. I'm even scared to go visit my mom a lot of the time because she's kind of in hermit mode with Covid where she's locked herself up
and she's too scared to go anywhere, which is as you know, it's good for her physical health debate ugly, but like not so much mental health, but I've been going out more then she has definitely like grocery stores and whatnot. So when I do go see her, I'm a little scared, you know what if I'm the one that gives it to her
um like to see her like
just go out.
Honestly, probably about once a month, not very often, I try and visit her more because
she
lives
alone now and doesn't really see many people, so I want to see her, but I want to limit it. It's
kind
of a hard spot.
Does your mom live in the same area?
Do they get upset about it or are they
understand?
I grew up in what's called a cow town around here, just a pretty small filled with cows down. Not too much going on and that's where my mom still is at and then I moved like an hour away to go to college in the town I met um and I started going there and I'm probably going to
stay
here until further notice but I was going to school
here and then had some health problems
so I'm trying to get those figured out so that I can finish because I've got two or three semesters left and then hopefully get out somewhere outside of colorado, just for a little bit little change. But
yeah, I was doing computer science. Yeah
it was,
go
ahead.
not. Probably just software development. Um I have considered it but I mean I don't really have any skills right now.
Variety. I know I have friends who do it and it is kind of things that you can just mostly figure out on the job. No googling and stack overflow.
you you're still doing I. T.
Oh that's
yes.
Um
Are you allowed to say any like cos you've done from this work
or what kind?
lately I've been playing World of Warcraft
I'm
a little embarrassed to say. But um yeah like RPGS for the most part
haven't, yeah I haven't been doing it as much. I'm kind of sick of just staying inside anyway and then I can I'll start a game and just get bored after a few minutes. Yeah, I don't stay in there pretty long, but yeah, that's cool that you get to edit videos for them.
It was like 2004,
it's very different now because I played it around when it came out, I don't know, it is a different game, I've just been playing around with it, I haven't actually paid for you, I'm just doing like the trial accounts,
but it's different, there's a lot of pay to play kinds of things which is just prominent in gaming now, but
do you
play, do
you play many games now?
Yeah, Skyrim might say is probably my
top favorite game and I had recently tried elder scrolls, my girlfriend really likes it and another friend likes to play it and I kind of got into it when the beta was released and I was hoping it would be online Skyrim which it's not
but I think it is, it's still enjoyable for what it is but
Yeah
I haven't I haven't played in so many years, the last time I tried to get into Skyrim I logged into my level 80 or whatever character and I was stuck in some dungeon in my inventory was packed and like well what was I doing, where was I going, what is all this stuff? I don't remember anything so then I just kind of logged right back out so I might have to restart new character or something but
yeah definitely one of my top games though
that just the title of them? Just thief
Thanks.
Are they Bethesda?
Dark mud.
Is
it on steam? Oh
I have to check it out, I'll be honest. Um like sneaking Rogue kind of games are one of my least favorites because I'm really, I'm really terrible at sneaking and then it just scares me. Oh my gosh, this person's coming for me, I gotta hide now. Like you know the horror games like amnesia, any of those? They're too much for my little heart, I can't handle them, can't
handle sneaking around.
maybe maybe have to take a look at least. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um Yeah, I kind of just like damage like warriors sometimes, sometimes tank
like I said the Rogue and all that, anything that requires a lot of skill and thought I'm not very good at,
I'm I just
I just tapped buttons for the most part.
I think that's kind of why I never really got too much into World of Warcraft, was everyone at the end game, they have to spend like hours a week doing raids and you know, they have appointments for raiding and all that and I
just can't,
I
was that,
I've never done a single 1 um
back when that came out and I started playing, I don't think I knew anyone who played and I
couldn't really find a guild who was casual enough because I didn't want to be like, yes, every saturday I'll spend four hours on a raid guaranteed, and if I'm late you can kick me. I never wanted to do that. So yeah,
me
too, I'm really slow, especially in dungeons if it's fast paced and if I'm trying to heal a bunch of people at once I get overwhelmed. My brain is just a little too slow
for those kinds of games. But
it's mostly questing. Yeah my friend,
Oh my friend is trying to get me to play Guild Wars two which yeah it seems more similar to E. S. O. Where it's mostly questing and environment based
so
like
Bill nicely.
it's an MMorPG so.
Come
on.
Oh that's cool. Is it like a video that I would run into online or is it only for the company?
Oh I bet that was fun. Training videos are fun
for any subject.
Oh I didn't know it was
thursday's but I have been getting most of them as they come out.
I have
to say I haven't played many of the three ones, I'm kind of overwhelmed with the amount of games I've started I'll start one and then stop after a few hours and get back into it. So I've decided to not install any of the free games until I finish some of the ones that actually have going on.
hard drive also probably doesn't come all on there. Mhm.
that's impressive
genius.
No, I've done that for probably a couple of games that I wasn't sure I wanted to waste the money on, but yeah, it's always scary doing that.
I think you're more likely to get infected from a video game doing that. Like then if you were to try to get a movie or something.
they do, they
love that,
that's their favorite thing. Yeah.
No, I haven't, I've heard the name a lot, but I know
it's one of the bigger ones.
Not really. Um Trying to think, would Warcraft be similar to that? I'm
trying to
I'm not maybe I don't know what isometric means in that
sense
then.
Yeah. Um No I never really played those too much to be honest. I was always about
the Big
three D. Graphics.
bioshock. That's another one of my top favorites and another one. I need to finish. I did the first one And the weird 3rd 1. I can't remember where you're in the sky remember.
And
Mhm.
And that one was fun and then I just a few months ago started the second one and I have yet to finish it but I really like the 1st and 2nd atmospheres.
that's
what I've heard here.
Rocket League. It's a big one that my friends and I play. Um
Yeah it's um you
might have seen like videos of it where it's just rocket powered cars flying
through the air playing soccer. So it's car soccer. Yeah,
that one's a lot of fun. That's one of my favorites because I can just log on and don't worry about doing well and then log off and have to remember anything. So it's pretty casual.
one I do, That one's pretty much exclusively online for me.
There's all kinds of people. The thing I like the most is you don't really need chat or anything. So, and if there is chad it's usually a preset, so you just have certain chat options, like good job or well done or you know, things like that. So
no, haven't played that either. There's a
lot. So I have an interesting story to tell. Let me see how much time we've been talking. Um
But
when I was in computer science, the health problems that started um I started having some ankle pain and I started using a wheelchair and then pushing the wheelchair started making my wrists hurt. And by the end of my last semester I couldn't write anymore. I couldn't use a computer at all.
So I haven't been able to use a computer
for like 4.5 of the past five years. So I've missed out on a lot of games and stuff and kind of just like left that. But it was funny you mentioned Knights of the Old Republic. Um That was one of the last games I played because I bought an eye tracking device, I put on my computer and it tracks infrared
use tracks my eyes using infrared as a mouse. And
so I used that to play that game. And I got another program to use voice commands. So I could say any command like forward, and it would map to the arrow key or you can map it to whatever key. So like most of my last gaming stuff was setting all that up and trying to play with just my eyes in my voice, which is such a bad way to play video games. I will say
it was very frustrating, especially like if you don't have the best set up, like the best soundboard or mike set up and like you're moving and you say stop, stop, stop. And it doesn't, it doesn't register it, and then you just run into a lake or whatever. But
it was pain in my tendons. So I went to like a dozen doctors, like a dozen specialists and no one had any clue was wrong. So we kind of just called it tendinitis and um I just gave up searching for a diagnosis, but it's gotten quite a bit better and now I think it was just chronic pain, which like, I've never really understood what chronic pain was, but now I kind of just have this understanding that sometimes your brain and nervous system just produce pain signals for no reason whatsoever. It sucks.
Yeah. I'm
really happy to be able to use a computer now though.
it's like the past six months, maybe a little bit longer. I've been working up using a computer, I'd say like in the summertime Is when I really started using a computer, I could do it maybe 30 minutes a day, like twice a week. And now I can handle about an hour a day every day. So I've been doing a lot of prolific and things like that in some
games.
So it's been really nice. I'll tell you a lot of people told me to try programming using my voice.
That's
just
no, it's it's really not possible for most setups unless you have someone willing to set up the software for you and I don't know many people who think
that
was fun. But
Yeah, it's really awesome. Like at least being able to learn a little bit of money. Yeah.
Um No, I'm still not quite to the point. As soon as I can
Work on a computer for like eight hours a day, my plan is to go back to school, finish and then get a career. But
If you've got any suggestions, some people have given
me some like donating blood
from other
websites.
Yeah, I do quite a bit.
I have um
I don't know. I have tried a few of them like mturk, I tried a few years ago and was not very good swag bucks. I've tried recently and it was good while you do the big money makers, like the games and where you have to make a purchase. But I've pretty much done all those and I refused to do surveys. They're just not worth it. Yeah. They're not worth the time anymore, at least for me. I don't know. Yeah.
How did you find that though? Was it just in the list
of surveys?
Did they like, Yeah. Did they pair you with specific people?
Was
pulling
Yeah, that's about worth 150 I think.
The time where we out here. 2 25.
Just for safety. All right. All right. Well, I'll have to log into swag weeks again because I did see maybe one or two of those early on, but I don't think I wanted to do them during that time. I didn't know that they were actually legitimate so but now that I know that people actually get paid for maybe I'll get back
on there.
No.
That's not not bad.
Yeah I've been turned off a lot of the um websites like that. Um I can't remember the name of it but I did another survey one and most of them do you crash out of or you won't get paid and then their support is terrible like with swag bucks so,
Yeah
so
yeah it was great to meet you too. I hope you get another one of these. Yeah absolutely. Stay safe and everything
All right see you