Yeah, nearest good picture today. Mm hmm. Mountain Dew. Mountain Dew. Mhm. Well, here's something. Maybe some of the cops there. It's scary. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello? Can you hear me? Yeah.
Cool. How are you?
Good.
I'm good. I'm in phoenix. Where you at?
Yeah.
all
I don't know your fires out there.
What?
Um, it's finally starting to cool down. Yeah, finally, um, it's good. I mean, cold, cool mornings and nice evenings. Uh not much going on here. Trump's here today. Trying to lay out. Yeah.
so how long have you been in colorado?
Um I grew up here, but then I went to school in California. Um Yeah, I forgot. Did you tell me your name,
Todd.
This is my first one. I tried to other times and no one showed up, so.
Uh huh. Yeah. Have you been doing a lot of them or
what?
Not at all. I feel the same way.
So,
um so how old are you?
54.
I'm
going. Yeah. Yeah.
So what do you, what kind of stuff have you been talking about?
Go
Yeah.
What?
Okay. So how have you been doing? Have you, have you had Covid or know anybody who did?
I'm
Yes.
that's yeah, that sucks.
Yeah. I feel like my mom is, she's like 80 I think now. And they go their nails done, get their hair cut and go, you know, it's like I try to tell her, but she's uh she's convinced it's a hoax or whatever. So it's like there's nothing I can do. I just feel myself just in case this is the year that you guys, you know, it's like there's nothing I can do to help her.
Look.
How often you go
just
to see her? Okay.
It
was
difficult.
I know
it,
thanks.
Yes, she lives just a few miles away. She's about, she's a huge holiday person, so this is a real tough season for her because I'm already saying, you know, you know, because we have, my sister and her husband had come and my partner and I will go and so I'd be like six of us, seven or eight of us in the house and uh my nephews playing football, my other nephew is going to it, you know what I mean? So it's like all these factors and they don't care, they're just gonna come take their masks off and do whatever, but you know, I've said that I'm not going to go, you know we'll do a zoom whatever for dinner or something. But yeah.
Yeah my mom
was super upset about it but then I found an editorial article that explained it, sent it to her now she's she's all right. Seems anyway until thanks comes up. So you grew up there. Mhm.
Do
you think
what,
No.
What uh what are you studying can you say?
Yeah
go ahead.
Sorry,
I just didn't say I kind of fell into I. T. For a while. Um And then uh yeah. So is that something to be looking into doing like 80 or management or something or my mom?
Right.
totally. Yeah.
No, no that was years ago I used to be a writer. I wrote, well I guess I am still, but I wrote for a tech web sites like CNEt and zd net for a while.
But yeah, it was, it was okay. Um, and then I got laid off from that. It's really expensive. So that's in San Francisco. I had been, yeah,
I've been living there for like 10 years and I loved it because I hate having a car. You know, I love going turning everywhere. I mean. Uh huh. But uh, yeah, I got laid off and then after that I came back here and uh, I worked with some software developers. I do video editing right now. You, you know like promo s and stuff like that. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. The company
that I used to work for, it's called solid state networks and they do data delivery for games like triple a game titles. Are you game at all? What do you like? Oh
No, no.
What
of migrants?
Yeah, That's fun. I mean the work has kind of dried up a little, you know, so I'm kind of doing this kind of stuff surveys and I'm sure you understand. Uh but wow, I mean, wow, it's playing, wow. It's uh, that's been around for so long. I remember starting to play like first came out, I guess that dates me. Uh,
like that. Yeah, I got bored from it, but I mean, I actually, I didn't really even know that it's still around, wow.
punishment.
Here is a
look
online
actually. I just started playing elder scrolls online because it does have at least a couple senior player campaigns. And that's what I'm, yeah, I'd like to. So have you place Kyra.
boy.
No.
I'm just, I just started and I'm kind of like, I have like like over 1000 hours in Skyrim. It's ridiculous. Yeah.
Yeah.
that happens a lot. I have a couple characters like that.
Oh yeah, that's so great that school that we have if you knew. Um So I can say have you played the thief games? Wow.
Well yeah, there was a thief and then these two and then uh beef something else. The most recent. Yeah, sorry,
the most recent one is a triple a child thief. It was terrible. But I yeah, I'm talking about ones from like a long time, it probably isn't playing. Uh But anyway,
um no, they were ion storm really. It was really old, but it's basically, you know you're a thief and you don't have your not powerful at all basically I don't being able to skulk around and not have to face things to fight all the time your brains to get around stuff and there's a version of it now that's free called the Dark mod. Yeah
it's great graphics you download it and there's also a player missions that I don't enjoy.
No
it's by itself it's the dark ma dot com. Yeah.
said
I can understand that. Well then you won't like thief just leave it alone.
Uh
huh. Yeah that's that's funny. So if you go in or you do do like made stuff for you are you like a tank to go in with your if you're,
All right.
girlfriend.
Well
what?
What
did you
ever do before?
Would you ever do any raids?
Yeah.
What?
yeah, terrible, terrible player. I need to go at my own pace and run away
if I
Wolf.
yeah, I hear you, Yeah.
Sorry?
North
Korea, that's and that's an
octet,
that's a that's an RPG for the courts to Okay,
that's the company that I worked for. They actually did the launcher download for Star Wars, Knights of the Old Republic or somebody in house decide the graphics and stuff. I did a little video on how to use
it,
you know? That's kind of what we Mhm
They're not enjoyable sure, promo stuff yet, but I would do training videos to its label. Mhm.
I'm
absolutely. Do you know about the Epic Epic Games? Three games on Thursdays?
What?
Yeah, that's for Yeah, that's
true.
that makes sense. Yeah. I probably have like seven games installed right now. What do I want to I don't want to do that, you know very well. I spent time with them. Yeah,
that's cool. I can actually download cracked games. You know that stuff with you know what attached executed balls that you can play free, stop legal. And I looked in earlier this year because something got into my system and it just screwed up everything and then it got into my router. Yeah,
that was that was
that was freaky. So uh yeah, so I don't do that anymore.
Yeah, totally. Nothing.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't a movie, I don't think you can get anything from them. It's not a program. But yeah, because the, I would imagine the young gamers get, you know, they like the idea of being able to just screw with somebody. They don't know,
I
want
somebody or something. So uh, let's see. I was trying to have you tried divinity, original sin too.
That
I started playing that. It's it's difficult. You know, it's one of those things where you probably wouldn't like, it's just too much stuff to do and it's an isometric, it's beautiful. But we were played like the old isometrics, like all this gate or um Yeah.
more
Craft is a real time strategy.
This
top
down looking a little little guys walking around, you know, like the optional or something like that.
what
happened?
Yeah. Well, that's cool. I wish I had that when I was a kid. Um What what about like bioshock and that kind of stuff?
It was infinite. It was like a whole sort
of Yeah.
Yeah.
Well it's totally great. Yeah. The 2nd 1 I found to be pretty good. It's basically the same as the first one if
you like the first one.
It seems pretty good though. Yeah. That's cool. What other kind of stuff have you played? Mhm.
That's a sort of a car thing.
Oh
Well
And
So you do play online with that game? Yeah.
You find a kids playing or or they're all goes well. Mhm.
totally. What about days X. That one school
this
How about
five? Mhm.
Well
Yeah.
Great.
What?
It's a frustrating, it must be frustrating.
what? Find out what was wrong with your your hand woman, is it?
So
what,
how long have you had your functionality back? Mm, mm.
That's
it.
Oh well I can
have
fun at all,
You
know?
huh. Well, I'm so glad that you're getting better. That's that's cool.
Yeah. How are you working right now? And
what?
so your life kind of like mind spending a lot of time by yourself trying to get to make a little money. Yeah.
Well
Do
you
do you look I've read it, read read it at all.
So have you looked in like uh the subreddit work online or beer money?
We found a lot of different things. They're not all of them were good, but some of them, yeah, some of them. Okay.
I actually looked into a uh video study when you talked with other people with swag bucks 81 50 which was amazing.
The
list, yeah, I was in the list of things. Yeah, it was really annoying because it was political talk. Uh huh.
No, no, I mean it was mainly
older
people, So it was, you can imagine which way that swing, but yeah, that was I was amazed that was really helpful. 150.
don't worry. Absolutely. So well, mm hmm.
Mhm. Let's let's give it another minute to make sure we get
I've
been doing que me, do you ever do that one? They
have their several surveys, they go for like a dollar 50 sometimes to those in a row. I've made $50 from there.
It's not always good because they sometimes they they will rip you off somehow, but not all the time. Yeah.
It's terrible. Yeah. Really?
Yeah.
Well, hey, uh it was really fun talking to you. It's great to meet you.
You too. Um See you later, Mattie.