so,
Honey.
So I had some problems with my microphone yesterday. Mhm. Yeah.
Oops.
But you love when that happens?
You do.
Oh wow, that's cool.
I'm sorry
I and currently unemployed but usually I dabble in a lot of things. Um Usually I work and finance hr like administrative work, things like that. But I have 2° in anthropology, so completely different. Um I also used to work before Covid and my friend's cat cafe. So.
But I haven't been able to find anything.
So
I'm looking for you know, anything in finance. HR executive assistant. I would love to work at university again. Um Anything like that. I need
something
a little bit more stable.
Yeah eventually I want to finish my PhD. Um But that's way off in the future I think because of finances and funding and etcetera. But you know, I could be there are people that finish there If she is when they're 60, you know, that's fine.
Yeah. I mean
I did five years of my PhD so and then I believe
because
I ran out of the funding dried up, my department
lost some funding
and I was just like, I can't do this anymore, I can't afford this anymore.
And
it's far, it's hard, but you have to sometimes you have to walk away from things,
it's okay. I'll do it someday, I'll do it something almost there almost there. Um So do you have cuts?
I love pickles.
They're
like the sweet dogs, people don't, you know, there's a bully breed? Yes.
I mean if you abuse them and use them for things. Yes, they can violent dogs, but
I mean a chihuahua could be a violent dog, you know what
I mean?
Small dogs scare me.
goodness.
it's
so
ridiculous. And they're literally,
they're like they
used
to be
like pimples are like they used to be um like any dogs and the farm dogs, like they would watch all the animals and protect the Children. Like it's that's what they were used for. It's ridiculous.
I
have
tube
obese cats. I've tried everything there on diets, I exercise them, I play with them, I don't give them treats as often as I used to. I don't know what they've been to the vet. Yeah, they're
just
that.
see I'm lucky because they're both great. That's not lucky. But I don't they can be on the same diet that could be one is 6 and one is 2, But they're both 18
and they're so manipulative. They know how to push your buttons.
I mean
I love cats and dogs, but like I live in a studio apartment so I have a dog, I want to read them. Yeah I live in philadelphia like in the same like so I mean I could have a dog had a bigger apartment but have a place for but like cats are so manipulative and so much work people think that they're independent and not enough minor.
I
have set.
Yeah
we just got new. Sorry? Mr Freeman. Mhm.
the background um we just knew shut down kind of orders starting on friday, this coming friday um it just got your dining and and now it's no dining allowed until like
and this is like serious though um I mean it's always been serious but now they're going to be closed again, everything has to go back to basically stay at home again this time with um kind of the mask mandates and penalties for um, gatherings like people from outside your immediate household, There's going to be penalties that people reported. I'm all like, uh, thanksgiving. I'm not for me. Yes. I'm like by the book, I'll stay in my house. I don't care. Like I don't want to infect anybody or I don't want to become infected. I live alone. I don't, my friends are my closest friends here. Two of them nurses. I don't want to get, that's it and they don't get me sick. Um, I'm okay with that. And a lot of people, I
live in West silly.
I don't understand people.
No,
my favorite is when you go into a store and like everyone has their mascot, but it's down off their nose or they pull it away to talk to you or
it's down under their chin while they're walking in the aisles and stuff. I'm like, what do you, what do you?
It just killed the whole purpose of this thing and my neighborhood, I live in West Philly and it's a lot, we've been affected a lot like West philadelphia and north philadelphia because populations are higher percentage of african americans which have been affected disproportionately and it's just like walking around and why aren't, why isn't anyone wearing a mask? And we've had so many free maps programs and like people, my upstairs neighbors, so like 100 mess. I just gave them out. I know that um I walked by um One of our parks and there would be like bags of masks like take one or take 10 or take a company like three masks everywhere. So it's not a problem poverty and it's not a public health education problem cause there's signs everywhere. It's all over tv it's all over painted on the side of our buses. I
just I don't understand.
Yeah me too. See
sam
Yeah that same. I mean there was a great relief here just for something different but its hostile kind of escape. I mean gonna be the same the return to the same new liberal capitalist crap that we've been dealing with but it's better the world respects us a little bit more. Again.
and it was too close. It was way too close
and
I don't know what the hell is wrong with white woman. I'm a woman. I don't know what the hell is wrong with us. I I swear disgusted.
Okay so first thought I had him like what the hell is wrong with you?
Must
be
And again black women team in the country. Yes. And it's just like did we learn anything this summer?
Apparently we done it. Yeah. Mm It just drives me nuts. It does me nuts because you can preach and scream and holler and nice. You can try to present information anyway
and
it doesn't matter if they don't they
don't listen
to me.
No.
Okay. Yeah. Absolutely.
And I got rid of all of the, I don't care but I got rid of people that supported. I just I just I agree with I can disagree, I can agree to disagree with someone who doesn't believe in my um financial policy beliefs or like we should run the military or how we should do this. I cannot be with anyone who thinks that you know a woman's right to choose. I can't you're friends with anyone believe that women are lesser beings, that people are lesser beans But immigrants deserved to try and make it here. That they deserve to be separated from their Children.
That's
just
yeah. It's like no it's not now.
So
what
makes
no sense?
Okay. That makes sense in one way. Yeah.
What was right.
All
Oh you don't even have to read the news. You just have to listen to him talk.
So how selfish greedy are people in this country that I've always
known that.
I would rather
pay more taxes than have everybody's health insurance covered.
Everybody. Be able to go to school, everybody
be able to feed their families and get
the prescriptions and live in a home safe and has safe drinking water and etcetera etcetera etcetera. Then
find
all
of these
stores
name
Damon. And there's so many more people like us. We have to remember that there's so many more people that think like us
even
though it never feels no it doesn't feel it
Party.
No
because the proud boys were there like
the
KKK
and like all those people that we don't want to give any space too. Yeah because they don't deserve
the proud boys were here again too and I'm like out of my city. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
What?
Oh but where where the rubber bullets and tear gas them? Oh I'm that's reserved for black people.
jesus
but first
you
don't have
to be doing anything that
they were doing that all over here and there was like military tanks like swat thanks going up and down my street. Yeah. Mhm.
How
anybody see that and vote for that? How anybody could see that and say yeah platform will use this.
or
or women are being forced to be there being forcefully
sterilized
so
No,
no.
Sam
And the soul message of now we have to listen to biden who wants to everyone to unite. Not I'm done.
I
try
we've all tried too long. We've tried too long now it's time to in my opinion assholes right back.
Also
but also
like
no but also like in like in in Congress and start playing sir start playing dirty
please.
We do
all we ever do, all the we all the democrats ever do is reach across the aisle. No.
It never worked. Even Obama recently admitted like a 60 minutes interview the other day that like he tried everything with Senate republicans and they blocked constantly. He would hold Super Bowl parties for him at the White House and dinner person cigars and beer parties, trying everything with. Yeah, they never let him out.
I mean, there's a time and a place for diplomacy. Obviously. Like when you're meeting with, you're going to have a give and take and be diplomatic and reach across the island that way. But not when they tried to take our breaking country for months and they're still trying and I'm not very patriotic at all. Yeah, looks like, no, it does not, no, no, no, no move. I get very heated about this. I'm also very heated at white women. Stupid,
wow. Oh,
that's a tough way.
They're
not
allowed to.
I mean, I'm looking forward to the Georgia runoff elections because you might get the second back and that would change everything.
Someone please give Stacey and a goddamn pregnancy.
I
love her too. I wanted her to be VP
That's
that's too politically risky. I mean Kamala Harris is alright. She has a kind of I think she's changed for the better. She had a
see record on police stuff
but
I can
kind of understand that too. Being a young black woman trying to make it, you have to sacrifice some of your values and dignity and stuff. Naked.
My
dream
brainy Bernie Sanders, Bernie Sanders and Stacy. I'm sort of in like entry. I'm dying.
I'm
like
killer mike for like some kind of friend some some cabinet position. Oh my
Cardigan.
Talk
well
brace you all to so that's the man. Uh He I don't know how has the strength of spirit to fight for 40 plus years for the same things run president twice be so popular and have it just not work and still fight.
She'll be old enough in 2024.
You would think that the coronavirus would have shifted shifted us all. 9 11 9 11 shifted us more than just fucking thing. I think because of trump because politicized maths wearing, he politicized this whole damn thing. He pitted governor against governor, state against state. Democratic and Republican chief just ended up. You know? Can you imagine if it was different? Oh we want to be in lockdown again. What are they doing in your area?
What
we
need to do it?
The problem is we need money like right now we're shutting down Philly right? But My unemployment runs out like two weeks.
They don't understand. And also the extra $600 wasn't even what I was making like
people and then we all lost our health insurance so we got to pay for health insurance like and families are being evicted like the week of freaking uh thanksgiving. I think it's
you know I'm lucky because it's just me. Yeah this is me. I don't have kids. I don't have but asked that, I also helped my mom who's just giggled and lives in Arizona so I tried to send her money and it's like it's been hard because I haven't you anymore. Mhm.
Something's gotta give,
we've got to
get
a stupid turtle these piece of shit McConnell. I hate that man,
I hate him more than trump. It's actually impossible because he's held up everything for everybody. You cruel his cruel evil, stupid he's a narcissist and we expect that for him like one man in the senate. I know that's how are government works that should not have that much power.
I feel like it should be married to him
and everyone's like what? Communist yep. Yes I am.
Alright alright comrades care call me whatever.
X. I don't
I just I yeah I've lost faith in people. I'm a good old fashioned italian style lockdown
where you
sign
in and out.
three
Like
4 of my friends are pregnant.
are you bringing a life into this
shitty situation?
my my friends mm my friend's wife who is a doctor decided to have her first baby during the opinion and I'm like what? Uh
I know you're
yeah and I'm like so now you're you're working in the E. R. And a coded wing after you've had your baby and your husband's at home and mr mom on alternatively which is great but also like but like
that's why and then people are having their 2nd and 3rd kid and I'm like, and I understand like, you know, there's nothing to do but you know, screw each other and stuff, but there's you know, ways
to not have babies. Yeah,
I I really take a lot of people. Mhm. So much in common. This is so funny.
Deal.
You're my force.
actually had some last these are my first conversations in this study, like, I've done this study. Yeah. And I've had the best conversations I don't want to, Everybody has been really fun. I don't know.
That's
very true. It's hard to meet people now anyway then for me, I don't like do anything go out
because
you know, I'm not going to right now. Yeah, everything's canceled. So
actually
get
kind
of panicky about like, oh shit what happens? It just goes away. God we've got to go
back to normal life again.
perfect.
Well I'm I'm an extrovert but I'm is your verdict extra work if that makes sense?
Um I missed going out to dinner, Having a long dinner with a good friend or two.
Oh
I don't
know
if restaurants are going to make it, I don't know,
little
restaurants,
I know how broadway's and make it, that's scary.
And then all these, I hate americans,
Why are we so stupid
now?
Everybody is buying from like Chipotle and Mcdonald's and like that. Why from the local mom and pop shit I take out from them. Why are we buying Mcdonald's and droves?
and those are businesses that are growing like Starbucks and totally and the dogs a bit of an olive garden, all these other things throwing their business and opening your ship. Well all the other things pretty soon, we're just gonna be a big cutter exchange stores.
You'll
lose your funding, you'll lose your alone if you don't use it, you know, stuff like that.
Who?
Great food.
if
they're probably
going to have to innovate their menu or something to change it for now.
jesus, goddamn
I'm irish, probable survive everything.
Usually they
do really well.
Americans, Maria.
I
have two very best friends for Canadians and they're both single and I'm like, please marry me if he wins again because I can't I will not survive or I'm going to break into your country and go down to the border first and rescue, liberate the camps, Get a giant 18 wheelers and drive that Motherfucker to
the
Canadian
border. Yeah. And that's it. And Trudeau is going to accept us, damn it, all of us that they were like, okay, I'll just marry you. You don't have to go through all that.
no, they're like, they are scared for us because they were so nice and I stopped being nice. We treat you like shit, not we, but you know, like our government is and they're like, no, but it's like, what are you going to do? We're so scared for all of you. My donkey scared because the half voted for that idiots.
You know the first time I can, you know, I can't see it, but I can kind of see it because something different. He's a politician promised all these things, but you've noticed them a second time. What's wrong with you?
But they're not going to get anything, there's like no karma trump gets away everything
And then I feel like a whole person for saying, yeah, then I'm like, I'm just as bad as that. But then no, we're not because
they've tried worse things. They try to take
away health care from in and Social Security and Medicare, Medicare and
or try to take away food stamps or try to take away all sorts of things in the middle of this family and you think that's right.
I don't understand
how they call themselves, I'm not religious at all either. But like I don't understand what they call themselves christians, that's not very
christian
about
the whole don and civilization. It's been separating factor and it doesn't need to be, that's a stupid part. It doesn't need to be
When
I,
if you don't believe
in gay
marriage and say
no,
gay person asked you to marry like,
who cares. Oh, I love the argument. But it's in fact our faces that shut down our throats all the time. Like
we can
watch your dumb asses make out. Mhm.
No, as people night, I love that. I love when people are like, you should feel lucky, grateful that you were born and raised here and you grew up here. It is so much worse than other places. I know I've been to, I've been to hundreds. I've been to Guatemala. I've been to shoe month. I've been to places where my freedom as a woman is gone. There is freedom, but people happier and more caring and more giving
and less selfish and
better health care. Yes. Um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. People kinder, they just are. Even in places where women are resting except they just are.
Or kind of stuck with pronouncing.
I
think
it will if you can get
that
senate
back
unless
we get the senate and we got ahold fight and inheritances to the fire for what they promise.
And I think it will get better. I have to have Hannah this is I have the most negative message for four years
and cynical and bitter and nasty and I have a book for the first time in years so
I'm
trying to get a little bit of hope.
I
pray.
That's right. That's right. Yeah. I didn't realize how much it was internalizing things I think and just going on with life. I'm just going to because I slept like a baby
at night and the next night
and I dreamed like very vivid, nice beautiful dreams. And I was
like, I woke up refreshed. It was so weird. And it's like, are we all under like collective trauma? Yes. More so more so black people, people of color. Absolutely. My trauma is not anywhere close to anything, you know? But wow, get shit.
My neighborhood was on fire. I loved it And it was everyone young old black weight vision, right? Muslim hindu, I mean everybody
and I was like, oh my God, people are happy
and people were getting along.
And it was like help. I love it. Can we all? And then, but then I was like, oh shit, coronavirus, coronavirus. Yeah. And then I'm like straight them have, well let us all have this one day. We're
not
going to
get
And it was like 80° and Sunny Blue Skies. I'm like,
Holy Shit. Yeah.
What
I
want
every day to be like that.
And it's been nonstop sirens and gunshots, all kinds of crap in my, in in family. You know, it's, it's
been difficult here
especially since the police murder black like week
before
the election. Uh
huh.
Don't
you don't want the details because I I won't tell you because it's fucking horrible and I was ready to go burn everything now. Um This doesn't help. I mean bring the police. No, but oh my goodness. Um
Yeah, and it was quiet sirens, More police, no shots for the first time for the two day straight it was dead and then it started up again, but it was dead quiet and I was like her people just exhausted and something or what, wow.
That's crazy. We should, I should get going and we've been talking
for
an hour
just saying
just,
they had problems with your internet or something.
There we
go.
you too. I wish you
could be like friends in life.
Yeah. Well, I mean you can have me. My name is lexi Pope GOP. Yeah.
Let's
see. L. E. X. I.
And that's Alexis.
Well no, that's crazy.
My God. I love it.
Yeah. I don't know. Can you tell me you can have me?
I don't
know.
Did you try to add me?
I have like wild hair in my profile.
It's so funny that your flexi too. Oh
my classes.
Here we go. I don't know. Sometimes people living uh there you are. Oh youtube. You want money. Okay. Uh huh. You sell it with two exits. We'll eat X. X. Y. Jay.
I
did
but
let me open it him.
I don't know. It's so weird. Well it said that you were trying to message me and I said except and then it's like message to press. Sorry. Oh testing. Yes. My goodness go.
You
accept it
I just requested
your friendship. There we go. I got to fix
my settings for some reason. Some strange ass dudes can like request my friendship from like Dominican republic. Like.
like
you
can't
request. That doesn't make any sense. You'll see a lot of political political ranting on my facebook. Thank you.
but
it's
Let's talk soon for something lexi
random.
You have a good day
you die.