Hello.
How are you? Yes. Can you hear me? One second.
my jokes. I hope no one noticed that I just Skipped out of that work meeting that I was supposed to be in. But they're talking
about stuff. Yeah they're talking about stuff that doesn't perform me. And just like last minute like at the end of the meeting like Oh we added 30 minutes to this meeting. Well that would have been nice to before now. But there were. Yeah.
Yeah. That's good. Especially on a monday towards the end of the day. Mhm.
I'm a research veterinarian.
Yeah we're not that meeting is not about anything interesting so. No. Yes. No.
What do you do?
I love not awesome job. Mhm.
Yeah. What are you looking
for?
Do
you think?
Yeah I get that. So. Probably not going to do anything. Anthropology really. Did any time soon. Mhm.
Yeah I I wanted a PhD but now that like I'm out of school, the idea of going back to school, it's not very appealing. And the idea of also making no money is very much um not and it's not helped by the fact that um a good I don't know too many people that have done a PhD or currently in a PhD that are very happy with where their lives are right now. Um How they were during their phds uh and vet school was hell enough. So Yeah.
Thanks.
In
the plane?
What?
What?
I have a friend that's there right now. Yeah. He's at your like I am not exaggerating. I think he's in your tent. Oh yeah. Well like
maybe you should take a break and come back because I'm pretty sure your boyfriend's stick of paying for literally everything because you're but
I'm sorry. That sucks.
Uh My dog just ran upstairs actually. Um a pit bull and two cats.
They're
my favorite.
Okay, people are stupid.
Yeah. I mean just like people you get abuse enough and what do you expect? I I don't understand.
working.
I've met some vicious Yorkies. Yeah,
yeah, or were observed, I was so angry. Um We're renting this place and the landlord had I think four Yorkies um she
hasn't learned to us because of Troy and I'm like, he's never shown any signs of aggression or anything like that, like the usual spiel. Um but it really bothered me that you're going to have the gall to give me shit about having a pit bull when you let your Yorkies come up and bite him in the face. You have seen your rookies come up and bite him in the face and what did he do? He didn't do what he's like stop go away I don't want but but my dog is a problem. Okay sure
people
are
you can
you
like
well yeah sorry go ahead.
and that's how he is, he's super protective, he's particularly protective of like small young things. Um It's kind of sad because um we had friends that had a cat that was his um his half chinese and something else but he's a large cat and Troy would play with him because he's like decent size but he won't play with. Um Well my older cat is big enough that I think that he would play with her but she's not really interested and my younger cat is interested but she's a teensy tiny little cat and he's very obviously afraid of like being true off with her. Um But yeah. Mhm. Yeah,
jesus,
we
heard,
cats
are hard.
My older cat is, I mean she got her to lose a little bit of late but she's still a little chubby and I swear it's like putting them on diets is the harder, so she acts like I don't feed her and then she's very bad about shell bully my younger cat out of her food and which is particularly problematic because the younger one is like, like I said she's just a teensy tiny little cat, but if I don't pay attention like she'll end up losing a little bit of weight, she really doesn't have a weight to lose like oh either I let from A to B. Fat or like something maybe too skinny like in some because I think God. But
Yeah, I feel like cats are harder than dogs when it comes to dieting
when
Maddie.
I mean they're less work than dogs and that I can leave that alone for a weekend and it's fine. You can't leave a dog alone. New studies available on prolific what
we think
like, I don't even think I have it open, but I guess that extension, you need to have it open. It just makes noise. Yeah.
Mhm. But what's it like in Philly right now? The pandemic?
I think it's like uh Yeah.
And
I
don't. And
especially the mask thing like I get like it's annoying sometimes like having to wear the mask, especially if you have one that's like an itchy material or something. But I mean seriously, like just wear the damn mask. It's not, it's not that hard. Like of all of the things that could be forced upon you, like it's really not that bad.
I jumped disregard for other people is something I'm never going to understand.
so it isn't there? That's the point,
Why even have a thing then at that point, wow.
That's
yeah, I I don't know, I sometimes I just, recently I don't want to say recently, just really this past four years, I have no faith in humanity anymore.
well
I would like to say I'm optimistic about next year, but at this point like I can't get my hopes up anymore.
Yes, the, seeing the other countries celebrating trump's loss just like, wow, like on the one hand, like I'm not surprised, but just to light up the Eiffel Tower, like things like that, like, like I thought bad for us and knowing that like the rest of the world feels similarly is, I don't know, it's like comforting that we're not crazy and realizing how awful this has been, but at the same time it's just so pressing that America has been knocked down that many paige's because of this last administration,
it would make
yours
that wouldn't Yeah. Up. Yeah.
I don't understand. One of my closest friends, um is a white woman and we're like, like I'm a year older than her and she doesn't vote and I wanted to, I love her, I won't face, I wanted to punch her in the face. Like what is wrong? I wanted to be like, oh, is this because you're white? So nothing's going to change for you. Like you
feel like it's
not like it's just like I don't understand like yeah, I don't understand it.
Apparently not.
It doesn't
matter.
I don't
understand
the people. Like I have like a couple of acquaintances, but I don't understand how they determine whether a source is reputable or not. Like it really just seems to be, oh, this source is going to be saying things that are along the lines of what I would have come up with myself and therefore I can trust this source. Yeah. Which I don't want and those people can't get away from me leaving alone. There's no, I'm happy to have like productive conversations, but you can't have productive conversations with those people.
It's just, well, this is what I think and I don't care about anything else. Yeah.
Yeah.
There's just, there's some things that are up for debate and people don't seem
to get
more.
Unfortunately for me, I'm a federal employee, um, and I work with the military, which is why I like my current job better than my last one. But I think the main thing I don't like about this job is everything that's involved with the fact that most of what I wanted most, but a decent portion of my coworkers being military. I'm not used to having to deal with this many conservative people. Um,
So
there's, there are a couple of the vets on our staff that are trump supporters. Um,
and
I, for the most part, one of them just said I like trump because he's good for my taxes.
But of course she's a white woman. So
it's supposedly for reproductive rights. I'm like,
what? Yeah. She, she someone was fighting her on this about various trump politics and she's like, no, he wouldn't do that. I don't believe I'm like, you don't read the news at all do you? Because
I know like you just generally just saw like whatever he was doing for your taxes and just ignored at literally everything else.
No
like I would love to save money on my taxes also I'm doing just fine. I can afford to help the rest of the world out. Like I don't dude it's not hard
when
ring
more.
war is
I've
never
had
Children,
I'm never having Children. Like I still expect my tax money to go to help fund our education system
like. Yeah.
Even though it doesn't feel like it a lot of the
time.
there's um I am outside of D. C. And I had been doing a lot of protesting this summer and then I actually ended up with um tendonitis in my lower leg and was not allowed to walk more than really around the office for an extended period of time. Yeah, that got stopped. Um But this past weekend as I think happened in most of the major cities, there was like million maga march
and all not it And I wanted to go £1 and like counter protests but at the same time I'm like I don't want to get stabbed. I don't want you want to make me so angry that I punch somebody in the face, especially as a federal employee. Yeah. Um like I really I wanted to go down and help protect the good people, but at the same time I'm like I kind of hope there's no counter protesting because nothing good is going to happen.
Like somebody
you
studied
l the right political.
and
but what did trump do? He apparently drove down with the mega marchers and like had it um or
his motorcade and wave tall them and everything and.
yep. I got tear gassed with not fun, not an enjoyable
experience. I wasn't doing anything but you know,
they can with their hate
speech
and
just
Yeah. Yeah. The night that they were reporting that trunk trump being in his bunker, we were in D. C. That night and all of the military down there and they're just they're just moving people. Materially, we're not doing anything just like oh we don't want to just tear gassing people and
irish.
Yeah. I think I gave up on the other side when I thought that one of the few things that both sides seem to care about our Children, but it's okay uh immigrant Children are dying in these detention centers. That that's fine, like okay, never
mind.
For
civilization. Yeah. Like, okay. No, I I used to think that there were republicans that were decent people. Like,
I don't think I agreed with john McCain on anything, but I didn't think he was a horrible person. But
these republicans are just like, oh, well, he's, you know, chief and everything. So just as we got back, everything that he says, well, you know what people, nope, I'm
done with all, all of you. You're all worthless. You're
all horrible people. You're complicit. No.
Very
deplorable.
Clinton was right. They are fucking deplorables,
yep. Oh, you're, you're mad that Biden wanted to get the fuck out. You know what? Just go, we're done with you. Please leave. Yeah.
You
get
healthier and everything and be happy and respected once again.
I'm sick
of looping.
It's, we're beyond taking the high road. Like, come on, like we're never going to get anything done and they're just going to keep winning and things are just going to be awful all the time.
How has that been holding breasts?
And I'm sure biden is going to keep trying to do that, so.
Yeah. I had a, there are a couple of weeks at work during the summer where I was happy that I was given permission and primarily tele work. Because um the thing I think the one thing that I appreciate about working with the military is that like it is a relatively diverse workforce. Um but at least among like the veterinarians, I'm the only non white veterinarian. Um and yeah, and then, and there's a lot of us to like there's, There's 10 or 12 of us. Um And I've never been in an institution that had this many veterinarians. Um So to be, and I'm not the only liberal one, Like I do have a couple of close friends, like kind of got why I was so upset. Um But they're also military and they're not going to speak out. I'm also the only non military vet. Um
Yeah,
yeah, so they're not going to speak out of turn because they have their whole rank system. And while
I appreciate
that,
yeah, my boss is my boss, I'm not a soldier and you have, you still have to speak to me like a person like I'm sorry like that you can't speak down to me like you with all the soldiers or whatever. So I appreciated that. That's why the tele work because I'm like, I can't I can't deal with any of you right now. I can't do it. I don't want to look at you like you just because even the like a couple of friends that I have, I'm like, I feel the fact that you're not speaking up, it's making me agree with you. So I just, yeah, where I can get myself in trouble cause I'm going to say something stupid because I'm just too, I'm hurting, I'm angry and I can deal. So Yeah, but I, I still haven't gotten to the point where I feel like I can read news like I used to because I feel like the easiest way for me to cope is to just like not involved, not um spend too much time being informed on what's going on because it just, yeah, I can't maintain my community and be kept abreast of what's actually happening out there. Yeah.
I don't like, I don't have reason helpful. Yeah I'm going to donate money. I need to do like text banking and stuff like whatever I can do from here to help with that I'm going to do. No.
I love her.
She's
and no. Whoa,
whoa.
Thanks.
Yeah. I'm
I'm
hope.
Yeah because just one of those uses what I don't understand why anyone goes in the politics are certain areas of law because you don't really have any other options. So. But yeah, I was I would have been so happy with Stacy Abrahams V. P. Amazing.
And
then
Oh my that
would have been
excited.
we got those assholes
like out of our men. That was amazing. Oh my god. Maybe
one day, one
day.
Yeah. I don't know. I keep wondering if aoc is gonna run one day.
Yeah. No I feel like it's going to be similar though like the I mean unless there's some major shifts in our country.
Um They're talking about increasing restrictions again. Um They did let's see they had gotten up to I think 50% capacity in restaurants and Jim and they decreased that back down to 25% I think last week. Um But there they're trying not to close back down the restaurants and the gyms and everything. I don't really know how that's possible. I feel like it's you're just delaying the inevitable
and it's just getting
worse.
I agree.
I don't understand this whole but if we give people unemployment money they're never going to want to go back to work. What is wrong with you? People seriously?
who?
But you're supposed to pull yourself up by your bootstraps or whatever so. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah.
It
will
be.
A lot of people
agreed. Now I'm wondering even when the vaccine comes out, how many people are actually going to go get it? Because if you have a problem wearing a mask, what's the likelihood drugs? We're gonna go get a vaccination.
I need to
what was um area?
My doctor is complaining at my last appointment. She has a lot of elderly patients and she was just complaining about how she still has to convince them like why they why they need the flu vaccine especially now. And like I keep telling unique coronavirus vaccine comes out. You need to get it, you have to get it, you have to get it. And she's just like, I don't understand why I have to talk about people dying because there's not enough hospital beds and people being you don't die, but you've got these sick. Well a for I mean if your old the rest of your life potentially and it's like why do I have to go to these extremes for you to understand why this is important? I'm like I I don't know I
again,
yep me too.
I'm
not,
yep. They but we're not that smart over here. I also don't understand all these people, I feel like everyone is getting pregnant. Well
how was it at the
time?
And it's like, you know, I don't understand the whole baby thing anyway. It's really hard for me to pretend to be happy for you right now because you're being stupid, right?
I don't understand.
Yeah. And don't understand. And most of the people I know that are doing it, like don't make much money, like so you can barely you're always complaining about how you don't have money, but she thought getting pregnant would be a good idea, especially right now.
you can't make this shit up,
right? I don't understand.
that was totally a smart decision.
Stupid,
hate people. And
And how many
of these conversations yet
you're my third? The first one I had was like super awkward um Just I'm bad at like I hate small talk, like I'm an introvert like the whole like you know, it's bad when you're young like hey hi pause and then I think I introduced myself and then she did the same and then there's another big pause and then we started talking about the weather. Yeah, and that's how you know this is not going very well. I'm not only I think about 20 minutes in like we hit a stride and it was okay but that was like I kept looking at the time like every It felt like two minutes which obviously bad sign. The last one was okay though. Yeah. Yes.
War I was just completely my husband the other day. I'm like why is it easier to meet people that like I like online that is in real life? It's really
annoying.
no,
I was with
Yeah, I didn't really do too much before anyway and now I'm not supposed to be doing anything so outside of people that like I see every day at work,
I don't
know
you.
No,
it's weird. I kind of like like there are times when like I miss I mean I miss being able to go out and do things like when I feel like it obviously, but at the same time like it's kind of nice being an introvert right now, not forced to interact with people all the time. Like I'm not supposed to be going out doing anything for the fact that I'm not going out doing anything, Is it weird? And we're trying to save it for a house anyway, so it's like
four wings. So
and I'm an extroverted introvert, so Yeah.
Yes. That is one of the things that we definitely did. Like I'm super into food, love food and then my husband is also like a big into movies, so he's dying right? When
tenant came, we went to go see Lieutenant. Um and I felt like a couple of my friends kind of judged me, but I'm like, dude, there are less than 10 people in the entire theater and we were all spaced out. Um But I'm really worried because I don't know if the movie industry is going to make it through dynamic
and
it's
I'm
Andrew,
there's so many things that have been closing, it's so sad.
I know,
I did too,
I don't
know.
Mcdonald's will be fine, go somewhere else. Also, there are plenty of things that are better than Mcdonalds and Mcdonald's will be fine, go somewhere else. Yeah,
yep, yep, it's, I don't know and there things around us that have opened during the pandemic, which is interesting, but I guess if you already had plans to do so I guess
my
one of the places like I'm kind of excited about um a japanese barbecue place,
I'm not, they open because there's a lot of time in Rockville Maryland which has like a super high asian population. Um So there's like
there robert, yes, great food. At least four Korean barbecue places within like five miles of my house. Um But this is the only like japanese barbecue place in the area, but it's not cheap and it's in an area that's like expensive things in this area or in the specific area that it's in tend to die because it's just not well made like the parking is inconvenient and there aren't enough things in the area that people would just end up there randomly and without the movies, I think the big draws was movie theater people to come to the movie theater and then they would walk around, but you can't do that anymore. Um So this place is like, it's more expensive because I think the quality of meats are better,
but It's a pandemic and people aren't necessarily in that area for no reason, so they're probably not going to drive to your establishment to spend $50 per serving of beef. Probably not the best idea. Uh
Because
yeah, there's been, I think the past because I used to live over in that complex actually and there's been a ridiculous amount of turnover like that, like I used to live above this little, I want to call it a pub, but like a little restaurant with like American food, like when I was still a fan of the NFL, I would go down there and watch games. Um but like they were kind of expensive um like the charge like $35 or a crab cake. Um
so they didn't want, wow, there's a lot of plank within that area that try to do things like that. I understand it from the sense that like, I mean that was the complex that I moved to when I moved to Maryland, I was like first job, I'm gonna knowingly spend too much money on rent because it's my first job and I do this for a couple of years before I start being sensible again. Um But like so the rent in that area is stupid expensive and apparently like leasing is also stupid expensive, so I get that like you don't really want to be making cheap food, but at the same time like clearly everything that tries to be at a like mid to upper price point has died and yet people still keep trying to do it, and the only things that have survived are like the irish pub and
yep, the Buffalo Wild Wings, Starbucks. Um And yeah that's about it, like there's even like there was a thai place that was reasonably priced and pretty good actually. They went out of business. The mellow mushroom went out of business. Yeah. Yeah like there's
friend.
Yeah exactly. So it's like guys maybe pay attention to what is surviving here and what is not and learn. But yeah I don't know. I don't know. Money politics people for
american. Yeah. I already told my coworkers that if trump won this election do not expect to see me in a couple of years because I will be moving to another country because I can't do this anymore.
So.
you have to
help
them.
That's awesome. I can't even imagine poor Canadians you're like oh I wish our borders weren't touching.
Yeah they deserve what they get, especially the ones that voted for him a second goddamn done. Yeah.
Yeah. You deserve every awful thing that you get. If you voted for him a second time, every single one. Yeah.
I'm like, why can't all those people get covid and die? Yeah.
no,
it,
Be better for the rest of the world if those people died. Just facts. Yeah. Yeah.
movable. I don't understand.
No.
I
don't get, I don't get it right. It's part of the reason why I'm not religious. I feel like there are a few things that have never separated people as thoroughly as religion as let's kill in the name
of Crane.
Yeah, relation should be like a personal thing. Like I don't understand why people feel the need to have their religious beliefs influence or they think that that should dictate the lives of people around them. I don't, I don't know
like if you don't want an
abortion, fine have one. I don't really understand this. That means I can't have one. I'm not you,
I'm not
working.
We're dealing
with
Example that don't kind of one. Do you feel that to see what other consenting adults are doing in their bedroom? Oh, you weren't planning on looking nobody you care like. I don't.
Well, your stupidity is in front of my face. So you know what? Like can we outlaw
that?
No one wants to be breeding.
Is that bad?
Yep. Yeah. Yeah. People aren't trying to oppress their neighbors like you here. Yeah.
We Yeah. No. All right. America. But uh
yeah, fingers crossed that it gets better, but
it won't
hold them.
I think
what
we know,
it will get better. Just not as quickly as we
needed to.
Yes, for sure. Can't let them off the hook.
What?
And
now
what? I saw the news um that biden had one, it was like
it
was from you know someone is wave of relief and also exhaustion like all the like stress and anxiety was like keeping me like up and awake and then as soon as that gone body was like great, can you sleep for like a week now,
I didn't do
time and I don't remember how long
and
it was it was really nice that weekend we went downtown um and just seeing all of the other people like celebrating. Well it was so cathartic, it's just
it was amazing.
these people do exist. Oh I needed this reminder if I'm not alone. Oh my God,
yep. Everyone is so happy music and there's like random people like dancing in the street and people are popping champagne in the street and the place was just like it's fine you're standing. Oh he was amazing.
We're
gonna
have
this one day, one day tomorrow I'll go back to sing in my house but I need today long.
All
it's perfect.
And then got yeah. Yes.
I
hope.
Pretty sweet deal. It did like just everything. It just gave me hope for a future. So
Name
member.
I saw
that.
Mhm.
I didn't read the details because I still like I can read headlines. Can't read
deep.
What? Absolutely.
Or the woman in shock. Yeah. Well
like I
have
to I'll get it with my supervisor soon and hopefully like I said hopefully no one really noticed that I dropped from that meeting and guess
off
soon.
Yeah. I'll just say like that I got from the VPN or something that happens all the time. No, no one realizes
it
but it was really great talking now.
No.
Um it's like you could say you could add me on facebook but I'm trying not to use facebook because it's mhm. It's a group. It's a good way to keep in touch with people but I still kind of hate facebook. Yeah.
How do you spell
lexi?
So that's funny cause so it's your name Alexandra
Alexis. So my name is Alexandra and I also go Galaxy.
my god this is hilarious but I will totally add you. So you're beginning a request from lexi j on facebook
but oh God, this is so weird. But
do you have it? So people outside of your area can add you? I know that's a setting or something.
Someone.
Let
me see. Um
Yeah, come on computer. Go.
The coincidence says, let's see. I think this is, you know, it
says message. I guess I can message you and then you can add me.
She got my method, yep. You might not
be
seeing it
because
that's weird
Well,
thank
you. Give
your head.
Sam.
I've gotten a couple of those like some random person in Nigeria, you obviously don't know have requested your friendship. Let's
not
do
that.
I am with me and you. Well, it was nice
speaking
to you. Yeah. Yeah, I guess I'll catch you later. Mm
Lexi.
Why?
You too. Bye.