SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Because yeah. Okay. Let's get a couple. Mm hmm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. I don't know. Really? Still here.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Who are you?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you hear me? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. But hi, my name is minute. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry, what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: The night
SPEAKER_R: Okay, my name is mine, a nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: you see where your son?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm from pennsylvania, Oh, how about you?
SPEAKER_L: come from, boston.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, nice, yeah, I'm in Pittsburgh, so mhm
SPEAKER_L: My pleasure to go is.
SPEAKER_R: it's going okay, I woke up with a sore throat, so I'm kind of freaked out, but but I feel fine otherwise, so I think I'm just like psyching myself out because I can be kind of a hypochondriac. Act
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: you, have you been like going out? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I've been to a restaurant like a couple of times, but I haven't gone in a while and haven't been really
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: experienced with that many people besides like people that I see all the time, so fine, I'm just gonna go before, so paranoid, but
SPEAKER_L: I thought not to be right now, I feel
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think it's so easy to get like freaked out about everything. How are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Um Pretty good. I've
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: been away for so long. I don't know why I like wake up so early now since like quarantining and like I'm not a morning person and like when I was working I was never woke up early so it's like weird to me that I have nothing to do and I love that like six.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't, I feel like that too, I normally let's sleep into like 10 or so now, like eight, it's really bizarre. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I would like literally, I mean I have nothing to do with, I was, we tried so hard to find things to like busy night time up but not very successful.
SPEAKER_R: Are you in college or We're
SPEAKER_L: I got a few years ago, so I was working, I lived in California and then I got laid off so I came home,
SPEAKER_R: come on.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't want to stay in California, it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's kind of nice to be home and I see with my family for a bit because I lived at home since I graduated.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That is nice. Yeah, I'm a junior at pit right now. So I came home in like april because my roommate was potentially exposed. So I came
SPEAKER_L: And have
SPEAKER_R: So it's part to environment. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: on all
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: my classes.
SPEAKER_R: were interesting. Um It kind of made things easier. Her like tests and stuff because I don't know, it was kind of nice but it was just weird to have everything stops so quickly, which I'm sure you felt the exact same thing. But yeah, I think it's almost worse now because we don't know what's really going on for the fall. Yeah. Mhm. They are not really giving us answers like we're all going back to campus, but I don't know like how, how it, how it's gonna work. Like they're talking about things like hybrid classes and I feel like that's going to be harder than like all online are just completely in person so it'll be interest
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. For sure. What do you study?
SPEAKER_R: um there a science and psychology. What was your injury?
SPEAKER_L: I said a finance and hospitality. Yeah, I was being financed out of the hotel a little bit of salt, but hotels are not going to bounce back anytime soon, so I'm thinking like I need to refocus honestly I'm okay with that. I think like right now certainly a hard time finding a job because there's like the recent grads, but I'm now looking and then like people who got laid out for looking like a big candidate for, I think seeing them a lot more competitive. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's really scary. I'm sorry you got laid off.
SPEAKER_L: that's okay. I feel like everything happens for a reason. So it's like 40.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's what I try to tell myself. It's so freaky. Have you been going out mostly staying home?
SPEAKER_L: I've been mostly staying home. Like I have hung out with some friends who are also like quarantining and not really doing anything. So like we're
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: going to hang out with my household at their house and he, so I don't get very close and like we usually try to stay outside, but otherwise like I, but I don't really like um here they started opening up like stopping and um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: they have outdoor dining
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: and um
SPEAKER_R: people?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what else has opened up and I don't really want anywhere. Like is it worth it? Really? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: the couple of times I did go out like my friend got engaged so she had like a luncheon. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so that it was like reserved group and I knew who everyone was and stuff but I just felt so like not guilty but like kind of guilty I guess it was just like not worth going out, I don't think I'm glad I want a friend, but yeah, in general, I don't think it's worth
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: going, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: crazy. I'm sure it's fully
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: reopened like it resumed all normalized. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: they were the least um like shut down to begin with slightly for me. Um but they're reopening was still fast and they're fully reopened now. There's nothing that you can't do and you're not required to learn that in public 15
SPEAKER_R: Very well,
SPEAKER_L: years. Yeah. So I don't know like what the
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: situation there is. Like if they have a lot of cases or not but I can't imagine how they put in with the way they're handling things. But at the same time I'm like if they had such a huge fight like they would have done something like that would have modified in some way. But third yeah. They're just doing their things
SPEAKER_R: wow, it's freaky. I haven't heard about them but you know, I've heard about like texas and California
SPEAKER_L: florida
SPEAKER_R: ST yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah florida was like the biggest 12
SPEAKER_L: part of nuts. Those people are crazy. Right?
SPEAKER_R: like such a western p a thing to go to like Ocean City or Myrtle Beach or something. I'm like, is it worth it like for that if I'm going on vacation I want to go somewhere nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well it's also, I mean, I feel like, yeah, you can go to the beach and like you can like a relatively far from people that you're not like with, but it's like, I don't know, it's a very different kind. It's kind of apocalyptic that's going to public place, but when you're faced with some people going off, like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it's like, it's weird, like, I don't know if I don't want to, but I mean, I guess people are getting very like Sir Casey, which I get, but it's like, it's not like we're staying home just for fun, like for no reason. Like there's a purpose. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we were talking to our neighbours yesterday and she was like we rented a condo and I know we can stay like pretty isolated and they're like, well we're scared to like lose
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: our money if we don't go. So there's like financial factors and stuff like that too. But I'm like and well,
SPEAKER_L: I feel like people are basically leaning like refunds on stuff, so right now.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I wasn't gonna like start an argument with her because we're not, it's not, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: not that
SPEAKER_L: worth it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's how I feel with a lot of controversial opinions. I'm like, I'm not even gonna get started because I don't think we're going to get any more productive. But yeah, it's been very interesting times for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: No. No.
SPEAKER_L: as you mentioned, your friend got engaged, I feel like so many people have gotten engaged before you pain and I'm like, Mhm. Talk to you guys for this proving that you guys can make it like that you guys are like, I don't wanna go for it because I feel like so many people have broken out. Like it's a field cut for relationships right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so. And like um our other friend was we were all joking about like quarantine babies and stuff when people came in whatever and we like we try to go like walk every day because we're not like near anyone in the park and I think it's fine and I need to do some kind of exercise, I'm going crazy. And anyway, she just told us that she was pregnant yesterday, which was we because Mhm. We were not expecting that and she just like casually dropped that baby breakup.
SPEAKER_L: Stop
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: breaking
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: off. And you know the lady?
SPEAKER_R: No, they're not breaking up. I just meant like people in
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: general.
SPEAKER_L: like both things are happening. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. Like my friend was telling me that he moved into his girlfriend like three months ago and I'm like, but a really bad time when you learn with someone because you literally move in and then you're spending every waking moment with them. There's open for teachers because you've got the first group of people who got laid off or like staying home was like a lot of faith time. If you guys really like each other, you will be good
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: if you don't, you don't know
SPEAKER_R: Well?
SPEAKER_L: like now you'll find out.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that is very stressful. Are you in a relationship with anyone?
SPEAKER_L: No. Are you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have a boyfriend we've been dating like almost two years now, but
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: we obviously don't get together, so I've seen him like a couple of times because his parents are older and a little more high risk and we're trying to be really cautious about that, but we've been distance. Like the whole not just we're like an hour away, so I'm kind of used to not see him too much. It would be really interesting if we just like we did the other one getting
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know like, I mean I really fast way to find out if it's the right relationship or not like I don't know if I want to do it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah with like leases and rent and I don't know, I couldn't do that stresses me out but
SPEAKER_L: I have a lot of my friends are like really like feeling like allow I really need a boyfriend now. They're like going so hard on like the dating app and I'm like this is like a really weird time to do that because it's like everyone was so socially isolated that like everyone so needy. I'm like hi this system of goodbye. Like it's a really weird time to look for a relationship but
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it's like he's ever gonna have more three times a day.
SPEAKER_R: that's true.
SPEAKER_L: Really never flagged. I don't know if people are in the right frame of mind to be but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We all some non conventional dates like.
SPEAKER_L: my friends are just like going on days but it's like meeting up like hanging out of parts and I'm like that's the right place work for you and you do it. But I don't know how many like how many times I'd be cool like meeting up with a stranger at apart during the pan down there. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you do if that's what you want one.
SPEAKER_L: I also just like every time I've gone out like that go look okay, drives with my sister or something and like it really sucks not being able to find restrooms anywhere.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I've encountered that too.
SPEAKER_L: I can't I can't do it. I don't know why anyone wants to be out for an extended period of time because like literally if you have to go to the bathroom, like probably not going to find one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was at the park and I just wanted to refill my water bottle and all the like water fountains where it closed off and stuff like to drink, it was just awful.
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's annoying but I mean
SPEAKER_R: Forget it, mm
SPEAKER_L: I don't get so like like restaurants that are open like doing take out like
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: so when you use the restaurant because I don't know and I feel like it even if like someone like not hygienic or like maybe it's infected and using the restroom as long as you're not like girls making sure you don't touch anything like you'll be okay. I don't but I get also like that they go out one man power. It has like clean like I think that's the pain that happens like every hour if they're open that's like a lot more manny for cleaning will disclose it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's stressful. The one thing that really like I've tried really hard to put it all into perspective and be like my life is fine. I can adapt and you know, let things get canceled and stuff, but stuff like the dentist, the guy knee, you know, like stuff. I'm like, why can't I just go get my teeth? Like I know they're only doing like emergency visits and stuff, but just like stressful because now all of that stuff is so behind and,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: but if you're a regular
SPEAKER_L: think, I think it was a dentist here open. I don't know if vary by state, but my mom had a dentist appointment like a couple days ago for a regular screening. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: canceled. I was like early june and they called and canceled me. But
SPEAKER_L: And you know it sounds like it's gonna take forever to get it rescheduled like because
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: everyone's in your dream scheduling right?
SPEAKER_R: And like I don't know about your dentist, but mine, you have to schedule it like six months in advance. So you never know if that day anyway. So that kind of stuff I don't really understand. Like I understand minimizing risk and stuff, but I feel like those kinds of things should be allowed because so many people not getting seen, like even if you think about like mammograms and stuff like that, you could be missing those check ups that people need to like get screened for. I don't
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: like epidemic like they can do like a very thorough cleaning of the room during in between education and like the dead, this can be like well equipped with PPE and like should be fun. You know like it's because they're sanitizing anyways. It's not like this is like a lot of this isn't gonna be additional cleaning like defeat more thoroughly and like always so are handled himself like okay that's new. But like the cleaning of the tool, the tool should have been sanitized the same way that they would be now because
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And like they
SPEAKER_L: top
SPEAKER_R: always want to ask anyway. I don't know. So that stuff like that kind of frustrates me because I don't want people to get sick and not know it because they're missing those kinds of things and then it just like back at the hospital and stuff even more. But yeah. So so
SPEAKER_L: I know it's the same thing with weddings like all the people who at the cancel their weddings. like I know some people are just like forget it or like I'll just like do my doom wedding or whatever. But like all the people who are wanting to read book their weddings, these venues are going to be still overwhelmed. There was not going to be the time for people who are planning 2021 weddings and the people who are spending 2020 weddings plus whoever like this wasn't planning their wedding, it like all fit them in next year. Like whenever things start to open again because like that's also very destructive and it's like not going to be like it, it's too much people that are going to have a need now that they're not going to be able to meet. They're not able to make the lawyers
SPEAKER_R: Because I know some people are trying to reschedule like for the fall and now we're like, well the fall it's not gonna work. So who knows when it's going to be to actually reschedule your stuff because I don't know. And it's even more stressful because you think about like if we could get like a vaccine or treatment or better testing, there's so many like skeptics and conspiracy theorists are like they're tracking us there, injecting us with stuff. Like it's those kinds of people that aren't going to let us go back to normal earlier than we should be. So it really freaks me out. No.
SPEAKER_L: wonder if we're close to getting a vaccine and honestly, and then usually that can take years to develop. But I don't know what the whole world is working on this right now
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel like by next year they probably might have one, but I have no idea. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: because I was like, I mean developing it but then they have to do with all the test indian child particularly with some more time since ending part. But I don't even think about that now. But I don't have any like I think that they were like in like stage three of one vaccine behind them. Don't you never hear about it on the news or I don't really talk about it. But you just randomly see an article. Well like I talked to a guy like friends or nurses or like pharmacists and like they're more important, you know? So like tell me stuff and I'm like, oh okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's hard to know because like I do research to not for vaccines but just like the research process. It takes so long to get approval to work with people and I'm hoping they can expedite that kind of like bureaucracy stuff. Getting everything but you're right. Like it just takes long because you don't know how people are going to react. You just kinda have to let it like tickets, cores, wow,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. And the
SPEAKER_R: Everyone
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: what? Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Have you like done these like survey things before? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um I started doing prolific probably in like March just for like an extra thing to do because my lab uses it like well do surveys on here. So I was like, wait, I should try to get extra money too. So I've done like the better piece. I've done this survey before too. Like I've talked to one other person. Um Yeah, so that was interesting like the first time, so I had no idea what to expect and then I fine like I really want is awkward, but the other, it was like
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: kind of painting whatever.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like why would you sign up for this if you're like not like, I mean I think like right now like honestly at my social skills are like not what they used to be because I don't talk to people anymore, but like literally speaking if you're like socially, like why would you send up?
SPEAKER_R: I know it's like I'm kind of weird around strangers, but I feel like if anyone can just like, like most people should just be able to hold a conversation for 20 minutes. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: right now. It's like you just like you just talk about quarantine and fly. It's just everyone, you know like maybe in normal circumstances, like you don't know what you can relate to bring some stranger on like everyone's going through this. So which is already at the point of this, I feel disappointed this experiment. I kind of feel like how many people are going to use quarantine is like their thoughts put up a topic of conversation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's just so easy to find like, like you said, just you can relate to and everyone's going through it. Have you gone to any protests or anything like that?
SPEAKER_L: No. Have you?
SPEAKER_R: I went to one because it was really local, like it's like five minutes from my house and they were really emphasizing how it was going to be useful and I trusted the people that were leading it so and that was fine. It was completely like peaceful and safe and I stayed away from everyone and we had masks on and all that, so that was nice. Was really empowering. But I haven't gone to any like big ones in the city or anything.
SPEAKER_L: I like really? I can't okay, I can't believe that like with what's going on and like how much people are talking about it, that like it almost seems like police misbehaviour is like happening more and I just don't get it because I feel like it, if this is I feel public and it's such a look at the top of conversations on the forefront as much as it is, like it's like they'd be on their best behavior, felt
SPEAKER_R: you've
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: been a great
SPEAKER_L: it's not like I like actually getting worse and if they're being like more audacious about it, bizarre to me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't under there's just been so many new stories and I'm this shit even real like it's very disheartening. I I don't know different people in my family feel differently about it and I'm trying to see everyone's like perspective but you know it's different when we're dealing with human rights and safety and I don't know it's just such a sensitive topic but I feel like both sides are so loud and so like set on their way. I don't know. I feel like not that we should compromise but like you would think that the people who are arguing that all lives matter and police lives matter and shit like that would just like to take a step back and not think about themselves for once if that makes sense, you know? Oh
SPEAKER_L: I just feel like I just don't get how people
SPEAKER_R: And yeah.
SPEAKER_L: can be ignorant to like the reality of what's happening life. Like I I don't know how you gonna deny that like you're literally doing a story about someone who died. Look for no reason it takes I just
SPEAKER_R: and if
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: you see
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: the video of it and you're still like well you know, that's what happened.
SPEAKER_L: like the old man that like they just shoved and then he started bleeding from his head and then they all like 57 officers were dying like in response like yeah how why? But at the same time like I've been reading things about like officers who have tried to like um see whistleblowers are like stand up for what's right and then they get totally blackballed and they get like forced out of their jobs and they get like targeted at work. And so it's like you really
SPEAKER_R: look.
SPEAKER_L: can't win. So it's like effect the system that the environment that they operated even if there are police, which part there are like they can't effectively make change because even like like this one of those things like kept escalating and escalating and escalating what happened and every level he took it to the same response. They were like you're wrong and he got reprimanded and like splendid like singles out looks like if that's the system that's how it is and like really can't make a difference.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And that's hard because you want the good people to stay in and try to make the change and then you have people that are like, well all the like if you're a cop who has good morals, you should quit your job. And I'm like what is that doing? You're just learning the bathrooms like have a bigger voice.
SPEAKER_L: The green, what is letting me like you either put your job or you stay silent simple then you're not making a difference there either and you like it needs to be reworked just there has to be a better way but it has to start from the top like it's not there.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. And I think the issue with like the media and stuff as people are focusing on these very like trivial changes, like changing it jemima or changing Uncle Ben's like those brands, like no one's asking for that. No one's mad about those like trivial things. No one was like asking you to rename things they want like laws and they want reform and you know policy want like these symbolic changes that don't really do anything to make things better because those kinds of changes are what make other people who don't really like get the movement be like, oh this is just getting ridiculous. They are asking for too much and you know no one, no one was really asking for that at least from what I've seen I meant so I don't know,
SPEAKER_L: But also kind of like, I think that could protests are effective in raising awareness and getting attention affection for the cause.
SPEAKER_R: I agree.
SPEAKER_L: But I don't think that the protests are necessarily what like getting the changes that have been made. Like, like the policy changes that have happened on like a small scale. I think that's like the petition and the letters and the people who are like reaching out to people in politics, in their districts and like that. I think that's what like pushing it, but I guess that wouldn't really be happening as much as if there wasn't that traction and attention that they're getting at the protest.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's hard to know like what is the biggest driving force but as long as you're doing something I guess it's better than doing nothing. But at the same time like you said you can't you know expect to get things done unless you're actually like signing and crawling and doing everything you need to do so.
SPEAKER_L: It's just sad that the people who are like going out and protesting are like putting themselves in like so much harm's way could do it because they're getting on to act like it. Mhm. It's just crazy. Like I can't imagine what like the rest of the world is thinking being like how what's the behavior of our government and our police? I can't imagine this is the most unstable country ever.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I don't, I can't even imagine like the issues with other countries that have like I don't know it's like third world countries like because this one is so crazy and we're supposed to be one of the better ones. Like I think I'm so much more sympathy for other people in general. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I just think like, imagine like the country was taken training europe, like where were so comfortable like in terms of like the standards and like how we operate and like
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: barbaric, what's happening here is literally it's like comparable to a third world country, but it's so it's supposed to be so involved. So it's like, I don't know how, I think it's really interesting how foreign affairs will be affected by this because it's like, you really can't be
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah.
SPEAKER_L: country with the way things happen here and that looks so public.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah I agree. 100% wow. We've been we've got our 25 minutes and already thank you. Yeah I think we're good. Sure what?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, it was nice talking to you,
SPEAKER_R: You know it's nice talking to you too. I hope you have a good day.
SPEAKER_L: you to feel better. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I feel fine. I think I'm just being dramatic. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: well nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: What you do?
SPEAKER_R: Bye.