All
yeah, you hear me? Okay,
I'm sorry, what's your name?
Okay, my name is mine, a nice to meet you.
Oh, I'm from pennsylvania, Oh, how about you?
Oh, nice, yeah, I'm in Pittsburgh, so mhm
it's going okay, I woke up with a sore throat, so I'm kind of freaked out, but but I feel fine otherwise, so I think I'm just like psyching myself out because I can be kind of a hypochondriac. Act
what?
I've been to a restaurant like a couple of times, but I haven't gone in a while and haven't been really
experienced with that many people besides like people that I see all the time, so fine, I'm just gonna go before, so paranoid, but
yeah, I think it's so easy to get like freaked out about everything. How are you doing?
I mean,
Yeah, I don't, I feel like that too, I normally let's sleep into like 10 or so now, like eight, it's really bizarre. Okay.
Are you in college or We're
come on.
Yeah.
Yeah. That is nice. Yeah, I'm a junior at pit right now. So I came home in like april because my roommate was potentially exposed. So I came
So it's part to environment. Yeah,
they
were interesting. Um It kind of made things easier. Her like tests and stuff because I don't know, it was kind of nice but it was just weird to have everything stops so quickly, which I'm sure you felt the exact same thing. But yeah, I think it's almost worse now because we don't know what's really going on for the fall. Yeah. Mhm. They are not really giving us answers like we're all going back to campus, but I don't know like how, how it, how it's gonna work. Like they're talking about things like hybrid classes and I feel like that's going to be harder than like all online are just completely in person so it'll be interest
um there a science and psychology. What was your injury?
Yeah. Yeah. That's really scary. I'm sorry you got laid off.
Yeah, that's what I try to tell myself. It's so freaky. Have you been going out mostly staying home?
Well
Mhm.
What
people?
the couple of times I did go out like my friend got engaged so she had like a luncheon. Yeah
so that it was like reserved group and I knew who everyone was and stuff but I just felt so like not guilty but like kind of guilty I guess it was just like not worth going out, I don't think I'm glad I want a friend, but yeah, in general, I don't think it's worth
going, but yeah.
Thanks.
No,
no.
Very well,
No.
wow, it's freaky. I haven't heard about them but you know, I've heard about like texas and California
ST yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah florida was like the biggest 12
like such a western p a thing to go to like Ocean City or Myrtle Beach or something. I'm like, is it worth it like for that if I'm going on vacation I want to go somewhere nice. Yeah.
What?
Yeah, we were talking to our neighbours yesterday and she was like we rented a condo and I know we can stay like pretty isolated and they're like, well we're scared to like lose
our money if we don't go. So there's like financial factors and stuff like that too. But I'm like and well,
yeah, I wasn't gonna like start an argument with her because we're not, it's not, you know,
not that
yeah, that's how I feel with a lot of controversial opinions. I'm like, I'm not even gonna get started because I don't think we're going to get any more productive. But yeah, it's been very interesting times for sure.
No. No.
Yeah, I think so. And like um our other friend was we were all joking about like quarantine babies and stuff when people came in whatever and we like we try to go like walk every day because we're not like near anyone in the park and I think it's fine and I need to do some kind of exercise, I'm going crazy. And anyway, she just told us that she was pregnant yesterday, which was we because Mhm. We were not expecting that and she just like casually dropped that baby breakup.
Thank
you.
No, they're not breaking up. I just meant like people in
general.
what?
Well?
yeah, that is very stressful. Are you in a relationship with anyone?
Yeah, I have a boyfriend we've been dating like almost two years now, but
we obviously don't get together, so I've seen him like a couple of times because his parents are older and a little more high risk and we're trying to be really cautious about that, but we've been distance. Like the whole not just we're like an hour away, so I'm kind of used to not see him too much. It would be really interesting if we just like we did the other one getting
yeah with like leases and rent and I don't know, I couldn't do that stresses me out but
What?
that's true.
Yeah. We all some non conventional dates like.
you do if that's what you want one.
Yes, I've encountered that too.
I was at the park and I just wanted to refill my water bottle and all the like water fountains where it closed off and stuff like to drink, it was just awful.
Forget it, mm
Good.
Yeah. Yeah. That's stressful. The one thing that really like I've tried really hard to put it all into perspective and be like my life is fine. I can adapt and you know, let things get canceled and stuff, but stuff like the dentist, the guy knee, you know, like stuff. I'm like, why can't I just go get my teeth? Like I know they're only doing like emergency visits and stuff, but just like stressful because now all of that stuff is so behind and,
but if you're a regular
canceled. I was like early june and they called and canceled me. But
And
And like I don't know about your dentist, but mine, you have to schedule it like six months in advance. So you never know if that day anyway. So that kind of stuff I don't really understand. Like I understand minimizing risk and stuff, but I feel like those kinds of things should be allowed because so many people not getting seen, like even if you think about like mammograms and stuff like that, you could be missing those check ups that people need to like get screened for. I don't
know.
Yeah. And like they
always want to ask anyway. I don't know. So that stuff like that kind of frustrates me because I don't want people to get sick and not know it because they're missing those kinds of things and then it just like back at the hospital and stuff even more. But yeah. So so
Because I know some people are trying to reschedule like for the fall and now we're like, well the fall it's not gonna work. So who knows when it's going to be to actually reschedule your stuff because I don't know. And it's even more stressful because you think about like if we could get like a vaccine or treatment or better testing, there's so many like skeptics and conspiracy theorists are like they're tracking us there, injecting us with stuff. Like it's those kinds of people that aren't going to let us go back to normal earlier than we should be. So it really freaks me out. No.
Yeah. I feel like by next year they probably might have one, but I have no idea. Okay.
Yeah. It's hard to know because like I do research to not for vaccines but just like the research process. It takes so long to get approval to work with people and I'm hoping they can expedite that kind of like bureaucracy stuff. Getting everything but you're right. Like it just takes long because you don't know how people are going to react. You just kinda have to let it like tickets, cores, wow,
Everyone
what? Yeah. Uh huh.
Um I started doing prolific probably in like March just for like an extra thing to do because my lab uses it like well do surveys on here. So I was like, wait, I should try to get extra money too. So I've done like the better piece. I've done this survey before too. Like I've talked to one other person. Um Yeah, so that was interesting like the first time, so I had no idea what to expect and then I fine like I really want is awkward, but the other, it was like
kind of painting whatever.
I know it's like I'm kind of weird around strangers, but I feel like if anyone can just like, like most people should just be able to hold a conversation for 20 minutes. Yes.
Yeah, it's just so easy to find like, like you said, just you can relate to and everyone's going through it. Have you gone to any protests or anything like that?
I went to one because it was really local, like it's like five minutes from my house and they were really emphasizing how it was going to be useful and I trusted the people that were leading it so and that was fine. It was completely like peaceful and safe and I stayed away from everyone and we had masks on and all that, so that was nice. Was really empowering. But I haven't gone to any like big ones in the city or anything.
you've
been a great
Yeah, I don't under there's just been so many new stories and I'm this shit even real like it's very disheartening. I I don't know different people in my family feel differently about it and I'm trying to see everyone's like perspective but you know it's different when we're dealing with human rights and safety and I don't know it's just such a sensitive topic but I feel like both sides are so loud and so like set on their way. I don't know. I feel like not that we should compromise but like you would think that the people who are arguing that all lives matter and police lives matter and shit like that would just like to take a step back and not think about themselves for once if that makes sense, you know? Oh
And yeah.
and if
you see
the video of it and you're still like well you know, that's what happened.
look.
Yeah. And that's hard because you want the good people to stay in and try to make the change and then you have people that are like, well all the like if you're a cop who has good morals, you should quit your job. And I'm like what is that doing? You're just learning the bathrooms like have a bigger voice.
yeah. And I think the issue with like the media and stuff as people are focusing on these very like trivial changes, like changing it jemima or changing Uncle Ben's like those brands, like no one's asking for that. No one's mad about those like trivial things. No one was like asking you to rename things they want like laws and they want reform and you know policy want like these symbolic changes that don't really do anything to make things better because those kinds of changes are what make other people who don't really like get the movement be like, oh this is just getting ridiculous. They are asking for too much and you know no one, no one was really asking for that at least from what I've seen I meant so I don't know,
I agree.
Yeah, it's hard to know like what is the biggest driving force but as long as you're doing something I guess it's better than doing nothing. But at the same time like you said you can't you know expect to get things done unless you're actually like signing and crawling and doing everything you need to do so.
Yeah. And I don't, I can't even imagine like the issues with other countries that have like I don't know it's like third world countries like because this one is so crazy and we're supposed to be one of the better ones. Like I think I'm so much more sympathy for other people in general. Mhm.
And
Well yeah.
Okay. Yeah I agree. 100% wow. We've been we've got our 25 minutes and already thank you. Yeah I think we're good. Sure what?
You know it's nice talking to you too. I hope you have a good day.
I feel fine. I think I'm just being dramatic. Yeah.
well nice to meet you.
Bye.