Okay. Mm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Because yeah. Okay. Let's get a couple. Mm hmm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. I don't know. Really? Still here.
Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Who are you?
Mhm. But hi, my name is minute. Okay.
The night
you see where your son?
come from, boston.
My pleasure to go is.
Have
you, have you been like going out? Mhm.
Yeah.
I thought not to be right now, I feel
Um Pretty good. I've
been away for so long. I don't know why I like wake up so early now since like quarantining and like I'm not a morning person and like when I was working I was never woke up early so it's like weird to me that I have nothing to do and I love that like six.
I would like literally, I mean I have nothing to do with, I was, we tried so hard to find things to like busy night time up but not very successful.
I got a few years ago, so I was working, I lived in California and then I got laid off so I came home,
I didn't want to stay in California, it's okay.
It's kind of nice to be home and I see with my family for a bit because I lived at home since I graduated.
And have
on all
my classes.
Yeah. For sure. What do you study?
I said a finance and hospitality. Yeah, I was being financed out of the hotel a little bit of salt, but hotels are not going to bounce back anytime soon, so I'm thinking like I need to refocus honestly I'm okay with that. I think like right now certainly a hard time finding a job because there's like the recent grads, but I'm now looking and then like people who got laid out for looking like a big candidate for, I think seeing them a lot more competitive. Yeah,
that's okay. I feel like everything happens for a reason. So it's like 40.
I've been mostly staying home. Like I have hung out with some friends who are also like quarantining and not really doing anything. So like we're
going to hang out with my household at their house and he, so I don't get very close and like we usually try to stay outside, but otherwise like I, but I don't really like um here they started opening up like stopping and um
they have outdoor dining
and um
I don't know what else has opened up and I don't really want anywhere. Like is it worth it? Really? Yeah.
Mhm.
It's
crazy. I'm sure it's fully
reopened like it resumed all normalized. Yeah.
Like
they were the least um like shut down to begin with slightly for me. Um but they're reopening was still fast and they're fully reopened now. There's nothing that you can't do and you're not required to learn that in public 15
years. Yeah. So I don't know like what the
situation there is. Like if they have a lot of cases or not but I can't imagine how they put in with the way they're handling things. But at the same time I'm like if they had such a huge fight like they would have done something like that would have modified in some way. But third yeah. They're just doing their things
florida
part of nuts. Those people are crazy. Right?
Well it's also, I mean, I feel like, yeah, you can go to the beach and like you can like a relatively far from people that you're not like with, but it's like, I don't know, it's a very different kind. It's kind of apocalyptic that's going to public place, but when you're faced with some people going off, like
it's like, it's weird, like, I don't know if I don't want to, but I mean, I guess people are getting very like Sir Casey, which I get, but it's like, it's not like we're staying home just for fun, like for no reason. Like there's a purpose. Yeah.
What?
I feel like people are basically leaning like refunds on stuff, so right now.
Not
worth it.
Well,
as you mentioned, your friend got engaged, I feel like so many people have gotten engaged before you pain and I'm like, Mhm. Talk to you guys for this proving that you guys can make it like that you guys are like, I don't wanna go for it because I feel like so many people have broken out. Like it's a field cut for relationships right now.
Stop
breaking
off. And you know the lady?
So
like both things are happening. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. Like my friend was telling me that he moved into his girlfriend like three months ago and I'm like, but a really bad time when you learn with someone because you literally move in and then you're spending every waking moment with them. There's open for teachers because you've got the first group of people who got laid off or like staying home was like a lot of faith time. If you guys really like each other, you will be good
if you don't, you don't know
like now you'll find out.
No. Are you?
Hello?
Yeah. I don't know like, I mean I really fast way to find out if it's the right relationship or not like I don't know if I want to do it.
I have a lot of my friends are like really like feeling like allow I really need a boyfriend now. They're like going so hard on like the dating app and I'm like this is like a really weird time to do that because it's like everyone was so socially isolated that like everyone so needy. I'm like hi this system of goodbye. Like it's a really weird time to look for a relationship but
it's like he's ever gonna have more three times a day.
Really never flagged. I don't know if people are in the right frame of mind to be but
my friends are just like going on days but it's like meeting up like hanging out of parts and I'm like that's the right place work for you and you do it. But I don't know how many like how many times I'd be cool like meeting up with a stranger at apart during the pan down there. Mhm. Yeah.
I also just like every time I've gone out like that go look okay, drives with my sister or something and like it really sucks not being able to find restrooms anywhere.
I can't I can't do it. I don't know why anyone wants to be out for an extended period of time because like literally if you have to go to the bathroom, like probably not going to find one. Yeah.
Uh It's annoying but I mean
I don't get so like like restaurants that are open like doing take out like
so when you use the restaurant because I don't know and I feel like it even if like someone like not hygienic or like maybe it's infected and using the restroom as long as you're not like girls making sure you don't touch anything like you'll be okay. I don't but I get also like that they go out one man power. It has like clean like I think that's the pain that happens like every hour if they're open that's like a lot more manny for cleaning will disclose it.
I
think, I think it was a dentist here open. I don't know if vary by state, but my mom had a dentist appointment like a couple days ago for a regular screening. Yeah.
And you know it sounds like it's gonna take forever to get it rescheduled like because
everyone's in your dream scheduling right?
And
like epidemic like they can do like a very thorough cleaning of the room during in between education and like the dead, this can be like well equipped with PPE and like should be fun. You know like it's because they're sanitizing anyways. It's not like this is like a lot of this isn't gonna be additional cleaning like defeat more thoroughly and like always so are handled himself like okay that's new. But like the cleaning of the tool, the tool should have been sanitized the same way that they would be now because
top
I know it's the same thing with weddings like all the people who at the cancel their weddings. like I know some people are just like forget it or like I'll just like do my doom wedding or whatever. But like all the people who are wanting to read book their weddings, these venues are going to be still overwhelmed. There was not going to be the time for people who are planning 2021 weddings and the people who are spending 2020 weddings plus whoever like this wasn't planning their wedding, it like all fit them in next year. Like whenever things start to open again because like that's also very destructive and it's like not going to be like it, it's too much people that are going to have a need now that they're not going to be able to meet. They're not able to make the lawyers
wonder if we're close to getting a vaccine and honestly, and then usually that can take years to develop. But I don't know what the whole world is working on this right now
because I was like, I mean developing it but then they have to do with all the test indian child particularly with some more time since ending part. But I don't even think about that now. But I don't have any like I think that they were like in like stage three of one vaccine behind them. Don't you never hear about it on the news or I don't really talk about it. But you just randomly see an article. Well like I talked to a guy like friends or nurses or like pharmacists and like they're more important, you know? So like tell me stuff and I'm like, oh okay. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. And the
crazy.
Have you like done these like survey things before? Okay.
No,
I feel like why would you sign up for this if you're like not like, I mean I think like right now like honestly at my social skills are like not what they used to be because I don't talk to people anymore, but like literally speaking if you're like socially, like why would you send up?
right now. It's like you just like you just talk about quarantine and fly. It's just everyone, you know like maybe in normal circumstances, like you don't know what you can relate to bring some stranger on like everyone's going through this. So which is already at the point of this, I feel disappointed this experiment. I kind of feel like how many people are going to use quarantine is like their thoughts put up a topic of conversation.
No. Have you?
I like really? I can't okay, I can't believe that like with what's going on and like how much people are talking about it, that like it almost seems like police misbehaviour is like happening more and I just don't get it because I feel like it, if this is I feel public and it's such a look at the top of conversations on the forefront as much as it is, like it's like they'd be on their best behavior, felt
like
it's not like I like actually getting worse and if they're being like more audacious about it, bizarre to me.
I just feel like I just don't get how people
can be ignorant to like the reality of what's happening life. Like I I don't know how you gonna deny that like you're literally doing a story about someone who died. Look for no reason it takes I just
did
it.
like the old man that like they just shoved and then he started bleeding from his head and then they all like 57 officers were dying like in response like yeah how why? But at the same time like I've been reading things about like officers who have tried to like um see whistleblowers are like stand up for what's right and then they get totally blackballed and they get like forced out of their jobs and they get like targeted at work. And so it's like you really
can't win. So it's like effect the system that the environment that they operated even if there are police, which part there are like they can't effectively make change because even like like this one of those things like kept escalating and escalating and escalating what happened and every level he took it to the same response. They were like you're wrong and he got reprimanded and like splendid like singles out looks like if that's the system that's how it is and like really can't make a difference.
The green, what is letting me like you either put your job or you stay silent simple then you're not making a difference there either and you like it needs to be reworked just there has to be a better way but it has to start from the top like it's not there.
But also kind of like, I think that could protests are effective in raising awareness and getting attention affection for the cause.
But I don't think that the protests are necessarily what like getting the changes that have been made. Like, like the policy changes that have happened on like a small scale. I think that's like the petition and the letters and the people who are like reaching out to people in politics, in their districts and like that. I think that's what like pushing it, but I guess that wouldn't really be happening as much as if there wasn't that traction and attention that they're getting at the protest.
It's just sad that the people who are like going out and protesting are like putting themselves in like so much harm's way could do it because they're getting on to act like it. Mhm. It's just crazy. Like I can't imagine what like the rest of the world is thinking being like how what's the behavior of our government and our police? I can't imagine this is the most unstable country ever.
I just think like, imagine like the country was taken training europe, like where were so comfortable like in terms of like the standards and like how we operate and like
barbaric, what's happening here is literally it's like comparable to a third world country, but it's so it's supposed to be so involved. So it's like, I don't know how, I think it's really interesting how foreign affairs will be affected by this because it's like, you really can't be
country with the way things happen here and that looks so public.
Okay. Well, it was nice talking to you,
you to feel better. Yeah.
All right.
What you do?