Yeah Okay yeah just a second. Uh huh. Yeah Okay it's yeah yeah.
Uh huh. Mhm.
Okay.
Mhm.
Can you hear me?
my videos frozen. Mhm Mhm Let's see.
No not okay very cool let's see let me try this
Okay how's this here
frozen still? Yeah and now
now it's fine. Okay sitting at this work Okay
you can hear me but you can't see me mm
can't be perfect. All I thought you a second ago. Mhm Let's see can you see me at all? Mhm.
Mhm. Okay I'm gonna refresh it real quick. Yeah
but yeah can you hear me? Okay cool so we're supposed to talk I think mhm.
This is the first time so I like came across a study about a week ago and it said that uh I guess they're studying the dynamics of conversation so they want us to talk for 25 minutes. I don't think that there's any particular topic or anything it's just just
go pretty much. Okay.
Oh yeah, most definitely. Where you calling from,
Chicago? Okay. Very cool. Yeah, so I'm down here in florida. Yeah. Yeah.
So
amy burnouts media, I'm theo
um how long have you been doing studies on this prolific site for?
sure. I mean, I totally agree with you there. Like uh do you feel like there was, I guess significantly more compensation back in March before all this? Really?
No, I mean like I feel like you're you're kind of in the in the right with it and uh no, I just recently started doing it, so I didn't even see, you know, hardly any of the good studies. So for me it was like if I see a study that's over a dollar, I'm like wow, that's a lot of money for. Uh
This
is
Oh, for sure. Yeah. And it's like uh there is, you know, I think that would actually be an interesting study and I think there probably is some data, definitely some data available on some of these other sites like, you know, mechanical turk and whatnot that they can see. You know, even when they're offering four cents for a study that can take like 20 minutes to do somebody out there is clicking the button. People
are
doing it even though it's far below any minimum wage, definitely not any living wage that someone can really support those with. Um Yeah, but I do actually think out of all, I'm like kind of just you know, I had like a lot of three times and not free time on my hands. So I kind of looked at, you know, the different sites are available. I do think prolific at least has like the more I guess uh one interesting studies and two studies you actually participated in them. You feel like you're, you know, contributing to some actual useful body of knowledge. You know, you're not just like, you know, answering questions about your cell phone plan or something, so
Well,
But
it,
for
And you know, unfortunate thing about that, I think that the odds of there being another event like this in the next 10 years are unfortunately kind of high. So, you know, hopefully the world learns something about it, you know, in a positive way in order to respond to it more adequately the next time around. You know, hopefully like individuals to will be able, will be in a more I guess advantageous spot the next time it kind of comes around.
Well for sure. Yeah, it was like, I really
feel for the people who have been like these industries like hospitality that are just like totally still
operated upended and you know, there's no real telling whether, you know, when operations are going to come back, whether their, you know, their job is even going to exist in the future because demand has shifted in such a weird way, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. Well, I mean what's the, what's it like one out of every five small businesses like close permanently, I mean it's huge number, you know, and of those that haven't, I'm sure they're like many more they're on the brink. So you know, it's at least comforting to hear stories about that where some, some businesses are able to find a way to make it work. Um Yeah, how much is how much of Chicago has reopened or like kind of gotten back to a sense of normalcy?
Well
it's like
Well I guess I think about that one winter grand, it was probably several years ago now by this point, but like I flew over Chicago and it
looked like Russia. It was one of those crazy ones, like below zero for, you know, over a month. Yeah.
But
Is that right? Uh
I imagine it probably gets pretty warm during the summer as well, so.
Yeah,
still remaining. Uh huh.
That's this here. Yeah, yeah,
so florida is the, you know the wildcard state um and a lot of, you know, it's like the so governor de santas, like I think about like three weeks ago or so pretty much lifted all restrictions on every business and you know, he's basically the new law state that you know, business cannot uh I guess penalize any customers who are refusing to wear masks or take any measures. You know, I think it's within the businesses right to refuse people, but at the same time people cannot be reprimanded for not following any type of, you know, distancing or anything. Um It's
so you know, okay, so I mean I'm actually er doctor myself so um I like you know have very very mixed feelings about, you know, I think a lot of it it's a kind of a public health disaster um the way everything's kind of been handled um and it's wild because you will walk by, you know, some bars and restaurants and it's like there isn't a pandemic doesn't even exist because there are literally zero uh social distancing measures or you know, there's no mass policy in effect. And, you know, from a public health standpoint, you know, it's I think it's it's pretty uh like uh ingredients what they're, what they're condoning. But I kind of get it from an economic standpoint because we so much of our state budget relies on tourism, that if if we were to really do the morally right thing and have just a hard lockdown. I think that like the state could very well declare bankruptcy. Um Yeah, it's so much of our economy relies on tourism. So it's weird. It's like I can get the financial imperative to kind of like sweep it under the rug and say, all right, anybody who wants to, you know, accept the risk is allowed to accept the risk because that's what America is all about, Right. Um I don't know, I feel very, very conflicted about it. Um Yeah.
I
think so too. Probably.
Mhm.
Yeah. Which I mean that's when all the dust settles. I mean that's really going to be the important thing looking back is, you know, how much of that, you know, damage you could have really prevented. I think that, you know, states like Chicago states like new york and California are doing a much better down but of doing that. I mean our numbers in florida been terrible for the last year, both in terms of like raw cases, hospitalizations, deaths, it's just actually awful. Um So yeah, it's weird living through history, you know?
Yeah. Stay tuned.
And you all had some pretty intense protesting to in Chicago, didn't you? Like from, I like reading some news articles and I remember seeing Chicago is like one of the city that sustained a lot of like I guess damage
from the protest and why not?
Oh yeah, I've seen it.
I've
visited
Chicago.
Oh really? The kind of their own special kind of quarantine of that. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I hope so.
This
Yeah. Yeah, I totally agree with that. Yeah, it's yeah, we were we were fortunate to have, you know, not as much destruction from that. We still saw a little bit of the protests, but it's nothing like nothing like those cities like Chicago or man, even like, like Portland, you know, had seen and yeah, what was also kind of interesting is that I felt like there wasn't any clear end point to it. It all kind of just died down, like not really, maybe in a a systematic way, it just, you know, you just didn't really hear about as much and then there were cities like Portland that we're still continually making news, but you just didn't see it as much, you know, in your own, in your own city. I don't know that they actually found any route true resolution that yeah, Good. Mhm.
I don't care about that.
Right. Yeah. Yeah. And as such, if you have, you know that many more peaceful protests, you're probably not going to have as many headlines about it because that's uh doesn't sell as much as more than sensational things you might see. Um Yeah. Um man, so, you know, hopefully things continue on the better trajectory going into the winter because I think between between the election between between that and potential increase in cases with like flu season and whatnot get uh potentially a lot worse. Hope not. But
yeah, I'm working in emergency department and things are not nearly as crazy as they were, you know, back in the mid to early spring when we were just really starting to get ready for like a vamp up in cases. Um But I mean everyone is kind of anticipating that like because flu season is already like really busy time for uh any like emergency department in hospital, just like so many old people come down with the flu part. But this is like, yeah we're expecting this to be like really bad you know? Uh uh The good thing is that we at least have much more equipment like in P. P. E. At our disposal. So I think that there's less of like a fear factor from that respect you know uh when all this like stuff originally broke out, you know the hospital have enough n 95 masks to like give each of like the docks. So we were having to kind of like scrounge up our own from like we had to buy online or you know.
like I got like my mask from like a paint store and it was like people 100. I wore that thing for two months.
Nothing.
Yeah. It's weird because like you don't know who to really point a finger at. Um You know, I think on a very broad level, like you can make the argument that we should have known about this earlier. We had a lot of information earlier from our, you know, task force we have in china, but like it's weird in the moment when, you know, the hospital tells you that, hey, we don't have enough masks for everyone. So our policy is going to be this and it's not, we're not basing our policy on science or what's like really, you know, effective for preventing disease. But we're going to base our policies on, you know, what is going to seem the most fair for everyone and that's that just created a lot of strife I think amongst something because I mean you would read stories about like some people getting fired in some hospital systems because they refuse to wear like the inferior mask that the hospitals were handing out because that's all the hospitals were able to give out. Um
luckily we don't have any real problems like that in my system.
Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I mean we I think the craziest part was just like you just you don't know that early on, like none of us really had a good idea of what to expect and we didn't get hit nearly as hard as like new york did. Um So I can say that it was a lot of it was like uh you know, we spent 1 to 2 months getting real ramped up and ready and we're like okay, opened the doors, let's have the flood come in and we actually had the opposite, we had a huge drop in the number of patients that came to the er that was the weirdest thing,
like.
a lot a lot, like, I think you probably like, look at the excess number of deaths um that occurred this year and just like all cause deaths compared to a regular year, and you can look at that number and it's probably honestly, it's probably as much, if not more than the number of people that died from Covid. We had a lot of people who are just like, you know, I'm having heart attacks or strokes um and you know, we would get, you know, just a ballpark numbers, say we get like 40 a week of either those that come in the er all sudden we're only seeing like five a week, it's like, okay, where are these other 35 people, they're still out there? You know, they suddenly become healthy. Um So I think that's really like a really unfortunate outcome from all this, is that there is there is probably a higher, higher rate of casualties from those. Um Yeah.
Yeah.
crazy times up and with all and with all the free time of having, you know, through patient volumes, you're shifts a month. I'm spending my time, you know, check out, you know, just just discovering new things to do and this is one of those things and I think I like I started doing like a couple different survey sites and now I'm just down to like two and this is one of them because prolific actually is, you know, pretty interesting. Yeah.
Oh yeah, Thanks. Yeah, I mean uh
I
do appreciate that. Um And at the same time, I I also feel for anyone who's in a frontline job who doesn't have as much like support as someone in my field does. You know, the people who are like working in offices and they're forced to come into work there still first to work on
site,
right? And they don't have like anywhere near the amount of protective equipment. You know? It's like I'm wearing goggles, I'm wearing like a facial, you know, people in public, they're just wearing this, this cloth masks. That's all they get. You know? So I, I feel for them as well. Um, but all in all, yeah, this is something that's like, I feel like everybody is going to have the wrong story coming out of this like 50 years later and how they were hit by this. Uh huh. So
the people who are doing this study, who are recording this study, you said you've done four of these before. So what, what exactly are they studying?
And it's, and that's, and that's another thing. It's like, I feel like that helps really justify even how little money it actually makes because if it's like all right, if you, if you find anything that's, you know, semi am retaining and instead of costing you money, it's actually making money like, hey, that's not good. I'll
do that on a random random afternoon. So does this
think automatically
time
out?
Very cool. All
Good
stuff.
All right. Well, it was a pleasure talking to you best we walk
up
there in Chicago. Yeah,
I appreciate it. All right.