Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Mhm, mhm. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yes, I can, yeah, but your video is frozen,
Yeah, no it's not.
Yeah, Are you on your phone? Okay. Because you're like 90 degrees
chosen,
it's fine.
and now you're frozen, but I can hear you.
well I can hear you but your video is really slow. It's my video slow.
No, it's like a shape of a person on a black screen, a silhouette.
Uh huh,
Have you done this before?
now,
I've done this a couple of times um through prolific. So I mean I talked to someone in like Virginia, I talked to someone in new Mexico. It's kind of interesting
Chicago.
Yeah,
so I'm amy
nice to meet you as well.
Actually not that long distance covid, because I am like, I'm a designer, graphic designer. So I'm on my computer most of the day and since I was stuck at home, we had like a complete shutdown in March in Illinois. And actually a lot of people with jobs, like mine are still working from home even though our cities kind of opened back up again. Um But yeah, I joined it then just as like a way to waste some time on the computer, I guess and make some extra money, even though that's like, I don't know, I feel like I joined it in March and the money I've made on prolific since then isn't really like, it's like pocket change, but it's still, I feel some of the studies are kind of interesting actually. It's more about that than like, you know, actually making money from it because it's not a money making machine that's for sure.
Yeah, I felt like, and I, you know, I don't really do studies very often. This is the first um site that I joined and I know there are others like the one on amazon and stuff, but I um you know the first set of studies I did in March and april I felt like they were, you know $57 apiece, you know, but kind of in depth and interesting and then I did these studies like what we're doing right now, I think this is the fourth one I've done and you know, that's like, I think like 15 or something like that and it just seems like it's a richer experience. But I feel like some of the studies that pop up now are like it's 12 cents for three questions and it ends up being like five minutes long or something, I'm like this is such a waste of time and I have my own business and I'm like what am I doing? You know? So but sorry, studied people, you know? Yeah.
what is that? Like, how I feel like that's a study in and of
itself,
like why am I compelled to click the button when it's for a dollar? Like it's just so, I mean, I know it's academic studies and we're in this really crazy period of time, you know, with this covid pandemic and the economy and stuff, so, But yeah, it's just all very interesting,
And writing
it
Right. I feel that way too. I mean, or their studies where you have to like solve a bunch of math problems or do anagrams and I'm like, oh, this is great brain training, you know, and I just like enjoy it for that aspect. Or I have to write, you know, write 500 words about an experience. You know, it can be any variety of experiences, but I feel like, you know, it can help me in some way and and then
I in turn am helping this academic researcher. So I feel like I mean I definitely was doing it more in like like april through june and I'm doing it less now because my actually my work, my design projects picks back up thank goodness because I had a lot of I'm self employed and new graphic design.
So
I designed a lot of like books and magazines and um but therefore the medical community and while I was busy doing covid related stuff right? When when that all came about um like in june I had in july everything was paused because people were like reassessing their budgets and was like freaking out because um I didn't go for a pee pee pee loan or anything like that because I thought oh my business is fine and luckily thankfully now things are getting busy again. So I was but
it's definitely this whole experience has taught me, you know just about planning more for this, planning more for pandemic, you know, or just crazy things that might happen in the world, I don't know.
we're prepared. Yeah.
And
So
well in Chicago, I mean I just see and I live on the north side of the city and there are so many small businesses that have gone under and you know some of my friends that actually have restaurant businesses, you know, one is doing really well but they're the people that actually um started doing um like meal kits that they would sell to people curbside and they started doing a lot of outreach to feed like first responders. And they garnered all these new followers, I guess for their restaurant and now they're doing really well, but they was like paying it forward, you know, they, when they had to shut down, they used all their extra food to like, you know, help hospital staff and then um, you know, the tribune, Chicago, tribune did a story on them. It was crazy how it just snowballed and they're actually doing well. And I um I mean they're like a an exception to what's happened to so many restaurants in my city. I mean some of like the really um just kind of staples of Chicago food scene have closed. It's crazy.
Well it's, we opened up our, the last thing to open back up, you know, with restrictions as far as crowd size and everything was the like movie theaters and theaters, like music venues. And um, they're only open at like I think 25% capacity or something like that. And then restaurants have limitations on how many people can be
there at once, you know, social distance. But they are finding all these ways to do outdoor seating for the cold weather because now you know autumn is going to turn to winter pretty soon and it'll be really cold here. So
they're people are doing like, well it's not that crazy, but people have this view of Chicago, like it's a tundra, it's not like that, maybe like three days out of the winter, it's really awful but
bad.
Yeah, it's unfortunately I think, and I don't know if this is due to global warming or just natural weather patterns, I have no idea. But um like last year Lake Michigan, which is the big lake that Chicago sits on didn't freeze at all. And you know in the past there will be like big icebergs and things, you know from all the ice on the lake, along our beaches. And I feel like the last couple of years we haven't had we've had really
mild winters and I'm from the midwest originally from michigan, so I'm used to like making igloos and you know having so much snow and it's very weird, you know like the weather's it's getting we're getting a lot more rain here and it's not getting a cold but like Kentucky probably or something like that,
I don't know, it's like
this summer we had the hottest summer on record, but I do urban agriculture um like an urban garden farm project, like just as a volunteer thing and we had so many hot days in a row that I mean our peppers and tomatoes and eggplant, like everything was bombastic this summer because it was just a big stretch of hot weather and we had rain, like a lot of rain and he, so everything was growing like crazy. So that was awesome. But
it was hot.
I look at it that way because we give our produce away, like especially during Covid, we've been giving it away to people and we had so much to give. It was great. Yeah.
So what's happening in florida?
So how do you feel about that?
It's tough. I mean here culturally like I can say in Chicago people are on board was wearing masks for the most part and we even wear masks outside. I mean this is the third largest city in the United States, right? So when I take a walk, I'm going to pass like 50 50 to 100 people every couple of blocks. So it's um like I don't wear a mask riding my bike, but people are generally, some people are running wearing masks I guess. I feel like that's a little overboard, but
everybody's,
everybody's really on board with masking up to go in and you have to, there's a mandate that says you have to wear a mask when you go into like a grocery store or any sort of business and it's mandated by the governor, so it's, you can get fined or you know, the store can get fined if they're not um following those guidelines, so it's pretty strict, um
but we have democratic everything here, so it's, they feared on that side of things, you know, and I mean there's it's crazy the economic impact. Um I mean it's, I wouldn't be surprised if Chicago claimed bankruptcy, like I don't, I don't think it's that bad, but so many things have closed down. It's really sad. So I don't know that I support the fact that the lockdown was so severe here, even though our covid case count for being the third largest city is now pretty manageable. You know, like our hospitals never became overwhelmed. So, and that I think lives were saved for sure.
definitely, definitely. It's, you know, we try to find silver linings about everything that's going on, especially in our country right now. And it's, I mean where we'll be in a year from now, it will be really interesting because if you asked me a year ago if this could be possible, I never would have guessed it. You know, just the stated status of everything, you know, is our government to cope it. Yeah. So we'll see.
Stay tuned. Exactly. Yeah.
Looting and damage.
We had, it was after the murder of George Floyd and May that you know all that protesting happened and here we had two instances where there was like looting and rioting and it was in our loop, which is like the downtown area. Um, it's the hub of all the tourism and I mean stores like Macy's and Sex with Avenue and you know, product like all of these Tiffany's were all like broken into, it was insane. And um, you know that Chicago has a river that goes through the middle of it. So there are drawbridges
and
they
lifted
all the bridges to kind of like barricade off downtime.
But it's been pretty peaceful the last few months and hopefully it will stay that way. But
yeah, it's pretty scary for everybody. You know, it's, it's very sad and there's nobody here that will tell you it's okay to do that. You know, it's people are very upset about it and communities because even some of the looting happened and some of the, you know, neighborhoods where people just started breaking into
mom and pop businesses and that was like devastating, you know?
I don't, I have like friends in Portland and my family's in Seattle Washington and it's, I think it has everything to do with, you know, the people that live there and I love the pacific northwest and have spent a ton of time out there. But there are a lot more, just like in michigan, I'm originally from michigan, there are people that are these like, I don't even think they're on the political spectrum there, it's like anarchists, Are they right wing or left wing anarchists? I don't know. But there these people that just want chaos and it's what happened with the governor of Michigan recently, there was this plot to kidnap her and
and then in Portland, you know, the people that are setting fires everywhere aren't like the Black Lives Matter protestors asking for racial justice. It's like the anarchists, weirdos, you know, I mean, I don't know, I know people that are anarchists, but it's I don't support violence, you know, on any level, but there's this lake angsty kind of feeling out there. I mean, I think this is here too, but not it's not like um, I don't know. I think it's just a much bigger city here, so it's kind of there are more people that believe in peace that believe in chaos.
Yeah. So, I mean, are you working in a hospital right now or,
That's insane. Yeah.
That's what, that's what I had to um I have these like respirator masks that I had for like doing painting and wood work stuff and when they couldn't get masks anywhere, I did the same thing, like maybe hyperventilate doesn't really intense, but I mean as a doctor, that's insane that that
you didn't have equipment.
Mhm.
That's good.
I
bet. And I wonder like how many people were affected by the fact that they didn't seek medical attention because of the fear of catching covid, you know?
Yeah. Yeah.
Well um Yeah.
I wish you the best. I mean, thank you for being out there was in the midst of this. I mean
I feel like in my bubble you know because I work from home anyway and I'm a computer nerd. So I feel like I haven't really been risking my own personal safety very much. But for everyone like you who are out there helping people.
Good job.
grocery
stores.
Yeah.
Okay. Well I think it's just like dynamics of conversations and I think like once we're done with this at least in the past, uh you have to answer maybe like a few minutes of questions about how you feel and like how the conversation was and that kind of stuff. But um I don't know like it will there's a like a summary, so to speak at the end of the survey that describes more about what the studies about. I didn't go beyond like just reading that it was about studying dynamics of conversations. I should read that. I will do that today. Mm and for the dentist multiple times. But anyway, I just find it interesting in terms of like meeting other people then I'm doing this, you know?
No.
All
Yeah, I think.
No,
no. We can go. There's a timer. We've actually been talking for quite a while.
We're over the over the limit. So yeah,
we
can sign off.
Hi
guys.
Thank you. Good luck to you as well. Hang in there.