Okay. What? Oh yeah oh
hello
I'm doing well how are you?
that's fine I'm just sitting here at the kitchen table which is my office and
everything
these days.
I'm in Seattle.
Yeah. Yeah. About you.
Well it's probably cold. There
is today.
Yeah mm.
Yeah I grew up in Nebraska and I know all about the crazy temperature swings that can happen there but out here it's a little more steady who
it can. Yeah we had we had a freeze last weekend which is a little bit unusual to have our first freeze that early.
any snow yet?
mm. Yeah we haven't had any snow in Seattle obviously there's there's lots of snow it's snowing right now up in the mountains. Um My parents have had snow in Nebraska. My sister and brother in law had snow in Kansas City. So yeah.
No
it's
it's no it's cleaned up. Yeah we had we had a bunch of protests after the George Floyd death. Um And there was a there was a section of town where um a lot of people had put up um tents and things and kind of occupied. Um But they've all since gone home I guess, I can't remember. That's been it's like it's november so that was probably
been a while, I can't even august july, I mean it's been a while since they've clean all that up. Um There have been
random little protests here and there since then, but nothing on the same scale. Mm.
Yeah it's I live about a mile from all where all of that happened but you would never you would never know it, you know where I'm at. It's it feels like and uh it feels like it's across town or another another county even because um just the way the neighborhoods are, the neighborhood I'm in is so vastly different from that one specific part of town that yeah, it feels, Yeah. Yeah,
There's still a lot of places that have, especially in downtown and have their windows boarded up. And I think most of that's possibly just because stores are closed, restaurants are closed, you know, mostly because of Covid and so they put them all up and they're like in the event that anybody decides they want to do anything, let's, we're just gonna leave them because, you know, we're not open all the time or there aren't as many people around. Um, it's a little, it's a little sad to walk around and see all that. But um, at the same time I kind of understand why they're just like born things up at a abundance of caution. Let's just leave it there until maybe things get back to normal.
There are a lot of places that are closed for indoors um It will take out. Yeah, so they have windows and things boarded up that way. Yeah.
fortunately the city of almost a million people, there are a few bad apples out there.
You're not.
Yeah, I've seen that on the news that um they've undone things that the governor wanted to do. Yeah,
that was one of the that was one of the big campaign things out here is, you know, our governor back in the middle of March. I think Washington is one of the very one of the first states to kind of go on lockdown and mandating masks and things. And that was a big campaign thing from his opponents and things like if he had it his way we bear word masks for the rest of our lives and all this stuff. And
I would, I would rather at this point survive. I'd like to get back to normal. So I, I've made the kind of the decision that, you know, if I have to wear a mask to go to the grocery store to whatever, if it means that I'm not going to get sick, people around me are going to get sick and we can maybe get over the sooner I'd rather just do it. But unfortunately, there are a lot of people even out here who don't share that same sentiment. Oh,
have you, have you lived in Green Bay all your life or?
Well,
mm hmm. No, so I grew up in Nebraska, I went to college in Kansas, lived in Kansas city for almost 11 years and moved out to Seattle for a tech job. So I've been here for uh, just a little over two years.
Yes. Yes it is uh it's quickly becoming Silicon Valley North, almost almost rivalling, you know what's in California? Yeah, I'm still here, you hear me? No. Shoot what?
I can see. Yeah.
So yeah this is becoming like tech central um you know obviously Microsoft is here, amazon is here google and facebook and all kinds of other, you know Silicon Valley companies are have offices or adding more people here um which is good but it's also bad for the housing market is just insane. Uh I'm currently in the process of looking at houses and you know we're talking $700,000 for 1200 square feet but that's the going rate. So
it's it's a little insane.
Oh I'm sure it would be plenty. Yeah.
Yeah. 700,000 and other parts of the country. Well back in Kansas City, I mean the house I I own there, you know was when I sold it it was sold for 300,000 and it was a huge, You know 700. There was by me Morehouse and more land than I could probably ever use. Oh yes.
What did you uh did you study in college,
Well that's terrible. I'm so sorry, is it a rare thing?
Gosh.
Well. Oh boy,
What? Oh
if that do they?
But
So
that's terrible.
You
know?
Yeah, I sort of do that too. I mean I sit here at my kitchen table and I work and I have prolific on another monitor and make it makes noises from time to time. And I do a little surveys and things and In the figure, you know, if I can make an extra $50 a month, that's, well, that's, that's a couple of, you know, take out meals if I'm not feeling that cooking so. Yeah.
Yeah. What type of engineering did you do?
Boy.
Yeah. All of, I mean I have an engineering degree to so and all my friends, of course, I'm on the computer side. So, um, but I have a bunch of college friends who are mechanicals
and symbols and they did all the cat and all that type of stuff and they still use it because they build it will roads and water treatment plants and our power plants and things. So. Mm.
Because yeah.
Okay.
Yeah. no there it's one thing to design the way you know the clothes look but there's another one coming like the fabrics and yeah
yeah. Cool.
yeah I I don't know anything about that disease. I don't think I've ever heard of it.
Uh huh.
it could be
so other hobbies that you have so you do prolific. You do. Is there anything else that yeah by your time with?
I haven't no.
all right well part of the reason for moving out here to Seattle was to go hiking and camping and things like that.
Um But I mean that's usually just a summer thing um yeah when it gets rainy and cold um I like to read a lot. Uh huh.
I don't Seattle's a really walkable place so even if and so Seattle has a reputation for being rainy right? People think um sleepless in Seattle where it's just pouring rain, pouring rain. It's very much quite the opposite. It's it's rainy but it's it's more like a heavy mist type of you know so even if it's if it's quote unquote raining you can put your raincoat on and you can go out you can walk around uh enjoy the city lights, the sounds and everything and you don't have to be cooped up. I mean I remember moving out here when I was looking at a Kansas city gets more liquid rainfall in the rain gauge every year than Seattle does. Um It just out here it comes it's a it's a much finer longer prolonged type period where it can rain. But oh so um if you're if times when you're getting really kind of tired of the grey or whatever um the roads are okay you can we can go um east over the over the past over to eastern Washington which is dry and sunshine. Uh Even you know in the in the wintertime it's still cold but most all the clouds and all the moisture kind of stopped the cascades. It can't make it over the mountains and so eastern Washington's dry and sunny and can go over there and you can drink wine because their wineries everywhere. Um I watch you know I watch tv from time to time I don't I don't watch a lot of it. Um But um I have a couple meet up groups on the part of that we meet now now virtually for various things. Um
So.
Okay.
Okay
well you're familiar with things out here somewhere? Yeah wow.
See sure
I went to mount ST Helens um last summer and it was so cool, it was really cool. I took my daughter with and she's she loves volcanoes for some reason she got hooked on volcanoes. Um We got this cd from the library when she was about Maybe two or 3, just a bunch of silly kids songs and they had a song on there that it was written about Mount ST Helens and everything and from that time she has just been hooked on volcanoes and things and so you know they're not ST Helens, there's Mount rainier and then there's Mount baker and all the other volcanoes out here. Um She had the greatest time um when the clouds finally burned off and the mountain appeared and she kind of like whoa because you know it was, there's a volcano there somewhere, not quite aware and then they burned off and suddenly you can just see the scale of how big it was, but also how big the scar that is still there from when it when it when it blew up. So she had a great time.
She's seven.
I know, yeah, second grade and full of energy. She loves gymnastics and um like I said, volcano, she likes riding her bike and being outside, so yeah,
no, they're mostly virtual. Yeah.
Probably.
Right. Right. Yeah, I feel sorry for her and basically anybody who's still in school and even in college, you know, they're not getting the same experience is the same everything that we had and I hope, I hope it's not going to hold him back or anything or be detrimental, but you know, I I can't imagine that learning, trying to learn over zoom and stuff is really has the same effect as when, you know, you're in the classroom. Yeah,
working over zoom doesn't have the same effect as
being in personal with your co workers, so
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, No, I know, I have to have a friend who lives in Wichita um he's a civil engineer and you know, all the tools, all the cad tools and everything is like, we don't have laptops to take home, like all you tech people. So they've had to do kind of a rotation where people are in the office certain days and other days people have loaner laptops or they can at least do email and use a few of the tools and things. And then like he, like he said, it's it's just a nightmare. Uh
so
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. He works for a smaller company, you know, he said that, you know, they try to save where they can, oh that may be part of it. But yeah, like he said it's it's frustrating because some days you're like I could I just need to open this cad file for minutes and I don't have it, but I can't go into the office because it's not my day. Oh um
Yeah. So at least at least they're all still getting paid their normal, but even even them, you know, and yet I've been working, you know the pros and cons are working for a tech company is that we have all this cool video conferencing stuff, but it means that, you know when it came time they were like, no, everybody go home. So I mean I've been working from home here since the middle of March, getting a little stir crazy at times.
You have
you had it?
Mhm. Uh No I went and I donated blood two weeks ago and everybody who donates blood now they run the antibody tests and everything and I got the letter last week that said I didn't I came back negative so
I had I didn't I didn't know what I was saying. I was I was hopeful I guess that I hadn't had it without knowing it and given it to other people. That's I mean that's frankly my my biggest fear is because you know heaven forbid I go out and get it and not have any idea and then give it to other people and then they get sick and maybe really sick. So um I was glad when it came back negative.
No,
no, it wouldn't. Um Yeah, I know they're doing that because obviously anybody who does have it who has had it, they wanted to come in and do a plasma donation love. I don't know how I would do with plasma. I do I can I can stand the giving blood. I don't like needles and things, but but I do it because I know it helps save lives. Um and thankfully my my veins and stuff are big enough and the flow as well that in about five minutes flat I can be done and then go get my and then go get my sweets and everything have replaced my blood sugar. But um, I don't know how I do with the plasma. I have a friend who like to donate platelets and you know, she goes and sits there for 2.5 hours hooked up to that machine. It takes it out and it filters things that sends it back and I'm like, I don't think I could do that.
No.
women.
Oh you might not. Yeah, I know that's one of the that's one of the many screener questions I ask every time. Have you you've been to certain countries, have you been here to blah blah blah? Have you given up received a blood transfusion? Have you had gotten a tattoo, Blah, blah? You know, So.
No.
Yeah, me too. Two.
There's always a chance tomorrow. Right?
So
yeah, I I was talking with a coworker today and I I don't I don't use social media, I'm not on facebook or twitter anything. Um So I don't get all kinds of updates from former high school, you know, classmates whenever. And I was like, I was telling him like, I don't actually know anybody in my immediate social circle or even my extended family has had it. He's like, what? You don't know anybody. I said no, he said, oh, I know all kinds of people. So
I, maybe I'm living in too much of a bubble. I don't
know.
That could, that could be true as well,
but
can
meet,
it could be, maybe it's not me. It's him. Oh boy.
Then everybody will have it. So
we had,
Yeah, we had another 1500 cases statewide yesterday, which is the highest we've ever had. It's just off the charts at this point.
We have, It's right. About seven million.
What?
Oh wow, that's
not good.
That's,
that's a lot. Yeah.
Oh
Mhm
Have we
waiting for five minutes?
All
well look at us
we're over cheers.
Well
no it's been a pleasure. Um Stay well stay safe.
I will
thank
you very
much.
I will have to stay away from him. Yes. Uh huh.
Maybe maybe
you too.