Hello.
Okay, how are you?
I'm good. I'm good. I'm a little more um informal because I'm sick than I normally am for these. But
well
that's
nice. My couch is my everything. Which is where right now. Where are you?
Yes I want to go to Seattle
Green Bay Wisconsin.
It is today.
Yeah we've had some weird days that were, it's been like 74 degrees. Yeah.
Yeah. Very unusual.
Can get cold though right?
Yeah. It's unusual that we had our like that we have had very warm weather this late. So strange.
Um We did have a little bit of snow but it's gone. We had enough that one day I was walking to my friend's house which is she lives in different apartments but it's in my backyard. Um There was this tiny smell man. Just this random snowman up there so it was strange.
Uh huh. Cool. How is Seattle, weren't they having a lot of um uh issues with people in the streets and like causing problems? Do they still have a block That's
being a 5?
No.
a while ago.
It.
that's good. That's stressful.
Yeah so that yeah I'm glad all of that kind of stuff is calming down and then unfortunately the subsequent issues but at least they haven't been as bad. Yeah.
Oh yeah your restaurants are closed?
Who against? Can't do anything. Yeah I wish.
Oh yeah I can imagine it's a lot of people I I wish our restaurants were closed to people and our bars but they're not
we have a Democratic governor that's trying to do really good but we have a Republican um legislature that has fought him at every single point turn.
Yeah.
Good. I want to survive.
Mhm. That's true. So
nope, I've lived in Green Bay from Since 2012 um before that I went to college in Menominee Wisconsin. There's a little town and I've lived all over in my life. Have you always
lived in watching?
Nice. It's a good thing to go there for.
You see me again?
My phone rang and at the feed. God I didn't know that would happen. But um
Just horrible. Uh huh.
Yeah. You should see what 700,000 it would get you in Wisconsin.
huge.
Well
Engineering. Yeah. Yeah. I can't use it. I got sick. Mhm. I have a systemic square derma which is an autoimmune disease. And the meds I have to take kind of fried my brain. Yeah.
Yeah. Most than 1% of the population. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So it's like one of those um, you know, like I worked, it worked as long as I could and then uh what was it like? Almost three years ago I had to drop down to part time and then over a year and a half ago I had to drop down to nothing. And then in august I found out that I got, so security, it took forever.
They backdated it to December 2017. Yeah.
sorrow. They treat you of your
Yeah. And I had a
disease that automatically qualifies you. So it's one of those things,
but
I don't know. So now it gives me time to do this kind of stuff. Mhm.
I
just said with my ipad in front of me and do other stuff and watch prolific to see what pops up.
For me it's three loot crate subscriptions. I get my geeky uh clothing for the and socks. So
um I did apparel, design and development, which um, we were a um engineering school, it was all science stuff, no art, so everything was cad and um like the adobe programs, and I can't even imagine trying to learn that stuff again, and like
all the, you know, all the scientific stuff and a lot of math and science and it was fun but hard. Yeah.
So.
Oh yeah. And what was cool with what we did was we could like work for like ski doo, or designing the interior of cars,
What else was there? I actually worked as an engineer at Kimberly Clark doing um depends on good nights, so, and I worked on the fabric that the diapers are made of now. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, is it? I know people here apparel design and they're like our degree, but no, no, definitely not.
Yeah.
That stuff, yeah. Yeah, it was fun, but now I just have a good story to tell. Yeah,
most people don't like, I I was admitted to the hospital in time for 10 days because my um my white count bottomed out to nothing and the er doctor said that she had to look up to see what it was to even know. Yeah, and she had to explain to the other people in the er what it was who were treating me. So a lot of people don't know because it isn't rare and like when my neurologist uh has medical like what are they interns? Um He always shows me off if I'm in there because they've never seen that. He always says oh look at her hands and because it gives you like the sausage fingers and it makes you it makes you puffy, you know? Yeah.
Yeah it could be worse mm.
Somehow I'm kidding.
Oh I I do fishing and farming and um stuff like that. Uh Animal Krasic not real life. Animal crossing is great though. If you've never played it,
if you have stress in your life, get animal crossing. Yeah you can just sit there and fish and take up time and distress. It's good. Um I don't know, I just do that and then I read and then I try to I try to play games that work my brain out like clue um card games on my ipad and you know, stuff like that. Yeah. How about you? What do you do?
cruel.
Mhm.
I want to do
that once. It's better outside again. I did that in charleston and I liked it. I forgot to mention I lived in Longview Washington when I was younger. Yeah.
Yeah,
I remember it.
Mhm. It was after I Mount ST Helens so Yeah, I was like 1980 five I think.
Yeah.
That's cool. How old is she now?
Uh they're fun is six and 7.
Our school's in session there.
Yeah. My brothers in Minnesota and my niece uh her last day was a couple of days ago and they shut down. Mhm. Yeah. It's very better off
health wise. Not mentally though.
you're
no.
Oh I know, I know for sure that my program wouldn't be able to do it virtually. I had so many hours of labs, I would get a class
and being labs until nine or 10:00 and oh
you had to do stuff there. Yeah.
Yeah. That's just
expensive. Yeah,
definitely. That would be such a, you would think though that corporations that it would be worth it for them to buy the licensing to be able to put it on laptops for their people, you know. Unless it's a small company.
They still get paid though the same go.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not worth getting it though. I had it it's not worth it.
I
I did get it I got it. I went into the hospital September 13 for five days and yeah I felt horrible and I haven't felt good since then. Yeah and now I'm sick again with something up for S Qatar. So yeah it's like it's not fun and they thought that my case wasn't as bad because I've been on hydroxychloroquine for light in four years which is an antiviral too. So. Mhm. It might have helped. Yeah.
Weren't you hoping? Yeah.
Yeah but even if that happened
it wouldn't be your fault.
When I tried
to give plasma they said absolutely not my veins are too small. Yeah because I tried to do
it when I didn't have any income. I know it was said no way. Yeah. They can barely get blood from me sometimes. So yeah it would be torture giving getting uh I mean giving okay plasma and then I don't even know if I can I had a blood transfusion one time so I don't even know if I can give blood.
Yeah. Yeah. I didn't get anything from it. I had myself
tested but because I'm real paranoid about that stuff. But yeah. I don't know. I'm glad you didn't have it
but now you're not in the clear about not getting it later. Yeah.
that's true,
join the ranks of the many.
You are living your life the wrong way
or
maybe he's not
it's
not you.
It's
him.
That's funny. Okay. Yeah. Well I think they said they were like Something like 223,000 cases. Did it Once it gets tipped like a million new cases a day it's gonna just completely go through the entire population fast. Then everybody will have had it.
And then going
through everybody again.
How many people are in Washington?
Oh my God. We less than you. And I think we had mama commit. We have 4000 seven. tested positive. 46% of people tested
positive yesterday. It was something it was up in the thousands of positive cases.
70
600. Okay. That's terrible for a state that has
like around five million people. Yeah.
wow. Okay.
It is terrible. Yeah. Yeah.
Right. Okay. I don't know. Everybody in Wisconsin is going to have it because they're out at the bar. Big drinking culture. Mhm. Yeah. Well I think we've done our
25
We've
been 34
snap.
I don't know. It was fun talking
to you.
Thank you. You, too. You to
stay
away
from
that friend and his friends.
these are. It's definitely the patient. zero, I think.
Yeah. Have a good night.
I.