SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hi. Well I'm glad it works. That person said it wasn't working.
SPEAKER_L: well I'm glad I work too. I'm Jeremiah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm all go
SPEAKER_L: Okay, nice to meet you. Where you we're calling from
SPEAKER_R: I'm in texas.
SPEAKER_L: texas.
SPEAKER_R: Where are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in san Diego California. We're
SPEAKER_R: places.
SPEAKER_L: in texas. It's a big place.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well like right outside san Antonio we just moved out of san Antonio. Just a little outside and more country setting.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. We have an anti who lives outside of san Antonio. I couldn't tell you the name of the town but it's a big place and she's always posting these videos of like thunderstorms and crazy weather. All sorts.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I mean we had some storms coming from like the gulf of Mexico but not like heavy rains the other day. That's about it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: do you like living in texas?
SPEAKER_R: Um Mhm. I like everything except the climate. Let's put it that way. So my husband feels the same way because he was born and raised here. You would think he would be used to it by now. But every summer he always says well this is the last summer we're here, we're moving somewhere
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: else and so far we're
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: still here.
SPEAKER_L: it. Good climate because it's so hot. Is that way?
SPEAKER_R: It is very hot and san Antonio is more humid. We used to live over by Dallas but we moved here a year ago because of his job and now here and it's even harder and more human. No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's hard.
SPEAKER_R: So he's,
SPEAKER_L: I'm a big fan, big fan of the sauna like I do this on almost every day but I'd rather do it by choice and not because that's just outside.
SPEAKER_R: mama everyday, uncle. No. Right.
SPEAKER_L: What does your husband do? What brought you guys to texas or keeps you in texas?
SPEAKER_R: Um, he works for bullying. No.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. They've had a rough couple of years. At least at least their stocks. I don't know where he is on the but yeah, I've
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: hard.
SPEAKER_L: I've been
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: following them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: this year is even harder because of Covid. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think there is still a great company, but then they've taken some hits. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I said yesterday that they had a meeting and they were told that in the last, I don't know, I forgot the last month or two months or whatever the period was. Um, the company has done even worse than they expected, like. Oh, that's great news.
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, because nobody is flying so nobody's ordering planes. I don't know if he's on because I think there's there's a defense side of Boeing
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: then there's
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: like the,
SPEAKER_R: than defense.
SPEAKER_L: the commercial side. I feel like the defense side would probably be fine. That's
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And you guys, Yes, I have a lot of family around there. What?
SPEAKER_R: No, nobody.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I mean my
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: whole
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: family over in Russia, I'm the only one here with my husband and our kids, so my family is nowhere close and his family is mostly over by Dallas. So now it's like five hours away, but he's not really closely anyways. She's kinda glad he was glad to be moving further away. Right.
SPEAKER_L: so it's you guys in the heat? Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So is it your first time here in this kind
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: of a video thing?
SPEAKER_L: no, no. Well, No, it's not through prolific. This is my 3rd and then I do, I do zooms all the time now just because that's just because of covid. So this is like, this is like almost every day. Come on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is my second was prolific and I don't know any other platform similar. So I mean I would be doing it probably more too if I knew there was anything else, I don't even know how I found prolific, I don't remember.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well for me, it's, it's great because I do a lot of work remote. So on those brakes, you know, you throw in a survey and it all adds up. And we've been doing like I have, It's myself, my wife and we have 3, 3 kids. And every week we take the prolific money and that's like our family date money. So depending on how many surveys I get to, it will be like, yeah, go out for ice cream or go out for dinner. So it's worked. It's worked well for us.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, initially when I found prolific, I was thinking, oh if I, my my my oldest daughter's birthday's coming up and like Less than two weeks now, I'm like, oh if I say love, like let's say $30, I'll get her a toy. Like something that it's been a little bit more now. And now I'm like, well and my husband doesn't really know anything about politics because I'm here at home and he's at work during the day and evening. Don't seem to be like a lot of, you know, I haven't seen much of surveys and posted in the evenings. So now I'm thinking like more ambitiously, maybe I should just sort of keep it whatever I make. It's not much anyways, but try and save up for a camera. I used to photograph before we met. And then when we met, I sold my camera to sort of just pay out pretty off some bills. And I was just thinking, I remember at that time, like I will get a tax return and I'll just get a new one. But before all that happens, I found out I was pregnant. And somehow one thing led to another. Our daughter is almost four. Well
SPEAKER_L: Back.
SPEAKER_R: or to have a second one. It's been years and I don't have a camera. And it used to be something that really enjoyed. And now those covid I was like and plus kids like I don't get to photograph them in the way that I would like to. I mean I was helpful, but that's not the same. Now. I'm thinking maybe like in a year or two it was prolific. I can say well for like a really nice camera. I don't know. We'll see. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The kids kids change everything, don't they? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: They do it really, really do.
SPEAKER_L: So you have to, you said. And once, once four, how is the other one
SPEAKER_R: And mom, she's sleeping now.
SPEAKER_L: 10
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Mar Our Baby.
SPEAKER_R: the baby.
SPEAKER_L: We got a little little one. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So I've been home and not able to find work because their home with me. Well, in fact, I know I recently found something that's kind of a crappy job, but it's part time and it's working out for now. It's only $9 an hour. So like a little over minimum wage in Texas and it's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: just calling people and asking to do surveys. But over the film uh before the election, I think this firm is like a national research firm has more uh I guess orders or whatever you wanna call it projects for before election. Uh there's so calling people, but it's a crappy job because everybody thinks I'm a telemarketer and about to sell them something and they just hang up on me all the time. So like you make 500 poles and you're lucky if you get two or three people to talk to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't
SPEAKER_R: But at least
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I'm whole
SPEAKER_L: was not surprised me. Right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like at least I'm home and it's stupid hours for most people. But like for what it is now, it's when my husband comes home, I go and do that till about midnight and his list of kids just a little extra
SPEAKER_L: I was I was looking at VIP kids, speaking of like little side households, you know where they are basically tutoring? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I know this. All
SPEAKER_L: Have you checked it out, sorry?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. But before Covid and I hate teaching. So I've I've always been apprehensive about it because I do I did I used to teach at the university and
SPEAKER_L: Oh, you didn't?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I have a PhD in social work. So I used to teach college and I really don't like it. But you know, um somebody that I work for is actually signed up and try to teach with them. And the sex part is that it's kind of like prolific. You know, something pops up and you have to get on it right away or it gets filled up like a few minutes. So it's the same. Like they say, Oh, you can make what, $22 an hour. But getting a spot is a different thing because there's others like you, it's going to get that spot first. It's you know, it's going to get that plus. And then of course the student shows up and doesn't show up so it's
SPEAKER_L: Do you
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: think?
SPEAKER_R: a stable income, it's like you know one of those things
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you were you're teaching at the universe, Which university did you teach at?
SPEAKER_R: I used to I used to not anymore. Um I had to leave and go to Russia for 15 months and I returned in march with all this stuff just like happened. I barely got out because they were closing borders and everything, so I left just in time. But then I'm here and I can't find anything Is coded. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's hard.
SPEAKER_R: But I used to
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I used
SPEAKER_L: hard.
SPEAKER_R: to teach at the university of texas in Arlington. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And it wasn't a good experience. You didn't like it.
SPEAKER_R: I just don't like teaching. I think it's just uh sometimes some things you go into without knowing what it's like until you try it. I
SPEAKER_L: Would you go more
SPEAKER_R: don't want
SPEAKER_L: onto what about like the research side at the university? Would
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: reason
SPEAKER_L: ever
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: is more
SPEAKER_L: into
SPEAKER_R: interesting
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: but it requires a lot of self disciplined. Um You know if you have to do it yourself, I don't know, I think everything is harder to do with with kids and when your husband has a way better paying jobs. So it's like everything that he does take priority versus what I do like naturally hate that it's the way it is but it's like okay your home, your kids like this is kind of what you do and I do like work and I come home and it's kind of you know when it gets harder um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: If if
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: if I had a daycare for them full time that be different and I could do something.
SPEAKER_L: I was going to say we work a little bit with the University of SAn Diego and for their professors, there's a day care on campus just for folks who are in a similar situation and I always thought that was a brilliant and also for, you know, some of the students, they have little ones also and I just I felt like that's such a good idea, right? Like you take away all these reasons why like teaching would be difficult to give them an option on campus and like everything everything becomes easier for the professor, but I don't know if that's negative for other universities or
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: and what?
SPEAKER_R: it's not know that I used to, I started my PhD at Louisiana L. S. U. Louisiana State University. They didn't have any anything like that. Uta had one little daycare similar to what you're describing, that it was overly full all the time. And since I wasn't like a 10 year full time faculty, I didn't qualify for that anyways at the time. So, I
SPEAKER_L: Got it.
SPEAKER_R: mean, it's, it's like, I mean, I always work, there's just whatever I did always brought so much less money that it was, you know, kind of like, okay, like I do it not on a full time basis or a temporarily worked full time, but it was still a lot less money. And all of my salary literally went to daycare, car payment and student loan payment and it's gone.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's crazy. Child care is so expensive. It's Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I would have to both our preschoolers. Yeah. We'll see what happens.
SPEAKER_L: we're a little bit, we're a little bit past The child care stage, like my oldest is 12 And then we have our boy turns 10 this month, Our next in August and then the baby's seven, so we're out of the childcare years, but now we're back in the childcare years, right? Because
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: doing school from from home, so learning how to be a dad all over again. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: are they open and then I'm going in person, you're not sending them back to school or I don't know what the situation is important for India with schools.
SPEAKER_L: it's fluid right now as of right now, it's remote learning for at least the first three weeks of school. And then I think not evaluate, they have nine or 10 different markers that they say the county needs to hit. You know, like has to be like the cases have to be declining for 14 days and all these metrics, there's a whole list. Uh So, well, see I'm not, I would be surprised if they were back in the classroom full time before january and we're just expecting to to have them here at the house, so. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: well, I feel
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: if if that
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: changes.
SPEAKER_R: people haven't lost their jobs with all that we're still able to work from home, A lot
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: of people,
SPEAKER_L: my wife,
SPEAKER_R: it was like, how am I gonna work?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well, my wife worked at the school, so she's also out of work, but it really helped having her here
SPEAKER_R: Of course.
SPEAKER_L: Like my my work is really flexible so I'm able to help them here and there. But she she definitely did the heavy lifting uh john. Yeah, but other like my sister and brother in law, they both have like very high stress high energy jobs where they have to be like constantly. And you go well, I don't know how you do both. Well, are you still there?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Here, can you hear me see me?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Right, I can hear you but I can't see you, which is fine. Uh
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: Like your
SPEAKER_R: I hope it's okay for them,
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: picture
SPEAKER_R: can see
SPEAKER_L: run
SPEAKER_R: myself.
SPEAKER_L: away. Okay. That's funny. Um Yeah, I was like my my sister and brother in law, like like they were so stressed, you know? Um Like trying to work two full time jobs And help their two little ones with their schooling. Uh huh. So I don't know what they're going to do for this next school season.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we'll see. But
SPEAKER_R: I'm just curious based on, I I think I was just thinking before this uh little chat today based on my previous one, it was a really young guy. So I felt, I felt like, you know, we only had one thing in common, we were both immigrants, so we talked about that, but otherwise it was such a life experience and age gap that I felt like it wasn't too much to talk about as far as, you know, he's got no kids, no wife, no, you know nothing. He, he was like, uh, today, I was like, well, you know, if I get somebody like that, I'm just gonna, you know, I was just thinking of some questions I can just ask just about anyone and to kind of, you know, Like any stranger that you may be normally would maybe ask, but just to make it interesting. But now like, Okay, I have a person who also has kids and has, you know, but also seems like you guys have been married for like what, 15 years or more like a while.
SPEAKER_L: Close 17. We just hit 17.
SPEAKER_R: we are going to be five years in february. So we're fairly young in the marriage, not that we're young young, but And out of the five years, 15 months I had to spend overseas. That was for immigration, crappy reasons. You know, I had to leave and then and so I'm just curious because I mean I'm still, this is all new. I'm going through it right now. But you have gone through it like when your kids were really young, like mine, you know, and you were hitting the five year mark and your marriage and I don't know whatever market was I always read about like there's always a little crisis as a marriage is happening or like a little kind of kick ups here and there. Would you say that when you, when your kids were young life was more stressful or maybe since you were also younger things were still a little more, I don't know, easier, more romantic, more fun. I don't know how to word it, but like was it harder or was it easier as far as just like feeling like our marriage is strong, going strong or now it's more like solidified? Ah
SPEAKER_L: Well that's a great question. I well my lady might have a totally different answer. I feel like we're better than we ever have and most of that a tribute to my wife, like she is such an amazing human. Like I mean truly genuinely and we've always just been on the same page. Yeah, like we rarely fight and that's not like a it's just we think very similarly. Um and I think there's difference and all these things that have helped us along the way time. I think also before we moved to SAn Diego and and this yeah, I think a lot of like our health in the early years of our marriage in the early years of having kids was because we had such an amazing support system. So when you said like it's just you and your husband in texas and you know, you've got family in Russia and like he's not close. Like that's like, I know it would have been much harder to do it with just the two of us, right? But where we grew up in the bay Area, like we, we had a lot of friends who didn't have kids at the time. So they took a very active role in hours and then uh, like her, her parents who had split and remarried, like those are incredible grand grandparents and then my parents, so we like, we always had date nights where someone would come and like we just to go like take a date, we got the kids. Um, you know, grandparents would like, my mom would take the kids, like you just said, just drop them off in my house for the day and you go do whatever you need to do. So I think that guy was such a, I
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: shoot
SPEAKER_R: sounds
SPEAKER_L: burden
SPEAKER_R: great. All right.
SPEAKER_L: so like that part, like if there's an ache there for, for you guys because I know like when you're in it and you're, you're just grinding and you're grinding day after day and it's like hard to come up for air. Like that's, that can be hard. But I will say like it'll, it'll pass, you know, like once, like now my, now my oldest
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: 12, like now we're at the place where they all have chores. So I don't do any dishes anymore. My oldest, she cooks for the two. Um, and I'm like, oh, so this, this part is nice. Uh, once once we got to that place, but uh, yeah, parenting. I mean, you know, we have to remind ourselves all the time like, hey, this this is what we wanted, this is what we pray for and we got it. And uh if you do it right, it's it's not easy, right? There's always going to be a struggle, just different, right? At the same time, I want another baby. Uh I miss I miss the like my favorite stage was like that 14, 15 months stage, you know, there are
SPEAKER_R: When they stop walking stuff here. All right.
SPEAKER_L: when they start walking and yeah, it's just yeah, so I mean, I envy you in a lot of ways, even though you probably don't feel like it, it's such a like the baby stages, so fun.
SPEAKER_R: No, the baby is fun. Well, my first one was a very, very difficult baby. I didn't know it because it was my first child and it's like, oh my God, and I never wanted another one and another one, if it wasn't an accident would never happen. But now that she did happen and she's completely so entirely different and I know that oh, my first one was difficult and I wasn't going crazy and like babies can be completely enjoyable. I'm like, oh yeah, I would be okay if I knew that another one is going to be like the second one. But my husband is three. He actually he's he's nine years older than me and he has another daughter um that he raised and she's 22 but she has autism and she lives with her grandma right now because of Covid, they just kind of she didn't want to move here right away, and now she's kind of over there and we're stuck over here for the time being, I don't know what's going to happen. I mean, she's gonna move eventually with us, so we technically have three Children. This is like, you know, his daughter is not my daughter and the mom was not involved in that side, so there's no mom. Um no, but like yeah, like you said, they're they're little and they're all, especially now for like the past six months, 6, 24/7, they're on me like I can't can I don't have a minute to just be by myself. Like I am right now, but just keep watching cartoons over there. It's just still here, you know? Uh huh. And I'm an introvert sometimes I just need to be without anyone at all. And it's been hard for me. Like that's been hard. And um yeah, I just said, I don't know. Sometimes I feel like, hmm we're just so tired. Maybe I hope this is what it is because I'm like, I hope this is it. I hope it's just we're just so tired that were just, sometimes you feel like we don't talk about anything, but like kids need these kids need that, okay, let's go sleep. And it is like that whole like okay, is that how it's gonna be? Like it's kind of
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: being all ago.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you're in it, you're in it. But there's there's definitely right at the end. Is your daughter, you said she was difficult, Is that like a physical thing or is it like she's hardheaded?
SPEAKER_R: You know, she will. Well, I didn't know it was wrong, but I think something was just not right when she was a baby, but you know, maybe in some neurological things, you know, just sometimes birth traumas do stuff like that to babies, but they just sleep at all and she screamed bloody murder all the time. So for the first year it was awful. But then, you know, she's gotten better. She has a personality and she's still very much like every little thing is a drama. But like right now I hear her, something's going on there and yes, but now that I she can talk and I can, you know, like I know what's going on. At least it that's easier. But uh when she was a baby, I had no idea. I just, I was exhausted and I hated being a parent. I could not attach to her. It's hard to attach to somebody who screams like you're killing it like, Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well you're not that's not abnormal. That's not possible. You know it's and it's hard to do anything coherently when you're exhausted. Like if you don't have sleep it just messes everything else. Right?
SPEAKER_R: All right. This
SPEAKER_L: Sounds
SPEAKER_R: is the
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: hey hey. Yes. Just like introducing each competitor where I speak Russian to her, so,
SPEAKER_L: no I love that. Mm I think I think our time is is up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it's been, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And it sounds like she needs you. Uh But it's
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: lovely.
SPEAKER_R: It's been lonely. Thank you so much. And thanks for the encouragement. You guys survive
SPEAKER_L: scores.
SPEAKER_R: the pandemic and the child care and you know everything. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: hang in there it gets it gets better or easier I should say it gets easier.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Thank you. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.
SPEAKER_R: Bye Bye. Do we just close the window? Is that how
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: works?
SPEAKER_L: so. And then there's a survey if you go back that you'll take.