I
well I'm glad I work too. I'm Jeremiah.
Okay, nice to meet you. Where you we're calling from
texas.
I'm in san Diego California. We're
in texas. It's a big place.
Uh huh. We have an anti who lives outside of san Antonio. I couldn't tell you the name of the town but it's a big place and she's always posting these videos of like thunderstorms and crazy weather. All sorts.
do you like living in texas?
I
get
it. Good climate because it's so hot. Is that way?
Yeah that's hard.
I'm a big fan, big fan of the sauna like I do this on almost every day but I'd rather do it by choice and not because that's just outside.
What does your husband do? What brought you guys to texas or keeps you in texas?
Uh huh. They've had a rough couple of years. At least at least their stocks. I don't know where he is on the but yeah, I've
been
I've been
following them. Yeah.
Yeah. I think there is still a great company, but then they've taken some hits. Uh huh.
Well, yeah, because nobody is flying so nobody's ordering planes. I don't know if he's on because I think there's there's a defense side of Boeing
and
then there's
like the,
the commercial side. I feel like the defense side would probably be fine. That's
Yeah.
And you guys, Yes, I have a lot of family around there. What?
No,
So
it's
so it's you guys in the heat? Oh
No,
no, no. Well, No, it's not through prolific. This is my 3rd and then I do, I do zooms all the time now just because that's just because of covid. So this is like, this is like almost every day. Come on. Yeah.
Yeah. Well for me, it's, it's great because I do a lot of work remote. So on those brakes, you know, you throw in a survey and it all adds up. And we've been doing like I have, It's myself, my wife and we have 3, 3 kids. And every week we take the prolific money and that's like our family date money. So depending on how many surveys I get to, it will be like, yeah, go out for ice cream or go out for dinner. So it's worked. It's worked well for us.
Back.
The kids kids change everything, don't they? Yeah.
So you have to, you said. And once, once four, how is the other one
10
Mar Our Baby.
We got a little little one. Mhm.
And
Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't
that
was not surprised me. Right.
I was I was looking at VIP kids, speaking of like little side households, you know where they are basically tutoring? Okay.
Have you checked it out, sorry?
Oh, you didn't?
Do you
think?
Yeah. So you were you're teaching at the universe, Which university did you teach at?
Yeah. That's hard.
That's
hard.
And it wasn't a good experience. You didn't like it.
Would you go more
onto what about like the research side at the university? Would
you
ever
go
into
that?
Mhm.
We
I was going to say we work a little bit with the University of SAn Diego and for their professors, there's a day care on campus just for folks who are in a similar situation and I always thought that was a brilliant and also for, you know, some of the students, they have little ones also and I just I felt like that's such a good idea, right? Like you take away all these reasons why like teaching would be difficult to give them an option on campus and like everything everything becomes easier for the professor, but I don't know if that's negative for other universities or
and what?
Got it.
Yeah, it's crazy. Child care is so expensive. It's Yeah. Yeah.
we're a little bit, we're a little bit past The child care stage, like my oldest is 12 And then we have our boy turns 10 this month, Our next in August and then the baby's seven, so we're out of the childcare years, but now we're back in the childcare years, right? Because
they're
doing school from from home, so learning how to be a dad all over again. Yeah,
it's fluid right now as of right now, it's remote learning for at least the first three weeks of school. And then I think not evaluate, they have nine or 10 different markers that they say the county needs to hit. You know, like has to be like the cases have to be declining for 14 days and all these metrics, there's a whole list. Uh So, well, see I'm not, I would be surprised if they were back in the classroom full time before january and we're just expecting to to have them here at the house, so. Yeah,
and
if if that
changes.
Well,
my wife,
Yeah, well, my wife worked at the school, so she's also out of work, but it really helped having her here
Like my my work is really flexible so I'm able to help them here and there. But she she definitely did the heavy lifting uh john. Yeah, but other like my sister and brother in law, they both have like very high stress high energy jobs where they have to be like constantly. And you go well, I don't know how you do both. Well, are you still there?
Okay. Right, I can hear you but I can't see you, which is fine. Uh
Like your
your
picture
run
away. Okay. That's funny. Um Yeah, I was like my my sister and brother in law, like like they were so stressed, you know? Um Like trying to work two full time jobs And help their two little ones with their schooling. Uh huh. So I don't know what they're going to do for this next school season.
Yeah, we'll see. But
Close 17. We just hit 17.
Well that's a great question. I well my lady might have a totally different answer. I feel like we're better than we ever have and most of that a tribute to my wife, like she is such an amazing human. Like I mean truly genuinely and we've always just been on the same page. Yeah, like we rarely fight and that's not like a it's just we think very similarly. Um and I think there's difference and all these things that have helped us along the way time. I think also before we moved to SAn Diego and and this yeah, I think a lot of like our health in the early years of our marriage in the early years of having kids was because we had such an amazing support system. So when you said like it's just you and your husband in texas and you know, you've got family in Russia and like he's not close. Like that's like, I know it would have been much harder to do it with just the two of us, right? But where we grew up in the bay Area, like we, we had a lot of friends who didn't have kids at the time. So they took a very active role in hours and then uh, like her, her parents who had split and remarried, like those are incredible grand grandparents and then my parents, so we like, we always had date nights where someone would come and like we just to go like take a date, we got the kids. Um, you know, grandparents would like, my mom would take the kids, like you just said, just drop them off in my house for the day and you go do whatever you need to do. So I think that guy was such a, I
shoot
burden
so like that part, like if there's an ache there for, for you guys because I know like when you're in it and you're, you're just grinding and you're grinding day after day and it's like hard to come up for air. Like that's, that can be hard. But I will say like it'll, it'll pass, you know, like once, like now my, now my oldest
12, like now we're at the place where they all have chores. So I don't do any dishes anymore. My oldest, she cooks for the two. Um, and I'm like, oh, so this, this part is nice. Uh, once once we got to that place, but uh, yeah, parenting. I mean, you know, we have to remind ourselves all the time like, hey, this this is what we wanted, this is what we pray for and we got it. And uh if you do it right, it's it's not easy, right? There's always going to be a struggle, just different, right? At the same time, I want another baby. Uh I miss I miss the like my favorite stage was like that 14, 15 months stage, you know, there are
when they start walking and yeah, it's just yeah, so I mean, I envy you in a lot of ways, even though you probably don't feel like it, it's such a like the baby stages, so fun.
come
on.
Yeah, you're in it, you're in it. But there's there's definitely right at the end. Is your daughter, you said she was difficult, Is that like a physical thing or is it like she's hardheaded?
Well you're not that's not abnormal. That's not possible. You know it's and it's hard to do anything coherently when you're exhausted. Like if you don't have sleep it just messes everything else. Right?
Sounds
like
no I love that. Mm I think I think our time is is up.
No.
And it sounds like she needs you. Uh But it's
been
lovely.
scores.
hang in there it gets it gets better or easier I should say it gets easier.
Bye.
I
think
so. And then there's a survey if you go back that you'll take.