Hello.
Yeah. Hi. Well I'm glad it works. That person said it wasn't working.
I'm all go
I'm in texas.
Where are you?
places.
Yeah. Well like right outside san Antonio we just moved out of san Antonio. Just a little outside and more country setting.
I don't know. I mean we had some storms coming from like the gulf of Mexico but not like heavy rains the other day. That's about it. Yeah.
Um Mhm. I like everything except the climate. Let's put it that way. So my husband feels the same way because he was born and raised here. You would think he would be used to it by now. But every summer he always says well this is the last summer we're here, we're moving somewhere
else and so far we're
still here.
It is very hot and san Antonio is more humid. We used to live over by Dallas but we moved here a year ago because of his job and now here and it's even harder and more human. No.
So he's,
mama everyday, uncle. No. Right.
Um, he works for bullying. No.
It's
hard.
I think
this year is even harder because of Covid. So
Yeah. I said yesterday that they had a meeting and they were told that in the last, I don't know, I forgot the last month or two months or whatever the period was. Um, the company has done even worse than they expected, like. Oh, that's great news.
It's
actually
been
than defense.
Hopefully. Yeah.
Yeah.
No, nobody.
I mean my
whole
family over in Russia, I'm the only one here with my husband and our kids, so my family is nowhere close and his family is mostly over by Dallas. So now it's like five hours away, but he's not really closely anyways. She's kinda glad he was glad to be moving further away. Right.
Yeah. So is it your first time here in this kind
of a video thing?
Yeah, it is my second was prolific and I don't know any other platform similar. So I mean I would be doing it probably more too if I knew there was anything else, I don't even know how I found prolific, I don't remember.
Yeah, initially when I found prolific, I was thinking, oh if I, my my my oldest daughter's birthday's coming up and like Less than two weeks now, I'm like, oh if I say love, like let's say $30, I'll get her a toy. Like something that it's been a little bit more now. And now I'm like, well and my husband doesn't really know anything about politics because I'm here at home and he's at work during the day and evening. Don't seem to be like a lot of, you know, I haven't seen much of surveys and posted in the evenings. So now I'm thinking like more ambitiously, maybe I should just sort of keep it whatever I make. It's not much anyways, but try and save up for a camera. I used to photograph before we met. And then when we met, I sold my camera to sort of just pay out pretty off some bills. And I was just thinking, I remember at that time, like I will get a tax return and I'll just get a new one. But before all that happens, I found out I was pregnant. And somehow one thing led to another. Our daughter is almost four. Well
or to have a second one. It's been years and I don't have a camera. And it used to be something that really enjoyed. And now those covid I was like and plus kids like I don't get to photograph them in the way that I would like to. I mean I was helpful, but that's not the same. Now. I'm thinking maybe like in a year or two it was prolific. I can say well for like a really nice camera. I don't know. We'll see. Yeah.
They do it really, really do.
And mom, she's sleeping now.
So
the baby.
So I've been home and not able to find work because their home with me. Well, in fact, I know I recently found something that's kind of a crappy job, but it's part time and it's working out for now. It's only $9 an hour. So like a little over minimum wage in Texas and it's
just calling people and asking to do surveys. But over the film uh before the election, I think this firm is like a national research firm has more uh I guess orders or whatever you wanna call it projects for before election. Uh there's so calling people, but it's a crappy job because everybody thinks I'm a telemarketer and about to sell them something and they just hang up on me all the time. So like you make 500 poles and you're lucky if you get two or three people to talk to you.
But at least
I'm whole
yeah, like at least I'm home and it's stupid hours for most people. But like for what it is now, it's when my husband comes home, I go and do that till about midnight and his list of kids just a little extra
I know this. All
Yes. But before Covid and I hate teaching. So I've I've always been apprehensive about it because I do I did I used to teach at the university and
yeah, I have a PhD in social work. So I used to teach college and I really don't like it. But you know, um somebody that I work for is actually signed up and try to teach with them. And the sex part is that it's kind of like prolific. You know, something pops up and you have to get on it right away or it gets filled up like a few minutes. So it's the same. Like they say, Oh, you can make what, $22 an hour. But getting a spot is a different thing because there's others like you, it's going to get that spot first. It's you know, it's going to get that plus. And then of course the student shows up and doesn't show up so it's
not
a stable income, it's like you know one of those things
I used to I used to not anymore. Um I had to leave and go to Russia for 15 months and I returned in march with all this stuff just like happened. I barely got out because they were closing borders and everything, so I left just in time. But then I'm here and I can't find anything Is coded. Yeah. Yeah.
But I used to
I used
to teach at the university of texas in Arlington. Mhm.
I just don't like teaching. I think it's just uh sometimes some things you go into without knowing what it's like until you try it. I
don't want
the
reason
she
is more
interesting
but it requires a lot of self disciplined. Um You know if you have to do it yourself, I don't know, I think everything is harder to do with with kids and when your husband has a way better paying jobs. So it's like everything that he does take priority versus what I do like naturally hate that it's the way it is but it's like okay your home, your kids like this is kind of what you do and I do like work and I come home and it's kind of you know when it gets harder um
If if
if I had a daycare for them full time that be different and I could do something.
No,
it's not know that I used to, I started my PhD at Louisiana L. S. U. Louisiana State University. They didn't have any anything like that. Uta had one little daycare similar to what you're describing, that it was overly full all the time. And since I wasn't like a 10 year full time faculty, I didn't qualify for that anyways at the time. So, I
mean, it's, it's like, I mean, I always work, there's just whatever I did always brought so much less money that it was, you know, kind of like, okay, like I do it not on a full time basis or a temporarily worked full time, but it was still a lot less money. And all of my salary literally went to daycare, car payment and student loan payment and it's gone.
I would have to both our preschoolers. Yeah. We'll see what happens.
I
know.
are they open and then I'm going in person, you're not sending them back to school or I don't know what the situation is important for India with schools.
well, I feel
like
like
people haven't lost their jobs with all that we're still able to work from home, A lot
of people,
it was like, how am I gonna work?
Of course.
yeah. Here, can you hear me see me?
mm
I hope it's okay for them,
I
can see
myself.
So
I'm just curious based on, I I think I was just thinking before this uh little chat today based on my previous one, it was a really young guy. So I felt, I felt like, you know, we only had one thing in common, we were both immigrants, so we talked about that, but otherwise it was such a life experience and age gap that I felt like it wasn't too much to talk about as far as, you know, he's got no kids, no wife, no, you know nothing. He, he was like, uh, today, I was like, well, you know, if I get somebody like that, I'm just gonna, you know, I was just thinking of some questions I can just ask just about anyone and to kind of, you know, Like any stranger that you may be normally would maybe ask, but just to make it interesting. But now like, Okay, I have a person who also has kids and has, you know, but also seems like you guys have been married for like what, 15 years or more like a while.
we are going to be five years in february. So we're fairly young in the marriage, not that we're young young, but And out of the five years, 15 months I had to spend overseas. That was for immigration, crappy reasons. You know, I had to leave and then and so I'm just curious because I mean I'm still, this is all new. I'm going through it right now. But you have gone through it like when your kids were really young, like mine, you know, and you were hitting the five year mark and your marriage and I don't know whatever market was I always read about like there's always a little crisis as a marriage is happening or like a little kind of kick ups here and there. Would you say that when you, when your kids were young life was more stressful or maybe since you were also younger things were still a little more, I don't know, easier, more romantic, more fun. I don't know how to word it, but like was it harder or was it easier as far as just like feeling like our marriage is strong, going strong or now it's more like solidified? Ah
That
sounds
great. All right.
But
When they stop walking stuff here. All right.
No, the baby is fun. Well, my first one was a very, very difficult baby. I didn't know it because it was my first child and it's like, oh my God, and I never wanted another one and another one, if it wasn't an accident would never happen. But now that she did happen and she's completely so entirely different and I know that oh, my first one was difficult and I wasn't going crazy and like babies can be completely enjoyable. I'm like, oh yeah, I would be okay if I knew that another one is going to be like the second one. But my husband is three. He actually he's he's nine years older than me and he has another daughter um that he raised and she's 22 but she has autism and she lives with her grandma right now because of Covid, they just kind of she didn't want to move here right away, and now she's kind of over there and we're stuck over here for the time being, I don't know what's going to happen. I mean, she's gonna move eventually with us, so we technically have three Children. This is like, you know, his daughter is not my daughter and the mom was not involved in that side, so there's no mom. Um no, but like yeah, like you said, they're they're little and they're all, especially now for like the past six months, 6, 24/7, they're on me like I can't can I don't have a minute to just be by myself. Like I am right now, but just keep watching cartoons over there. It's just still here, you know? Uh huh. And I'm an introvert sometimes I just need to be without anyone at all. And it's been hard for me. Like that's been hard. And um yeah, I just said, I don't know. Sometimes I feel like, hmm we're just so tired. Maybe I hope this is what it is because I'm like, I hope this is it. I hope it's just we're just so tired that were just, sometimes you feel like we don't talk about anything, but like kids need these kids need that, okay, let's go sleep. And it is like that whole like okay, is that how it's gonna be? Like it's kind of
just
being all ago.
You know, she will. Well, I didn't know it was wrong, but I think something was just not right when she was a baby, but you know, maybe in some neurological things, you know, just sometimes birth traumas do stuff like that to babies, but they just sleep at all and she screamed bloody murder all the time. So for the first year it was awful. But then, you know, she's gotten better. She has a personality and she's still very much like every little thing is a drama. But like right now I hear her, something's going on there and yes, but now that I she can talk and I can, you know, like I know what's going on. At least it that's easier. But uh when she was a baby, I had no idea. I just, I was exhausted and I hated being a parent. I could not attach to her. It's hard to attach to somebody who screams like you're killing it like, Yeah. Yeah.
All right. This
is the
hey hey. Yes. Just like introducing each competitor where I speak Russian to her, so,
Yeah. I think
it's been, yeah.
is
it?
It's been lonely. Thank you so much. And thanks for the encouragement. You guys survive
the pandemic and the child care and you know everything. Mhm.
Okay. Thank you. Bye.
Bye Bye. Do we just close the window? Is that how
it
works?