SPEAKER_R: I can't hear you. Can you hear me? Okay? I can hear you now.
SPEAKER_L: You know? Okay. Cool.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm good.
SPEAKER_L: scott?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm Shelly
SPEAKER_L: So I'm Angela. Sorry. Mhm. Have you done these before with the video chats?
SPEAKER_R: Um I've tried but my person never showed up, so this is like my third attempt. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Let's
SPEAKER_R: So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Where are you located? Like what state? You know? I'm telling me like exactly
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: where?
SPEAKER_R: in north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm in Illinois just outside Chicago.
SPEAKER_R: Is it cold up there? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it's snow this morning.
SPEAKER_R: wow, it's hot. Yeah, it's like in the 70s.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's nice. Yeah, my sister's in northeast Tennessee, so she want to involve
SPEAKER_R: Trump.
SPEAKER_L: the north Carolina. Um, Yeah. And I told her yesterday because we've been going for walks together like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: on facetime and I was like, I have to do my inside now. No, like, yeah. Um, so yeah, what's, what's new with you? What's fun?
SPEAKER_R: I got a job, I graduated back in May and with the whole pandemic thing, it's been hard to try to find
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: a job in my position, which is social work. Um It's and like I really wanted to work with Children or the elderly, which they're kind of like trying to keep us away from right now. Um So I was able to get a part time job just doing like a
SPEAKER_L: it's great.
SPEAKER_R: retail advertising type position, so it's better than nothing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's hard too because obviously like you got a job, you want to help people and I can't help nobody right now. Um, I work in accounting, but for live music, so there's not much going on. Um, and they're selling our company currently to someone else but supposedly will be okay. Just really thankful and feel kind of guilty that I still have a job when there's like not a lot of money coming in. Um Yeah, I've been able to work from home, which is great, but also I just want to watch tv and sleep all day. I don't know, very much self control. Um Yeah. Do you live alone or do you live with other people or family?
SPEAKER_R: I have a six year old daughter.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry. Is she in kindergarten? Them
SPEAKER_R: She is in 1st grade.
SPEAKER_L: First grade. Okay. Yeah. My nephews in first grade two. First
SPEAKER_R: she barely
SPEAKER_L: primary.
SPEAKER_R: made the cut off, she was July 29. So she was like three weeks away from the cut off, she was able to make it.
SPEAKER_L: Is she going into school? She at home?
SPEAKER_R: Um They started out alternating weeks. Um So like they had week A students and we'd be students and like we k we go in person while we be was virtual and then the next week we'll be would be in person while a week a was virtual. But the governor allowed this K. Through five to go back full time. If the the districts were comfortable with it, the districts could stay with the week on week off or um move to week at our plan A which is full in person just for k. Through five, middle school and high school still has to do the alternating weeks or fully virtual. Um But so she was able to go back
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: fully
SPEAKER_L: long
SPEAKER_R: except for Mondays, they do virtual on monday, so they're able to have more planning and catch up time for the teachers.
SPEAKER_L: and scribe. Yeah. That's got to be tough finding a job to working around that. Yeah. My sister had three columns in March to the end of the year. And like who, how did you do
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. When they first canceled
SPEAKER_L: like even more and I
SPEAKER_R: school,
SPEAKER_L: don't know how to do it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah when they first canceled school, I was actually in my internship placement which also went virtual or remote, so I was having to do my internship from home while also teaching my daughter from home.
SPEAKER_L: Very guy
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: it but luckily like the supervisor I had, she knew that I had a daughter and I had worked with her previously and whatnot. So she was really flexible with me, like I even worked on the weekends to ensure that I got still got all my hours in
SPEAKER_L: Where are
SPEAKER_R: and so she was really flexible about it, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's so tough. Yeah, I just I love my husband and two cats and a dog and then um we have, we run an apartment above a friend's house, that's that friend and then his mom moved in downstairs, so I'm lucky that like I have space so it can be by myself, but I can also be around other people. Um He's been taught because a lot of friends just aren't going out as much, or I don't trust them as I'm not trust, I just they're seeing more people than like I'm comfortable with and like I'm older than them, so um yeah, it's just been kind of rough and now that it's getting cold um I went to a friend's backyard on saturday. She put up like a sheet on the on her back wall, like the garage wall and it's got like a little projector, we're watching movies but we all chairs like six ft apart and then we all have like double layers of clothes on and then blanket, I'm like this is what we're doing this winter I guess. Like It got down to like 35 on Saturday and I was like, I don't know if I like I need to go, it was like 9:30 and I was like I need to go home to cool. Um
SPEAKER_R: I have not been able to handle the cold as I've gotten older, like I used to be the one that's like out there for hours and my daughter's like I'm freezing and now she's the one that doesn't want to go inside and I'm like five minutes later, I'm like, I got to go inside, it's too cold, It is not even snowing, it's only like 40° or 50° out
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: I'm freezing.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's still pretty cold to be out if you're not used to it. Um Yeah, so and then it's going to be like 70 here tomorrow I think. So um At least that's nice. I think it's supposed to be like okay, this weekend, It's 33 and snowing right now Inside There, it's gonna be 58 so
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I think Saturday is going to be our lowest, like we're supposed to drop into the 40s overnight and it's gonna be 60 during the day and of course it's trick or treating so and my daughter decided to be a mermaid then, so it's like a strap, a strapless little dress outfit and I'm like, how am I going to finagle this to make it warmer?
SPEAKER_L: You can tell her she's like an arctic ocean remain. Just wear a coat. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, our town is like, you have to put a sign up in the window if you're handing out candy. It's very weird. Like just don't do it or do it. It's like, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Usually you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: turn on the lights or you turn your lights off if you're not participating.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think it's harder to because it's saturday and like, which I feel, I mean, I know it's been on a saturday in at least six or seven years. But um it's a little easier during the day. I wouldn't like or like in the afternoon, you know, if people are home or not. But yeah, there's people here that are taking like PVC pipe and putting it on the railing so they can like shoot handed
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: down.
SPEAKER_R: can? T shoot. Yeah. There's a lot of things there's actually, I think I've seen on the news last night that there's actually like a company here that's making them for anybody who just wants to come and get it so that they
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: participate
SPEAKER_L: rest.
SPEAKER_R: safely and trigger treating and handing out candy.
SPEAKER_L: I was, I was going to say, oh, somebody's making money, but that's nice. I'm gonna see someone doing it for free for the kids. Yeah. So I don't know we're buying candy either way, but we might just be eating it. I don't even know if a lot of kids are going to be on our block this year.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nobody in our like we live in the college neighborhood. I live right near east east Carolina University. So like most of the people that live around us as college students, there's a few families with Children, but mostly all the kids go to another neighborhood to participate because not many people here actually hand out candy. And so the one that we usually go to and I'm hoping that they, they were like kind of enabled it to where they can participate. But the neighborhood we go to is typically rich elderly. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: that's true. That's a full size candy bars or the toothbrushes defending.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if they're going to end up like just having it pre bag set on the table so they don't have to come close to us with them being elderly and more at risk or if a lot of them are aren't going to participate and just have decorations and I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When I was a kid, we didn't go much because my mom was really religious, but like a couple of times um I feel like the trunk or treat so they don't have like devil stuff. I don't know. I just went to the mall and did that. Um and then I worked at the mall and I was older and that was always fun to see the kids come around. Um Another thing is just so weird this year and I saw Macy's isn't going to have santa in the stores.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. I was
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: thinking
SPEAKER_L: don't even think
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: about that.
SPEAKER_R: I've seen this thing like on the news last night again, but I think it was like in the UK or Netherlands or something and it was like, it had a broadcast to santa talking about how christmas wasn't canceled, but how he wasn't going to be coming around and seeing the
SPEAKER_L: Coming
SPEAKER_R: Children.
SPEAKER_L: sad.
SPEAKER_R: But I don't know if that's like just in the Netherlands or overseas or if they're also going to that's like,
SPEAKER_L: It was really sad.
SPEAKER_R: well, flies
SPEAKER_L: I didn't even
SPEAKER_R: are,
SPEAKER_L: think about that until I saw that story and I was like, all right, that's not happening.
SPEAKER_R: and I know there are some places that are doing like zoom meetings with santa,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's funny.
SPEAKER_R: so, but I mean most most of the santas are elderly, so I can't understand.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Let's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: get a bunch of teenagers to put on fat suits into santa. Um But even though I'm like still parents gathering and stuff, so who knows? Yeah, currently thought about that. Yeah. My um my sister, the kids are, they like kind of picking out costumes. She's like, I don't know what we're doing. I think she's going to go like a church thing where they do like the parking lot thing and, and people are mass and stuff hey. But my youngest nephew, the one who's also in first grade, he wanted to be santa and she's like, I don't like why? So I was like just blue punch combos on something and put it on his face and have more red t shirt, like, I don't know what else to do with the french, so I'm not buying santa c. Um
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: And he like just decided this like yesterday. So um Yeah, counts being early on.
SPEAKER_R: I've got a baby lizard crawling on the wall next to me, I don't know if you can see him.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. So. Oh, I see it. Yeah. Alright. So
SPEAKER_R: That's what I keep looking at, like the other oh and okay. Uh One of the lizard's got ended up getting in her house and my daughter went in and then I came in
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: shortly
SPEAKER_L: get it.
SPEAKER_R: behind her and I walk in and she's got the one our one cat scooped up in her arms and she's shoeing the other cat away and I'm like, what did they get in a fight because they're always fighting, One's really cold and one's a kit and still and so I thought they just got in a fight and she was trying to get separate them. And next thing she started
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: there was
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: a lizard. There was a lizard like hanging out of his
SPEAKER_L: stop
SPEAKER_R: mouth and he
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: she takes the kitten and throw, tosses them into her bedroom, slams the door. So I'm searching the living room for a lizard. Sure enough, I found it and it was a little baby. One probably about this big, I was able to scoop them up in my hands and get him outside and put them back into the bush, push freaked out when she saw the lizard hanging out of his mouth. And I was like, oh my God,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah, that's a lot to see. But she saved everybody, so that's good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, she loves animals except
SPEAKER_L: Oscar.
SPEAKER_R: spiders. She's not big on spiders.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I'm not either but then I remind myself what they eat. The really gross bugs. I believe. The flies like whatever. I'm like I'd rather have a spider than like three flies. Yes Inside. Um Yeah he's my grandpa and dad was talking about he wanted to get um an exterminator out because he's like there's spiders all over the garage and I was like yeah you're gonna have a different bug problem if you get rid of the spider because I was like thinking about all the bugs that aren't there because of the spiders. Um Yeah he's in Tennessee too so. No.
SPEAKER_R: there's there's actually several lizards that we have living out outside in our bushes and whatnot. And there's one he'll sit on our little chair and you like you can sit or stand really close to him and just watch them and you know, he'll sit there and like do his little head bob and then she'll catch the flies and sit there and eat them and you can sit there
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: and talk
SPEAKER_L: so funny.
SPEAKER_R: to her. It's interesting to watch. It's not something to see all the time. It's usually they go away.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We don't have losers up here. We have squirrels and rabbits. And then there's been a chipmunk that's been around this fall the summer and fall. That's really cute. I got thinking it was a baby scroll but it didn't get any bigger and I was like it's really cute. It ran out of the garage one day. I can go under all the cracks because it's so tiny. Um And then all the squirrels have been eating really well because of all the squash and pumpkin outside, they've just been like tearing them apart. It's great. It's hilarious that the people like Star keep getting mad um because they were like decorating them and then the squirrels are eating and I was like don't even bother decorating this, you know like just thinking right through it. Um Yeah, like some other plants are still blooming and it's snowing on them, it's so weird.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Here we got um turtles. And that's one thing my daughter loves saving. We um driving down the road, she sees a turtle and she's like, oh my god, mom stop and I'm having to stop in the middle of traffic putting on my hazard. So I get out of the car, get grabbed the turtle and cross them over the road so you don't get squished.
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: Then there was this one,
SPEAKER_L: sweet.
SPEAKER_R: she was it was raining really hard outside so she was she had looked at the back door and there was this little baby turtle crawling in towards our like that gated area
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness,
SPEAKER_R: and so she went out there and picked him up and took him back and stuck them back closer to the woods. And then Like two months later we were cleaning out our backed fenced area and there was that same turtle. So he apparently got back in and just had been chilling in our back area for months. So we went and we picked him up, put him in a container and took him down to the river because we live like two blocks from the river and we released them down there. So
SPEAKER_L: I'm scared.
SPEAKER_R: but she loves saving any animals. She can.
SPEAKER_L: So the animals know that she's there. She's like
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: spoil them. My friend had, my friend is also a dog groomer and my dog desperately needed a haircut, like around like june um And so I asked so she'd gotten her stuff
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: set up at home and I just like hanging out on the porch while she's grooming them. Her husband comes running out with like a laundry basket and there was a baby possum in it. They found it in the laundry room and you just like, let it go in the front yard. And their younger daughter, she's in the first quarter of second grade. She's like, no, she's cute. She's laying there like, we cannot keep the possum. But then, so they thought they were like, all the back doors open, It must have gotten into that way. But then they close the door, she talks simulator that night was like a tear again and the door is closed. Like they're getting into like, it got into the laundry room and then the next day she's like there's two of them, there were two babies. So up until
SPEAKER_R: me?
SPEAKER_L: like, Oh no it was like 4th of July that I was there. I think so. She called the rescue and she's like what do I do? And I'm like well when they get a little bit bigger they'll they'll figure it out like they'll go where they need to go. Um And if they don't like we can come help like re home them or whatever, like take them because she was really close a bunch of forests um The calm forest preserves here. But I don't think it's called that way that in other places I think just because of development they've called and preserves and now you can't build on them. Um They built trails and stuff. She's really close to those and now like I think like a week ago one was still coming um but the other one hadn't stopped showing up but yeah, it's just got to send me pictures of possum on our couch and a blanket, like if you're a guy just grabbed to the blanket, took it outside, I'll see you tomorrow, They're really cute, but I was like when they get bigger they get a little not as cute. Um Especially like when you would not lights getting their eyes on the road. Yeah, they're super cute. Um Yeah so she had a nice little possum summer with them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we've saved a possum to it. Um It was a baby possum and like there was one year where we had a hurricane and flood the river flooded and so apparently the possum got inside the trash can somehow, and I guess when the water receded it could not get out of the trash and so we sat there and we went to go throw something in this trash can and all of a sudden here my daughter sees this little possum and so we're sitting there trying to figure out how are we going to get this possum out eventually we just dump the whole trash can over two so scurry off, but she wanted to keep them. I know she wanted to keep turtle, she wouldn't pause from no.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was the same with my friend, I was like no matter how many animals you have inside, like you're going to want more and I was like in the animals need to have sucker, that's why they keep coming into your laundry room because you're like they keep on. Um But obviously she wasn't yet because they've got a dog and three cats, a guinea pig on some snails. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know we got two cats, that's all we got right now. We had we raised some butterfly little caterpillars
SPEAKER_L: I'm cute.
SPEAKER_R: but um well the painted lady butterflies, we ordered
SPEAKER_L: Pretty.
SPEAKER_R: a little kit and then right after we released those we ended up finding a luna moth caterpillar and so we brought it home And I mean it was huge, its wingspan was probably about four wide. Um So yeah it was super big, it was really pretty but apparently they don't eat or anything. They're only purpose is to recreate. So once they're there they hatch they go off, they recreate and they die within a week. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I do not have contacts in times. Yeah, we have two cats because my mother in law had to move back here from Arizona, she's lived there for years and she had to stay with a friend who can't have cats. Um So they are still not in the same room, it's been like almost three months. Um Just keep switching them every week because like the last time we tried to let them out together, it was like a really scary fight. Um He still got like a little bump on his nose, he's the jerk, he's the one we've had for a while and she's fine. Um She's just super nervous and weird but okay. Um Yeah, I don't know when they're probably by the time they get used to each other she'll be like I'm moving, I want a cat back.
SPEAKER_R: Its facilities
SPEAKER_L: Um and the dog is blind. Um So it doesn't really wasn't really bothered by anything. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: older cat we think it is going blind, he'll sit there and like just like you'll have a treat or something in your hand, he's sitting there like sniffing all over the place trying to find it and it's like you can't find it. Um
SPEAKER_L: That's,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: our
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: dog
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: is like in front of you.
SPEAKER_R: he was we found him in sonic his name sonic. We found him in sonic parking lot eating tater tots. He had been, you could fit them in the palm of your hand. He had
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: been thrown
SPEAKER_L: a cat after
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: my own
SPEAKER_R: of the
SPEAKER_L: heart.
SPEAKER_R: car and so we had to nurse him back to health. Like his bones and everything were showing. And so he's the oldest that we have and then the kitten. Well he'll be too I think in the and no, Yeah two in June I think we found him in our neighbor's bushes when he was six months old. He had been abandoned and we posted on like lost and found sites and whatnot. But nobody claimed him. So he kept
SPEAKER_L: This guy
SPEAKER_R: in.
SPEAKER_L: is this guy, Loki. He's nine. We found him on the street. I was going to a party and he was like following my friend, she's like these cats and following me for free box and it's like yelling at me. Um So then I was like well we need to get him somewhere. And I've never I had never had a cat. Like I was raped. My mom hates cats. My grandma hates cats. I don't know why I've never had them. Um So I called my husband and I was like, can you just take him home? And like we had our other or previous dog then who is old and crabby And we got the kid and then he was like skin and bones and yeah, I put a boston file, but I was like someone left you. But we think he got separated from his mom too soon. That's why it's kind of a jerk. Um Yeah, it's great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, ours is a bully cat kitten that we found. He was he's a bully towards the older one.
SPEAKER_L: You're a bully to me. Stop. It sort of ate lunch in like an hour. So they're already like, what's going on? Don't do that girl.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, the kitten, he's like, he acts like a parakeet sometimes. Like he'll literally client like I'll be standing and he'll literally latch onto my back and climb up my back so he can perch on my shoulders and he just sits there. I
SPEAKER_L: what's
SPEAKER_R: can walk
SPEAKER_L: that cat's
SPEAKER_R: around
SPEAKER_L: name?
SPEAKER_R: the house and everything. We call them goofball because
SPEAKER_L: Okay. You're
SPEAKER_R: he is very goofy. Like we'll find him on top of the cabinets, in the kitchen, climbed up shoulders. I mean he's all over the place. He's definitely a wildcat.
SPEAKER_L: It's funny. Yeah. Yeah. He's just pacing around like what is the time? Yeah, So it's been fun being, I mean it's not fun, but like I think it's fun for them as being home because my husband got laid off in like the beginning of april this company just like stopped existing shut down. Um So that's been fine. Um We're finding ways to not be around each other all day. Um Like he's sleeping right now, so Yeah. Yeah. I think the animals, they're probably a little too attached to us by now because we're just here all the time. I was like effect upon the office again. Like okay, I get weird.
SPEAKER_R: Home in the house, the Torah. I'm here. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Or they'll just sleep all day and nothing will be different. Who knows? Yeah. So when do you start your new job or did you start already?
SPEAKER_R: I do try start online training tomorrow and Wednesday, but I'll physically start on the second because like the way it works is like we're in store, the first week, second week in third week and then the last week of the month we go to storage and sort all our marketing materials and stuff and get ready for the next month. So I'll just do the regular training since they're just going to be doing storage stuff this week. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's time. Yeah. I felt like I was always like, I could like, I could go back to retail at any time. Like I was I liked it. I was good at it, but I was like, I feel like people are meaner now, especially with the mask stuff. Like I feel like people are just very quick to anger right now. Um So any time I go somewhere, I'm just like really nice. Like I don't need me saying I'm fine, I want to bother anybody. Um Because I just, I feel for them and I see these videos online. I know it's just because the videos are online and like that's not the general public and like, I think most people are acting okay, but um I see those videos and I'm like, nobody's getting paid enough to deal with this shit like at all. Um
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: and like everyone's going through this collective trauma and then people are treated importantly and just, yeah, it just sucks. Um,
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: but I have good, I have good feelings about your job. It's gonna be great. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Um, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I don't, I don't know. Hopefully the year will end. Okay. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I'll still be alive. No. Um, yeah. Do you have family
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: close by?
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: Like, are you from north Carolina?
SPEAKER_R: my mom, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: My my father passed away when I was 21, but my mom is still around.
SPEAKER_L: Come on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I grew up around here, so my mom and dad are divorced, but they both live like within an hour of me. Um, and my sister moved on Tennessee to go to school. Then she met a guy and I had a baby, so she's there now for her. Yeah, I'm a circuit. I usually go for thanksgiving. Um, but I just don't think Because my Grandma's 90, um, my uncle is 70 and like, it's about to get a kidney transplant. I was like, I don't think anybody should be hosting meals right now with the immune systems compromised. So, um, it sucks because I wish I could just like, go out global, like drive in the front yard and like see her. But I'd have to get pretty weird to do that. Maybe, maybe next year if we're still in this, I'll drive down there to stand on her front yard for a day.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Get like a tent camp. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: And Angela's living outside. Mhm. Sir, vacation. Yeah. Well, I think we hit 25, right? Yeah. Really? 29. I don't want to keep you too long, but Thanks for spending time with me and make any of the 20 bucks, right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's way more than the usual ones, but this has been nice to fill the time and talk to somebody that doesn't live in my house. Okay. Okay. Well, good luck
SPEAKER_R: and good luck to you.
SPEAKER_L: to you and your daughter. Hope you have a great rest your day.
SPEAKER_R: You too.