I can't hear you. Can you hear me? Okay? I can hear you now.
All
I'm good.
Okay. I'm Shelly
Um I've tried but my person never showed up, so this is like my third attempt. Mm.
So yeah,
I'm
in north Carolina.
Is it cold up there? Yeah,
wow, it's hot. Yeah, it's like in the 70s.
Trump.
What?
I got a job, I graduated back in May and with the whole pandemic thing, it's been hard to try to find
a job in my position, which is social work. Um It's and like I really wanted to work with Children or the elderly, which they're kind of like trying to keep us away from right now. Um So I was able to get a part time job just doing like a
retail advertising type position, so it's better than nothing. Yeah.
I have a six year old daughter.
She is in 1st grade.
she barely
made the cut off, she was July 29. So she was like three weeks away from the cut off, she was able to make it.
Um They started out alternating weeks. Um So like they had week A students and we'd be students and like we k we go in person while we be was virtual and then the next week we'll be would be in person while a week a was virtual. But the governor allowed this K. Through five to go back full time. If the the districts were comfortable with it, the districts could stay with the week on week off or um move to week at our plan A which is full in person just for k. Through five, middle school and high school still has to do the alternating weeks or fully virtual. Um But so she was able to go back
fully
except for Mondays, they do virtual on monday, so they're able to have more planning and catch up time for the teachers.
Yeah. When they first canceled
school,
yeah when they first canceled school, I was actually in my internship placement which also went virtual or remote, so I was having to do my internship from home while also teaching my daughter from home.
And
it but luckily like the supervisor I had, she knew that I had a daughter and I had worked with her previously and whatnot. So she was really flexible with me, like I even worked on the weekends to ensure that I got still got all my hours in
and so she was really flexible about it, so.
I have not been able to handle the cold as I've gotten older, like I used to be the one that's like out there for hours and my daughter's like I'm freezing and now she's the one that doesn't want to go inside and I'm like five minutes later, I'm like, I got to go inside, it's too cold, It is not even snowing, it's only like 40° or 50° out
and
I'm freezing.
Yes, I think Saturday is going to be our lowest, like we're supposed to drop into the 40s overnight and it's gonna be 60 during the day and of course it's trick or treating so and my daughter decided to be a mermaid then, so it's like a strap, a strapless little dress outfit and I'm like, how am I going to finagle this to make it warmer?
Yeah.
Usually you
just
turn on the lights or you turn your lights off if you're not participating.
I
can? T shoot. Yeah. There's a lot of things there's actually, I think I've seen on the news last night that there's actually like a company here that's making them for anybody who just wants to come and get it so that they
can
participate
safely and trigger treating and handing out candy.
Yeah. Nobody in our like we live in the college neighborhood. I live right near east east Carolina University. So like most of the people that live around us as college students, there's a few families with Children, but mostly all the kids go to another neighborhood to participate because not many people here actually hand out candy. And so the one that we usually go to and I'm hoping that they, they were like kind of enabled it to where they can participate. But the neighborhood we go to is typically rich elderly. Yeah. So
I don't know if they're going to end up like just having it pre bag set on the table so they don't have to come close to us with them being elderly and more at risk or if a lot of them are aren't going to participate and just have decorations and I don't know.
Okay. Yeah. I was
thinking
like,
I've seen this thing like on the news last night again, but I think it was like in the UK or Netherlands or something and it was like, it had a broadcast to santa talking about how christmas wasn't canceled, but how he wasn't going to be coming around and seeing the
Children.
But I don't know if that's like just in the Netherlands or overseas or if they're also going to that's like,
well, flies
are,
and I know there are some places that are doing like zoom meetings with santa,
so, but I mean most most of the santas are elderly, so I can't understand.
I
mm.
I've got a baby lizard crawling on the wall next to me, I don't know if you can see him.
That's what I keep looking at, like the other oh and okay. Uh One of the lizard's got ended up getting in her house and my daughter went in and then I came in
shortly
behind her and I walk in and she's got the one our one cat scooped up in her arms and she's shoeing the other cat away and I'm like, what did they get in a fight because they're always fighting, One's really cold and one's a kit and still and so I thought they just got in a fight and she was trying to get separate them. And next thing she started
there was
a lizard. There was a lizard like hanging out of his
mouth and he
she takes the kitten and throw, tosses them into her bedroom, slams the door. So I'm searching the living room for a lizard. Sure enough, I found it and it was a little baby. One probably about this big, I was able to scoop them up in my hands and get him outside and put them back into the bush, push freaked out when she saw the lizard hanging out of his mouth. And I was like, oh my God,
yeah, she loves animals except
spiders. She's not big on spiders.
there's there's actually several lizards that we have living out outside in our bushes and whatnot. And there's one he'll sit on our little chair and you like you can sit or stand really close to him and just watch them and you know, he'll sit there and like do his little head bob and then she'll catch the flies and sit there and eat them and you can sit there
and talk
to her. It's interesting to watch. It's not something to see all the time. It's usually they go away.
yeah. Here we got um turtles. And that's one thing my daughter loves saving. We um driving down the road, she sees a turtle and she's like, oh my god, mom stop and I'm having to stop in the middle of traffic putting on my hazard. So I get out of the car, get grabbed the turtle and cross them over the road so you don't get squished.
Then there was this one,
she was it was raining really hard outside so she was she had looked at the back door and there was this little baby turtle crawling in towards our like that gated area
and so she went out there and picked him up and took him back and stuck them back closer to the woods. And then Like two months later we were cleaning out our backed fenced area and there was that same turtle. So he apparently got back in and just had been chilling in our back area for months. So we went and we picked him up, put him in a container and took him down to the river because we live like two blocks from the river and we released them down there. So
but she loves saving any animals. She can.
No
thanks.
me?
Yeah, we've saved a possum to it. Um It was a baby possum and like there was one year where we had a hurricane and flood the river flooded and so apparently the possum got inside the trash can somehow, and I guess when the water receded it could not get out of the trash and so we sat there and we went to go throw something in this trash can and all of a sudden here my daughter sees this little possum and so we're sitting there trying to figure out how are we going to get this possum out eventually we just dump the whole trash can over two so scurry off, but she wanted to keep them. I know she wanted to keep turtle, she wouldn't pause from no.
You know we got two cats, that's all we got right now. We had we raised some butterfly little caterpillars
but um well the painted lady butterflies, we ordered
a little kit and then right after we released those we ended up finding a luna moth caterpillar and so we brought it home And I mean it was huge, its wingspan was probably about four wide. Um So yeah it was super big, it was really pretty but apparently they don't eat or anything. They're only purpose is to recreate. So once they're there they hatch they go off, they recreate and they die within a week. Yeah.
Its facilities
older cat we think it is going blind, he'll sit there and like just like you'll have a treat or something in your hand, he's sitting there like sniffing all over the place trying to find it and it's like you can't find it. Um
But
he
was
he was we found him in sonic his name sonic. We found him in sonic parking lot eating tater tots. He had been, you could fit them in the palm of your hand. He had
been thrown
out
of the
car and so we had to nurse him back to health. Like his bones and everything were showing. And so he's the oldest that we have and then the kitten. Well he'll be too I think in the and no, Yeah two in June I think we found him in our neighbor's bushes when he was six months old. He had been abandoned and we posted on like lost and found sites and whatnot. But nobody claimed him. So he kept
in.
Yeah, ours is a bully cat kitten that we found. He was he's a bully towards the older one.
But yeah, the kitten, he's like, he acts like a parakeet sometimes. Like he'll literally client like I'll be standing and he'll literally latch onto my back and climb up my back so he can perch on my shoulders and he just sits there. I
can walk
around
the house and everything. We call them goofball because
he is very goofy. Like we'll find him on top of the cabinets, in the kitchen, climbed up shoulders. I mean he's all over the place. He's definitely a wildcat.
Home in the house, the Torah. I'm here. Uh huh.
I do try start online training tomorrow and Wednesday, but I'll physically start on the second because like the way it works is like we're in store, the first week, second week in third week and then the last week of the month we go to storage and sort all our marketing materials and stuff and get ready for the next month. So I'll just do the regular training since they're just going to be doing storage stuff this week. So
Uh
It's
Well,
and
What?
Well,
my mom, yeah,
My my father passed away when I was 21, but my mom is still around.
What?
Uh huh. Get like a tent camp. Uh huh.
Yeah.
and good luck to you.
You too.