You know? Okay. Cool.
Hi, how are you
scott?
So I'm Angela. Sorry. Mhm. Have you done these before with the video chats?
Okay. Let's
Where are you located? Like what state? You know? I'm telling me like exactly
where?
Okay. I'm in Illinois just outside Chicago.
it's snow this morning.
Oh, that's nice. Yeah, my sister's in northeast Tennessee, so she want to involve
the north Carolina. Um, Yeah. And I told her yesterday because we've been going for walks together like
on facetime and I was like, I have to do my inside now. No, like, yeah. Um, so yeah, what's, what's new with you? What's fun?
Well,
it's great.
It's hard too because obviously like you got a job, you want to help people and I can't help nobody right now. Um, I work in accounting, but for live music, so there's not much going on. Um, and they're selling our company currently to someone else but supposedly will be okay. Just really thankful and feel kind of guilty that I still have a job when there's like not a lot of money coming in. Um Yeah, I've been able to work from home, which is great, but also I just want to watch tv and sleep all day. I don't know, very much self control. Um Yeah. Do you live alone or do you live with other people or family?
I'm sorry. Is she in kindergarten? Them
First grade. Okay. Yeah. My nephews in first grade two. First
primary.
Is she going into school? She at home?
Of
long
and scribe. Yeah. That's got to be tough finding a job to working around that. Yeah. My sister had three columns in March to the end of the year. And like who, how did you do
like even more and I
don't know how to do it.
Very guy
on.
Where are
Yeah, it's so tough. Yeah, I just I love my husband and two cats and a dog and then um we have, we run an apartment above a friend's house, that's that friend and then his mom moved in downstairs, so I'm lucky that like I have space so it can be by myself, but I can also be around other people. Um He's been taught because a lot of friends just aren't going out as much, or I don't trust them as I'm not trust, I just they're seeing more people than like I'm comfortable with and like I'm older than them, so um yeah, it's just been kind of rough and now that it's getting cold um I went to a friend's backyard on saturday. She put up like a sheet on the on her back wall, like the garage wall and it's got like a little projector, we're watching movies but we all chairs like six ft apart and then we all have like double layers of clothes on and then blanket, I'm like this is what we're doing this winter I guess. Like It got down to like 35 on Saturday and I was like, I don't know if I like I need to go, it was like 9:30 and I was like I need to go home to cool. Um
that's
so
yeah, that's still pretty cold to be out if you're not used to it. Um Yeah, so and then it's going to be like 70 here tomorrow I think. So um At least that's nice. I think it's supposed to be like okay, this weekend, It's 33 and snowing right now Inside There, it's gonna be 58 so
You can tell her she's like an arctic ocean remain. Just wear a coat. Yeah.
Uh Yeah, our town is like, you have to put a sign up in the window if you're handing out candy. It's very weird. Like just don't do it or do it. It's like, yeah,
I
don't
Yeah. I think it's harder to because it's saturday and like, which I feel, I mean, I know it's been on a saturday in at least six or seven years. But um it's a little easier during the day. I wouldn't like or like in the afternoon, you know, if people are home or not. But yeah, there's people here that are taking like PVC pipe and putting it on the railing so they can like shoot handed
down.
That's
some
rest.
I was, I was going to say, oh, somebody's making money, but that's nice. I'm gonna see someone doing it for free for the kids. Yeah. So I don't know we're buying candy either way, but we might just be eating it. I don't even know if a lot of kids are going to be on our block this year.
that's true. That's a full size candy bars or the toothbrushes defending.
Yeah. When I was a kid, we didn't go much because my mom was really religious, but like a couple of times um I feel like the trunk or treat so they don't have like devil stuff. I don't know. I just went to the mall and did that. Um and then I worked at the mall and I was older and that was always fun to see the kids come around. Um Another thing is just so weird this year and I saw Macy's isn't going to have santa in the stores.
I
don't even think
about that.
Coming
sad.
It was really sad.
I didn't even
think about that until I saw that story and I was like, all right, that's not happening.
Oh, that's funny.
Yeah. Let's
get a bunch of teenagers to put on fat suits into santa. Um But even though I'm like still parents gathering and stuff, so who knows? Yeah, currently thought about that. Yeah. My um my sister, the kids are, they like kind of picking out costumes. She's like, I don't know what we're doing. I think she's going to go like a church thing where they do like the parking lot thing and, and people are mass and stuff hey. But my youngest nephew, the one who's also in first grade, he wanted to be santa and she's like, I don't like why? So I was like just blue punch combos on something and put it on his face and have more red t shirt, like, I don't know what else to do with the french, so I'm not buying santa c. Um
And he like just decided this like yesterday. So um Yeah, counts being early on.
Thanks. So. Oh, I see it. Yeah. Alright. So
I'll
get it.
Hey,
what?
stop
that.
yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah, that's a lot to see. But she saved everybody, so that's good.
Oscar.
Yeah, I I'm not either but then I remind myself what they eat. The really gross bugs. I believe. The flies like whatever. I'm like I'd rather have a spider than like three flies. Yes Inside. Um Yeah he's my grandpa and dad was talking about he wanted to get um an exterminator out because he's like there's spiders all over the garage and I was like yeah you're gonna have a different bug problem if you get rid of the spider because I was like thinking about all the bugs that aren't there because of the spiders. Um Yeah he's in Tennessee too so. No.
that's
so funny.
Yeah. We don't have losers up here. We have squirrels and rabbits. And then there's been a chipmunk that's been around this fall the summer and fall. That's really cute. I got thinking it was a baby scroll but it didn't get any bigger and I was like it's really cute. It ran out of the garage one day. I can go under all the cracks because it's so tiny. Um And then all the squirrels have been eating really well because of all the squash and pumpkin outside, they've just been like tearing them apart. It's great. It's hilarious that the people like Star keep getting mad um because they were like decorating them and then the squirrels are eating and I was like don't even bother decorating this, you know like just thinking right through it. Um Yeah, like some other plants are still blooming and it's snowing on them, it's so weird.
go
sweet.
Oh my goodness,
I'm scared.
So the animals know that she's there. She's like
spoil them. My friend had, my friend is also a dog groomer and my dog desperately needed a haircut, like around like june um And so I asked so she'd gotten her stuff
set up at home and I just like hanging out on the porch while she's grooming them. Her husband comes running out with like a laundry basket and there was a baby possum in it. They found it in the laundry room and you just like, let it go in the front yard. And their younger daughter, she's in the first quarter of second grade. She's like, no, she's cute. She's laying there like, we cannot keep the possum. But then, so they thought they were like, all the back doors open, It must have gotten into that way. But then they close the door, she talks simulator that night was like a tear again and the door is closed. Like they're getting into like, it got into the laundry room and then the next day she's like there's two of them, there were two babies. So up until
like, Oh no it was like 4th of July that I was there. I think so. She called the rescue and she's like what do I do? And I'm like well when they get a little bit bigger they'll they'll figure it out like they'll go where they need to go. Um And if they don't like we can come help like re home them or whatever, like take them because she was really close a bunch of forests um The calm forest preserves here. But I don't think it's called that way that in other places I think just because of development they've called and preserves and now you can't build on them. Um They built trails and stuff. She's really close to those and now like I think like a week ago one was still coming um but the other one hadn't stopped showing up but yeah, it's just got to send me pictures of possum on our couch and a blanket, like if you're a guy just grabbed to the blanket, took it outside, I'll see you tomorrow, They're really cute, but I was like when they get bigger they get a little not as cute. Um Especially like when you would not lights getting their eyes on the road. Yeah, they're super cute. Um Yeah so she had a nice little possum summer with them.
Yeah, I was the same with my friend, I was like no matter how many animals you have inside, like you're going to want more and I was like in the animals need to have sucker, that's why they keep coming into your laundry room because you're like they keep on. Um But obviously she wasn't yet because they've got a dog and three cats, a guinea pig on some snails. Yeah.
I'm cute.
Pretty.
I do not have contacts in times. Yeah, we have two cats because my mother in law had to move back here from Arizona, she's lived there for years and she had to stay with a friend who can't have cats. Um So they are still not in the same room, it's been like almost three months. Um Just keep switching them every week because like the last time we tried to let them out together, it was like a really scary fight. Um He still got like a little bump on his nose, he's the jerk, he's the one we've had for a while and she's fine. Um She's just super nervous and weird but okay. Um Yeah, I don't know when they're probably by the time they get used to each other she'll be like I'm moving, I want a cat back.
Um and the dog is blind. Um So it doesn't really wasn't really bothered by anything. Um Yeah.
That's,
our
dog
is like in front of you.
that's
a cat after
my own
heart.
This guy
is this guy, Loki. He's nine. We found him on the street. I was going to a party and he was like following my friend, she's like these cats and following me for free box and it's like yelling at me. Um So then I was like well we need to get him somewhere. And I've never I had never had a cat. Like I was raped. My mom hates cats. My grandma hates cats. I don't know why I've never had them. Um So I called my husband and I was like, can you just take him home? And like we had our other or previous dog then who is old and crabby And we got the kid and then he was like skin and bones and yeah, I put a boston file, but I was like someone left you. But we think he got separated from his mom too soon. That's why it's kind of a jerk. Um Yeah, it's great.
You're a bully to me. Stop. It sort of ate lunch in like an hour. So they're already like, what's going on? Don't do that girl.
what's
that cat's
name?
Okay. You're
It's funny. Yeah. Yeah. He's just pacing around like what is the time? Yeah, So it's been fun being, I mean it's not fun, but like I think it's fun for them as being home because my husband got laid off in like the beginning of april this company just like stopped existing shut down. Um So that's been fine. Um We're finding ways to not be around each other all day. Um Like he's sleeping right now, so Yeah. Yeah. I think the animals, they're probably a little too attached to us by now because we're just here all the time. I was like effect upon the office again. Like okay, I get weird.
Or they'll just sleep all day and nothing will be different. Who knows? Yeah. So when do you start your new job or did you start already?
Yeah, that's time. Yeah. I felt like I was always like, I could like, I could go back to retail at any time. Like I was I liked it. I was good at it, but I was like, I feel like people are meaner now, especially with the mask stuff. Like I feel like people are just very quick to anger right now. Um So any time I go somewhere, I'm just like really nice. Like I don't need me saying I'm fine, I want to bother anybody. Um Because I just, I feel for them and I see these videos online. I know it's just because the videos are online and like that's not the general public and like, I think most people are acting okay, but um I see those videos and I'm like, nobody's getting paid enough to deal with this shit like at all. Um
and like everyone's going through this collective trauma and then people are treated importantly and just, yeah, it just sucks. Um,
but I have good, I have good feelings about your job. It's gonna be great. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Um, yeah,
I don't, I don't know. Hopefully the year will end. Okay. I don't know.
I'll still be alive. No. Um, yeah. Do you have family
close by?
Like, are you from north Carolina?
Yeah.
Come on. Yeah.
Yeah. I grew up around here, so my mom and dad are divorced, but they both live like within an hour of me. Um, and my sister moved on Tennessee to go to school. Then she met a guy and I had a baby, so she's there now for her. Yeah, I'm a circuit. I usually go for thanksgiving. Um, but I just don't think Because my Grandma's 90, um, my uncle is 70 and like, it's about to get a kidney transplant. I was like, I don't think anybody should be hosting meals right now with the immune systems compromised. So, um, it sucks because I wish I could just like, go out global, like drive in the front yard and like see her. But I'd have to get pretty weird to do that. Maybe, maybe next year if we're still in this, I'll drive down there to stand on her front yard for a day.
And Angela's living outside. Mhm. Sir, vacation. Yeah. Well, I think we hit 25, right? Yeah. Really? 29. I don't want to keep you too long, but Thanks for spending time with me and make any of the 20 bucks, right? Yeah.
It's way more than the usual ones, but this has been nice to fill the time and talk to somebody that doesn't live in my house. Okay. Okay. Well, good luck
to you and your daughter. Hope you have a great rest your day.