SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: you hear me okay?
SPEAKER_L: Perfect.
SPEAKER_R: Okay good because I had I tried this about a week ago and I had internet problems so my upload speed was too slow but I could hear the other person just fine so I had to call a technician out and get the my internet fixed.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: glad it's working now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I am too
SPEAKER_L: I also did a week ago, but my partner never showed up, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think actually
SPEAKER_L: copy
SPEAKER_R: actually my
SPEAKER_L: two.
SPEAKER_R: conversation was two weeks ago
SPEAKER_L: She?
SPEAKER_R: and we had to use signs, we were holding up signs and then a week later I got it rescheduled but the person never showed up and now here I am. So I'm glad that you showed up. So
SPEAKER_L: Likewise,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so what state are you and if you don't mind me asking
SPEAKER_L: florida.
SPEAKER_R: florida, okay, I'm in Ohio. So yeah and I was a little bit worried that I wasn't going to be like come on today because we just had a thunderstorm, a severe thunderstorm come through this area just about 15 minutes ago so but it's moved off now so I think It's been very hot here lately
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: about 95°
SPEAKER_L: was what can
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it's supposed to cool down
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: after this front moves through so that'll be nice. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. It was raining a little bit earlier today, but still hot. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So um how long have you lived in florida?
SPEAKER_L: Uh basically pretty much my entire life.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I've lived in? Ohio pretty much my entire life to and how long have you been a
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: member
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: of prolific if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_L: I think maybe since 2016,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I believe.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. I joined it in november of last year so and it's been very prolific you know in terms of making money. I think it's one of my best survey sites that I use, so.
SPEAKER_L: It's it's the most painless one anyway. They don't give you a hard time than anything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It seems like it has, you know, I like the fact that the surveys come in that you are eligible for because there's a lot of survey sites where you take a survey and it's like oh well you're not the right demographic or
SPEAKER_L: Just or
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: I ask
SPEAKER_R: sort
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: of thing.
SPEAKER_L: a bunch of questions for like 10 minutes or 15 minutes and they're like, oh, well, we don't need you. It's like, okay, thanks for uh thanks, thanks.
SPEAKER_R: it's been good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: 16. And I like uh
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: sorry, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Oh go ahead. Go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I said I like the fact that the surveys are kind of like, you know, uh involved with research, so you're kind of helping out the world a little bit. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever looked at maybe any of the published research any on any of the things that you've done? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: really. Mostly because I'm in grad school myself, so I'm already tired of reading research all the time anyway.
SPEAKER_R: What's your what's your what are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in electrical engineering, but uh specifically we're working with data using our data involving cancer and how to, you know, analyze it and understand it for benefits for doctors and stuff like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: How is your academic life being affected by the coronavirus right now?
SPEAKER_L: Um basically, well, the campus has been shut down so everything is just just feels a little slower, you know what I mean? Like everyone
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: still like keeping in touch and a lot of the stuff we do is, you know, we can do from home and stuff like that, but you know, it just feels a little bit more lazy and just basically like conferences and stuff have been pretty much delayed.
SPEAKER_R: Online. Yeah. Yeah. I read something in the newspaper about that and a lot of companies are going to have a sizable even after things open up or we even have a vaccine. A lot of companies are planning to make a certain percentage pretty high percentage. At least a quarter
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: of their workforce is going to be you
SPEAKER_L: the truth.
SPEAKER_R: know, from home. And I always kind of wondered why that didn't happen, you know, long before that, because I remember of course I'm older than you, I'm in my fifties, but I can remember when computers came about, everyone talked about a paperless office and people talked about how, you know, work from home was going to become the the norm and I never really transpired and now we have this virus upon us and companies are starting to re examine that idea, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I mean I guess it's like a mixture of just that's how we've been doing it. Plus maybe, I don't know just the idea of looking over someone like your employees shoulder just to make sure that they're doing work. But but like uh my friend works in an office and he's like like it's pretty good worker but like he finishes early and stuff and it's like he does his job, but most of his, most of his job can be done from home. And it's like I mean why why would you want to work from like you know a certain schedule a time when you can just get your stuff done whenever. And it's like people tend to work uh More efficiently for like uh I think it was like 66 hours and anything after that, your quality declines and then you have like traffic and all these like my friends lives in California and he's like, oh I have to commute like like three hours a day, it's like why why do that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that sounds like my brother's commute. He lives in Seattle and it's like he lives on the opposite side and port orchard, so it's kind of like across the bay from Seattle, so he has to take a ferry boat from port orchard and that's like an hour long ferry boat ride. And then I think he has to do like traffic, you know um from there or something, I think it takes a bike with him or something, but you know it takes a couple hours every day back and forth from work and you know it's just uh I don't know it to me it's like environmentally not a good idea to have all this congestion and uh
SPEAKER_L: definitely, definitely.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like, you know, there's so many benefits, like you said environmentally, and then people get to spend more time with their families or just, you know, be around even if they're not 100% there, you're still, you know, your mom and dad are
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: there,
SPEAKER_R: think the only people that are kind of challenge would be challenged from the only kind of people that would be challenged by working from home
SPEAKER_L: was it?
SPEAKER_R: would be your extroverts, but introverts and I'm an introvert, you know uh we can work by ourselves without any problem, we don't need,
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: you know, constant interaction, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know, as long as you have like an option or at least so you know, for people who want to be, you know, be in the office
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: or do they just work better in that environment than they can do that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think having a mixture where you kind of go in and you know maybe once a week you have to go into the office and interact with your workers or maybe once every couple weeks or so, that's a good idea but
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: there is something about face to face interaction with people in person
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: but you know there's a lot to be said about working from home, I always hated the community part was the thing I hated and Ohio particularly in the winter community sucks because of snow and ice and that kind of crap. So Yeah. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty crazy because I pretty much never dealt with snow except for once when I went to Washington, think with my school. So it's like that's like out of sight out of mind, every like all year round florida's just hot pretty much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well then you got to have things like hurricanes of course then but everything shuts down at that point so um you know when that happens I suppose but.
SPEAKER_L: surprisingly, it's like uh you know your normalized to where you live. So it's like people always like, oh the hurricane, like, you know my family like hurricane similar, like we know we live in florida, we've dealt with it before, it's like we treat it with respect, but you know, it's like uh something used to
SPEAKER_R: Have you ever been in situations though and that when there was a hurricane that you did feel fearful and and maybe uh drove someplace else to get away from it or
SPEAKER_L: um uh Never, never really um
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: never,
SPEAKER_R: you shelter in place
SPEAKER_L: I have pretty much
SPEAKER_R: in most
SPEAKER_L: always
SPEAKER_R: cases?
SPEAKER_L: sheltered in my home um Before, before this when I was younger, we lived in like apartments and
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: condos and stuff and they were usually pretty, oh
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: you know what I am right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: had shutters and everything, but like I remember Andrew has like a very small kid and Andrew was pretty scary. Uh It kind of ravaged like Miami and everything, but I live more a little bit, I still live in south florida a little bit more up north near Boca. And uh I still remember, I was like, I had my like I was looking at this uh glass
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: door
SPEAKER_R: you on the gulf side or the atlantic side? Uh
SPEAKER_L: the east atlantic. So it was, I still remember as a kid was like very terrifying and I think the recent hurricane that came, it had like the potential and like I always have that fear like the day before, I'm like, oh god, you know, I hope everything is okay, but like one circuit comes, it's like okay now we're gonna lose power, and it's like yeah.
SPEAKER_R: We've had some situations here that have been kind of a little bit weird but not enough to like, you know, leave your house now. We had a duration show which is kind of a strong line of thunderstorms that moved through here back in 2012. And you can see it on the radar because it just kind of looked like a bow kind of bowed back backwards and you can tell it's going to be you know, raise some hell and it did and it we have a lot of trees here and especially in columbus I'm kind of on the outer periphery of columbus, not actually in columbus itself but and some of the older neighborhoods in columbus, they have a lot of trees so it knocked down a lot of trees and some people were without power for up to two weeks or longer. And it was like really hot because it was in the middle of july and we were having a heat spell. So there were, you know, people without electricity without air conditioning for you know, several weeks. And that was a lot of it was really weird. I just remember driving through some of the suburbs of columbus and There was no lights, it was like something out of the 19th century, you know?
SPEAKER_L: It's very strange. Yeah. You're right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so it's a but I had electricity, my electricity went off for eight hours, but then it came back on. But you know my parents who low down the countryside um they were throughout power for a couple of weeks and some parts of Ohio were out is without electricity for up to four weeks, so
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: which was really, you know,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: horrible
SPEAKER_R: that gives
SPEAKER_L: Without
SPEAKER_R: me,
SPEAKER_L: a c. It's especially when it's hot.
SPEAKER_R: it's horrible. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think last year when we had a hurricane we lost power for I think Maybe like 12 days and I would just go to my car for like hours at a time and I just turn it on, just just have a seat for a while. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I sometimes I've noticed even you know when the power goes out that some of the cell phone towers also go out around here, which is really strange, so, but I've read that uh a lot of the cell phone towers, unless they're in big cities, some of them are only have generators that willpower them for like a couple hours. Um And so you know, it's kind of in some ways we've we've moved a step ahead with our technology but we have also moved a step backwards in terms of how um Uh huh, dependable in it, so yeah, show.
SPEAKER_L: thing is uh like remember my friend lives, they have like buried power lines. So usually that's like, I know it's like almost twice as expensive to like bury power lines or maybe even more, but his power like never has never been out, so. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it kind of depends.
SPEAKER_L: I.
SPEAKER_R: I think most of the electric lines in the United States are above ground um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: you know a lot of european countries though Germany, you know they're buried underground so um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well our our system is kind of like hodgepodge and pretty old. I was like reading about South Korea because we had F. P. L. Which is our uh provider or electricity provider down here, they're doing a presentation at my college, they're talking about south Korea and it's like, oh we measure our outages and hours in south Korea. They measured in minutes because just because their system is like so much newer than ours, there's more reason. And of course the United States is frequent, huge. So, and you know, different states are going to do things different ways. I remember one of the hurricanes that hit, I think three or four years ago, the one that hit texas and it did a lot of damage and that was only like a category one or two. And it's like those states aren't like designed to handle those kind of situations that often like florida, it's like every year we gotta be ready are you know, R. F. P. L. Is like ready to replace all the power lines and all that stuff. And florida is a state itself is like it absorbs water so it's very hard to flood here. I mean it's, you know like the Everglades and it's just like kind of swamp land ish. So it's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: interesting
SPEAKER_R: you got sick
SPEAKER_L: to think.
SPEAKER_R: holes too? Yeah. Yeah. So do you um do you think that can you see the effects of climate change occurring and in your state? I think that our our climate is getting definitely getting hotter here. Um And I do think that spring is earlier than it used to me, so
SPEAKER_L: Um It's yeah, it feels hotter and it feels like the hurricanes are getting, I'd have to look at the data because I don't like I don't like to make conjectures that I can't kind of justify. But I feel like the hurricanes are getting a little bit more serious and more happening
SPEAKER_R: starting
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: earlier I think
SPEAKER_L: earlier
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: and lasting longer. So yeah, it's kind of scary. I don't live too close. I live like maybe 15 miles away from the coast so I'm not I'm not that close to the coast anymore. But yeah, I mean, I think um the heat is definitely feels like it's been hotter since I was a kid. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I mean hopefully we start doing something, we start focusing more on alternative power sources and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that would be nice. Um You know, I like to see biofuels, you know, possibly become available. I think there's been some research that's being done with uh algae, you know, specialist algae that can produce hydrocarbons. But I don't know how feasible that would be um, to extract that out of algae, but um
SPEAKER_L: But that's, that's like the beauty of alternative fields, it's like you have so many options and depending on where you are, like I've read things about like channeling the gulf stream like off, you know, using that kind of hydropower and florida's like building more solar panels and stuff our solar generation plants and stuff like that, you know, depending on where you are, you can utilize maybe geothermal and like the options are endless, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That and it would be nice to see more done with recycling too. I think affordable housing is a big challenge. And a lot of countries just not just our country, but even around the world, so finding some way to recycle and reuse materials for housing and to make housing less expensive than more affordable to people. I think the big thing that we should look into. So
SPEAKER_L: That's like a big issue from my home country which is Pakistan and that's like just like, like, you know, my dad tells me stories about how it was when he was a kid and it's like now it's like very expensive and like even like food and everything like that is just like, it's just unbelievable. It's like, you know, I still have some family over there and they're always like struggling a little bit. I feel bad. It's like it's in there
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: struggling with the coronavirus pretty intensive to.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, the necessities of life should be, you know, especially in this country. I noticed like the food and clothing are inexpensive but housing is it's too expensive. You know, I have seen some videos where there they have a guy who can three D. Print houses now they have a special um You can go on YouTube and look it up and they have kind of like a 3D printer. Um basically they bring in kind of a big steel beams and this thing and it pours mortar back and forth, you know,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: and I can do a house um Well it's not very big but they can say they can put one up for like $6,000 so which is pretty inexpensive. And then there's some countries in the third role where there
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: developing houses out of plastic, recycled plastic and um that the material is very um durable, um, weather resistant et cetera. And they can put them up for like 6, 10,006 to $10,000 somewhere
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: in there.
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: is it?
SPEAKER_R: But the only thing I think about plastic is whether that off gases or not, you know if there's some sort of fumes that come off the plastic that could be potentially an environmental problem, particularly if you're indoors, you know, in a room, is it off gassing? And are you inhaling that and is that bad for your health? So?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And a lot of that stuff like we found out like, you know, with the Tupperware and non stick and stuff, it always comes out later. So it's good to be a little bit more
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They need to do some studies on that, that's for sure. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, housing and medical character in America. That's like, I feel like that's where a lot of people just and end up losing, you know, their financial stability.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be interesting to see what happens with the election this year. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I hope we see a change and the White house, but
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: I'm I'm still cautious, I'm I'm not as optimistic as I was back in 2016 in 2016, I was hoping that we would see you know, a different person than what we got in the office right now. But I was really shocked. So because of that I'm kind of like, I'm gonna like, I'm not sure what's going to happen, so, but I'm hoping fingers are crossed that we will see a change, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel somewhere similar way. And so it's the thing is the way I feel is there's just so there's not any room for compromise anymore. It's like I've been, I've been trying to be diligent like read up on american history, you know, and it's like, you know, back then people, you know, you judge them for the period of time they were in. But a lot of the, you know, the founding fathers at least they worked towards some kind of compromise and you know, depending on what side of the aisle they were or what not. And now it's just like the super divided. It's like, it's like, you know, having like a crazy sports team and it's like why can't you be like a republican but also believe something from, you know, one side, you can be a democrat that's like, it's just
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like more
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: opposition.
SPEAKER_R: being in the middle is no longer acceptable
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and it's like both parties have gone to the extreme, extreme edges and yeah, it's like um you know, I get really tend to get frustrated with them both. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it's like this things that are politicized that shouldn't be politicized, like, you know, like the coronavirus.
SPEAKER_R: we're in a mask.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, it's like, it's
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: in a mask.
SPEAKER_L: why? It's like, I know, I understand.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've seen the meltdowns that people not wearing a mask. You see it on twitter and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: crazy,
SPEAKER_R: on facebook they're going ballistic because they have to wear a mask and like come on, you know, it's not that difficult. I mean
SPEAKER_L: Just like you wear it in and out, you're done, you know? It's like
SPEAKER_R: Yes it's a it's a pain but you know it's not that hard. It's not like you know your everyone has to walk on their hands or something you know So I mean so.
SPEAKER_L: It's just for a little bit, you know, we'll get through it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah. Do you think a vaccine will be out by the end of this year and you think I think it's probably going to be next year so that we'll see a vaccine?
SPEAKER_L: From what I've seen or whatever at its uh they I think they've found like a bunch of things that our our vaccines but help people with uh the infection. But I don't think like a full fledged vaccine, it's just I don't think it's feasible until, like you said next year, probably. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They got to do a lot of studying as you know testing first and make sure it's safe. And then then the big controversial b will all be all these anti Baxter's you know because you
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: have people who who are against the vaccine of any sort. So that will be interesting you know. Um
SPEAKER_L: Well it's like I thought, I thought the coronavirus was supposed to give you the microchip now. The vaccines supposed to give you the microchip and it's like Bill Gates is behind. It's like I came
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: all of these controversies.
SPEAKER_R: what's interesting about that is that
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I have friends from others overseas that I talked with on Skype and they have the same bunch of wackoS anti-Vaxxers people who think that the coronavirus is caused by five G. Cell phone towers and you know that Bill Gates is injecting or Bill Gates is behind the coronavirus. They have that same stuff going on. So you know I don't know as social media is a Pandora's box. The internet is Pandora's box that can be used as such a tool to learn new things but so many people use it for really ignorant stupid stuff in my opinion. So you know
SPEAKER_L: It's hard.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: It's hard. Yeah. It's like even, you know, I'm not going to call all the news bias, but just you gotta like just the way the news is designed, it's like mostly stuff that, you know, it's going to be negative in some way. So because that's what people want to see. You know, people want to see, oh someone freaking out, No one wants to see someone being happier stuff and maybe that's a that's a little bit our fault too. But it's like, you know, it's like sometimes you want to see like just people doing something good and that's just
SPEAKER_R: Well one of the
SPEAKER_L: over
SPEAKER_R: things I will say and I was I was talking about this with one of my friends is that when I was when I was doing research papers in college you know we went to books and books a lot of times when they're published, they have to be reviewed by the publisher and they have people on their editorial team that review that book to make sure that it's factual, anything that appears an encyclopedia, for example, has been fact checked as being accurate. The problem with the internet is nobody is fact checking all these websites that are being created to see if the information that's being provided out there for people is accurate. Nobody google doesn't do it, facebook doesn't do it. Nobody in fact checks. And that's the problem is misinformation, you know. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think that's like the next big issue. Just misinformation and just you can manipulate anything like especially like you know visually and like we're heading towards that area where you can just make fake things like deep fakes and all that stuff. Uh People call it like post truth and it's like they have a point that's uh and even even you can even be factual but misrepresent. You know, you can be like oh well the statistics say that and it's like oh you're saying the right numbers but you're misleading the people by I think in a certain way it's like especially like with like you said like a research background, you know how important it is to interpret data in a in the correct way. Not just oh this is right. So this number is bigger than that one. It's like no that's not how data works.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. And sometimes even if something has a correlation doesn't mean that there is a causal connection between the two either. And a lot of times people do and you even see researchers do this too, they think that if something is correlated, that that means that, you know, variable A cause variable B that's not always true. Sometimes it just means that they, you know, occur kind of at the same time for whatever reason, but it doesn't mean that one caused the other, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Well at least researchers, you know have peer review so at least they can be called out and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, That's that's true. That's good. That's good.
SPEAKER_L: Like the best example I have for my friends is like the data I'm working with the cancer data. Um
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The positive cancer data is a lot more yeah, Numerous and like people without cancer. So it's like 90-10 kind of split. And I was like okay, so we're trying to see if our algorithm can figure out which ones have cancer and which ones don't. And it's like I could say everyone has cancer and I still get 90%. So it's it's a bad way to judge that data set because it's unbalanced. That's like 90% sounds good. But for here it's not good at all because data is not is not formatted that way and it's so easy to manipulate numbers.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, it goes back to the old scene and computer programming garbage in equals garbage out. So, you know, it's kind of that same thing. So, yeah, I've been looking to see how long we've been talking. I think we've been talking about 28 minutes are so, and I started probably about a minute into our conversation. So on. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: It was good talking with you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Very good. I hope you stay safe this year and with the coronavirus and also at the hurricanes down there. You know it looks like the hurricane season is starting a little bit earlier this year. You can kinda tropical storm that's made its way up into the Northern States already so. But uh yeah. Good luck with your studies. Are you going to the university of florida or or
SPEAKER_L: On
SPEAKER_R: what university?
SPEAKER_L: for atlantic university it's just right by mine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Master's or PhD?
SPEAKER_L: I finished my masters I'm going for the PhD you know and I hope
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: you stay safe as well and hope hopefully we'll pull through as a country and get through this thing. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think we'll get through it. It's just it's gonna be a bumpy ride so we just kinda hang in there and write it out. So yeah, I think we've got to do a show. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: care.
SPEAKER_R: Take care. Same to you.