Thank you. Hi,
how are you?
Perfect.
I'm
glad it's working now. Yeah.
I also did a week ago, but my partner never showed up, so
copy
two.
She?
Likewise,
florida.
Like
was what can
you
it?
definitely. It was raining a little bit earlier today, but still hot. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh basically pretty much my entire life.
it
was
I think maybe since 2016,
I believe.
It's it's the most painless one anyway. They don't give you a hard time than anything.
Just or
like
I ask
you
a bunch of questions for like 10 minutes or 15 minutes and they're like, oh, well, we don't need you. It's like, okay, thanks for uh thanks, thanks.
16. And I like uh
sorry, go ahead.
I said I like the fact that the surveys are kind of like, you know, uh involved with research, so you're kind of helping out the world a little bit. Mhm.
really. Mostly because I'm in grad school myself, so I'm already tired of reading research all the time anyway.
I'm in electrical engineering, but uh specifically we're working with data using our data involving cancer and how to, you know, analyze it and understand it for benefits for doctors and stuff like that. Yeah.
Um basically, well, the campus has been shut down so everything is just just feels a little slower, you know what I mean? Like everyone
still like keeping in touch and a lot of the stuff we do is, you know, we can do from home and stuff like that, but you know, it just feels a little bit more lazy and just basically like conferences and stuff have been pretty much delayed.
so
the truth.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean I guess it's like a mixture of just that's how we've been doing it. Plus maybe, I don't know just the idea of looking over someone like your employees shoulder just to make sure that they're doing work. But but like uh my friend works in an office and he's like like it's pretty good worker but like he finishes early and stuff and it's like he does his job, but most of his, most of his job can be done from home. And it's like I mean why why would you want to work from like you know a certain schedule a time when you can just get your stuff done whenever. And it's like people tend to work uh More efficiently for like uh I think it was like 66 hours and anything after that, your quality declines and then you have like traffic and all these like my friends lives in California and he's like, oh I have to commute like like three hours a day, it's like why why do that?
definitely, definitely.
Yeah, it's like, you know, there's so many benefits, like you said environmentally, and then people get to spend more time with their families or just, you know, be around even if they're not 100% there, you're still, you know, your mom and dad are
there,
was it?
definitely.
You know, as long as you have like an option or at least so you know, for people who want to be, you know, be in the office
or do they just work better in that environment than they can do that?
definitely
to
it.
definitely.
that's pretty crazy because I pretty much never dealt with snow except for once when I went to Washington, think with my school. So it's like that's like out of sight out of mind, every like all year round florida's just hot pretty much.
surprisingly, it's like uh you know your normalized to where you live. So it's like people always like, oh the hurricane, like, you know my family like hurricane similar, like we know we live in florida, we've dealt with it before, it's like we treat it with respect, but you know, it's like uh something used to
um uh Never, never really um
I
never,
I have pretty much
always
sheltered in my home um Before, before this when I was younger, we lived in like apartments and
condos and stuff and they were usually pretty, oh
you know what I am right,
had shutters and everything, but like I remember Andrew has like a very small kid and Andrew was pretty scary. Uh It kind of ravaged like Miami and everything, but I live more a little bit, I still live in south florida a little bit more up north near Boca. And uh I still remember, I was like, I had my like I was looking at this uh glass
door
the east atlantic. So it was, I still remember as a kid was like very terrifying and I think the recent hurricane that came, it had like the potential and like I always have that fear like the day before, I'm like, oh god, you know, I hope everything is okay, but like one circuit comes, it's like okay now we're gonna lose power, and it's like yeah.
It's very strange. Yeah. You're right.
What?
it's
horrible
Without
a c. It's especially when it's hot.
I think last year when we had a hurricane we lost power for I think Maybe like 12 days and I would just go to my car for like hours at a time and I just turn it on, just just have a seat for a while. Okay.
thing is uh like remember my friend lives, they have like buried power lines. So usually that's like, I know it's like almost twice as expensive to like bury power lines or maybe even more, but his power like never has never been out, so. Okay.
I.
Okay.
Well our our system is kind of like hodgepodge and pretty old. I was like reading about South Korea because we had F. P. L. Which is our uh provider or electricity provider down here, they're doing a presentation at my college, they're talking about south Korea and it's like, oh we measure our outages and hours in south Korea. They measured in minutes because just because their system is like so much newer than ours, there's more reason. And of course the United States is frequent, huge. So, and you know, different states are going to do things different ways. I remember one of the hurricanes that hit, I think three or four years ago, the one that hit texas and it did a lot of damage and that was only like a category one or two. And it's like those states aren't like designed to handle those kind of situations that often like florida, it's like every year we gotta be ready are you know, R. F. P. L. Is like ready to replace all the power lines and all that stuff. And florida is a state itself is like it absorbs water so it's very hard to flood here. I mean it's, you know like the Everglades and it's just like kind of swamp land ish. So it's
interesting
to think.
Um It's yeah, it feels hotter and it feels like the hurricanes are getting, I'd have to look at the data because I don't like I don't like to make conjectures that I can't kind of justify. But I feel like the hurricanes are getting a little bit more serious and more happening
more
earlier
and lasting longer. So yeah, it's kind of scary. I don't live too close. I live like maybe 15 miles away from the coast so I'm not I'm not that close to the coast anymore. But yeah, I mean, I think um the heat is definitely feels like it's been hotter since I was a kid. Yeah.
Yes, I mean hopefully we start doing something, we start focusing more on alternative power sources and stuff like that.
But that's, that's like the beauty of alternative fields, it's like you have so many options and depending on where you are, like I've read things about like channeling the gulf stream like off, you know, using that kind of hydropower and florida's like building more solar panels and stuff our solar generation plants and stuff like that, you know, depending on where you are, you can utilize maybe geothermal and like the options are endless, so.
That's like a big issue from my home country which is Pakistan and that's like just like, like, you know, my dad tells me stories about how it was when he was a kid and it's like now it's like very expensive and like even like food and everything like that is just like, it's just unbelievable. It's like, you know, I still have some family over there and they're always like struggling a little bit. I feel bad. It's like it's in there
struggling with the coronavirus pretty intensive to.
that's
True.
So
what
is it?
Yeah. And a lot of that stuff like we found out like, you know, with the Tupperware and non stick and stuff, it always comes out later. So it's good to be a little bit more
yeah, housing and medical character in America. That's like, I feel like that's where a lot of people just and end up losing, you know, their financial stability.
Mhm.
Hi.
Yeah. I feel somewhere similar way. And so it's the thing is the way I feel is there's just so there's not any room for compromise anymore. It's like I've been, I've been trying to be diligent like read up on american history, you know, and it's like, you know, back then people, you know, you judge them for the period of time they were in. But a lot of the, you know, the founding fathers at least they worked towards some kind of compromise and you know, depending on what side of the aisle they were or what not. And now it's just like the super divided. It's like, it's like, you know, having like a crazy sports team and it's like why can't you be like a republican but also believe something from, you know, one side, you can be a democrat that's like, it's just
like more
opposition.
No.
Yeah. And it's like this things that are politicized that shouldn't be politicized, like, you know, like the coronavirus.
So yeah, it's like, it's
like
why? It's like, I know, I understand.
Yeah. It's
crazy,
Just like you wear it in and out, you're done, you know? It's like
It's just for a little bit, you know, we'll get through it. Mhm.
From what I've seen or whatever at its uh they I think they've found like a bunch of things that our our vaccines but help people with uh the infection. But I don't think like a full fledged vaccine, it's just I don't think it's feasible until, like you said next year, probably. Mhm.
my
Well it's like I thought, I thought the coronavirus was supposed to give you the microchip now. The vaccines supposed to give you the microchip and it's like Bill Gates is behind. It's like I came
in
all of these controversies.
I
It's hard.
It's hard. Yeah. It's like even, you know, I'm not going to call all the news bias, but just you gotta like just the way the news is designed, it's like mostly stuff that, you know, it's going to be negative in some way. So because that's what people want to see. You know, people want to see, oh someone freaking out, No one wants to see someone being happier stuff and maybe that's a that's a little bit our fault too. But it's like, you know, it's like sometimes you want to see like just people doing something good and that's just
over
Yeah. I think that's like the next big issue. Just misinformation and just you can manipulate anything like especially like you know visually and like we're heading towards that area where you can just make fake things like deep fakes and all that stuff. Uh People call it like post truth and it's like they have a point that's uh and even even you can even be factual but misrepresent. You know, you can be like oh well the statistics say that and it's like oh you're saying the right numbers but you're misleading the people by I think in a certain way it's like especially like with like you said like a research background, you know how important it is to interpret data in a in the correct way. Not just oh this is right. So this number is bigger than that one. It's like no that's not how data works.
Right. Well at least researchers, you know have peer review so at least they can be called out and stuff.
Like the best example I have for my friends is like the data I'm working with the cancer data. Um
The positive cancer data is a lot more yeah, Numerous and like people without cancer. So it's like 90-10 kind of split. And I was like okay, so we're trying to see if our algorithm can figure out which ones have cancer and which ones don't. And it's like I could say everyone has cancer and I still get 90%. So it's it's a bad way to judge that data set because it's unbalanced. That's like 90% sounds good. But for here it's not good at all because data is not is not formatted that way and it's so easy to manipulate numbers.
It was good talking with you.
On
for atlantic university it's just right by mine. Yeah.
I finished my masters I'm going for the PhD you know and I hope
you stay safe as well and hope hopefully we'll pull through as a country and get through this thing. Mhm.
care.