Hi, how are you?
you hear me okay?
Okay good because I had I tried this about a week ago and I had internet problems so my upload speed was too slow but I could hear the other person just fine so I had to call a technician out and get the my internet fixed.
So
I am too
Yeah. I think actually
actually my
conversation was two weeks ago
and we had to use signs, we were holding up signs and then a week later I got it rescheduled but the person never showed up and now here I am. So I'm glad that you showed up. So
yeah, so what state are you and if you don't mind me asking
florida, okay, I'm in Ohio. So yeah and I was a little bit worried that I wasn't going to be like come on today because we just had a thunderstorm, a severe thunderstorm come through this area just about 15 minutes ago so but it's moved off now so I think It's been very hot here lately
about 95°
but
it's supposed to cool down
after this front moves through so that'll be nice. Okay.
So um how long have you lived in florida?
Okay. I've lived in? Ohio pretty much my entire life to and how long have you been a
member
of prolific if you don't mind me asking?
What?
Okay. Okay. I joined it in november of last year so and it's been very prolific you know in terms of making money. I think it's one of my best survey sites that I use, so.
Yeah. Yeah. It seems like it has, you know, I like the fact that the surveys come in that you are eligible for because there's a lot of survey sites where you take a survey and it's like oh well you're not the right demographic or
you know
that
sort
of thing.
it's been good. Yeah.
you?
Oh go ahead. Go ahead.
Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever looked at maybe any of the published research any on any of the things that you've done? Yeah.
What's your what's your what are you studying?
How is your academic life being affected by the coronavirus right now?
All
Online. Yeah. Yeah. I read something in the newspaper about that and a lot of companies are going to have a sizable even after things open up or we even have a vaccine. A lot of companies are planning to make a certain percentage pretty high percentage. At least a quarter
of their workforce is going to be you
know, from home. And I always kind of wondered why that didn't happen, you know, long before that, because I remember of course I'm older than you, I'm in my fifties, but I can remember when computers came about, everyone talked about a paperless office and people talked about how, you know, work from home was going to become the the norm and I never really transpired and now we have this virus upon us and companies are starting to re examine that idea, so.
Yeah, that sounds like my brother's commute. He lives in Seattle and it's like he lives on the opposite side and port orchard, so it's kind of like across the bay from Seattle, so he has to take a ferry boat from port orchard and that's like an hour long ferry boat ride. And then I think he has to do like traffic, you know um from there or something, I think it takes a bike with him or something, but you know it takes a couple hours every day back and forth from work and you know it's just uh I don't know it to me it's like environmentally not a good idea to have all this congestion and uh
so
I
think the only people that are kind of challenge would be challenged from the only kind of people that would be challenged by working from home
would be your extroverts, but introverts and I'm an introvert, you know uh we can work by ourselves without any problem, we don't need,
you know, constant interaction, so. Yeah.
Good.
Yeah, I think having a mixture where you kind of go in and you know maybe once a week you have to go into the office and interact with your workers or maybe once every couple weeks or so, that's a good idea but
you know
because
there is something about face to face interaction with people in person
but you know there's a lot to be said about working from home, I always hated the community part was the thing I hated and Ohio particularly in the winter community sucks because of snow and ice and that kind of crap. So Yeah. Um Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well then you got to have things like hurricanes of course then but everything shuts down at that point so um you know when that happens I suppose but.
Have you ever been in situations though and that when there was a hurricane that you did feel fearful and and maybe uh drove someplace else to get away from it or
or
did
you shelter in place
in most
cases?
But
Right.
Yeah.
Are
you on the gulf side or the atlantic side? Uh
We've had some situations here that have been kind of a little bit weird but not enough to like, you know, leave your house now. We had a duration show which is kind of a strong line of thunderstorms that moved through here back in 2012. And you can see it on the radar because it just kind of looked like a bow kind of bowed back backwards and you can tell it's going to be you know, raise some hell and it did and it we have a lot of trees here and especially in columbus I'm kind of on the outer periphery of columbus, not actually in columbus itself but and some of the older neighborhoods in columbus, they have a lot of trees so it knocked down a lot of trees and some people were without power for up to two weeks or longer. And it was like really hot because it was in the middle of july and we were having a heat spell. So there were, you know, people without electricity without air conditioning for you know, several weeks. And that was a lot of it was really weird. I just remember driving through some of the suburbs of columbus and There was no lights, it was like something out of the 19th century, you know?
Yeah, so it's a but I had electricity, my electricity went off for eight hours, but then it came back on. But you know my parents who low down the countryside um they were throughout power for a couple of weeks and some parts of Ohio were out is without electricity for up to four weeks, so
which was really, you know,
that
that gives
me,
it's horrible. So. Yeah.
Yeah, I sometimes I've noticed even you know when the power goes out that some of the cell phone towers also go out around here, which is really strange, so, but I've read that uh a lot of the cell phone towers, unless they're in big cities, some of them are only have generators that willpower them for like a couple hours. Um And so you know, it's kind of in some ways we've we've moved a step ahead with our technology but we have also moved a step backwards in terms of how um Uh huh, dependable in it, so yeah, show.
Yeah, I think it kind of depends.
I think most of the electric lines in the United States are above ground um
you know a lot of european countries though Germany, you know they're buried underground so um Yeah,
And
you got sick
holes too? Yeah. Yeah. So do you um do you think that can you see the effects of climate change occurring and in your state? I think that our our climate is getting definitely getting hotter here. Um And I do think that spring is earlier than it used to me, so
starting
earlier I think
too.
Yeah.
Yeah, that would be nice. Um You know, I like to see biofuels, you know, possibly become available. I think there's been some research that's being done with uh algae, you know, specialist algae that can produce hydrocarbons. But I don't know how feasible that would be um, to extract that out of algae, but um
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That and it would be nice to see more done with recycling too. I think affordable housing is a big challenge. And a lot of countries just not just our country, but even around the world, so finding some way to recycle and reuse materials for housing and to make housing less expensive than more affordable to people. I think the big thing that we should look into. So
that,
yeah, the necessities of life should be, you know, especially in this country. I noticed like the food and clothing are inexpensive but housing is it's too expensive. You know, I have seen some videos where there they have a guy who can three D. Print houses now they have a special um You can go on YouTube and look it up and they have kind of like a 3D printer. Um basically they bring in kind of a big steel beams and this thing and it pours mortar back and forth, you know,
and I can do a house um Well it's not very big but they can say they can put one up for like $6,000 so which is pretty inexpensive. And then there's some countries in the third role where there
developing houses out of plastic, recycled plastic and um that the material is very um durable, um, weather resistant et cetera. And they can put them up for like 6, 10,006 to $10,000 somewhere
in there.
So.
But the only thing I think about plastic is whether that off gases or not, you know if there's some sort of fumes that come off the plastic that could be potentially an environmental problem, particularly if you're indoors, you know, in a room, is it off gassing? And are you inhaling that and is that bad for your health? So?
Yeah. They need to do some studies on that, that's for sure. So. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be interesting to see what happens with the election this year. Um
I hope we see a change and the White house, but
I'm I'm still cautious, I'm I'm not as optimistic as I was back in 2016 in 2016, I was hoping that we would see you know, a different person than what we got in the office right now. But I was really shocked. So because of that I'm kind of like, I'm gonna like, I'm not sure what's going to happen, so, but I'm hoping fingers are crossed that we will see a change, so.
It's
like
being in the middle is no longer acceptable
and it's like both parties have gone to the extreme, extreme edges and yeah, it's like um you know, I get really tend to get frustrated with them both. So
we're in a mask.
we're
in a mask.
Yeah, I've seen the meltdowns that people not wearing a mask. You see it on twitter and
even
on facebook they're going ballistic because they have to wear a mask and like come on, you know, it's not that difficult. I mean
Yes it's a it's a pain but you know it's not that hard. It's not like you know your everyone has to walk on their hands or something you know So I mean so.
So yeah. Do you think a vaccine will be out by the end of this year and you think I think it's probably going to be next year so that we'll see a vaccine?
Yeah. They got to do a lot of studying as you know testing first and make sure it's safe. And then then the big controversial b will all be all these anti Baxter's you know because you
have people who who are against the vaccine of any sort. So that will be interesting you know. Um
you
know
what's interesting about that is that
I have friends from others overseas that I talked with on Skype and they have the same bunch of wackoS anti-Vaxxers people who think that the coronavirus is caused by five G. Cell phone towers and you know that Bill Gates is injecting or Bill Gates is behind the coronavirus. They have that same stuff going on. So you know I don't know as social media is a Pandora's box. The internet is Pandora's box that can be used as such a tool to learn new things but so many people use it for really ignorant stupid stuff in my opinion. So you know
it's
Well one of the
things I will say and I was I was talking about this with one of my friends is that when I was when I was doing research papers in college you know we went to books and books a lot of times when they're published, they have to be reviewed by the publisher and they have people on their editorial team that review that book to make sure that it's factual, anything that appears an encyclopedia, for example, has been fact checked as being accurate. The problem with the internet is nobody is fact checking all these websites that are being created to see if the information that's being provided out there for people is accurate. Nobody google doesn't do it, facebook doesn't do it. Nobody in fact checks. And that's the problem is misinformation, you know. Um
Right. Yeah. And sometimes even if something has a correlation doesn't mean that there is a causal connection between the two either. And a lot of times people do and you even see researchers do this too, they think that if something is correlated, that that means that, you know, variable A cause variable B that's not always true. Sometimes it just means that they, you know, occur kind of at the same time for whatever reason, but it doesn't mean that one caused the other, so. Yeah.
Yeah, That's that's true. That's good. That's good.
Uh huh. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, it goes back to the old scene and computer programming garbage in equals garbage out. So, you know, it's kind of that same thing. So, yeah, I've been looking to see how long we've been talking. I think we've been talking about 28 minutes are so, and I started probably about a minute into our conversation. So on. Mhm.
Yeah. Very good. I hope you stay safe this year and with the coronavirus and also at the hurricanes down there. You know it looks like the hurricane season is starting a little bit earlier this year. You can kinda tropical storm that's made its way up into the Northern States already so. But uh yeah. Good luck with your studies. Are you going to the university of florida or or
what university?
Master's or PhD?
Well
I think we'll get through it. It's just it's gonna be a bumpy ride so we just kinda hang in there and write it out. So yeah, I think we've got to do a show. Okay.
Take care. Same to you.