SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah mm. Mhm. Shit. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, wow,
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me okay?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can hear you fine.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry. I'm a minute late.
SPEAKER_L: No no it's not you're not late at all, it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry, my volume up a minute. All right. So it's like we have to talk for 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Have you ever done something like this before?
SPEAKER_R: I have not.
SPEAKER_L: I've never done anything like this either. Did they not give us a topic to talk about? Are we just supposed to just have a conversation about whatever? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think you can really talk about anything you want. So
SPEAKER_L: Okay. All right my name is chris
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you chris. I'm jen,
SPEAKER_L: hey john nice to meet you. So um anyways I was thinking I was wondering about this is like is it gonna just be random stuff? I don't know. Do you have anything any ideas of what to talk about? Had a few ideas I guess. But what do you think? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I mean maybe just life, I guess. I mean unless you had a better idea.
SPEAKER_L: No sure, shoot asked me a question.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So, well tell me about like your living situation. Do you have any pets? Do you have any kids?
SPEAKER_L: I have like six kids. I have six kids. We just had our six kids uh In uh May eight. So thanks. Yeah we're I'm actually in the Air Force but I'm going to school at N. Y. U. Right now. Um And so I'm on the summer break, they're paying me to go to school to get a masters in something and so I'm just kind of up here and um we just other than having a kid I got really not much else going on so I was interested in finding different ways to kind of like make some extra. So I found this thing and signed up for this. But anyway so
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome. So
SPEAKER_L: tell me a little
SPEAKER_R: like what, what state do you live in?
SPEAKER_L: I live in new york.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, new york go here. So
SPEAKER_L: I'm assuming you're
SPEAKER_R: I'm,
SPEAKER_L: in America, I'm assuming you live in America because I shouldn't assume that but you sound like you are
SPEAKER_R: yeah, well, I'm actually from pennsylvania, but we moved to Virginia and I have one son. I have another one on the way and
SPEAKER_L: regrets.
SPEAKER_R: that's fun. But six kids, I can only imagine. I'm already kind of crying with another one. So
SPEAKER_L: yeah they're just
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: sure that some,
SPEAKER_L: just have ages where they're really hard and I think you know how old is your son right now?
SPEAKER_R: so he's one he's little. Yeah. So I feel like the younger they are, the tougher they are.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they get they they have that's true for sure. I mean, I guess I can only speak from a dad's perspective, but like my four year old is kind of a nightmare. All my all my boys when they were like around like late threes and four, they just they start to like kind of lie a little bit, you know, you know, I didn't do that, you know, and it's like I didn't eat that and they're all over there, you know, all over their face kind of a thing. Yeah, but
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: anything
SPEAKER_R: wait.
SPEAKER_L: so so you have that and then your where do you live now
SPEAKER_R: So I live in Virginia,
SPEAKER_L: live in Virginia? Okay. All right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, kind of by Richmond um so it's not too bad. Yeah, so I used to live in pennsylvania and like I don't know if you're familiar with pennsylvania um kind
SPEAKER_L: bit,
SPEAKER_R: of like by
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: Delaware
SPEAKER_L: bit
SPEAKER_R: water gap area,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you know, if you
SPEAKER_L: maybe
SPEAKER_R: know where that
SPEAKER_L: driven
SPEAKER_R: is,
SPEAKER_L: by there. I lived in Maryland last lived in and we drove um I lived worked at Andrews Air Force Base and we would drive through pennsylvania. I'm trying to think most of the time we were commuting up to see some family in Toronto. My wife has some family there. So we drive through pennsylvania and I think we went to uh uh some ski, little mountain there and I'm pretty sure it was in pennsylvania, body camera, what it was called, little bunny slope thing. Take kids on tubes and stuff, but
SPEAKER_R: but you know like where the Allentown area is or no
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: in pennsylvania.
SPEAKER_L: sounds familiar. Yeah, it sounds familiar. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So are you obviously you're stationed in new york?
SPEAKER_L: Uh technically, yeah, it's just that there, I'm I signed up to do a um like I applied to get a Master's degree that the Air Force is paying for, so I'm really just going
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: to school. Yeah, it's pretty cool. So I'm just going to school for, you know, two years. I'm actually a dentist, but I'm going to be doing research. Um And uh so yeah, now I've got like this entire summer break just basically dead at the moment. Are you working, are you working full time? Do you have a job?
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so I, yes, I work full time for a industrial manufacturing company. Um and we of course are closed, so I've been working here and there from home, it is still full time, however, the hours are a little bit more lenient, thank goodness. Um but yeah, and then I do have my bachelors in accounting, however, I really not using it obviously. Um but yeah, other than that I'm pretty much doing the same thing as you, I'm trying to find other alternatives online, especially being home now so much and with you know the bills and stuff so um so it's kind of interesting to find other avenues online, you know to make money
SPEAKER_L: My wife, my wife thinks I'm crazy. I just kind of like leave this thing on my prolific thing pops up and takes a minute and a couple minutes and you just, it's pretty easy what industrial manufacturing for what, what do you guys make? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so we make, it's pretty silly, it's actually trash and recycle bins for businesses. Um So something you really don't think about, but that's what we make um And we make up for parks, we make um like shaped like frogs bear,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: so it's yeah it's just different things, it's pretty cool, it's it's a company I probably would have never thought of, you know, I don't think about that kind of stuff. Um But people spend money on these things and they're very expensive so
SPEAKER_L: Cut
SPEAKER_R: I would
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: never,
SPEAKER_L: custom custom things or a lot of like 11 off or not really Individual custom like fins.
SPEAKER_R: so we don't customize them for the customer, we only have like a certain amount of like animals. So I think we have like the bear from, we are trying to introduce like a train. Um But like we can't
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: customize a
SPEAKER_L: It would be
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: way more
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: expensive
SPEAKER_R: like they want
SPEAKER_L: to do
SPEAKER_R: to like
SPEAKER_L: that to do that. You're gonna make the tools. My dad was an injection molding guy. I don't know if you have like huge. Is that how you make them? Probably something like that with plastic, Right? Or injected into? The cost of the mold is expensive, I would imagine.
SPEAKER_R: well it's crazy because we so we're actually headquartered in the UK so all of my coworkers like are from the UK, it's only like a few of us that are from the US. So what they do is they actually make them in the U. K. And then they ship them to us. So it's all the same company but we actually don't make them here I guess it's cheaper to make them over there. Um So like I don't really see the process but we can I mean they sent this video so we kind of know a little bit about it but I really don't know the whole process but I just know that it takes a lot of time and effort and we can't just make one, it wouldn't be worth it, you know the money wise so
SPEAKER_L: for sure. For sure. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: but it's definitely definitely interesting like do you have any do you have any pets or anything or? No, I'm sure with six
SPEAKER_L: I grew
SPEAKER_R: kids
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: and somehow.
SPEAKER_L: with dogs. Yeah. I grew up with dogs. Um, but we don't and I had, I had a fish thing for a while. I had, you know, I went a little fish tank a little bigger and bigger and bigger and but I know, I know pets. Yeah. Too, too, too busy with the kids. Yeah. For sure. I would love to have a dog, but the uh my wife is a little bit allergic to him enough that she doesn't and the kid and it's having so many kids, I probably won't get a dog until the kids are gone and it's my dog and she'll want nothing to do with it probably. But you have you have you have pets? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have a cat and it's honestly the same thing, it's not my cat, it's my husband's cat but it's gonna obviously it's my cat now because I take care of it. Um But yeah we have a cat and obviously we have a son, I'm gonna have another son. I feel like pets are just, it's just a lot of work that you don't even a cat who really isn't that much work. Um I mean having a pet and kids and little kids, it's
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: so I can only imagine with six kids, I mean a pet would be, yeah, we just be too much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, for sure. For sure. Mhm. But um, so
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I was thinking like, do you have any hobbies? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: um I really don't have time for hobbies, but honestly, like my biggest thing is just saving money, I guess that's my hobby. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I started,
SPEAKER_R: keep running.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's funny. Okay, so let's talk about that. So it was like, this this is july, like last month I started off, I signed up. Do you use Reddit at all? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: So, I mean, I'll tell you how like I even got into all this stuff, maybe that'll start, you know, something to talk about. So I was like, um for launch for months. I have uh so I have an Xbox. My wife does not like it when I buy video games. She's like, it's waste your time, your adult, no video games, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, look, I only play like, you know, maybe an hour after the kids are asleep at night. I like it. But that's my, you know, so then I said, Microsoft has like this, you do like X number of searches and you get like basically a quarter a day and it adds up.
SPEAKER_R: How much?
SPEAKER_L: It's not, yeah, it adds up. And um the uh so I've been doing that for a while and then I was like, well I'm trying to find more. So there's that Reddit may already know about this. There's beer money, there's a thing called beer money.
SPEAKER_R: your money up?
SPEAKER_L: So then I spent there and I was like, I saw I signed up for swag bucks and then so I've been doing that a little bit here and there. And then I was reading on that beer money thing, there's people like talk outs and they're saying prolific and swag bucks, some of the surveys and stuff are just sketchy and I feel like you know it's a little you don't want to get more information and that's that's when I found prolific and I actually like this one because it's kind of seems like uh it's not going to abuse my data and my information, you know, things like that. But um so I started using that swag bucks in this prolific thing only a couple weeks ago and it's been very minimal impact on my time and you know, you actually, even though you wanna make a dollar for like you know 10 to 15 minutes of doing something that's still pretty good when, when all else got going on is just basically
SPEAKER_R: Nothing,
SPEAKER_L: nothing other than just kind of watching my kids and whatever. So because I'm like totally on summer break right now, it's pretty awesome. But
SPEAKER_R: what would you get paid for them?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no, it's pretty, pretty sweet. So what about you? How did you even get into all this?
SPEAKER_R: It's so funny because beer money actually, I, I use their money and their money has, they have a lot of great ideas. Um I have not tried Savoie books at all. I heard, you know, kind of mixed reviews on there. I haven't tried it.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Um the panels I'm with that I signed up with our obviously prolific mturk. I actually got into them like a long time ago, thank gosh, I still have my account um
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: because they're really hard to get into an Amtrak. You actually can make really decent money on there. I don't know if you try to jerk
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: or anything,
SPEAKER_L: like walked in to try to do it and it said I wasn't accepted. I don't know what, I just don't know what happened with that. But
SPEAKER_R: it's really hard to get into it. It really is, I think now it's just so many people like trying to get into it once. Um but yeah, there if you ever get into it it's so worth it. Like you can make really good money on there may be like, like personally I do like Maybe three hours a day, I make $20 so I think that's pretty good. Um Other panels, I mean I don't know about you but like there's a lot of like focus groups that
SPEAKER_L: I've never done any of that stuff, but
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: sounds
SPEAKER_R: your money.
SPEAKER_L: interesting, but I've never done any of that stuff. Like
SPEAKER_R: I mean those are actually surprisingly, I actually got into like three of them last last week and they were like 150 each so they are definitely worth it
SPEAKER_L: where do
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you find
SPEAKER_R: sometimes
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: it's literally you just have to like fixing the toilet paper and you have to try it for the week.
SPEAKER_L: Where do you where do
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: find
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: those?
SPEAKER_R: so they have um focus forward.
SPEAKER_L: focus forward. That's like a website or something. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah honestly a lot of them are like websites and they have a whole bunch Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: responded as a good one. Those are probably the two big ones. But I mean it's just fun.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: You get to meet new people, you get to try new products and they pay you for it so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you said some
SPEAKER_R: you can't
SPEAKER_L: toilet
SPEAKER_R: be.
SPEAKER_L: paper. I could use that. Like Costco, Costco's
SPEAKER_R: I was like perfect
SPEAKER_L: always
SPEAKER_R: timing
SPEAKER_L: out of toilet paper out, it's ridiculous. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: especially now it's so hard to find toilet paper.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: trying to get other panels. Um Like there's a lot of panels that like I'm sure with swag bucks you do like surveys. Um. What?
SPEAKER_L: bucks. I just kind of do like basically there's a couple little things that I've done, like you print some coupons, you watched a couple videos and if I put in maybe like 30 minutes of effort of just 30 to 40 minutes of in between something, not like 100% attention, You're just kind of clicking on something here and there. You can make 50 cents pretty easily a day, which is like, it sounds like, I mean nothing, but obviously you've been doing this like it adds up over time if you just kind of have a routine of what you're doing. So, but there's also some of the little things that I've done but sorry to interrupt you there. But
SPEAKER_R: No no no no no no no I was just gonna say with like survey sites.
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: sure swag box is the same. But when you start doing surveys they start opening up doors for like new panels and
SPEAKER_L: I've seen
SPEAKER_R: new.
SPEAKER_L: a couple that
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: the.
SPEAKER_L: one of them I I the first one I saw, I was like no, like because it was like saying would you be willing to meet with a group, you know, a couple times a week or something about the first time I saw it? I was like no, but now that I'm like thinking about him like I don't know, I've got time right now, I might as well. So but um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they and they pay more those ones
SPEAKER_L: yeah, what do you look for? Something with the first one you said was like The service 1? Focus, responding,
SPEAKER_R: so there is a focus forward
SPEAKER_L: focus forward. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: and they just do studies and then there is respondent and they just do studies. But you have to remember you could fill out like 10 10 10 a day but you won't you know you probably won't get picked. So I mean if you get picked for one or two that's great. But don't you know like people fill out and they're like oh my god I'm not getting picked but the chances are so low but it once you do get picked it's so worth it because you make really good money, something like that. And I think I'm not sure if you do like uh like use your testing,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that's on
SPEAKER_L: signed
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: mind.
SPEAKER_L: for that one and then I went through like 10 different things and each one was like no, no, no, no, no. And then I just kind of that was a couple days ago and then I was like maybe I should try again. But I think I just I only went like 10, only sat down once, and I just went through them or like, no, not you not you not you not you? And I was like all right, I'm just gonna be I'm not gonna lie on those things and you know I want to be honest, I don't want to try to game anything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but that's another one where like you can make good money, but of course you're going to screen,
SPEAKER_L: Believe
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: probably get screened out for like 90% of them, but once you get that 10% it's worth it. You know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So when your when your second baby coming,
SPEAKER_R: he is going to be here in october
SPEAKER_L: hopefully everything. Hopefully everything is uh we just because we just had our baby, what was it may? So um if we would have been two weeks later they wouldn't have let me be in the room. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: That's terrible. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And then um or two weeks two weeks earlier. I mean two weeks earlier they wouldn't have let me be in the room because of this virus thing. So hopefully everything, you know is calmed down for you or your at my wife would have not been pleased if I wasn't there. Yeah. Astana.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's hard. Did you have a boy or a girl?
SPEAKER_L: we have first as a girl and then everything we've had since then. It's all boys. So we have five
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: boys.
SPEAKER_R: you I mean at least you have that girl though,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, she's like an angel and perfect. But of course she's turning 11 so she's like she is perfect. But I think she's getting to the age where everyone tells me that my life is going to get harder and I'm like, I don't know, she's so easy and perfect. I don't know if I believe it, but she's very uh yeah, we'll see, we'll see. I was talking to her yesterday and she's going into the sixth grade next year and then she'll be in junior high. It blows my mind I think of having a kid in junior high. I mean I remember being in your position
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: where I had just one little kid that age and then now to think about having a kid that's going to be in junior high it's like holy cow, she's gonna be out of the house before I know it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: that's crazy now is uh is school, I'm guessing closed obviously where you are? We're adding everywhere were
SPEAKER_L: So yeah like the last um two months of school they did like online stuff so it was it was zoom everyone all of a sudden everybody, no one who has, no one was zoom was then all of a sudden everyone's using zoom. So I you know, we're going to zoom classes and then our tests were like take home test which is kind of a joke. I don't know that that doesn't work, you can't send someone attacked like the email you a test and then it's like you have the email it back in a couple hours, that's fine. But like I don't know I kind of suspect that other people were probably like working together and you know it's like I'm not gonna do that so it's I don't I don't like that but um Yeah but so they're close but hopefully they things open back up, I don't know, we'll see, I mean.
SPEAKER_R: because I think in new york, like on world news tonight last night I was watching it, they said they like new york was going to close back down a little bit, I'm not sure what part of new york you're in, so I'm
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: not sure. That's
SPEAKER_L: I'm a little
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: north of Manhattan but not that far, I'm like a Just just north of Manhattan, like 15 miles north of Manhattan. But yeah, I haven't been into the, we don't really go anywhere other than I go shopping, we went to a beach, there's like a couple of little beaches out here uh went to a beach a couple of days ago, but we really haven't traveled anywhere, there's no restrictions on travel, I can get in the car, I can just driving where I want to go. But like a lot of businesses I think they just started opening up. I hadn't heard anything about unless maybe something, I hadn't heard anything about things closing down other than the states where the things were going up like texas and California and florida and stuff. But yeah, I don't know. We'll see. Hopefully. Hopefully it's hopefully it's just a, you know, a blip on the radar and it keeps going down. We'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's pretty scary. I mean I don't know anybody personally, I don't know if you know anybody personally, but I mean it's
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: really scary to cut out how it blew up like that.
SPEAKER_L: No, I don't know. I don't know anybody. In fact we live. I don't know if you remember. But right when this thing started like there's the new rochelle hot spot. That's right where I live. Like that little that
SPEAKER_R: goodness,
SPEAKER_L: little like hotspot thing is like literally like when I go on a run, like I run, I looked at my trail that I run on and I'm like I run through that little hot spot zone. Like I were like in the hot but it's not like it's not like the movie outbreak. You know it's not like that. It's not like there's people, everybody just sick you know a lot of people got sick but it's not widespread as I think some people thought it was. That was funny though. I was for like about two weeks long or like the newer show Hotspot and I'm like, hey man we're like I'm in the ground zero over here.
SPEAKER_R: that's so crazy. And then on the news, I mean obviously I don't live in new york but they're making, like you said they're making new york, well they made new york seemed like just don't go there like it's awful. Everybody has it, everybody's sick.
SPEAKER_L: It's ridiculous. It's so like not Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: it's so I don't know. I don't know. I don't think the numbers bear that out that the resume that Yeah but I mean it's good people take it seriously I guess. But I think yeah I'm not a health expert. But
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: all I know is that going to Costco has been a nightmare for a while. It was really bad. Is it is it bad for you trying to go to like do you go to Costco?
SPEAKER_R: no, but in the beginning I was having such a problem ordering my groceries online because everybody was just bombarding
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: couldn't
SPEAKER_R: the time.
SPEAKER_L: even we couldn't even do it. My wife, you
SPEAKER_R: I'm either.
SPEAKER_L: couldn't even order online. Well that there was one thing it was more expensive and she refused to pay for it. I forgive it was caught like something fresh or something like that. There was something she's like, no, it costs too much. I'm not paying for it. I'm like, all right, fine. But you know where you know where is open is our local asian grocery store has been like, my wife is chinese so it's like sometimes go there anyways. But like I would go to I was going to Costco and I'd be standing in line for an hour before I could get in. I'm like this is crazy. And then one day I said, well I'll just go there asian store and there's like nobody in line. And I don't know if it's because people thought they were going to get the virus because the asian store or something but I would just like walk in there. They had fresh everything. There was no limits on it. Chicken, no limits on. I was like dang, why am I going to Costco? This is this is where it's at. So.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny for me, like we're we're actually are really lucky because we lived in the country um and there's like it's like all forms so the closest door, I mean it's like five minutes in the dollar general, but I feel safe going there. I feel safe like in the area so we can just kind of walking down a general, there's literally nobody there. Um So I'm so thankful that we we live where we were. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: live in and you live in an area that's you know favorable for something like this for sure even us like we live it's kind of a suburban area like you just wouldn't want to be in a dense city. You know, I would think we're you know. Yeah. So it was funny when this first thing was when it first was kind of breaking out. People were still, I would commute on the train into the Manhattan and then I would take actually have electric scooter um To like ride through from Grand Central to where to N. Y. U. But like everyone is still on the subway and they're still and then and then like that for about a week the experts
SPEAKER_R: Trust.
SPEAKER_L: were even the cuomo and they're like yeah it's fine you can you can take the subway and stuff and I'm like these people are crazy like they don't have where's the common sense? And then like a week later there like now they're all hardcore. You know nobody should be doing those like dude where was the common sense? You should have known that then. But that's when they there was about a week long period where it was kind of breaking out that hot something before people actually said stop writing on subways and stop doing that stuff. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: I think we kind of have to kind of way are pros and pros and cons like in a way shall we just kind of like, well just kind of let it flow its course like everybody gets sick or should we close? I mean it's so hard. I'm sure for the president and for anybody to kind of make that decision. So.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's I think it's going to get it's gonna just even if they get a vaccine or whatever, This is not going to disappear and no vaccines or 100%. So it's just gonna spread throughout the country and a vast majority of people are going to get it. And in fact probably you know right now I think they said there's one million something people in the US have already confirmed got it. But then there was some anti body testing studies that showed that it may be like way higher percent of people have already gotten it. So pretty soon this is gonna like within a matter of months within a year. This thing is going to spread probably throughout the entire country regardless of the vaccine. So yeah. I don't know. I'm glad I'm not older and sick right now but those people should be protected. But then I feel like the younger people, I don't know if we need to lock down as hard as we're all being locked down personally. But that's just me.
SPEAKER_R: No, no I agree. I feel like it's everybody kind of personal like preference if they want to go out, let him go out. If you don't feel comfortable going out, then stay home that I feel the same way, definitely.
SPEAKER_L: It's pretty funny. I went to high school, you went to the beach and I go to the, I'm looking at the time, here is 3 24 or something. Let's go for two or three more minutes maybe or something. But I
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: tells
SPEAKER_L: the beach,
SPEAKER_R: you the time it was a minute late.
SPEAKER_L: I go to, I go to the beach and it's like masks required, right? So everyone's wearing, it's like, it's like, no, no, no master required on the sides. You get there. But the second you walked through the gate, there's hundreds of people on the beach and not one of them was wearing a mask. I didn't even, I didn't even really click in my mind until like I got to near the water and I laid down the towels until the kids go out and play and the kids, I didn't have wearing masks because they're just kind of whatever. But for me, I'm wearing, I'm looking around, there's like, I'm the only person wearing a mask And and we, I wasn't near anybody. Like I was easily 15ft away from even the closest person, so I didn't really care if I was wearing a mask. But I just thought that's hilarious that like, you know, you can't walk into the beach through the gate without a mask. But then once you got there, you know, it's, it's one of these beaches, you have to be out here. I mean, I'm used to California where you just go to the beach, that's where I'm from in this, you don't pay to go to the beach, but out here on the East Coast, it's like every beach you go, so you have to pay for. It's kind of ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: That is ridiculous. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It is. Enrico's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Not down here. Yeah. It's free down here.
SPEAKER_L: At least in this area. Like in this uh New York area. Like all these beaches are like little private beaches, they don't charge a ton. It's like $5 an adult or something. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's kind of crazy to actually wear a mask outside. I don't understand that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I go I run on a trail, but like I was saying this trail by my house and it's like I see, I go usually run pretty much every day about three miles. And I go out there and I never wear a mask in the money. But I see people out there with massive like half of them are wearing masks and it's like I don't you don't even run into that many people. I'm like, why are you running with them? Asking people. Some people really take this very seriously. And I guess it's good, but I don't if there's no one around me that match would definitely be done around my neck or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's right.
SPEAKER_L: be in my pocket. You know, I want to go
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: by
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: someone. I just pulled my if I see they're wearing a mask, I just pulled my shirt up. I mean, you know, So Mhm. Been telling my kids that forever. Like if you sneeze, pull your shirt up, do this, don't use your hands. Just use your shirt. Everybody was making fun of me before, but I'm pretty sure I was right. That's right. So, But anyways, I think, are we are we at 25 minutes?
SPEAKER_R: I think we are so we should be good.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, it was really nice meeting you. Thanks for the tips and good luck with your new baby and everything appreciate that. I'm going to check out that focus forward thing and see what I can
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: make
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: happen.
SPEAKER_R: definitely,
SPEAKER_L: I could I could always use some more toilet paper.
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: Easy.
SPEAKER_R: was nice to meet you as well and good luck with all the kids.