Hi, wow,
Can you hear me okay?
I'm sorry. I'm a minute late.
Sorry, my volume up a minute. All right. So it's like we have to talk for 25 minutes.
I have not.
I think you can really talk about anything you want. So
nice to meet you chris. I'm jen,
I mean maybe just life, I guess. I mean unless you had a better idea.
Okay. So, well tell me about like your living situation. Do you have any pets? Do you have any kids?
that's awesome. So
like what, what state do you live in?
Oh, new york go here. So
I'm,
yeah, well, I'm actually from pennsylvania, but we moved to Virginia and I have one son. I have another one on the way and
that's fun. But six kids, I can only imagine. I'm already kind of crying with another one. So
I'm
sure that some,
so he's one he's little. Yeah. So I feel like the younger they are, the tougher they are.
can't
wait.
So I live in Virginia,
yeah, kind of by Richmond um so it's not too bad. Yeah, so I used to live in pennsylvania and like I don't know if you're familiar with pennsylvania um kind
of like by
Delaware
water gap area,
you know, if you
know where that
is,
but you know like where the Allentown area is or no
in pennsylvania.
So are you obviously you're stationed in new york?
That's
Okay, so I, yes, I work full time for a industrial manufacturing company. Um and we of course are closed, so I've been working here and there from home, it is still full time, however, the hours are a little bit more lenient, thank goodness. Um but yeah, and then I do have my bachelors in accounting, however, I really not using it obviously. Um but yeah, other than that I'm pretty much doing the same thing as you, I'm trying to find other alternatives online, especially being home now so much and with you know the bills and stuff so um so it's kind of interesting to find other avenues online, you know to make money
so we make, it's pretty silly, it's actually trash and recycle bins for businesses. Um So something you really don't think about, but that's what we make um And we make up for parks, we make um like shaped like frogs bear,
so it's yeah it's just different things, it's pretty cool, it's it's a company I probably would have never thought of, you know, I don't think about that kind of stuff. Um But people spend money on these things and they're very expensive so
I would
never,
so we don't customize them for the customer, we only have like a certain amount of like animals. So I think we have like the bear from, we are trying to introduce like a train. Um But like we can't
customize a
you
know
like they want
to like
well it's crazy because we so we're actually headquartered in the UK so all of my coworkers like are from the UK, it's only like a few of us that are from the US. So what they do is they actually make them in the U. K. And then they ship them to us. So it's all the same company but we actually don't make them here I guess it's cheaper to make them over there. Um So like I don't really see the process but we can I mean they sent this video so we kind of know a little bit about it but I really don't know the whole process but I just know that it takes a lot of time and effort and we can't just make one, it wouldn't be worth it, you know the money wise so
but it's definitely definitely interesting like do you have any do you have any pets or anything or? No, I'm sure with six
kids
and somehow.
I have a cat and it's honestly the same thing, it's not my cat, it's my husband's cat but it's gonna obviously it's my cat now because I take care of it. Um But yeah we have a cat and obviously we have a son, I'm gonna have another son. I feel like pets are just, it's just a lot of work that you don't even a cat who really isn't that much work. Um I mean having a pet and kids and little kids, it's
so I can only imagine with six kids, I mean a pet would be, yeah, we just be too much.
yeah,
um I really don't have time for hobbies, but honestly, like my biggest thing is just saving money, I guess that's my hobby. So
keep running.
definitely.
How much?
your money up?
Nothing,
what would you get paid for them?
It's so funny because beer money actually, I, I use their money and their money has, they have a lot of great ideas. Um I have not tried Savoie books at all. I heard, you know, kind of mixed reviews on there. I haven't tried it.
Um the panels I'm with that I signed up with our obviously prolific mturk. I actually got into them like a long time ago, thank gosh, I still have my account um
because they're really hard to get into an Amtrak. You actually can make really decent money on there. I don't know if you try to jerk
or anything,
it's really hard to get into it. It really is, I think now it's just so many people like trying to get into it once. Um but yeah, there if you ever get into it it's so worth it. Like you can make really good money on there may be like, like personally I do like Maybe three hours a day, I make $20 so I think that's pretty good. Um Other panels, I mean I don't know about you but like there's a lot of like focus groups that
I
know
of
your money.
I mean those are actually surprisingly, I actually got into like three of them last last week and they were like 150 each so they are definitely worth it
and
sometimes
it's literally you just have to like fixing the toilet paper and you have to try it for the week.
I
mean
it's
so they have um focus forward.
Yeah honestly a lot of them are like websites and they have a whole bunch Um
responded as a good one. Those are probably the two big ones. But I mean it's just fun.
You get to meet new people, you get to try new products and they pay you for it so
you can't
be.
I was like perfect
timing
especially now it's so hard to find toilet paper.
I'm
trying to get other panels. Um Like there's a lot of panels that like I'm sure with swag bucks you do like surveys. Um. What?
No no no no no no no I was just gonna say with like survey sites.
I'm
sure swag box is the same. But when you start doing surveys they start opening up doors for like new panels and
new.
That's
the.
Yeah they and they pay more those ones
so there is a focus forward
and they just do studies and then there is respondent and they just do studies. But you have to remember you could fill out like 10 10 10 a day but you won't you know you probably won't get picked. So I mean if you get picked for one or two that's great. But don't you know like people fill out and they're like oh my god I'm not getting picked but the chances are so low but it once you do get picked it's so worth it because you make really good money, something like that. And I think I'm not sure if you do like uh like use your testing,
that's on
your
mind.
but that's another one where like you can make good money, but of course you're going to screen,
you
probably get screened out for like 90% of them, but once you get that 10% it's worth it. You know,
he is going to be here in october
That's terrible. Yeah.
yeah, that's hard. Did you have a boy or a girl?
What
you I mean at least you have that girl though,
And
that's crazy now is uh is school, I'm guessing closed obviously where you are? We're adding everywhere were
because I think in new york, like on world news tonight last night I was watching it, they said they like new york was going to close back down a little bit, I'm not sure what part of new york you're in, so I'm
not sure. That's
true.
Yeah, it's pretty scary. I mean I don't know anybody personally, I don't know if you know anybody personally, but I mean it's
really scary to cut out how it blew up like that.
goodness,
that's so crazy. And then on the news, I mean obviously I don't live in new york but they're making, like you said they're making new york, well they made new york seemed like just don't go there like it's awful. Everybody has it, everybody's sick.
Thank you.
No,
no, but in the beginning I was having such a problem ordering my groceries online because everybody was just bombarding
all
the time.
I'm either.
That's funny for me, like we're we're actually are really lucky because we lived in the country um and there's like it's like all forms so the closest door, I mean it's like five minutes in the dollar general, but I feel safe going there. I feel safe like in the area so we can just kind of walking down a general, there's literally nobody there. Um So I'm so thankful that we we live where we were. Uh huh.
Trust.
I think we kind of have to kind of way are pros and pros and cons like in a way shall we just kind of like, well just kind of let it flow its course like everybody gets sick or should we close? I mean it's so hard. I'm sure for the president and for anybody to kind of make that decision. So.
No, no I agree. I feel like it's everybody kind of personal like preference if they want to go out, let him go out. If you don't feel comfortable going out, then stay home that I feel the same way, definitely.
I know.
It
tells
you the time it was a minute late.
That is ridiculous. Yeah.
Yeah. Not down here. Yeah. It's free down here.
Yeah, I think it's kind of crazy to actually wear a mask outside. I don't understand that.
Yeah, that's right.
You
know?
I think we are so we should be good.
you
can
definitely,
It
was nice to meet you as well and good luck with all the kids.