Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah.
Hi how are you?
I'm doing good thanks. Where are you from?
I'm from Idaho. One of the states that gets confused with the Ohio.
I was.
I know right. I dunno Iowa and Ohio all get passed over like they're not part of the country but.
Well we're here brothers. That's funny. Well my name is Evan and I go by E. J. Following.
Hi I have a niece named Maddie
Marilyn actually.
Cool. Yeah. Madeline. So yep. And uh This is my number five video check.
Well
third one okay this is number five from me so far. They've gone all good except for one. Uh
What was one was really rough. He he poor guy didn't ask me any questions. I was clothing him with whole bunch of questions and it was like
a little bit a little bit. It's like
it's like you do know you're doing the conversation study right? Like.
that's funny. So what do you do for a living?
Well
our,
and
to be a general doctor or a specialist or what kind
of?
Oh that's cool. That's
been
that's something I'll never have to deal with ever. Sure um Me I I am currently unemployed. I don't trying to let my disability to stop me. Uh Just some times uh finding employment with disability can be challenged even though I have, even though I have a bachelor's degree in mass communication like
um so I went to school at Boise state and got a degree in radio and print journalism and then decided that um that field was extremely competitive, tried to get a job and it even lived on top of a tv station in a converted apartment building once tried to apply for the job and I didn't get one. So um it's been rough off and on I deal with um period periods of time when I'm really like excited about the job search and I want to like put everything I have into it and then sometimes it's just like why am I drying just to get rejected again? So
but you you have it all figure it out because you went to school for a specific purpose for a specific job and see if we could all go to school for a specific job. I think school would be a lot better. Well,
so
well the key word there is path, I guess you have a career path, but it's one little take time to go down. So
hi, I have a dog, her
name is Reba
and
even yeah, like Reba McEntire, yep. And uh I don't know if you'll be able to see her because she's so short, but ever come here, come here river, come on England come in. She was like, nope, I'm not moving.
Uh huh But she is an Australian cattle dog. So
she's
gonna,
she's got a really interesting color to her. She's brownish black and kind of orange type all mention them. So
I've had her for two months, so brand new. Um
She's six years old. I got her actually from a facebook group, uh re homing pits and I got her from there and I'm better like I said since august and we're seriously closed and I love a lot. So um I did have a service animal um like a legit certified uh from an organization that trains dogs for people with disabilities that are not blind. Um um My last dog from that organization, his name was Rambo. Uh and uh He died at the age of 10. Uh he died um almost a year ago, So it's been client rough, but I'm a dog person. I'm not married, I'm single. I'm not going to have kids. Uh, so I have dogs and yeah, I just, I
like, so
Exactly. So how long you been on prolific? Well,
of
course,
two
months.
Well, yeah, me too. I found it actually, I found it actually through a youtube video. Somebody didn't review on prolific and I found it through there and
that's cool. That's cool. Um, I uh, do not like consumer research studies. I don't like where you put in 45 minutes and they give you a couple of pennies for your time with
the ridiculous, so prolific was really awesome. And uh, I was like, I, I can do that. So I've been on for about two months myself and it's been going good so far. So
no, they're like, we're gonna go higher. The guy in the middle of no name Eido
right, and then everybody should. Exactly. So
um my dad was in the Air Force so we moved a lot and uh he also was a doctor, he uh he worked in the emergency department.
Good.
Well.
what?
They have to be healthier so
yeah. So actually I probably could have been delivered by your dad because I was born three months early.
Yeah, I was born at 27 weeks and I have a twin sister, her name is Amanda. And and the crazy thing that they're awesome thing is that Amanda has no and the cowboy physical challenge or mental challenger, anything like that. She could have been born at nine months and nobody would have known the difference. Like it's absolutely crazy that we were both born at the same time, but she came out just fine, so
go,
I'm, I must have, I don't know, I must, there's not room in here for the two of us. No, go.
That's funny. In fact, what makes that even funnier? She's four minutes older than I am.
as for me,
you know how it goes. But um it's funny because on our birthday, what I'll do is I'll give her a call on the phone because she lives in a book and you don't uh here in Idaho, and I'll give her a call on the phone. And yeah, it shows there's something like I'm busy. I I gotta go and um it's really busy around here and then we'll hang up and four minutes later she calls me on the phone, that's me. Happy birthday. So it's kind of funny,
that's funny. Um it's unbelievable how much we're discovering we have in common,
because
because I was born, my twin sister and I were born on my dad's birthday, and we have one other sibling that's seven years older than us, that was born on his birthday as well, so there are four of us
in the same family,
it
was
we've
done
a whole bunch of different, so we've had, we've added up all the candles and put them on one cake, we've had four
different cakes we've had, so we've done a whole bunch of different stuff, but I agree being born on your dad's birthday is pretty cool.
one time we had, I don't know, like 104 and um the smoke alarm went off in the house because of all the candles, so
it
would
have
been
great. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. So
I do, I am Believe it or not. five sisters And two brothers and they're all order than me. Yes,
I am. Yes, I am and uh I don't know if you when the conversation is done and you go through the questions, one of the questions is how much did your partner self disclose to you and um not to make this like this big self disclosure or whatever, but um I'm not super close to my siblings because I'm different in a lot of ways, not just my disability, but in a lot of ways I'm different from a lot of my siblings, they're all married, they have kids, they all have jobs, they all are spread out across the country and um I have a very interesting situation where yeah, and I don't know why I'm telling you this because I haven't told anyone of the other conversationalists. Mhm But maybe there's some reason because who knows, we have a lot in common as it is already. But um, I feel like I am physically a lot bigger than I am on the inside. And so I looked like a fully grown person that it sounds like a boy grown person. But if you look around my room, I have puzzles on the wall. I have spiderman curtains. I have a spiderman birth that I have. So I'm much more of a younger type of person. Mm My family doesn't like to except that uh also we are a different religion, different faith. So my old family is one faith and then I'm the other one. So I tend to stick out a little bit, but for
people
and I don't try to be mean. I just try to, it's hard when you can't relate. It's like avoiding the Chevy, you know, it's like with cars. We both came from the same, you know, family cars, but we're very, very different
and so good. I grew up in mormon culture. So
yeah. So if you know about mormons marriage and family is a big, big, big, big deal. And so if I'm not married and you don't have kids and you don't and that my, my whole family is mormon and I'm not, I love the mormon church. I actually,
oh yeah, it's hard. It's not like, it's not like you just don't show up the church one sunday. Like it's all official and you appropriate leave and
lot.
What?
correct
visit and all that stuff. Well,
Well,
And she's
not
like,
she won't, you know, get up and tell people, Hey, I'm mormon, you know, like that. What what?
Well,
so much of what they teach is, I mean they say they're not judgmental people, but I feel like they kind
of are, oh,
backwards. So
wow, this has been kind of a really neat conversation. I'm glad that we want to have it. Um It's kind of funny. You never know who you're gonna get. It's like a, you know, a good
one.
Well,
I know,
I don't even know where chatter
is still around, but
what
bit off? Uh
What?
I know. That's hilarious. Well, I, I notice you're wearing a Notre dame switch or did you go to Notre dame or?
Well.
Oh,
that's so cool.
That's
so
good.
Have you uh of course you, Have you seen the movie Rudy?
No way. That's so cool.
Well,
of
Hello
Rudy
Rudy.
That's funny. Huh? That's cool. Uh, definitely. Um, well, I think actually we're just a few seconds short. I would decline. I think we're a few seconds short. But what on the question for you? Are you speaking of broody? Are you, uh, big sports fan? The like sports? Are
you
lending?
What?
Well
and girls?
Well,
I like ice hockey. Professional baseball
and football. Actually. Professional football more than college. Which, which is kind of funny because I went to a good college for football. Like Notre the way she states a good college through football. Um, but yeah, those are what I kind of, I'm into, I'll watch college every now and then. But what's frustrating about college football to me is that not every school has a chance at the national championship, so you can really never determine a national champion because not every college has a chance to play for the national championship. So
well,
well, okay, let me get started on them for his music. The world actually was named that because of the world do that. Um, That first did a story on the championship between the too late to baseball leagues and that's why they called it the World Series. Um, because of the world gazette or whatever newspaper it was. But since that time they have created the, they have created the World Baseball Classic, which plays every four years. Kind of like the olympics and teams from around the world do can be in that. And uh, the Dominican republic actually one for the first, no, not not Dominican republic. Would it depends anyway. It was a country that was not the United States. They won back to back for the first two years.
And so there's not a World series in the major leagues, but there's a World Series in the World Baseball classic that that they have. So
I don't know if well,
of course they were supposed to have it like this this year, but they don't because of the Covid. So what what?
What? Because a lot of people asking they're like, so tell
me Mr. Bean for me. Any words? Mm hmm.
Well, Maddie. Thank you very much. It was a pleasure
to radio.
Absolutely. It was it was so much better. And uh, And good luck on your other two Or three conversations that you have come out now.
Yes, they do.
All right. Thank you.
You do today.