Hello.
I'm good. Well how are you?
I'm from Ohio. What about you?
One of the you know most
passed over states after. Ohio.
We're here. I promise.
j Nice to meet you. Money is Maddie.
Oh is it short for Madeline or Madison?
That's mine too. It's a good name.
Oh look at you. This is my
3rd 1.
no.
And your your back hurt from carrying the weight of that conversation.
What
you got to talk? Mhm.
I'm in
school.
I'm in a medical school right now. So um I'm in my my second year so like 2.5 more years and then I'll be a doctor. So
exciting.
So
um you don't really decide until your third year. So next year is when I have more of an experience within all of the different fields of medicine and that's how you you decide. Um But I'm interested in women's health so I would hope that I would like to go into a specialty um where I can work with like pregnant woman, I think that's really cool. So something like that.
What about
you?
Well
Yeah, I found discouraging in a lot of ways.
it's yeah, but for me at least the hard part was I had to you know compete really hard to get into medical school and then after I graduate I still have to compete for a spot in my residency. So I have like four years of residency after medical school. Um And that's still like competitive as well. So you're
right where I I am very lucky that I have like a career path but it's still so stressful, so.
Exactly. Yeah. Well that's I'm sure that's really hard for you to you know keep keep searching and keep trying. But sorry, this is my cat, my name is T. F.
you're
Like
the singer.
no.
fine. She have
a lot of
energy.
How long have you had her for?
not a long time.
That's
A man's best friend, Right. What more could you ask for? Okay.
only
about
like two or three months kind of like, I think since august, so what would that be? Two months?
Not
very long. Yeah.
Yeah, someone on, on reddit was posting about it and I saw it and I was like, I can use some money um and it's been great.
this
maybe they'll they'll hear you saying this because they probably go back and watch our video and maybe they'll hire you, you know, because you're speaking so positively about it.
If somebody in Idaho likes our website then it must be a good one. Right,
are you from Idaho originally? Did you grow up there?
Pretty pretty useful for the Air Force. My
parents were actually both in the Air Force and my dad was a doctor in the Air Force to but
he he also he's um he's a high risk O. B. G. Y. N. So he delivers all the babies that are like very high risk, so people who have like triplets or quadruplets or moms who have like other diseases who are having a baby. Um So he actually ended up leaving the Air Force
because there aren't a lot of those very high risk pregnancies among women who are in the Air Force because they tend to be you know in really good shape and
have to be super healthy. Right? Yeah.
Oh my goodness, that's really pretty mature.
you must have been like kicking her out of the womb then you're like Amanda, it's
time to go.
Out of here.
Oh you definitely pushed her out did
you to growing up where she always like you have to listen to me, I'm four minutes older than you. Or did she not she not do that? Oh yeah.
Well that is so fun, I like that a lot. My my dad and I we have the same birthday um and I'm the oldest kid in my family so I always I always just tell them like dad I'm not going to get you a birthday present this year because you've got the best birthday present ever of your entire life when I was born, so you don't even need a present today.
I
know it's crazy. Yeah.
Oh. Oh my God,
you must have
had
massive parties for your birthdays
or
celebration.
No.
Yeah, that's so funny, wow, that's so fun though for all of you guys to get to do that, but I've imagined english like a giant cake with so many candles on it.
You
have
too
many
fires.
Do you have any other siblings that you have? Your sister and then your sibling who is seven years older than you,
so you're the baby? Yeah.
that
can make it hard when you don't have, you know, all of those things to share and you're at different, you know, places on your journey in life. So I understand that.
very different. Yeah. Well I mean like I'm not married, I don't I don't even have a significant other, I don't plan on having Children anytime soon. So I mean, I can't even really, you know, with people like that, so I don't think it's necessarily bad, but I can imagine it's just hard and I'm sorry that you have to go through that.
your family's all mormon.
that's, that's really brave of you. I've heard that's difficult to do sometimes.
You, I'm sure you lose out
on a lot of like, you can't, you can't do certain things anymore because of it. Yeah,
there's a, there's a significant amount of people who are mormon um here in Ohio, not not nearly as much as like Utah and Idaho Idaho half, but I know some people who, who are mormon when I was growing up. Mhm. Um It's interesting, one of, one of my friends from high school, her family was mormon um but they don't agree with a lot of the mormon like faith and beliefs. So
there,
there are a lot more, I think tolerant of like other people, other faiths, like more diversity and things like that than um you seeing a lot of the mormon church. So it's been interesting to talk to my friend and she, I mean,
I don't think she's officially left it, but she doesn't like, it doesn't really support anything like the mormon Church does anymore. And it's interesting to like hear from her side. So I'm sure you have similar
stories
to
tell,
Yeah. I think her, the only reason she still tries to associate with the church is to kind of, you know, spread her ideas to other people will be like, hey, it's not cool if you are super intolerant of people around you, like that's not a good way to live and like hey, it's not okay to, you know, just tell other people are going to hell if they don't agree with what you agree, you know? So I think it's really great that she's been able to like I don't know how effective it is, but at least you know tell people that kind of thing and spread, you know,
being a good person
hey.
well not, I'm not trying to like, you know hate on your family's religion. But I grew up, I grew up catholic which is different but they have, there are a lot of really, really strict Catholics who are are similar in the way where they say that you know you love your neighbor as yourself, you know, you like live the way jesus would want you to and you really like love everybody but they don't practice that and it's like how can you say like, oh I'm following the words of the bible but not you know not accept everybody and I think that you're better because you're catholic or because you're a white person and it makes me really frustrated. So
I understand you.
little bit safer
than chat, relax. I don't think there are any like predatory
people. Hopefully
there like that
there,
I remember in like middle school, my friends and I would joke about
going on that website but we were always so scared we would like turn our videos off and we would just like talk to me a sound to random people and my mom would find out she'd be like that's so dangerous. Stop doing that.
now
here I am making money talking to people on the internet.
Yes sir. So yeah
I loved I loved it. Um even though it's a catholic school and I have my my issues Catholicism, but I loved it so much. You can my hero. Um
And uh Notre dame sign right here and I made this is supposed to go it alone. Just like this is a picture of my friends from college. Oh,
so
thanks
man.
Thanks man.
Oh, I love the movie Rudy um Something really fun they do for Notre Dame students is the first week of school. They let everybody go into the football stadium and you bring blankets and you bring pillows and stuff and you lay down on the football field and then they show Rudy on the like jumbotron in the stadium.
How cool. And then when Rudy um like goes
in the football game at the end of the movie um the like scoreboard,
it says like now entering Rudy
and then they have like the score
of the actual
on the scoreboard. Really fun.
I
love I
love college football because
you know
Notre Dave. Um
So that's
my big, my big one. What about you?
Well,
Well then how how do you feel about professional baseball where they win
the World Series but they don't let all the other countries play?
wow. I had no idea. That's so interesting,
interesting.
It
You were so prepared to answer that question that I had.
But
that's funny. Okay. Well it looks like we are probably good on time. But
it was
it was nice to talk to you. I hope this one was a little better than you're you're not so good. Other call.
You get one more after this. Right,
okay. Well have a good time on that one too.
Yeah. Have a good rest of your night.