Hello.
Yes. Everything. Okay. Mhm. Yeah
my
name is cha uh nice cock. Yeah.
No.
Uh
T. C. Is uh your first time to do this? Can't are coming?
Oh this is my second. Yeah I have a chance to get yeah a few days ago. Yeah. Mhm.
What how do you do you today?
Oh you're a college student? Yeah.
Uh
Go online or in class?
Okay. So you
Yeah. I mean in florida where weak state are you?
new york how
uh kissing me
uh South florid Orlando you know I don't you happily now. Yeah. I'm close just uh one hour drought to Orlando. Yeah.
Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah we yeah we are under uh if I drive to my army yeah definitely go through a neighbor. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Well yeah it's connected. You know I'm uh I got
my PhD degree you know this many years ago. Uh University and our veneer. Yeah
I'm
a study chemistry. Yeah.
Uh did you are you uh so first year college or
your
How do you like so far? Yeah, your
colleagues
have.
Yeah, definitely. It is a special year. Uh many things uh it's not normal. Yeah. How?
Yeah, go ahead.
I'm doing research still in chemistry. I'm working in the lab. Chemistry lab. I'm doing, you know, organic chemistry things to say is compounds how you are being a camp from comes thriller
high school. General. Yeah.
What?
Carney.
Yeah, I just do our daily work is the level of uh lab work and some uh we make we uh we do some drug discovery research. Uh well here I'm working in uh institute, so we have chemistry lab, biological lab, we make compounds, the biological lab test the compound. So it will uh we do grant we do outside product too. So a lot of, you know, it's not like a a lot of so you can your your your everyday activity, you can make plan on your own, you know, that's the back uh doing research. Yeah. Uh
we
little later we can come in a little bit later. Now powered bus. Yeah.
Well
uh so when you got graduate, are you going to continue to study for higher degree or go to were any plan yet or now?
Well
just be there with the course, you know, it's a lot of workload problem. Are
you
studying forecast? That's uh I
remember when you have a lot to college student when I was in graduate school. Yeah. Especially a midterm, the end of term. Yeah,
that's
the really uh late in library, you know the podcast.
Yeah,
You you really right now a lot of, you know, product work is uh it's done, you know in groups. How about right now you do yourself the product you still groups to work on
the same
but
but
It's a okay, it's kind of you know, I I think I call you to life is the best time. Uh you know, person's life, I still mean um you know, I really not too much worry, I don't I don't just study it, that's the and making for us. Uh
No.
What?
yeah, you have friends can help you. You know, I saw a lot of problem, you know when you get some some trouble you can go to your friends for help. It's definitely are you away from home more? Uh Yeah,
that's uh that's
what
my friends running.
I went to my friends. I have uh I was in college in college. In university are burning. Yeah. I have friends. Uh uh Radka. Yeah. Yeah. It's also drive a few hours weekend. We just went there to meet friends too together, you know? Uh Something for fire. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like I like uh drive a lot. uh 87 highway. I still remember that a lot of experience going to New york city, going to New Jersey. Uh Yeah.
How
we also we we can also help help a bus trip to New york city.
So every week. Every week. Yeah.
laura. But.
Lance just uh
Well
It's best you know the U. N. Uh semester early. You can get home her that it's not a normal time. But there's a still a lot of seem to enjoy. Yeah a
lot. Mhm. I remember that the colleague you really have a lot of parties to better problem that this year this semester.
Yeah.
Good. But
are you are you cooking or just like uh how dinner like emperor? So?
a little bit.
I I probably know some of you because when I was in the University of Albany you know that's a college Sainte Rose yeah is a small uh college. Very nice. They you know because my one of my friends uh actually yeah you know in that college yes uh they the college barter all the apartments around the campus you know and then they feel to the uh there are students I think probably yeah
just walk to the campus. Just a nearby where?
Yeah.
We
We uh in here, you know the the scene really, the state gets close to start from March actually as early in March and then start the beginning we take really care uh uh These things we take a lot of precautions, we think all the measures of what we can do, you know, besides uh following the guidance, you know, keep social distance and wash hand uh that kind of thing every day. Uh We went home actually, yeah, we take, you know, we wash our clothes immediately or we just back putting a back type and wash uh wake, you know, so we we we do a lot of washing and we take so far so we we we are good so
far.
We actually didn't stop uh a single day. No we have no single day to not go back. So we go where we keep our job. All right.
Yeah that's the bad part. Didn't uh actually affect too much our life if you lose go. That's a big thing. That's big. Yeah.
Look.
Yeah, we feel really lucky. Uh Well we
do
our best and we were uh
in our work working place when we go out to shopping grocery, we we were a mask with yeah uh when we get back yeah we took off our clothes and look at the wash.
That's
the
we don't want bigger any chance two you know, we don't
know how serious how but the news really really serious. A lot of people uh got infected uh every day. How a new case is new cases, but the number right now uh coming down here
left.
Mhm.
What? But?
Yeah.
I have family. I my wife and my daughter. Yes, I probably need to ask you something about applying for college for university. Uh My daughter is middle school, seventh grade probably yeah, just a little bit too far away to think better. We want to think what's the process you go through, you know applying the college,
you
do it the most part of yourself. No,
that
Ready?
correct.
Mhm.
it's
good,
Good.
Yeah, it's good to hear your experience. So you you mentioned you're much uh what's the parents row, you know, drink. Um These process was over only consulting you for you. Um
but
mm.
Mhm.
definitely
not definitely not. But yeah
thank you for sharing your experience. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Uh huh.
She
like us, she liked drawing. He really
spent a lot of time drawing.
Are
we every semester? Uh a little bit of difference uh Different focus uh This uh she like a lot of civics a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Social
study. Yeah.
Yeah.
What
my daughter really liked drawing. He can spend the whole day drawing a picture.
Yeah. Yeah it's a really nice talking with you. Uh Yeah. Uh you remind me you know when I was young in the college. The good time. Yeah. I really enjoy your college day. Yeah.
Mhm. Thank you. Thank you. Good luck everything. Yeah.
Thank you.
Bye bye
bye
bye