Hello? Can you hear me? All right,
Yeah, so hi, my name is Sophia,
Don't.
Yeah,
nice to meet you. Mhm.
Mhm.
this is my first time participating.
Very nice.
I'm doing pretty good. Had a long day of classes. I'm a college student. So
this is so finished uh somewhat long day of classes. But yeah
and okay,
I'm at school, so technically on campus, but most of my classes are on zoom anyway,
Like there I have like some smaller classes of like 10 or so people that are in person, but most of the large ones are entirely online.
I'm in new york
where in florida and you live
where in florida are you?
I have I have some family who live in more um western florida near like the Naples area.
Yeah,
Thank.
What did you get your PhD
in?
I um I am uh cognitive science major, so um going for my undergrad right now, but um probably looking to go further with that.
Um I'm in my junior
year. Yeah, so.
I
like
it. What? Yeah, I'm having a good time though, I mean yeah, coronavirus, it's been it's been interesting uh not knowing whether or not you're going to be sent home for the um like for the semester or for the year and just kind of the uncertainty of it, but um outside of all of that it's been a lot of fun. Mm.
So um oh
I was gonna I was gonna ask you what you do. Uh
I have been,
in high school, I definitely
did. Um I've
been in a um neuroscience lab right now, but I haven't been in a chemistry one recently.
Yeah. The
freedom just
the freedom to make your own schedule
and task list,
it's still mostly undecided there, I'm not sure what I'm going to end up doing. I'm definitely interested in maybe continuing on with higher education. Um I've been starting to participate in um labs as an undergraduate on campus now and I'm I'm liking doing that so I'm looking into maybe going on to get um a master's degree but. Uh huh. Still you need to sit down
and think about that. Um So yes.
Pay attention
to midterms
Mhm.
You
had.
I'm very glad that even even through the pandemic the library remains open so you can still spend unending hours um
sitting there studying.
what
a lot of work this semester has been more individual
to avoid
having to either schedule. Like obviously you don't want to be scheduling things in person, so then um whatever group projects there are have been mostly through group chats or through video messaging, um things like that, so but it's it's I've seen a lot more projects that I think probably were group projects become individual projects this semester, so.
Yeah. Yeah and I I have the good luck to have two of my closest friends are my roommates, so I actually to see them in person and
then everyone else is we're not supposed to be going into anyone else's room so that I but I have two people I get along with very well in
in my room is very uh very good, but.
Uh huh.
I'm
originally
from yeah, I'm originally from New Jersey, so I'm in new york for school, not super far, but still uh a bit of it.
huh.
Yeah,
but
Yeah, taking the day trips and having fun the first
time.
Who,
That would be nice. I'm a little bit too far in new york to be too far north in new york to be really getting down to new york city every weekend. But oh, I wish I could.
yeah, it's we've been trying because one of the other things about this semester is I think most schools, I'm not sure if it's the same around where you are, but most schools have said we're going to try and end the semester early, so they've taken away all of the holidays, so we don't have any brakes were just running straight through.
So it's gotten to the point where like, oh man, I'm missing the columbus day weekend, whatever the whatever
the holidays are to be like a long weekend have just been. It's interesting how much um you get used to the pattern of, well this is a federal holiday, so I don't, I know that I'm going to have a break, but no. Yeah.
Yeah.
not this year, yeah. Uh
this year in very particular parties are not a good idea.
But
yeah, I live in a,
technically the school owns this apartment building, but it's not on campus. So we do have our own full kitchen and my two roommates and I are cooking are all of our meals for, for the most part unless we cheat and go out to dinner. But yeah, for the most part I'm doing, we're doing our own cooking, which has been pretty good this semester.
Yeah,
it's it's very similar to that and that um yeah they've bought most of the real estate directly surrounding campus so guaranteed places for the upperclassmen to live. Yeah. So uh
though I'm um do you have like how have you and your family been doing in quarantine these
last, yeah.
That's
good.
that's good,
Yeah but but
that's really that's very good. Good luck there. Yeah.
I'm
good.
Mhm.
Back
that's
the solution where.
that make,
that's good.
Yeah, it's good to see them in in decline. Yeah. Right. Um
But yeah I'm glad with the with all the precautions that I was definitely over the summer a lot more, any time I leave the house, come back, take immediately take a shower and wash all all of the clothes. Um Because I was uh had my normal part time job over the summer so needing to completely
just wash yourself anytime you went out of the house. Um I think that's one of the things of like anytime um
like my sister works from home so she just doesn't ever leave. Whereas people who then if you if you leave you leave to go and work you leave to get your groceries and then you just wash everything okay.
Um All right well so
mostly
yeah I I really like where I ended up um I think you don't ever like you
you're doing all of this work of like comparing the statistics of schools and like oh is this one going to give me a better education and then comparing costs and and there's all of these numbers going through. Um But there's also I think when I ended up actually coming here um it was a sense of like ooh I like the people here was also um kind of important but just the general process I guess started when I was in like late sophomore early junior
year of high school, just going on like tours of
different rules. Um Getting figuring out what I wanted to major in was a bit of a big thing of what program should I be looking at. Um And just kind of as early as you can go to, just like even in late sophomore year of high school, just like go on a college tour. Just that you know what they're like, like what is a college look like? Um What
do I want a big school? Do I want a little school doing a school that's right in the middle of a city or do I want to school that's in its own separated college town kind of thing. Um And just kind of trying to figure out what your preferences are. And then throughout late junior year and early senior year, it was very much a let me make a list of and like somewhat ranking the list on what your preferences were, but um I can remember we had my mother and I worked on like this big excel sheet because my family is big on like charts and things, so we had this huge excel sheet that was just like all of the schools I was interested in, and then slowly whittling that down into a number that you could be like, I'm going to apply to these ones. Mhm. Mhm. And then once the applications are in, it's just a matter of seeing what comes back and then whatever comes back with an acceptance. Um I think the thing that made helps me choose what university I was ultimately going to go to because I think I got into three schools, I want to say. And going to each of they have like they all will have accepted students days or like new student weekend or whatever where you can like go on campus and go to an event. Um and just kind of it's not a scientific like
this
was it was like
a feeling of like I like it here.
it was it was a my mother was definitely very helpful in the process of that. We were working together to like make the list. Like I would put schools on the list and she would put schools on the list and then like, I'd sit down and be like, all right, let me actually look at these schools and be like I I like this one I don't like this one this one is too big. And then like as there's like there's a million
different like search engines in online in places to be like um put in criteria and I will give you a list of all the schools in the US that that fit those those criteria. Um So it can be a little bit overwhelming. But I I think the biggest thing that my mother helped with was just being like a sounding board of like I feel like this well why why do you like that? Do you like it because it's a small school or do you like it because it's a small program? Like why are you feeling like that? Oh I don't know I think it's what I like small schools kind of thing, if that makes any sense. Um It was yeah,
I think I think the parental role is to give a bunch of options and try and figure out what the best options are. Um
But I don't think at any point either of my parents were just like, this is your school, like you have to go,
it was mark.
Okay.
what does your daughter like? Um
I know she's in seventh grade, but is she like uh I really like science um
kid
drawing
and last night's
tip.
mm.
That's nice. Yeah,
I have um one of my good friends is a like a graphic artist so she does all the like design and drawing stuff for for websites is what she's looking to do. Um And she
has she has a lot of fun doing that, so
yeah, that's that's very nice.
Thank you. Well, I hope I um I hope you guys stay safe down in florida. Um And that everything keeps going well. Um
You, too. I don't know do we just close this tab? Okay.
well thank
you for
your next
conversation.