SPEAKER_L: boston.
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Whoa,
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good, you're the second woman that I have been paired up with, among the binky. Um I guess you're my this conversation partner,
SPEAKER_L: What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: I'm krista, what's yours?
SPEAKER_L: My name is Fiona,
SPEAKER_R: Fiona, Nice to meet you Fiona.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: So have you gotten started with your christmas decorations or do you celebrate something else? Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my family is very like, we keep to like tradition, we kind of every thanksgiving right after we finish eating, we put up the christmas decorations. But um I don't know, it's kind of it's kind of weird this year, you know with everything, it's like what what are holidays like every day just kind of feels the same. So like yeah, what about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um We normally we had normally host thanksgiving and while it's not a big gathering afterwards we have a friend's giving people come over and that's when we have everybody here and uh so we like to have the christmas tree up for that, so for thanksgiving, we have the tree up, we don't have like all of the decoration stuff up, but at least the tree, so this year though, because we're not expecting anybody here for thanksgiving or for christmas or for anything
SPEAKER_L: What I think?
SPEAKER_R: response evolved. Uh this going hog wild with christmas with just a few modifications to pare it down, so normally we've got a gigantic christmas tree, it's like it's a it's a fake tree but it's like um 15 ish feet tall,
SPEAKER_L: 15.
SPEAKER_R: we've got lofted ceiling so it's like it's a thing and uh we got it used anyway so you know produce, reuse
SPEAKER_L: It is.
SPEAKER_R: recycle and um and so this year though I was like I'm not I don't want to do that gigantic tree, can we just do a small one? So we got like a pencil, like a nice short pencil tree. So that's been a nice compromise. Um But christmas has always been a big deal here. My husband and I neither of us are religious or come from like religious families, but christmas has always been part of like my husband's background and his whole family, I mean his dad, his my husband's middle name is Noel with the remote, so like it's a thing. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but this is definitely, this is a year. Yeah, I was like changed for you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: first when it first started, well like it was kind of like, so I was a senior this past like spring, like
SPEAKER_R: Come on
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: girl.
SPEAKER_L: high school, high school high school. And so I remember in like january where it was like just kind of like this like not like not like
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: not saying it's fake, but everyone was like, oh it's this virus and we're all like it's not going to come here like it's just like a chinese like it's going to stay in china like it's just like whatever. And then I remember everyone on the internet started like freaking out saying that their school like in March that their schools getting canceled and where we're from, we're like it's not getting cancelled like what the heck is happening? And then I get like over the intercom, our principles like the governor is having a speech or whatever a talk and everyone needs to watch it like do not do anything in your classes but watch this speech. And we're like okay, like great. And then we spent the whole class period and he was like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: school is not canceled, just be safe. And we're like okay then the next day when we're all at home it's just all over the news, schools canceled for the next two weeks and we're like, nice thanks.
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: Like this is really confusing. So then all of us were like, okay, like this is just two weeks of just staying home. Like it's not that big of a deal. Like if anything, it's a break, an extra break for us. And then at the end of the two weeks and like until May 1st and we're like okay until May 1st. And then on May one or like until the end of the school year were like, Oh, okay, great, thanks. And then it was just like all kind of up in the air because it's like we wanted to graduate and we had all these like senior activities plan and everything was just basically in the air. And I don't know, it was kind of weird, but like I guess it's never happened to anyone to graduate under a pandemic like this. And so it was
SPEAKER_R: Looking.
SPEAKER_L: it was nice to be recognized like that. But um yeah, it's kind of been weird also because I just started college and like, like we promise it's not like this usually because it's like we're all online, there's no activities, I don't really need much people, so it's like, I don't I don't know, it's it's weird and like um I originally worked at a daycare at the time and then I realized how dirty and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like, like the kids are like putting toys in their mouths and then like sharing it with the next kid, and I was like, okay, I'm not. And so yeah, I don't know, it's it's weird. It just it didn't seem real, like it just seems like it's just not like it's just so weird to me and like I guess I try to think of like the future, it's like what are, when is it going to be like normal? Like how are we going to like interact with each other after this? Like, so what about you?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um if I'm a private piano teacher, a private music teacher for like little kids. So like most of my kids are ages 4-14. And um it was, you know, I was the school at that point, I mean I only had a few students, but it was like first it was like, hey, we're just going to take this week off and see what happens and then it was okay, we're going to take off until the end of the month, then until you know, I said um and said I'll start teaching when the schools reopened. But then um, I'm in, I'm in michigan and I live just outside of Grand rapids, so the Grand rapids schools decided to go fully online for eight weeks, fully remote. But the place where I live is like like upper middle class and like science deniers and trump supporters and and so they're like we insist on our kids being in person. So my so my parents of my students were like, hey are we getting back, are we doing this? Hey let's go. And I was like no
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: enough. Within two weeks, there were a handful of adults that worked there that got sick. And then yesterday a girl here in in grim rapids died from covid. Uh So it's like it's like, so now we're all remote, we're not expecting to be back in school until after the new year. And even then who knows? Probably just like you. Right. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: the interesting thing is, so I'm from Utah and they're also very, the area that I'm from is especially where I went to high school is very upper class trump supporters like the same and my family, we are natural supporters. Let me just say.
SPEAKER_R: Friends.
SPEAKER_L: Um And so um since the start of school year, all the elementary
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: middle
SPEAKER_R: you don't.
SPEAKER_L: school and high school have been in person. And so Yeah. And so it's So originally when we shut, not really shut down, but like had the restrictions in March, it was when we were increasing maybe by like 100 or 200. And we thought that was a big deal right now, we're averaging 4000 a day. And so it's like, okay. And then I think it was last week a whole bunch of people went to go protest at our governor's house And it's like really far away from the capital and they are all not wearing masks and saying that like it has a 99% recovery rate and that like mass kill mentality, not the virus. And then like a whole bunch of kids, I went to high school with their like how is this microscopic virus killing us? It's our own health. Like you guys need to reconsider your own health. Like if you're putting soda in your body, you're killing yourself, not the virus, rethink it. I just sit there.
SPEAKER_R: I've never heard that, my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't either. Like this whole paragraph about how we don't like if you exercise and put right food in your body and we would be healthy and you can't pretend she said if you pretend like a mask is gonna save you and seriously not
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: smart and um there is this huge Halloween party in a warehouse and it was like just let us be normal, like you're not allowing us to be normal. And I was like, oh gosh. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. There is no more normal and I feel like that is uh good thing. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: It's I I see society right now as unsustainable. My sister's a lot younger than Man 42, my sister's 30. So she grew up at a time where you know where my parents were able to give me a lot of benefits and you know I had a lot of privilege growing up plus being a white woman and having parents that we're able to help me pay for college and help me when I needed you know a few $100 for rent, you know? But then here's my sister who as she's growing up, mom and dad got divorced so they don't have that same kind of money. And then the kind of job market that she's in is, you know, you have to have several jobs in order to make ends meet even then you don't have insurance. Uh, and then uh, people who are even younger than that, such as yourself, perhaps they're going to be, you know, you're not going to be able to ever afford to have Children or own your own home and this is not sustainable. You know, you're going to be at the age where global where climate change is going to seriously affect you. You know, and, and it's um, it's got to change. I was a Bernie supporter. I boat blue no matter who, but I was burning because he had this like this idea where there was just no compromise. It was green new deal aoc like yes,
SPEAKER_L: I love
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: her.
SPEAKER_R: yes. And then the whole um you know, just not compromising. And then biden, he's like, yeah, I'll meet you in the middle and the bull crap because in the middle is pretty much what the old republicans used to be. Uh So it's quite a place where we now are at a position where we have to make choices, we have to make some sort of change. You know, we've got this virus we've got. I just feel like it's all connected and now is a good time for us to really be talking about how it's affecting everyone, not just covid but its response and how it's related to the future for people like myself or people who, you know, younger than me. Um It's just it's just ridiculous. So I'm hoping that there's some big change and I'm here to help support it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I definitely like I like talking to like older people and like realizing like how
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: different life was like compared to like when you are 18 were like right now I'm 18, I'm like what the heck is going on in my life? Like my future is so like unpredictable especially because now like I feel like with the pandemic when I when you really couldn't see anyone, I like kind of self reflected a lot and like thought about like what I want in my future, what I want for myself and everything and then it's like so unpredictable especially with like all the election stuff, it was just kind of like I got like the pandemic and like this, especially this election when I could vote, it may be more politically involved and like I like I used to hate talking about politics and like I didn't really care but now I'm like this is my future like I like there's so much like things like we just all are just so divided and it like scares me and I, I don't know what's interesting. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I feel like um, oh, congratulations on being able to vote and voting
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: at your first opportunity. I'm really happy when I hear young people who say, you know, just just voting means you're engaged in politics and that's really good. And this is for me, the first year where I truly understood how important voting down the ballot with all of the small elections, you know, everything from, I didn't realize how important the drain commissioner was until I realized that that has to do with our like localized wetlands for instance. And for things where, sorry, got Miller, no thanks. Where are things that uh, just um, affect things like building runoff and where does it go? And then that kind of a thing. But also the one thing that I never really participated in was the school was voting for the school board, the local school board and never realized how important it was until the school board gets to decide what kind of like action we're going to take. And this year, unfortunately, like I actually did my research this year because they don't have an R. Or an L. Next to them, you don't really know. So this year I did my research and I voted for the, but the research used the thing to like the research meant that I had to go to community facebook sites because that's where I'm. Older people go to community facebook pages, look at who they like to look at what kind of contributions they make to them and uh, see what kind of jobs they had in the past, what activities their kids do in order to find out what their possible political leanings are and then make your choice based on that or where they fall on the mask because they're the ones that are choosing. But what happened to our kids and our teachers. So it's good to be active in politics. And the other thing is when you hear people say, you know, I don't care about politics or not active in politics, it means I'm okay with how it's going now and I don't need anything to change. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: And as a woman, you don't get to, it does matter. As a person who is wiped, a lot of the status quo works great for me, but the people who me this to have, you know, equity, true, equity, not just equality. It me and those are people that I care about. And so that is also why like I have chosen to be quite politically active. So all of these people, I think I just had a friend of mine proposed to her girlfriend because they were afraid they were going to lose the right to be able to get married. Like I've never had
SPEAKER_L: My promise.
SPEAKER_R: even consider that. Like it's just always been granted Now my jail, I'm totally going off on a tangent here.
SPEAKER_L: You're getting
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: I was younger when I was like 21 years old, I got married when I was 24. It was really young. My college sweetheart though. Um I shouldn't say so like it was anyway, so we've been together for a while and at the, at the time here's something I made a huge stir by keeping my last name. The paperwork is ridiculous. The clerk's office was like, what, what is this thing like keeping my maiden name was just scandalous then. Um I wasn't allowed to do things like have my name on our guests bill. I wasn't able to call them and say hey I need to update our phone, our phone whatever, you know, it had to be under
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: my husband's name. I things like mental health wasn't even covered under insurance. Really good insurance. Mental health wasn't covered period. It took a presidential Mandate or something like that to make it so that therapy and psychiatrists and medication like antidepressants were covered by your insurance. Like things already have really, really changed just in the, you know 15 years since your age at my age. It's it's huge. It's huge. We have to keep making progress because that's just 15 years when you think about The, you know the 15 years, the 100 years before that that's even bigger. You know, might not be anyway. Yeah. The changes you, we have to keep it going.
SPEAKER_L: so um right now I'm I'm majoring in elementary education and so and so there was something on the ballot about like the funding of education in the state of Utah and I was after election, I was reading that like a bunch of people just like did not like went against it and it was just like it like it scares me because it's like especially every time I tell someone oh I'm majoring in elementary education, they're like oh why like you're not gonna make enough money like do you like kids that much like I can't stand kids like like but you were a kid, you might have kids and like who's gonna, if I don't, if I don't go in elementary education like who's going to teach your kids? Like, you know what I'm saying? Like someone has to do it. And so it's like, it kind of scares me because it's, I, I just, my future is just so like unpredictable and like if certainly the state of Utah everything is very like based on the LDS church, I hate to say it is like in elementary I up until elementary and junior high, I was the only one in my classrooms that wasn't LDS and so it was and then just imagined this chinese little girl, it just populated white rich. And so it was like, I have a lot of experience with that, but it kind of like, especially in the state of Utah, I don't know if it's like michigan is more accepting of like diversity and all that, but Utah
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: is no like it's like, oh you're chinese, you're smart, if you're black, you're violet. If you're white then you're like us. Like it's very and it's very, very divided. Like there's the mexican town, there's the, you know where the chinese usually live and then I know it's like even our neighbors are like, oh you're not LDS like why don't we see you in church on sunday? Because we don't go to church like, sorry? Like, so I don't know, it's, it's,
SPEAKER_R: I didn't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: realize
SPEAKER_L: know it's
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: been,
SPEAKER_R: would either. That's, wow.
SPEAKER_L: it's like, it's definitely better Then. It was what like 10 years ago compared to now, which I agree. Like we're more, I don't know, I guess they were never really accepting. I hate saying that. But like I just, I just know people in my high school, they would go to church on sunday but friday and saturday they would go and drink and go do drugs, but then attend church and then now they're on their missions for two years and I'm like, that's nice. And like, even even in high school if I kissed someone that was the biggest scandal or rumor going around the whole school, like, oh my gosh, like they even got a slut shame for doing that. Like it was like, oh
SPEAKER_R: that happened
SPEAKER_L: should, I'm sorry, my bad, I should have waited until marriage to kiss him. Like, and like, even even like a girl I used to play soccer with, she's getting married next month. I'm like, we're 18 and I'm like, oh
SPEAKER_R: 66
SPEAKER_L: my gosh, like you're just eating into the stereotype of Utah people, like I'm still living at home, I don't have a boyfriend, I'm still living with my parents, like I'm not ready to get married at all. I'm like, and then, but here's the thing like Utah is such like a bubble and I've gotten so used to like when I traveled to other states, I'm like scared because like everyone in Utah is like so like nice and like we all know each other and then like when I go to California, I'm like oh my gosh, I'm gonna like get murdered or something.
SPEAKER_R: California is well first of all southern California I grew up in California. Southern California is like an entirely different world in northern California where central California but you are right California is different that way. And in the midwest people are very polite in texas, people are very polite now they'll polite you to death in texas and up here you'll just hear like a lot of, I don't know if you seem really friendly, but then you'll find out that their recess trump supporters.
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: So Yeah. Yeah, so that's uh that's definitely a type of a type of challenge to getting outside of the bubble. But I mean of course I encourage it when all of this is over. You know, traveling is one of those things that pays for itself in life. Oh, here's another example changing the, I just got out of college. I was, you know, in my early twenties, 21 or 22 we do my attempt jobs where I went and like Typed and filed, answered phones. Maybe I was getting paid 16 an hour. That was a base amount. So like that is hugely more than what people get paid now. Just to put it and I didn't know anybody. I was just your average person with a college degree and I was working outside of what my college degree was. You know, I got it in music. So it was uh yeah, so hearing about people today having to fight for even $15 an hour. That's the it's time for time. Yeah, but travel. Have you, where are you um chinese by birth or you american by birth?
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, both of my parents were born in china and then they moved here and then had my brother and I, so I've been, I don't know, it's like I live my american life and then I come home and it's fully chinese, like they're like traditional superstitious and then I'm like the rebellious american, like they call me the banana girl because like I'm yellow on the outside but on the inside I'm like white so
SPEAKER_R: Oh my god, this well I was fantastic to have that duality. Um You will never have, I mean most most people will never have that kind of um uh death of of understanding of other cultures. Have you been back to china since?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, so um when I was like Who? I think and then I also went when I was 11 I think and my mom goes every other year, but she leaves my brother and at home because she's like, you guys don't need to go back and was like Okay every time. But it's yeah, I actually really like it there and honestly if I would move there like I wouldn't mind it. But yeah, I don't know, it's nice like I got to travel a lot, but this year when I'm at home I'm like what am I doing? Like I need to leave, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There are some
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: really cool um All right videos of people just like walking around with their cameras or their you know. Oh yeah their phones just videotaping and stuff. I'd love watching those on Youtube. And then there are some that are like through museums. Well where they'll walk you through all these like displays exhibits. And I love those. I mean they're fully and you just get you get this like little place that's outside of yourself. It's a nice it's a nice break. I mean it's not traveling but a nice bright and it's not food but it's a nice break. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Where's your favorite place that you've been?
SPEAKER_R: Well I was born in Alaska in this february. I went back for a vacation and went to um So cats are my favorite animal. Octopuses are my second favorite. So I went to a an aquarium where you can have a one on one interaction with an octopus where you can actually like feed them and touch them. I mean you're out of the water and the octopus is in the water. Um But well mostly because they do have a real sassy side as maybe you know. But so that was probably my favorite place to be was Alaska in the winter. And um yeah I'm glad that I did. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Um so my aunt and her husband there, a military family, so they're constantly like here here here here here. So um we lived in Hawaii for eight years and so my brother and I would go there for summer's and spend the whole summer there and it was a dream like and we would like jump the islands and like go to and do like cruises and I don't know, it's just it's like it's honestly like it's so stereotypical what everyone there is just so laid back and like there's just like nothing wrong in life over there. Like like you just sit on the beach, you know drink your drink and just walk around and like everyone's so nice and like no, it's just like it's just paradise.
SPEAKER_R: Soon enough I'll be back in Alaska and he'll be vacationing
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: in uh hawaii's
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: 2nd
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: Year and Hope. Yeah. All right. Well it was super super nice talking with you. It
SPEAKER_L: It's nice
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: meeting
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: bed
SPEAKER_L: too,
SPEAKER_R: and um keep wearing your mask and washing your hands and I wish you great safety and health and happiness.
SPEAKER_L: You two go blue. Nice meeting you.