boston.
Whoa,
Good. How are you?
What's your name?
My name is Fiona,
nice to meet you.
my family is very like, we keep to like tradition, we kind of every thanksgiving right after we finish eating, we put up the christmas decorations. But um I don't know, it's kind of it's kind of weird this year, you know with everything, it's like what what are holidays like every day just kind of feels the same. So like yeah, what about you?
What I think?
15.
It is.
Yeah.
first when it first started, well like it was kind of like, so I was a senior this past like spring, like
in
high school, high school high school. And so I remember in like january where it was like just kind of like this like not like not like
not saying it's fake, but everyone was like, oh it's this virus and we're all like it's not going to come here like it's just like a chinese like it's going to stay in china like it's just like whatever. And then I remember everyone on the internet started like freaking out saying that their school like in March that their schools getting canceled and where we're from, we're like it's not getting cancelled like what the heck is happening? And then I get like over the intercom, our principles like the governor is having a speech or whatever a talk and everyone needs to watch it like do not do anything in your classes but watch this speech. And we're like okay, like great. And then we spent the whole class period and he was like
school is not canceled, just be safe. And we're like okay then the next day when we're all at home it's just all over the news, schools canceled for the next two weeks and we're like, nice thanks.
Like this is really confusing. So then all of us were like, okay, like this is just two weeks of just staying home. Like it's not that big of a deal. Like if anything, it's a break, an extra break for us. And then at the end of the two weeks and like until May 1st and we're like okay until May 1st. And then on May one or like until the end of the school year were like, Oh, okay, great, thanks. And then it was just like all kind of up in the air because it's like we wanted to graduate and we had all these like senior activities plan and everything was just basically in the air. And I don't know, it was kind of weird, but like I guess it's never happened to anyone to graduate under a pandemic like this. And so it was
it was nice to be recognized like that. But um yeah, it's kind of been weird also because I just started college and like, like we promise it's not like this usually because it's like we're all online, there's no activities, I don't really need much people, so it's like, I don't I don't know, it's it's weird and like um I originally worked at a daycare at the time and then I realized how dirty and
like, like the kids are like putting toys in their mouths and then like sharing it with the next kid, and I was like, okay, I'm not. And so yeah, I don't know, it's it's weird. It just it didn't seem real, like it just seems like it's just not like it's just so weird to me and like I guess I try to think of like the future, it's like what are, when is it going to be like normal? Like how are we going to like interact with each other after this? Like, so what about you?
No.
But
the interesting thing is, so I'm from Utah and they're also very, the area that I'm from is especially where I went to high school is very upper class trump supporters like the same and my family, we are natural supporters. Let me just say.
Um And so um since the start of school year, all the elementary
middle
school and high school have been in person. And so Yeah. And so it's So originally when we shut, not really shut down, but like had the restrictions in March, it was when we were increasing maybe by like 100 or 200. And we thought that was a big deal right now, we're averaging 4000 a day. And so it's like, okay. And then I think it was last week a whole bunch of people went to go protest at our governor's house And it's like really far away from the capital and they are all not wearing masks and saying that like it has a 99% recovery rate and that like mass kill mentality, not the virus. And then like a whole bunch of kids, I went to high school with their like how is this microscopic virus killing us? It's our own health. Like you guys need to reconsider your own health. Like if you're putting soda in your body, you're killing yourself, not the virus, rethink it. I just sit there.
I haven't either. Like this whole paragraph about how we don't like if you exercise and put right food in your body and we would be healthy and you can't pretend she said if you pretend like a mask is gonna save you and seriously not
smart and um there is this huge Halloween party in a warehouse and it was like just let us be normal, like you're not allowing us to be normal. And I was like, oh gosh. Oh
Mm.
I love
her.
Yeah, I definitely like I like talking to like older people and like realizing like how
different life was like compared to like when you are 18 were like right now I'm 18, I'm like what the heck is going on in my life? Like my future is so like unpredictable especially because now like I feel like with the pandemic when I when you really couldn't see anyone, I like kind of self reflected a lot and like thought about like what I want in my future, what I want for myself and everything and then it's like so unpredictable especially with like all the election stuff, it was just kind of like I got like the pandemic and like this, especially this election when I could vote, it may be more politically involved and like I like I used to hate talking about politics and like I didn't really care but now I'm like this is my future like I like there's so much like things like we just all are just so divided and it like scares me and I, I don't know what's interesting. Mhm.
Thank you.
Uh
My promise.
You're getting
it.
And
so um right now I'm I'm majoring in elementary education and so and so there was something on the ballot about like the funding of education in the state of Utah and I was after election, I was reading that like a bunch of people just like did not like went against it and it was just like it like it scares me because it's like especially every time I tell someone oh I'm majoring in elementary education, they're like oh why like you're not gonna make enough money like do you like kids that much like I can't stand kids like like but you were a kid, you might have kids and like who's gonna, if I don't, if I don't go in elementary education like who's going to teach your kids? Like, you know what I'm saying? Like someone has to do it. And so it's like, it kind of scares me because it's, I, I just, my future is just so like unpredictable and like if certainly the state of Utah everything is very like based on the LDS church, I hate to say it is like in elementary I up until elementary and junior high, I was the only one in my classrooms that wasn't LDS and so it was and then just imagined this chinese little girl, it just populated white rich. And so it was like, I have a lot of experience with that, but it kind of like, especially in the state of Utah, I don't know if it's like michigan is more accepting of like diversity and all that, but Utah
is no like it's like, oh you're chinese, you're smart, if you're black, you're violet. If you're white then you're like us. Like it's very and it's very, very divided. Like there's the mexican town, there's the, you know where the chinese usually live and then I know it's like even our neighbors are like, oh you're not LDS like why don't we see you in church on sunday? Because we don't go to church like, sorry? Like, so I don't know, it's, it's,
I
know it's
been,
it's like, it's definitely better Then. It was what like 10 years ago compared to now, which I agree. Like we're more, I don't know, I guess they were never really accepting. I hate saying that. But like I just, I just know people in my high school, they would go to church on sunday but friday and saturday they would go and drink and go do drugs, but then attend church and then now they're on their missions for two years and I'm like, that's nice. And like, even even in high school if I kissed someone that was the biggest scandal or rumor going around the whole school, like, oh my gosh, like they even got a slut shame for doing that. Like it was like, oh
should, I'm sorry, my bad, I should have waited until marriage to kiss him. Like, and like, even even like a girl I used to play soccer with, she's getting married next month. I'm like, we're 18 and I'm like, oh
my gosh, like you're just eating into the stereotype of Utah people, like I'm still living at home, I don't have a boyfriend, I'm still living with my parents, like I'm not ready to get married at all. I'm like, and then, but here's the thing like Utah is such like a bubble and I've gotten so used to like when I traveled to other states, I'm like scared because like everyone in Utah is like so like nice and like we all know each other and then like when I go to California, I'm like oh my gosh, I'm gonna like get murdered or something.
Great.
So yeah, both of my parents were born in china and then they moved here and then had my brother and I, so I've been, I don't know, it's like I live my american life and then I come home and it's fully chinese, like they're like traditional superstitious and then I'm like the rebellious american, like they call me the banana girl because like I'm yellow on the outside but on the inside I'm like white so
Yes, so um when I was like Who? I think and then I also went when I was 11 I think and my mom goes every other year, but she leaves my brother and at home because she's like, you guys don't need to go back and was like Okay every time. But it's yeah, I actually really like it there and honestly if I would move there like I wouldn't mind it. But yeah, I don't know, it's nice like I got to travel a lot, but this year when I'm at home I'm like what am I doing? Like I need to leave, I don't know.
No.
Where's your favorite place that you've been?
Um so my aunt and her husband there, a military family, so they're constantly like here here here here here. So um we lived in Hawaii for eight years and so my brother and I would go there for summer's and spend the whole summer there and it was a dream like and we would like jump the islands and like go to and do like cruises and I don't know, it's just it's like it's honestly like it's so stereotypical what everyone there is just so laid back and like there's just like nothing wrong in life over there. Like like you just sit on the beach, you know drink your drink and just walk around and like everyone's so nice and like no, it's just like it's just paradise.
It's
what?
See
that?
It's nice
meeting
you
too,
You two go blue. Nice meeting you.