Hi,
how are you?
Good, you're the second woman that I have been paired up with, among the binky. Um I guess you're my this conversation partner,
I'm krista, what's yours?
Fiona, Nice to meet you Fiona.
So have you gotten started with your christmas decorations or do you celebrate something else? Mhm. Yeah.
Um We normally we had normally host thanksgiving and while it's not a big gathering afterwards we have a friend's giving people come over and that's when we have everybody here and uh so we like to have the christmas tree up for that, so for thanksgiving, we have the tree up, we don't have like all of the decoration stuff up, but at least the tree, so this year though, because we're not expecting anybody here for thanksgiving or for christmas or for anything
response evolved. Uh this going hog wild with christmas with just a few modifications to pare it down, so normally we've got a gigantic christmas tree, it's like it's a it's a fake tree but it's like um 15 ish feet tall,
we've got lofted ceiling so it's like it's a thing and uh we got it used anyway so you know produce, reuse
recycle and um and so this year though I was like I'm not I don't want to do that gigantic tree, can we just do a small one? So we got like a pencil, like a nice short pencil tree. So that's been a nice compromise. Um But christmas has always been a big deal here. My husband and I neither of us are religious or come from like religious families, but christmas has always been part of like my husband's background and his whole family, I mean his dad, his my husband's middle name is Noel with the remote, so like it's a thing. Yeah,
but this is definitely, this is a year. Yeah, I was like changed for you. Yeah.
Come on
girl.
All
What?
The
Looking.
What?
Mhm. Um if I'm a private piano teacher, a private music teacher for like little kids. So like most of my kids are ages 4-14. And um it was, you know, I was the school at that point, I mean I only had a few students, but it was like first it was like, hey, we're just going to take this week off and see what happens and then it was okay, we're going to take off until the end of the month, then until you know, I said um and said I'll start teaching when the schools reopened. But then um, I'm in, I'm in michigan and I live just outside of Grand rapids, so the Grand rapids schools decided to go fully online for eight weeks, fully remote. But the place where I live is like like upper middle class and like science deniers and trump supporters and and so they're like we insist on our kids being in person. So my so my parents of my students were like, hey are we getting back, are we doing this? Hey let's go. And I was like no
enough. Within two weeks, there were a handful of adults that worked there that got sick. And then yesterday a girl here in in grim rapids died from covid. Uh So it's like it's like, so now we're all remote, we're not expecting to be back in school until after the new year. And even then who knows? Probably just like you. Right. Mhm.
So
Friends.
If
you don't.
I've never heard that, my gosh.
But
Yeah. Mhm. There is no more normal and I feel like that is uh good thing. Um
It's I I see society right now as unsustainable. My sister's a lot younger than Man 42, my sister's 30. So she grew up at a time where you know where my parents were able to give me a lot of benefits and you know I had a lot of privilege growing up plus being a white woman and having parents that we're able to help me pay for college and help me when I needed you know a few $100 for rent, you know? But then here's my sister who as she's growing up, mom and dad got divorced so they don't have that same kind of money. And then the kind of job market that she's in is, you know, you have to have several jobs in order to make ends meet even then you don't have insurance. Uh, and then uh, people who are even younger than that, such as yourself, perhaps they're going to be, you know, you're not going to be able to ever afford to have Children or own your own home and this is not sustainable. You know, you're going to be at the age where global where climate change is going to seriously affect you. You know, and, and it's um, it's got to change. I was a Bernie supporter. I boat blue no matter who, but I was burning because he had this like this idea where there was just no compromise. It was green new deal aoc like yes,
you know,
yes. And then the whole um you know, just not compromising. And then biden, he's like, yeah, I'll meet you in the middle and the bull crap because in the middle is pretty much what the old republicans used to be. Uh So it's quite a place where we now are at a position where we have to make choices, we have to make some sort of change. You know, we've got this virus we've got. I just feel like it's all connected and now is a good time for us to really be talking about how it's affecting everyone, not just covid but its response and how it's related to the future for people like myself or people who, you know, younger than me. Um It's just it's just ridiculous. So I'm hoping that there's some big change and I'm here to help support it. Yeah.
So
Yeah. And I feel like um, oh, congratulations on being able to vote and voting
at your first opportunity. I'm really happy when I hear young people who say, you know, just just voting means you're engaged in politics and that's really good. And this is for me, the first year where I truly understood how important voting down the ballot with all of the small elections, you know, everything from, I didn't realize how important the drain commissioner was until I realized that that has to do with our like localized wetlands for instance. And for things where, sorry, got Miller, no thanks. Where are things that uh, just um, affect things like building runoff and where does it go? And then that kind of a thing. But also the one thing that I never really participated in was the school was voting for the school board, the local school board and never realized how important it was until the school board gets to decide what kind of like action we're going to take. And this year, unfortunately, like I actually did my research this year because they don't have an R. Or an L. Next to them, you don't really know. So this year I did my research and I voted for the, but the research used the thing to like the research meant that I had to go to community facebook sites because that's where I'm. Older people go to community facebook pages, look at who they like to look at what kind of contributions they make to them and uh, see what kind of jobs they had in the past, what activities their kids do in order to find out what their possible political leanings are and then make your choice based on that or where they fall on the mask because they're the ones that are choosing. But what happened to our kids and our teachers. So it's good to be active in politics. And the other thing is when you hear people say, you know, I don't care about politics or not active in politics, it means I'm okay with how it's going now and I don't need anything to change. Yeah.
And as a woman, you don't get to, it does matter. As a person who is wiped, a lot of the status quo works great for me, but the people who me this to have, you know, equity, true, equity, not just equality. It me and those are people that I care about. And so that is also why like I have chosen to be quite politically active. So all of these people, I think I just had a friend of mine proposed to her girlfriend because they were afraid they were going to lose the right to be able to get married. Like I've never had
even consider that. Like it's just always been granted Now my jail, I'm totally going off on a tangent here.
But
I was younger when I was like 21 years old, I got married when I was 24. It was really young. My college sweetheart though. Um I shouldn't say so like it was anyway, so we've been together for a while and at the, at the time here's something I made a huge stir by keeping my last name. The paperwork is ridiculous. The clerk's office was like, what, what is this thing like keeping my maiden name was just scandalous then. Um I wasn't allowed to do things like have my name on our guests bill. I wasn't able to call them and say hey I need to update our phone, our phone whatever, you know, it had to be under
my husband's name. I things like mental health wasn't even covered under insurance. Really good insurance. Mental health wasn't covered period. It took a presidential Mandate or something like that to make it so that therapy and psychiatrists and medication like antidepressants were covered by your insurance. Like things already have really, really changed just in the, you know 15 years since your age at my age. It's it's huge. It's huge. We have to keep making progress because that's just 15 years when you think about The, you know the 15 years, the 100 years before that that's even bigger. You know, might not be anyway. Yeah. The changes you, we have to keep it going.
Just
I didn't
realize
it
would either. That's, wow.
that happened
66
California is well first of all southern California I grew up in California. Southern California is like an entirely different world in northern California where central California but you are right California is different that way. And in the midwest people are very polite in texas, people are very polite now they'll polite you to death in texas and up here you'll just hear like a lot of, I don't know if you seem really friendly, but then you'll find out that their recess trump supporters.
So Yeah. Yeah, so that's uh that's definitely a type of a type of challenge to getting outside of the bubble. But I mean of course I encourage it when all of this is over. You know, traveling is one of those things that pays for itself in life. Oh, here's another example changing the, I just got out of college. I was, you know, in my early twenties, 21 or 22 we do my attempt jobs where I went and like Typed and filed, answered phones. Maybe I was getting paid 16 an hour. That was a base amount. So like that is hugely more than what people get paid now. Just to put it and I didn't know anybody. I was just your average person with a college degree and I was working outside of what my college degree was. You know, I got it in music. So it was uh yeah, so hearing about people today having to fight for even $15 an hour. That's the it's time for time. Yeah, but travel. Have you, where are you um chinese by birth or you american by birth?
Oh my god, this well I was fantastic to have that duality. Um You will never have, I mean most most people will never have that kind of um uh death of of understanding of other cultures. Have you been back to china since?
Yeah. There are some
really cool um All right videos of people just like walking around with their cameras or their you know. Oh yeah their phones just videotaping and stuff. I'd love watching those on Youtube. And then there are some that are like through museums. Well where they'll walk you through all these like displays exhibits. And I love those. I mean they're fully and you just get you get this like little place that's outside of yourself. It's a nice it's a nice break. I mean it's not traveling but a nice bright and it's not food but it's a nice break. Yeah.
Well I was born in Alaska in this february. I went back for a vacation and went to um So cats are my favorite animal. Octopuses are my second favorite. So I went to a an aquarium where you can have a one on one interaction with an octopus where you can actually like feed them and touch them. I mean you're out of the water and the octopus is in the water. Um But well mostly because they do have a real sassy side as maybe you know. But so that was probably my favorite place to be was Alaska in the winter. And um yeah I'm glad that I did. What about you?
Soon enough I'll be back in Alaska and he'll be vacationing
in uh hawaii's
that's
2nd
Year and Hope. Yeah. All right. Well it was super super nice talking with you. It
is
the
bed
and um keep wearing your mask and washing your hands and I wish you great safety and health and happiness.