Good. How are you?
I got I got three monitors on the same computer right now.
crazy
help with schoolwork.
America
I'm Matthew I'm at a gas university for english and secondary education. Yeah.
Okay. Over here.
No.
What are you working? Mhm.
good.
Yeah.
what's that
about?
But
I did I don't remember what he did. Something with the government for coding. Yeah, it's crazy. Mhm.
So
gosh wow, I should read books man. I took a goat in class but I was not ready to it.
I
didn't conquer the same actually. Used to be a nursing major. Yeah because the justice that uh american College of Medicine or something like that. But I was uh hard,
it
is all my anatomy classes but then my teacher was like to be really honest with you right now, way too empathetic to be in this field. You will not be. Yeah,
no,
that's pretty much she said she's like, you do not have the emotional stimulated feel, sorry. Mhm.
enjoy the building and a lot more now. So
it's really weird because you know, for like colleges were supposed to go into classrooms and help people teach, but obviously what's going on, we can't do that. So yeah,
like resuming into classrooms, which is like, you're not gonna do anything and if you zoom into a classroom is gonna sit there and listen or they have videos of people teaching. Just fun. Yeah.
I'm a junior right now.
pretty good. They've got it going on. Um Yeah, my girlfriend's mom works in a something that I don't actually do not know what the job title is, but she's like, I'm gonna get you a job after you go to college, like Okay. Yeah. Sure.
Yeah. Well teachers uh known for their uh monetary gain, so. But yeah, my girlfriend does data analytics and already makes more money than most people I know, so just not worry about it.
What?
Yeah.
There
she
goes.
fancy
sleep
always over
comfortable.
Hard shot.
solution is always best.
I
always thought that doesn't stop me from shooting for the complicated solution every time anyway. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh Is a nerf gun that
I.
So it'll show you actually a little bit like kind of used to be, you gotta see in some of the parts used to be like a nice little crappy orange, but I just painted 1/9 grade
spray paint, masking tape. Little arts and crafts stuff like that.
What?
Oh yeah, I definitely can't go outside with it. Against the
Yeah. Make little uh just and stuff too.
Yeah, it's against the law to go out without the signature orange tip on the nerf gun. Yeah,
like the
first thing and all of the nerve decoration guides you read, it's like even if you paint the tip, you got to get some orange tape and wrap it around, you're gonna take it anywhere problem. Yeah.
No, no,
no.
Yeah, like arts and crafts, stuff like that. I can't say I wouldn't say I'm good at it more culturally. Uh You any hobbies? She's
just
cool. I looked her up.
shit,
thank
you.
I had one but he would only go 258. Yeah.
yeah, Don't be so cool.
it's always
kind of like I can send it up to 5000 ft, but then I have to go like crashes. I gotta go 5000 ft. Find it.
New racking every time it goes up. What?
That's a great idea. How much did it cost?
Yeah.
Mhm.
Just
all
Thanks.
Micro go like maybe 10 minutes come back and charge for Russia day. Yeah.
it's no. Mhm. Mhm.
Oh yeah, that's what the folding one. That's pretty cool.
Mr
Uh huh.
That's right. I'm
thinking for Yeah. Super cool. Yeah.
it's like there's a large helicopters going, your kids it's just like don't fly that near me.
I was
working
with the wind and stuff blowing around.
as you can see it yeah.
It's
pretty cool. It's pretty
awesome nowadays have like small and compact everything in here.
I remember this one time my brother used to be a professional wake boarder, well joining the Air Force for some reason but I just want to wait for the competition. His friend had bought this like $2000 drone to film everybody and he just was like just make it followed the boat like the book turned around and then it just kept going and he was like where's my drone going? You take down all the jet skis and find it and stuck
it somewhere. Yeah.
I think so. It was huge though. Mhm.
Your books?
No,
no.
All of
us,
Go out.
What
I mean? My dad, we don't have my dad and my mom the lake house and they were like, we're going to redo the whole dog, you're going to go help. I had to sell my drone last year I moved in his apartment and I'm late, I was flying around in the parking lot and then he pulls up in a golf crackers like, hey, that thing is really cool, but you're not allowed to fly in here. Yeah. I was like, okay,
there's just nowhere around here to fly it. So I just ended up selling it.
No.
it's
I remember, I don't know what brand it is but mine came with this program you can stone your computer and you can put the controller on your computer and then it's like flight simulator almost where you can just control little mini drone and practice flying. So when you went out the one you would crash it. Yeah, I enjoyed that more than flying jokes like mess around. Oh yeah.
Your flip.
There is so much fun droughts
I lost.
sorry fine.
Just
yeah that's one. Oh
man
my buddy make an electric one and then he was like yeah nobody's flying it with me and you because nobody else like we spent like three days making it. No one else is gonna respect how long it took to make this thing.
I bet. Yeah.
Uh They are doing during this lockdown to get the this will be our headset fucked up.
It's not your thrift. Yeah.
Old now that I got it, I got a graduation present when it's going to high school it all now they've come out with a bunch of the ones, it's like keeps telling me my systems all updated and it's like voice. Yeah,
it's so cool, I love it so much. Yeah.
Um it just kind of switches around like one of the first month I had it, I would just go mess around and jugglers because it's just like, it's so cool just be like standing in a place all of a sudden I wouldn't be able to go to, especially now and then the rest of it is just like I have this one shooting game that's just super fun because I'm not a really big gun person, like loud noises, but I can shoot a gun and I can turn the volume all the way down and it's not allowed. And then there's one fighting game I really like, it's just you can just throw people around for a few hours messing up. Yeah.
Or
Yeah.
Hello?
But
how
is longer?
Come?
what?
Mhm.
It's pretty it's pretty cool even without the tactile stuff, it's pretty cool. I actually have a job right now that they sent me to like test tube er games, almost just having a test them and say what I think about them,
which is like most of them are like the big thing about the r as if you're game doesn't have like the right objects makes me sick. There's been so many games that they sent me. I'm just like it's great, it's so much fun, it looks amazing. It's fun to play. But man, I can't play it for longer than five minutes before, I just feel like I have to throw up. Yeah.
so
the biggest thing is the frames you want most games, it's like if I'm playing a game, I dropped below a certain amount of frames will just freeze for a second, I'll jump back to it. The issue is when you're things stuck to your face, you're not expecting it to freeze. And uh
the thing is screen tearing just makes screen tearing. It actually works. Which is like if you move too quickly, can't keep up. So it just looks like a rip in the reality and you're like, it's just makes me
it's
not
that
because I have a pretty high end pc. So it's like mind can run most of the games. But even then if your game is it made while it's gonna make me sick, we're doing it for three years. So I don't get emotions too easy anymore. Your
gymnastics too. So it's like I'm not a person that gets motion sick very easily. So if you manage to make the motion sick, you gotta you gotta fix that.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's
it's something
it really is. It's like such a amazing thing to be a point. Like we were learning about Rome and one of my classes and I was like, I'm just going to go look at this thing, like I don't want to look at like two pictures, I can go like downloaded the thing where I can like pick stuff up and I look at it and I can read about it. It's just like, it's such a fun environment to learn it, whereas it's like it's gonna have to read this thing and it's Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Who?
No anywhere,
I think once they mix that with some kind of exercise that it's going to be like, that's it, I'm going to do that to exercise. Why go run around my neighborhood when I can give treadmill run through like Spain or italy She
always
It's really cool. And I found that the other day is, you know, they can just go like they don't have to have like the street car go up there, they get these 3 60 cameras and just hold over their head and they take a picture and somebody hiked all the way up to mount Everest like right to the tip and
took the picture and you can just go stand there and look out and it's so surreal. Yeah. Yeah. Which
is like just like an experience of theme park being like put the headset on, we're gonna blow some cold wind to you and it's like you get to stand at the top of Everest. Yeah.
Yeah.
The one I think I'm yeah I'm a I'm a lot to talk about these uh because they have in my profile that I'm an english major and I'm doing secondary education. They sent me this game where it's essentially it's like it's like a graphic novel that you get to interact with almost. So it was abstract ula. It was basically you get to like move through scenes in dracula as like the overhead narration, reading the book goes on like an audio book. It was incredible because like Jack, it was like one of my favorite novels and I was just like like I sat like I was only supposed to play for 30 minutes and give her view and I played it like five hours just to get the most of the novel. It was just so good.
No,
within the dreamscape is just like surreal.
Yeah.
I see.
you're
talking about was
an environment
people.
man, that's what it's like oh man, it's hard to like I can see some few careers where it doesn't have an application where it could be applied like cooking, you can practice cooking and pr like it's great exercise to some of the games.
I don't
know.
what the one game I I have a boxing game which is ridiculously good cardio and then I have to beat Saber game where you have to swipe at the notes to match the music, it goes pretty quick. I mean normally it's like it kind of hurts your arms. And then I was doing it and my sister came and chased these ankle weights. She strapped up with my wrists and like I did in five minutes and I was like, I can't lift my arms anymore,
you know? Yeah,
I lost.
The
public
uh Well I don't I don't do anymore, unfortunately. Stop good to go. But my mom was a gymnast and she went to like repudiation also went to the olympics and she broke her ankle. Um And then she got me and my sister into it and I didn't feel like five years I was good at it but it wasn't like a oh man I want to do this for the rest of my life, it was like oh man this is great exercise and I get to go have fun with friends and then I switched taekwondo and enjoyed that significantly more
but my sister did it and then she almost got into Georgia and then decided that she just couldn't do anymore because it was like it's so destructive to your body. Uh huh.
like my I still have an injury in my knee from just not landing right once, just like mess might be right up bad stuff, get some fun now, just like running something and just throw yourself over it wildly. So much fun.
Um
I got all kinds of toys just sitting around like can I switch? Yeah. Have you ever seen this Nintendo switch?
It's so cool because I got the, is this which is just plug them in the T. V. And then if I want
to hear it's a hand child and then if I wanted the T. V. It projected up to the T. V. It's so cool.
I was playing an N. 64 emulator of mockery at a time. Like before this call started,
Go ahead. Like it's it's fascinating to see like all of these like technology just slowly advanced even in just my lifetime. Like I was born in 1999. I'm 20 years old. Like it's advanced so much from when I was a kid. Great, wow.
Whereas like today you can get like a terabyte hard drive, it's like side of your phone. It's like,
I
took
photos
of like, you know, like the Nasa computers that got us to the moon. It's like a whole room for one computer. Like, can you help my phone now? Let's get in my pocket eat.
It's creating, yep,
music,
43 as far as I can tell. Mhm.
Yeah,
it's been off you.
Yeah, hopefully it gets a bit better with the current situation.