All right. Hey how you doing?
Oh I gotta turn my volume always have the volume down. So I've got multiple computers going on at a laptop, big monitor and a surface
area. That's
it.
I'm bad. All where what are you taking, where you going?
Oh by the way I'm I'm scott by the way.
fantastic.
I am working from home
these days. Um
Yeah a grant making organization for libraries and museums. Um
Yeah it's quite different. Um
I mean I. T. Um lead I. T. Um But uh and other other oh its leadership things going on in recent past, spent the I've spent a number of years in Department of Defense, number of years
in
uh the FBI. Um
And uh you know opportunities arise and and you take.
back in the day I used to write software
for Tomahawk cruise missile.
Yeah I decided it wasn't, I was I was going after a master's degree in Software Engineering and within one semester I decided that was not going to be me for the rest of my life very quickly understood that. And so I changed uh Systems Engineering. Yeah.
So.
I have.
Yeah, that's
Well that gets you somewhere,
but it can actually really thank you emotionally. Right.
Uh That's interesting.
Well good. No that's that's important.
Right.
Yeah that's uh that's got to be rough. You miss out on so much of the what it's about. Right. Um What year? Where are you?
Okay, that's a that's a pretty sweet spot.
She's looking out for the dog.
Okay. Well that's good
now it works out. Yeah. Shoot, I'm hiring people to do that data analytics. Right.
Yeah. So but uh yeah I've got a whole big project we're doing putting together, we're creating a data lake in a data warehouse. If you have it's a term of choice, whatever and being able to drive then um you know, grant making decisions based on data. Um you know, so if we say, hey, you know, you applicant need to come and and demonstrate
you're
gonna
serve an area of need need being anything, whether it be unemployment or lack of broad band or whatever it is. And you write up something and it's all fancy and sounds great. But then, you know, let's go and
is
it
well,
but no, let's make it simple. Let's go actually look in the area that you're saying you're going to provide the solution. And is that area in need or is it like the richest counties in America? And so there's a huge optic issue there that All right. Yeah.
Yeah, it's a little complicated. Yeah.
That's right.
That's right.
There's something to be said about the standard. Keep it simple. Uh
Yeah, so I've got to ask what's that behind you? On the couch,
dirt.
Okay. Good to see the stock in the scope and I was like, all right,
I see.
okay. It looks it looks real enough from a distance that you
wouldn't want to do something crazy with it.
Who it is.
Oh, that's where the little nerve things are.
okay. What
night.
And okay, well, you just think about these days. I mean people do not react well
or
they overreact so yeah, that's right.
I
mean, I just bought a drone um little mel vic. I put the box in it.
but uh you know, so I've just been flying around the house right now. I've only had it up, I don't know, 300 ft. Um
But the view in the video
and
I mean it's you know, it's one it gives you real time video back to your phone on the on the controller instructs.
this is theoretically this is supposed to go out to 5000. So uh like you know, distance. Um
I haven't friday yet, I haven't been in a proper open space, you
know?
that's right. Exactly. Um theoretically if it gets in trouble if you can hit him and then it will return to home or if it loses connection it will return to home. So I'm you know, again I haven't tried it and Yeah.
yeah, so uh now my wife's got a horse and we keep it in a farm nearby. And so um I'm going to be taking it out to the farm because there's some wide open space to try it out with.
Uh So you can get it for for uh
what around 300 33 99. But I got this one for five because it there's three batteries with it and and a special character that you can put all three batteries in and charge them all at the same time. Um And then you can use that if if there's something else needed to use you could use that battery bank charge the other stuff. So when you're out and about um
you don't want to run uh run out of power.
That said it will fly for
30 minutes
on 11 battery.
So you know I'm I'm kind of getting out about, it's not very big here.
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Erin but it makes it easier. That's it folded up
and so let's see these fall out,
this was down. Oh
you didn't see that
and
that's all, that's all the bigger it is and it just it's pretty amazing flew in the house on climate, made a racket.
That's right, that's right. I used a couple of model airplanes and tried to fly him around, you know, varying degrees of success. But this thing was like beyond easy, you know
that this
little
quite a little bit um it's got this little controller, this thing fold and you stick your phone in between
and so yeah just plugs right in and and it's that simple. I mean it's really
unbelievable how straightforward it is,
but
completely, I mean, you know I've been no awesome. I needed a new toy during the pandemic. Yeah.
no.
Oh my goodness.
I'd imagine. Um no you don't want to lose something like that.
Um We were doing now when I was working with the bureau, we I was with a bunch of guys were doing guys weekend just out in a big bunch of property, you know doing guy stuff, shooting guns and yeah all the other stuff and the guy took his breath, he brought his drone which was like that, you know and it was
like massive but he's we were shooting and he took it down
range from like you know we're up here and he took it down range from us filming, shooting, filming the shooting. And he was like here's the deal anybody shoots the drone buys
the
drone, you got to keep it, you know? And so that thing just sat up there hovered and shot four K video of all the action, which was
pretty sweet. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. You know you got to have. Uh huh But now I do a lot of woodwork and things like that or build things around the house. My god during the panda I built a shed during the pandemic. You know um I had enough lumber in the garage that that I think I spent 100 bucks.
I finished the shed. No.
that sucks.
That's a bummer. Yeah
this thing it's really cool. The software it comes with it has a map and it has no fly zones
and and all that stuff integrated into the map. Yeah Plus D. J. I. The brand rate so they.
yeah make it through all kinds of um I
haven't looked into this one enough yet. I probably have flown at a half dozen times so far. Uh huh.
Oh yeah it's
and it's the first one so that I've had. So um and it's so much different than the like the remote control airplane was talking about. I mean it was hard to fly, the damn thing. It was hard enough to start
motor. It had a little teeny single cylinder motor. I mean it was like that's stupid. It was to have a glow plug it
hot so that it would turn the gas. It
it
was gas. Yeah,
that's exactly right. Exactly. Right. Yeah, No, I mounted into like a vice and start the engine so it wouldn't go, you know, so you can just get it, make sure I would run. Right? So it was, it was literally a pain in the butt,
so
that's not an Oculus is um
is it really? Mm How do you like it?
that's pretty cool.
What what's your favorite thing to do with it?
now that's pretty cool. Um I was at a uh at a technology conference and I'm gonna, what you're the name of this thing, it's called Dreamscape, where it's like you go into this room and you put on a put on a headset, put on a backpack,
put stuff on your hand in your feet, right?
And that was the most immersive experience I've had, I mean and and all you did
was walk around this little
little
space,
but it sure looked like there were walls and stuff
and and like drop offs and they had a fan loans and different things happening visually. And I mean, I mean like like environmentally to like
you know, heat or fan or whatever to make it um more real. And they're starting to build these things around um
theoretically it will be, you know, be like one of the the attractions too to go spend some time with.
Thanks.
what's the dynamic that makes it
makes it?
Uh huh.
Oh yeah, no that's
that's
I
haven't thought about that problem. Right, Yeah, that's a good one,
now that's
that's that's pretty fascinating. Um Okay,
I'm just thinking I'm just kind of like processing
through
the technology of that, so yeah.
That's pretty cool. Yeah, I mean when simply when you said google earth and go stand in a place uh I would imagine you're dropping in, I'm assuming into like the 3 60 thing videos they have right, for the environment. Yeah. Um
I mean lately down in the uh in the basement we've got you know, big tv set up and with the gym and uh my wife's been using um Youtube who just like like do a walkthrough
somewhere in Italy or whatever, so you know while she's on
a treadmill, walking the tv
is walking through on a on a gyro stabilized camera, right, You know, and they're just cruising through some beautiful scenic space of Italy and uh
yeah it's pretty phenomenal.
and I think
that's kind of what they're they're looking to make it do, it's kind of like the, I mean this is the poor man's version of the palatine, right? Where, you know, they've got that whole integrated system, yeah, but Yeah.
Away.
Yes.
wow,
that's pretty, pretty phenomenal um
I mean that's, again, the applications are, you're pretty phenomenal. I haven't even, I haven't gone into too much of that, The biggest thing
I did was the dreamscape thing, but um
well it's that combination of physical and yeah, yeah and virtual. So it was very cool. But
uh just a lot of this just makes you think because my wife rights and so um thinking things to another level, right, be uh be really cool. I could basically
I'm figuring out now how I can get an Oculus rift and and write it off as a business expense so that I can do R. And D. For
her
reality
book,
you know? Or I'm putting augmented reality into the book.
but the exercise peace would be you have to get something
like
sunglasses or wrap around like a like a rap frame, you know and then the proper video because it has to be light enough, Right?
That's right.
The little things like that, you know? Certainly
yeah, yeah. You said gymnastics. What do
you,
what do you do there?
Keep them
points and everything. I can't imagine. It's because it's just a constant pounding. Right? Mhm.
Exactly. But in a graceful, controlled way. Yeah.
Okay. Be funny.
I've seen it. I have not messed with one.
chief,
that's pretty slave. Yeah. No, that's good. I mean you understand that you're, you know, back in the day I was doing atari 2600, you know.
Thank you.
I was writing code for tomahawk um hard drives that were in the equipment um So you got to understand the, it was a it was multi racks of equipment that would run just the weapon control software. And so if if you put an end to end, it was probably like 25 ft line of massive computers, the hard drives. It was a two person lift pick this thing up because they were ruggedized and and they were they only held like meg
solid state and you're set. Right? And so you know,
crazy stuff
like
that.
And it's more powerful. It's amazing.
Well fantastic. Well cool. Well hey um
I think we're yeah.
think we're good. Huh? All right.
Well
you as well enjoy the rest of the next year and a half I guess.
Absolutely. You too.