Hi, how are you? Uh huh. Yeah, and Mhm Oh, especially okay, Yeah. Mhm.
All
there. Oh
I'm mike
you as well
when I wake up, I'll let you know,
I'll live.
sounds,
I'll definitely definitely
say dogs, I've
got
to
Mhm. We did. Who growing up at them? I've only had dogs myself since adulthood.
I've thought about it. My dogs are so much work to take care of. Got them right, your arms reach away one
one second it's cooper here, He's asleep. I kind of woke up.
mixed with something I got him from the humane society and
they said now I can't remember but They said something and then three different vets have said it's not that boxer, that's what it is.
That's maybe, yeah, that's what
in society said, but the vets keep saying once said maybe, but the others said no, there's no boxer. Yeah, definitely.
Lab though.
My other ones even bigger. But he's outside or something.
I definitely don't have any, I'm open minded with things like that. But I'm, I don't know. It's hard to just, I don't know. There's so many people that claim things that it's at some point you have to say maybe there's something to it.
longest.
Therefore
as long as they're friendly.
Sounds good. Mhm Yeah. You said aliens though. Next
I have to believe, you know, I'm
out
Yeah. I love like space type stuff and it's just so enormous the universe that there's got to be something out there
again. As long as they're friendly.
Yeah, I think of this one fact that tells you a lot about how big spaces Alpha Centauri is 25 trillion miles away. I think that's what they said. The nearest star, one star 25 trillion. If I'm not mistaken,
So
Mhm The trillions upon trillions requires all those planets. I'd be shocked if there isn't that's for sure. Yeah.
Yeah I appreciate you doing that. Very well prepared this way.
Sounds good. Yeah I think
it get older it gets easier. You know I'm pushing 50 now and I don't have that much life experience but I certainly know a lot of different topics and you know I can rattle on about politics and sports.
Some
polls.
You froze for a minute though. Did you say you like uh
I
lost your video. I still hear you.
Mm No big deal. But did you say you like politics
on? Neither am I I don't like it at all. It's just too negative of
arm.
Yeah I didn't vote and lot of my friends and co workers and everything are upset about that but it's just such a negative experience to me.
they are that's the thing. There are too many unhappy people. I'm surprised there wasn't more rioting glad but. Right.
Mhm. Your
video came back anyway.
Yeah. No big deal. Were you located?
Oh
I'm in Bellingham Washington.
It's very neat while
of I've lived here 20 it'll be 20 years next year. I've only been on the islands once. Mhm.
was it in the summer I hope.
Oh any time is good but it's just beautiful. So nice to walk around.
Good stuff.
Yeah a lot of homeless. I mean that's getting to be everywhere but yeah definitely a lot of drugs in this area.
No at least here there's so much to
do with so many great spots to hike if you like that.
Why?
Mhm. Are you in the fire zone then too,
we're
all,
I'm glad to hear that.
That every year right,
seemed like
last year, not this year, it was worse here. We definitely smelled the smoke, it was everywhere, but last year it seemed like there were fires. My uncle lives nearby and we can see for miles over this valley into Canada and um you could actually see fires, it was that close, but this year wasn't quite as bad,
it
was
Oh yeah, I'll say yes, I mean, you know like looking at a tornado can be kind of need that kind of stuff, but just uh devastation to the environment, things like that, and just it's hard to appreciate it when that's going on.
we get a lot of rain here, so that helps. But
yeah, it's
I still remember I moved in, moved here and 2001 and one of my uncles said, Yeah, everybody from the outside says it rains, it rains, it rains. But number one, you get used to it. # two, it's not that bad. And the third thing he said is that after four July, it actually gets dry here and he's right, so we do get a fair amount of rain, but lot of summers it dries out and then that's when the fires hit. So it's just unfortunate.
And
you really,
you really do get used to it. I walk my dogs every day in the rain. It just kind of like, oh, it's raining, you learn the time at uh like mowing your lawn and stuff like that. So it's no big deal
die.
Yeah, you should move here. Yeah.
that
little bit warmer than here. Still. It's I've never actually been. No, I was in Portland once, but I don't know the state at all. But climate wise it's very similar and just the whole area is terrific.
One
home.
Oh sorry. I was just going to say one thing I like about living where we do here. You got Vancouver is only about an hour, less than an hour. The border is not too bad. Seattle is an hour and a half away. Portland's about five hours away. So there's a lot of Big cities but yet Bellingham where I am is less than 100,000. So. And
then there
You go 10 minutes away and you're in the complete rural areas.
Yeah. Yeah. We have Mount Baker 50 miles away for skiing and tons of hike. So it's just a neat area. Mhm.
What?
you?
Yeah, Very neat here or two. We don't get the extremes of weather. I'm from michigan originally and warm the southern shore of Lake Superior and oh my you get snow by the foot and then in the summer gets just so hot.
There's
like you wouldn't believe I used to, my dad has an excavation business that would be outside work and be a cloud of mosquitoes around you. There's a reason why I'm here. Let's put it that way. What?
Yeah, there are some here though. It's but I mean it pales in comparison to where I'm from. So
I think it has to do with your blood type cooper, the dog I showed you same thing where he there's like none around him. And my other dog nelson swarmed.
You could just see it literally. So
that's
detected somehow. Yeah, I think it is blood type, but I'm not sure.
Could be like your hormones or something sweat. I don't know.
Hard
of.
that I, I vaguely remember.
Mhm. Yeah. Got another one on your list viral.
Well, I'd have to think to be completely honest. You know, I saw this and my dad to, once I hit like mid thirties all the way until now. I've just been really absorbed with work and my job I took early this year I'm a physical therapist assistant but they asked me to become the manager of our rehab department and oh my I mean I work way too much and
other,
yeah, somebody had to do it basically. Nobody else wanted to and they're smarter than I am. So.
it could
I still have to do a lot of the working with people. Trust me, it's just now I have to do a lot more. But
yeah, so uh I mean it's Pretty much a seven day a week job,
so I just haven't had time for hobbies. My dogs become my hobbies like just
Yeah, they're both overweight, so I try to walk with them every day
before I did this job. I was doing it like two or three times a day. Now it's two times on the weekend, usually once on the weekdays. So we need to get better at then. Other than that, I mean I used to play a lot of sports but haven't had time for that.
Yeah, growing up I love basketball, but
it's
harder.
You do like it.
same here. I was always too short and fat,
Let's see growing up in michigan hockey was big. I wish I would have gone that route. My brother did and he was good, but we're always working and we're in a very rural area, so we didn't really go far in sports. Um Now I like tennis, it's just easier to find one person and go play
not this year though with the on the virus.
They
Even
I like to go and like there are a lot of people that are intimidated by it and I just say just go and hit around, get some exercise, you get better with practice. So that's what I try to get people to do, which a lot of my coworkers did last year, but this year with very limited. So
I'm getting older too, a lot of the people I play with, their getting older, busy with family and everything. One year, a cousin of mine, he and I played a lot. We even played in december. I remember one year the ball was real heavy because it was so cold out. Right. Good good exercise and just a good activity for fun.
Well
two
good stuff. I did racquetball some too but I'm getting cheaper as I get older too. I don't belong to a gym or anything just I don't have time release so it's an added expense I don't need. Yeah.
It's
tolerant.
Life is so busy. Yeah.
That same here I've got a lot of equipment
X.
Response bike and a weak bench.
One
single.
I've got one, Yep.
the women
I have a storage shed in the backyard that I set up for exercise but now that it's winter practically it's I need to set it up inside. I do that every winter.
Yeah that's true.
Reynolds.
Ancient court out there. Yeah, good idea. Right.
Yeah, Well, I really let myself go
three
years ago, I got in great shape. A previous dog of mine died that previous year and I kind of dedicated it to her and I lost a lot of weak. But work is just so busy and I don't commit myself to it. That's the key so I could get better. But it's just hard.
You hit the nail on the head, the routine. You're, you're just expected. That's what was happening back in the 2017. I'd get up and be like, Okay, before I go to work, I am going to exercise. I'd even take, I was kayaking a lot at that time. I'd take my kayak to work, go right after work and come home. That was fun. But This, that was when I was doing a previous job where it was more like eight hours, 10 hours now. It's a lot of 12 plus hour days and well it makes it tough.
you.
Yeah. And one trick that I even teach a lot of patients when I work with them is Just do five or 10 minute mini workouts and I need to get back to that just like sitting in a chair and do impartial stands.
21
Just
little burst in That's like in 2017 I was doing that and then just slowly things got back to I'll call it my normal where I wasn't exercising as much but I'm always exercise and it's just not as much as I need and then I eat much so
that's a neat way to do it though. I'm sure there's great apps for that. I'm just not that.
Tech savvy got my broken pixel here
they
are. Yeah, good point mhm
It's connect.
for a while I was taking an apple, an orange and a carrot
for my lunch
and with that little tweak made me feel better. But yeah,
Yeah, that's I got to get back into that.
It sure would be nice if that was the case.
Well,
you
know, makes sense. I guess it's kind of sad, but I think at least in terms of your brain chemicals and everything that you when you're eating bad foods, it's a lot like drugs, your, your brain says I want more of that. I'm used to it. And so that's where it gets, you get like withdrawals and I don't think I had any sweets yesterday until I got home, but during the day I was like, well I'm really hungry and I could really use chocolate
or something. That's
completely
yeah, I held off because I had to I didn't even eat lunch. It was just out three of the details.
Job is just getting to be too much. I think in january I'm going to announce my retirement from health care and go do something easier work at Target or something.
I thought about that. But, and you know, I work at a nursing home, we actually did get hammered by the, I had it myself, the coronavirus. It was a rough stretch and we're starting to get through it right now. But it's still bad the job, you know, just, we have to put on a mask and goggles and a shield gowns for a lot of our residents and then you go in the room and you're, because they're older, they keep the heat on. Yeah, just standing there. I'm sweating. It's just really bad not to mention helping people stand and walk and exercise. So it's just rough. But
that's I was just gonna say our facility, it's just so bad. The part we have all part time staff and most of them are working elsewhere. They've got busy lives so they don't want to work so much. So it's is just such a tour trying to find therapists to actually do the job. That's what's taking a huge part of my day. Not to mention I do my own therapy sessions. And so it
Yeah, when you when I started 15 years ago doing this, it was just like the joy of helping people now. It's just kind of like the dread of the day and dealing with all these different things. So I kind of want to go, I was born like into a blue collar family, just all everybody in my dad's side. It was like loggers and you know, as a joke, I was born with a shovel in one hand and a power still on the other and you know, I kind of missed that though. I just I like to be productive and it just feels like I'm spinning my wheels every day at work. So
That that I don't want to leave right now. The facility would be in dire straits, literally. I'm the only therapist in the building, so we do a lot through telehealth and they'd have nothing will be.
that's the thing, you know, it's just I've put on weight and the last couple of days I've had heart palpitations, my blood pressure is really high, luckily I work with nurses and I knew it anyway, but so trying to cut down, I think. I hope it was just too much caffeine earlier in the week, but I still feel it right now a little bit. Even so you have, I'll
quit complaining.
I agree. Yeah.
I think what would help me is to have a diet where I eat predominantly good foods and then let myself cheat, but I'm too often the I'll grab a pizza and okay, I'll just I'll get to the apples tomorrow, I'll
get to
the
order
tomorrow.
Welcome.
Exactly. Yeah. All in good time. I I really hope If I can get a different job, get down to like 40 hours a week and then a little overtime, whatever. That's a huge difference from what I'm working right now and at half time to just prepare meals and exercise time will tell.
Thank
you. Yeah, Thank you enough about my boring about
back
to this.
what else do you have? Yeah go for it.
I do yeah
I
do it more. My ex wife got me into those I can't remember what you call it, the little handle thing with the little
whatever.
Yeah so long story but I have a old car that I drive and it's getting worked on right now but I had those with me. My dad kind of got me into that habit where while I'm driving
it's just easier. Yes you're at a stoplight it's just easier. So but anyway I'm driving a car. I sold him my parents and they aren't in there so but I do I have floss here at home and I have some at work so
I did well when I was younger but the last and I don't go to a dentist anywhere near enough but the last time I did they did say had some cavities so I got to get better still
what finding.
Well
yeah it's prevention but so you don't get that immediate report. Just have to remind yourself I guess. 48.
Well
no
big deal
definitely. Public speaking. That's always been a preference for me.
I wouldn't
Yeah one on 1. I've never been so bad. It's just in front of a group. Mhm. It's not as bad as it used to be but it's still definitely I'll avoid it if I can. Let's put it that way. How about you?
I wouldn't consider that a fear. I think it's a rash.
To me it's kind of like if somebody's got a gun to your head you should be fearful.
Yeah. I mean it's just rational. The horse can kick you american amalia to me. I I consider fears like I used to be in psychology and I work with people that weird fears like elevators and stuff like that.
I think what defines like a phobia is if it's irrational in other words of course, you know, a meteorite could come through your sealing your roof right now and get you. But most people don't, the odds are so low that most people don't panic about that kind of thing. But a horse kicking. Yeah. If you're too close. I mean I think it's very good to be fearful of that.
they are
not.
Yeah. To be in this day and age, it's still the same kind of thing. That's rational. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. It's hard to say just, I mean a lot of it's your own subjective view I guess. Yeah. I can't think of any others that I would say it would be like public speaking to me, it's just sort of like your pride on the line looking bad or that kind of thing. But it
is
somewhat irrational because if you conquer the fear you're going to speak better anyway and look better so.
Uh huh.
Moderation. It sometimes it is good to have a little healthy fear. It motivates chili when I had a really bad fear of public speaking like in high school, that kind of thing. I wouldn't prepare speeches as well because I was so fearful. I just wouldn't avoid the whole thing as much as possible. Then I'd go give the speech and just spout off something rambled through. But as I've gotten older through college and everything I think I'm still fearful and it makes me nervous but I prepare better and it just, I think I do a better job all in all. So
Yeah, thank you. Never easy though. I will speak at my
brother's
wedding.
it's tough. Any others on your list?
Yeah,
depends on what you mean by like I'm really not a fan of wealth, I think the way things are, there's so many needy people and causes things like that and for anybody to have a lot of money, what are they doing with that money? It's sort of like almost by definition there gluttonous with it, so I don't like that.
And
so to me it's what you do with it. If he is like lavishing himself with yachts and stuff like that, you know, Bill Gates gets the reputation of being so charitable, but at the same time, I know he's got gigantic houses
and the arts and everything that to me is gluttony and so I don't I think you should be using that money, you know it's great what they do but they could do more.
So
i it's hard for me to get on board with in that appreciative when you know it's if somebody's got a billion dollars and gives away a million that makes them look charitable in the eyes of some people but not me, you're holding.
I see through that, I don't like you know when celebrities leave there was some new thing about one of them leaving a big tip at a restaurant, you know, you know they're doing it to look good and Oh yeah, that's not necessarily
true but
especially I work with nursing assistance that make like minimum wage $15 an hour or less. And I mean they work so hard compared to some movie star acting, You know 20 million for a movie and you know it's just a disgrace in my mind. Again I would be too negative
from
are some
for
the world I was just going to say like I certainly like jim Carrey with dumb and dumber, my sense of humor is pretty low brows so
yeah I love the Austin powers movies like
then there's you know I'm a guy, there are a lot of very attractive women that are great as
far as celebrities. Yeah.
devotee, single favorites yourself, celebrities.
What?
Do you watch these older movies then?
That was Sylvester
Stallone.
What?
mm I love a lot of those, I'm more into like 80s movies than current movies, I'm
trying to think of the name of my favourite one, the running man with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yeah, just a neat kind of sci fi ish movie, I'll spare you. You should watch it if you get a chance
they are if you like just easy going comedy kind of movies. He was in a movie called Twins, you ever hear that?
Do you know who Danny devito is?
Yeah, that's one of my favorites that movie. Just a comedy. I'll just tell you this part. The two of them are supposed to be twins, so the comedy flows
from there.
There you go.
You ever hear the show, taxi? I won't? Oh that
was the movie taxi driver.
there's
like a
sitcom back in the 70's I think and maybe 80's called taxi where Danny Devito, his character was sort of a everybody hates him but loves him at the same time. Just he was the boss of a taxi company. And anyway that was one of my favorite shows growing up. Lot of fun.
I've heard of it cousin of mine used to love that but I've never watched it.
Yeah I'd love to see it someday.
I
just I really don't watch much tv. What I really do is I listen to tv while I'm doing surveys and stuff like that.
They are that's pretty standard for me then. Um I mean I haven't actually watched any, well when I had the coronavirus I was pretty sick so
I
do
the
air.
that was almost two months ago when I was diagnosed. So and then only I was pretty much better in less than a week.
I
don't know.
Yeah I had a three day stretch that was really rough. But other than that it
wasn't too bad.
Oh sure. I mean I have nothing to hide. That's for sure. The thing is that the symptoms differ. So it went through our nursing home and Actually 10 of our residents died.
It was sad but there you know older not to diminish it. Um For me personally I had A real high fever had 104 at one point and I had a stomachache that lingered for a few days after and it was just like my stomach shrink. I did I wasn't eating as much but that didn't last. Unfortunately then I had nothing respiratory and I had no headaches. That that's a lot of my co workers complained of that kind of stuff. But I was lucky that way and I was just super super tired. I should have known that it was coming. So on a friday we were tested at work and on a sunday I was called at home and told I was positive. So but through that week I was really tired. I'm always tired but I thought it was you know what a muscle twitches.
Just
I had a stupid one in my arm that Located kept me up for two days a Tuesday and Wednesday. So I wasn't sleeping well and I thought I'm just tired from that because I mean I really wasn't sleeping much so that thursday I was just like dead tired, dragging and tired on the friday too. But you just you know as you get older you don't need to sleep as much but you just don't have the energy either. So we were tested that friday. I went in to help because the virus had been, it was known that it was in the facility already and it was kind of like all hands on deck, Everybody was there to help as much as possible, hand out food and just do what we could. But that saturday I was starting to get sweaty and I just had to go sit down and so it was kind of like, I bet you this is it not there? I was told they had it and then sunday through Tuesday where the rough days um yeah, sunday I just remember being really tired. I walk my dogs every day and I went a week without walking them partly will recover, but partly because it was just I was so tired. So
I mean I was lucky though the respiratory things, seemingly the worst part for most people. That's what's killing people. I think so I was lucky. It just wasn't that incredibly bad
come.
Yeah. You know, I'm not that old, but if through the country younger people than I are dying. So it's, you know, it's just always a concern. Just sad though boy and even now lingering, I mentioned how I'm the only therapist in the building. Some of our therapists just are too scared to come back that they don't want to get it. So yeah, it just has a lot of like cascading um consequences.
the ripple effect. Yeah, john
it's just hard to believe when it first hit everybody's like all, it'll be over in a month and wow, seven months later, eight months later. Yeah, about eight months. I remember early March, we were starting to be affected by it. So
yeah, I would be the first to sign up. I've told people even before I got the virus myself, I would be in a trial, I would gladly have anything to save lives. I feel like the odds of me dying from it or were low. So if I could be part of a trial but I never did I never really researched it or anything
Could be but who knows. I just I just didn't research it. So you are.
That could be, do you have a career in psychology coming up? Like
psychotherapist?
You
just
have a way of spinning things very positively so.
Being
Yeah that's good. I think when I was younger you know you just have more energy ambition at everything. That's easier as you get older it's just like I don't have energy for anything anymore.
You have the tools already like you were saying the eating and exercise that's huge, maintaining
that.
Yeah and just being positive I think kind of when you're positive others around you tend to treat you positively so it
reinforces it. So just keep up that work
what
come
home
more.
I think we're over the time. So but
one more I honestly I have a lot to do today. I've got to get my phone.
Whatever you want. I'm not that much of a hurry. I might even take a nap again. I'm pretty tired.
I I'm I was telling you earlier about being in a stage of life like a lot of work and everything. I'm sort of in what I would consider the pre retirement stage
where it save save save. And so I'm really trying to just be ready for anything last year cooper at a tumor in. Um it costs me close to $10,000 total with all the different yet to have surgery and stuff like that. Things like that worry me. So I want to just save as much money as I can. And I mean I still live a life, but especially right now, not that much. So mostly for me it's just save
well, yeah, I try to save and then when something comes up, I have money for it. But even like my car, it's 2003 model, so it tells you,
I'll
never buy new. I usually just find a friend or somebody who wants to get rid of theirs. Buy from them. Like my mom back in 2009. She wanted a little truck, which I had and I wanted a car for driving with good gas mileage and everything. So we traded.
but
what?
That's for me, it's just like find a $5-$8,000 car used buy it outright. So I don't have to pay interest. Just, you know, there's a lot of, I never went through out of having student loans.
you know, I've worked so incredibly much during school too, so it burned me out. I should have stayed in psychology, I got a master's degree and I just couldn't
doctorate. Yeah, I could
have gone.
There's
also a postdoc that you can get. But
I
should have probably just taken time off and then worked with my masters and try to go back. But I was so burned out. Even today, it's just the thought of like I still have some of my psychology books and I don't look at him. They're in a closet.
Well,
I get tons of emails on things where you get free advice web MD and stuff like that. There's just like I was telling somebody when I was sick with the corona virus. I felt lucky compared to like the residents had the facility of working because all they had was Tv which is better than nothing. But online you have so many options, play a game, read about sports, you know, just all kinds of different things. So
peru yeah, we're lucky in this era that way.
Well
uh huh. Hard to say. Yeah. Good stuff though.
You too. And this is the second time I've done this. Yeah you're
firms.
Good. I know they run this again and again. They had a
I did it the first time. The second time I think twice the person didn't show up for me and then I completely spaced it and missed it. So
I don't feel that bad. I mean
yeah, I just I mean I don't like letting people down but um yeah it's just so hard when you work as much as I do. I'm glad
they set it up for today because I'm not I have to do some work at home here but I'm not going to work so
that made a lot easier. Yeah very good.
that will help me be productive. I'm actually starting to wake up anyway and I better get going so I got so much to do. But good chatting with you said it's Mark. Right
my
I
love you
know what good step All right I'm gonna turn you loose. Maybe I'll see you again on this. It
means
yeah be a lot of fun. I'll come up with the list next time. What, mm. All right I'm gonna shut us down
and
have a great day. All right thanks Mark. Yeah. Catch you later.