I how
are you kidding? What? Mm.
on my quick, that's all
mike. Nice to meet you.
How you doing today?
Oh, it's still still still in the process of that, Huh? Mhm.
That's good. I wrote down some some like little talking points, you know, so you can kind of keep this moving if you want to hear a couple. Alright,
alright. Uh do you have a favorite animal?
Come on
They're
good.
I'm a cat man myself, but I used to have a theater. Good animals.
you should branch out. Branch out cuts are great. Both are good. Both are good. They don't get along so well of it.
could I see if you don't know? I love a good dog.
Oh, big dog nights. Very cute. Is the lab we stopped labs to eat it too?
That's good.
so it's a lab and boxer mix maybe, maybe.
we don't know.
wow.
Yeah, labs are great. I love labs. Yes.
Just doing, doing this dog stuff, you know, cats are a lot less work. Still good. Still gonna happen cross that one off. What about ghosts? Do you believe in ghosts? Do you have any ghost experiences?
I don't know. I'm gonna need some proof, but I definitely hope so. Be cool to interact with the ghost maybe. Okay,
aliens.
So what
agreed agreed, You gotta be nice or we'll have to send them back to the spirit world or whatever.
Yeah, aliens too.
There's
so many planets. Right.
Yeah. I hope we get to see him at some point. Right. Hope they're not too far away to, to hang out with
as long as they're friendly. It's a good, good outlook yet.
Yeah. There's gotta be something out there somewhere, you know, some
alien boss maybe.
I'd be a bomber if there weren't. All you can do is hope I guess. Mhm. I'm crossing them off as we go along you know?
Yeah I'm not a great talker so I'm trying to you know keep it moving keep it entertaining. Have fun you know?
No.
Do it. We
love
bomb ticks. I don't I don't know much about him but I like to talk about it. You I'm only 20 so you know I don't have how much of that wisdom myself but mhm.
Excuse
me.
uh It's both of them are still working for me.
Okay. I do I do yeah I like talking about it you know but I don't I don't know a bunch about it you know I'm not an expert.
it
does seem that way lately.
Yeah I totally agree. I didn't vote either and everyone saw me about it like the country is going to explode if you don't you know everything's gonna change but I don't know. It does seem like a like a big bomber today. Nobody wins, everybody is unhappy.
Oh
wow.
It did. All right, that's good. Sorry I don't know what's up with that
around Fresno California. Yeah.
Yeah
wow. I was up in Washington like about a year ago I went to san juan islands.
It's a great
My parents used to live there so they kind of took me back is like some getaway type thing. It's great, the climate is amazing,
wow. I think it was around the summer maybe a little after.
Thank you.
Lot of hippies up there though but they're nice. They're fun people.
No we don't like that.
Practice.
Yeah that's lucky. See I'm in like the central valley of California so everything there's nothing here it's all like dead grass and
like desert trees got to go up north. It's much better there.
Yes. Right next to it right next to it. We
smell
smoke a little bit but nothing's burned down.
Thanks.
Okay.
Look.
That's good.
How
did it look seeing the fires? Was it kind of depressing or kind of beautiful like in a weird way? Yeah.
It's a weird mix of like emotions. Yeah. Yeah.
The rainy state right or something?
It's nothing about. Right.
It sounds like a good good mix of climate though. Right? I mean mostly kind of kind of rainy it's good for the plants and all and then it draws out and it's summer it's
perfect
but
I like the right I don't know it feels nice,
smells good. It smells great when it rains. We love the rain smell
definitely got to get up north. Some somewhere. I've been thinking about Oregon to Orford, Oregon is nice. I
drove through there.
It's
so
different. Sorry go ahead.
That's
sweet. That's great.
I wished
I got to drive like ours to get anywhere
with some good trees. Driving
up like driving up to Oregon it was such a like world changing experience. You know because you drive through and there's nothing like in California and then like you get a little bit up north and there's just trees like everywhere just like hundreds of big green trees is the best.
Do you want? Okay. Oh
we don't like
it's nicer in the city. So I guess less mosquitoes. Maybe
mosquitoes are weird. My mom like she'll get torn up by them. You know, they flocked to her, but I never get bit by any of them. They don't touch me. It's weird. Maybe I smell bad, you know? All
Where
It's weird. Like a bug like that small house, like the knowledge to be like, that's the one I like and like that one is no good dogs
are to wait. Mhm Yeah.
after google it maybe. I don't know. Yeah.
Keep that pressure
either.
I don't want to hear me. Don't don't want to ask too many questions, you know? Don't bite a gift horse in the mouth. Is that it's the same? Uh
Get the general idea.
Oh yeah, Yeah. Let's take a good one. Hobbies or talents. Do you have any, anything you're good at? Anything you like to do?
it sounds
like a big step.
Like you go from working with people trying to like help them and then like to managing people. Sounds
wild.
Yeah both you know?
Ooh
that's definitely a hobby.
That's good.
What sports?
I
played
a little bit of basketball,
I played a little bit and in high school and middle school I wasn't great but
I'm like really tall but I can't like I can't throw it in, can't dribble so good they just put me under the hoop and I would kind of grab it. Mhm.
Thank you.
that sucks.
Tennis is great though. I love tennis, I
don't play but it sounds really fun you know? I've played a few times. It's good.
Well hopefully next year it'll it'll the virus will go away and we can we can tennis it up, you know? Yeah.
Yeah, I like it because like there's no team relying on you. You know if you
mess up it's like it's your fault. Nobody else is gonna get mad. It's all
on you. I like that solo sports are good.
I signed up for one a long time ago. Just bought the thing and never went just still have the card, never went. Yeah, I
don't
like it.
it's easier to just kind of do some push ups at home, you know?
That's
good.
She
got
a bag, you got a heavy bag.
Yeah, we love those jump
ropes to jump ropes are great.
You could just fill it with space heaters, you know,
crank
the
Got to stay fit, got to stay healthy.
Me
too.
I think the biggest the biggest part is kind of forming that habit, you know, once you, once you do it like over and over for a while, it gets easier to just kind of jump into it, but
Yeah, I don't know that, that sounds like a tough find man. I don't know, I've solved that one. I hope it works out. That's
a lot of hours
kind
of keep you in the swing of things, you know?
That's a good idea.
Yeah, that's the big part. You got to get that diet perfected, you know, I'm still working on that. It's hard, I've been like counting the vitamins that I'm missing, trying to allocate, it's it's really tough kind of like enter everything that you eat into a website and it'll tell you like what you're missing out on what you need more of what you're getting too much of. But it's hard to just religiously like at every single meal you eat into the thing.
No.
I mean you're here, you figured this out, right? Everything
is possible.
You feel
a lot better when you're eating good though. That's what I've realized. Mhm.
That's
great.
feel like a totally different person almost like you're excited for things, you're happy of energy, you know,
they have to stop making like Doritos tastes so good, you know? It's hard.
I heard about something where um like if you eat like candy and stuff regularly, your tongue will like adjust to the sweetness and then eating like an orange or an apple, it won't taste as sweet anymore because you're
is adjusted to like the super sweet of
the can.
Come on.
She held
off. I mean almost
No.
Maybe wait wait for the like once the virus has lifted you know.
And you manage stuff too.
That's a lot.
I don't know yet definitely. I think look for another job. That's what that's what you want to do. You should do it time it well but
That's good. I mean it's good that you're sticking it out. I'm still helping people love and need it. Mhm. Certainly going to take a toll,
All
Gotta straighten. No, you gotta straighten up that diet man. That's number one.
It's just so tough. I can't do it myself. I'm working on it, you know? But you feel better when you have like a day where you eat everything good. Feel perfect. You're feeling good. Mhm.
when
you
finish
the
pizza yeah you can I mean you can typically eat whatever you want. You just have to kind of do it in moderation you know do little amounts of it and it's no problem. There's
still eating good foods.
I hope it goes well man,
I hope everything works.
I'm
not bored.
I like talking about that's fun. Yeah.
Mhm. All right let me let me look down the list really quick. Do you floss regularly? You know?
You
do
I
love those. Yeah
it's good out of it.
that's good. Just checking you know just gotta make sure that stuff all that habit stuff is tough to get started on. But mm
yeah mito I had a few myself. It's tough. It's tough to just do it every single day. No days off ever.
I hate
that stuff. I want to see results like now, you know, I want to do something and get immediate results, but that's not the way it works.
Have it around everywhere. You know, every room in the house, it's just floss everywhere, but
still not enough. That was a bore. Anyone. Let me let me pick a better
one.
Yeah. Um, are you scared of anything? Do you have like a fear of something?
Well
this is good. It's good that you're doing this right? This kind of counts. You know what? Yeah.
Big animals like horses, bears. I don't like them. They're too big. They could hurt me like to easily. Just as an accident.
That's what I was thinking about when I wrote it. I guess that a fear is that just common sense? You know, you don't get too close to him.
Yeah, you don't have a fear of guns, you're just frightened.
elevators are scary too. They could fall, you can perish, it should fall.
thank you, thank you. You've got in mind
I
guess maybe maybe for a real fear it would be like crazy people, you know, always keep the blinds tight, I always kind of don't go outside late at night because I don't know, people are kind of weird, you know, I don't know if I want to be interacting with with them.
I'm perfect then I have no fear. Some fearless mhm
that's
true,
Yeah, it took me a long time to kind of figure out that like if you psych yourself up for something, you'll do better at it and if you're like worried about it you'll do worse. I didn't know that for like 14 years. Yeah but
it accident so. Okay
preparation is a huge difference to, that's good, I'm glad you're getting better with that.
it's
an ongoing
battle you know? Yeah.
Oh I've got I've got Like 10 more um
do you like any celebrities?
I
would sort of agree. But what about people like the amazon guy, Jeff Bezos? He's got a lot of money but he also like builds corporations that employ lots of people with that.
Absolutely.
that's
true
I think that's what one of them do. It is to get that kind of social points for it do.
they
could be doing it just because they can and they felt like it too but they could do more. Absolutely could do a lot more.
I don't know, that's that's
how life is. Maybe
I'll re fries. Are there any celebrities that like entertain you? You find
entertaining?
that's good. That's fine.
great yeah.
Well
great degree. Yeah. Okay.
I kind of like Arnold Schwarzenegger, he's really
like ripped, you know he's cut. I like that. I think that's cool.
I've watched Rocky I guess what's he in that? I don't know,
Sylvester
filling hopes.
I don't know, I don't really watch much movies, I just kind of like his muscles not in a weird way, you know, I just think that's cool to be cut, you know
they help.
I've never even heard of it, wow,
I'll check it out. I love saw fi movies.
No, no sir,
I love that you can be there. Yeah.
no.
Yeah that sounds good. We love Danny, I hear about all these like statues that they want torn down and I'm thinking just replace it with the statue of Danny devito, you know
nobody hates him just pretending to read out there, work out well. Yeah.
accepted
close. No I don't think I've ever heard of it
no. Yeah.
Yeah.
Have you heard of it's always Sunny in philadelphia.
That's pretty good. Danny is great and we live, Danny is great, That's all I really know him from, is that one which is like where he's just like a very stupid drunk old man so it might be interesting to see him in like different different sorts of characters.
That's pretty
good.
I do that too. I was just watching house while I was setting this up.
I'm
glad
you're better. Will you
see
him better? Yeah. No.
That's
good.
That's great to hear
different.
You want to talk about it. You want to tell me what it's like.
No.
Okay. I can I can imagine what it would be. I guess it's
like when your muscle kind of spasms. Right? Yeah.
That sounds horrible. Yeah.
Maybe
you're healthier than you thought. You know, maybe you're in better shape
ripple effect on
yeah. Yeah. Not good not good. This thing needs to go away and get back to life.
They say they have a vaccine for it now, right?
Probably hard to get into. Right.
Maybe that was like a you know, save you from that one. So you can help people in other ways, type of thing.
No, no, now,
no, I thought about it once while I was in high school when I was kind of deciding what I wanted to major. I took a few classes like all nine ones, but I think I decided on biology. Yeah,
I
like
I try my best. I used to be kind of a bummer, you know, but it's better to have a positive outlook. Be happy, you know? Stay good. Thank
you. I appreciate that.
I don't know how I'm gonna handle that one. Oh,
So much
bigger than I thought.
absolutely.
I'll do my
best ready
for
another.
Ready for another talking point. All
All
No problem. We can cut it off here.
Let's do a short one. You don't have to answer if it's weird, but what are you going to spend the prolific money on from this this thing? Yeah.
Thank you.
That's a good
Well, as long as it still works, right? Cars are a huge scam, Right? It's like so much money for a new one.
Some
It's great. It's the way to go. It's like
15,
a month and payments and stuff. It's crazy.
Naki. Mhm.
What's after Masters degree?
That's
like the last one, right? Doctor and it's like the big one. It's
good then
I'm
going to cry.
you should, you should maybe get online for that kind of stuff. You know, if you have a psychology question, just type it in google and then let other
people kind of give you their takes. You can. Mhm.
It's crazy.
Maybe it's definitely changed things but might
be might be for for the better who knows?
Yeah it was nice talking to you man.
This
is my first time. Yeah I was a little nervous but everything went well.
No.
Oops. Yeah.
Yeah they got 150 anyway it's fine.
What?
That's good.
I hope you have a productive day. May be a good nap.
what's your name? Sorry?
I don't remember mike
Close.
Very
Maybe
if the stars align.
Down
here.
Stay safe.