Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Uh huh. It's not Yeah. For now. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. So Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. What? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. I love you. Okay. This is something so Okay. Mhm. Oh, that sounds fucking Yeah. Mhm. Mhm fixed. Yeah. Mhm. And that's probably what happened. Mhm. Oh my God. This is not you getting this treatment do you want? We'll start with this.
Can can you hear me?
I'm cool. Hi.
Pretty good. Pretty good. It's funny which makes me happy. I feel like sometimes I'm a literal plant and like I gain energy from the sun.
I
get that too.
It
weird
and be bringing Yeah, I love rain, but only when I'm inside and like you get those cosy vibes you got your t
like
no,
you
have to like force your body out of bed like, please. No. Yeah, I'm working from home right now so I literally don't have to leave the house ever,
so I can't wait for any season
now. But
um basically I'm a design strategist, which means nothing to be involved, but that's like what I call my role. Um but I work for a healthcare company and I just, basically what I do is I go out in research, future generation trends, preferences needs. Um
and then I go back to my team and I'm like, here's what we gotta do, and then we brainstorm solutions based on what we hear in the research. So we try to be better than most healthcare companies in America, but work in progress.
The
worst
imagine
you're
getting
a surgery or something and you're just like,
uh that looks
no
baby good guy. But I definitely work like the project I'm working on right now is around um basically being better around mental health and creating better mental health services and you cannot believe this shit. I've heard about mental
health services for my company. I'm like, I agree. I also hang our mental health services.
uh So I was talking to someone who basically outlined how going through our system made their mental health so bad that they had to go to therapy about their experience, trying to get therapy with us. And I was like, great,
That's awesome. No. Um but
yeah, it's
fun. Work. So you go to school.
Okay, your ass.
Yeah. It's not like it being intentional like travel or something.
What?
No,
like
art,
place.
My options are limited. Yeah. I am right before the pandemic started, I had gone to New Zealand for a month and so I came back when um, so I live in the bay Area basically when my city was locking down. Um I came back right after lockdown and now I just like taste the freedom of like the travels I did before, like just like keep me through this year because I'm like, this is a shittier.
So
and
okay. You're like, oh, no
contract.
Why?
I heard about
that.
And
well
you
voted
Caroline.
I
need you. It makes
us
like
super
tourists
I
got
him.
No, I
wouldn't do that.
I haven't. But I actually, it's sad I was gonna go in november for my friend's birthday and we were like keeping a pulse on it at the beginning of the, obviously the start of quarantine and stuff because we were like, maybe by then don't be okay. Um and we just made the choice like, no, we're not gonna fuck up hawaii's like climate just to have a shitty vacation because you can't go anywhere anyway. But
I really
want
to go.
We
had
which is like also in the same amount of money. Like why? Yeah. So which island are you from?
At what?
I
wouldn't
they?
Why not?
No.
So
kind of not really full murder. But
that's one.
I am. I grew up, I grew up here, I went to school here, I went to Berkeley and um yeah I just ended up staying here. I actually was going to move up to Portland uh
what's it like a couple months ago I was considering it but then trying to move out of state during a pandemic sounded very shitty. So I actually found a new place, this is a new place um here that I really like because the rent prices dropped enough for me to be able to survive here because the reason I was looking at Portland was I was like I cannot afford Oakland prices anymore man! Entre fires got it. Uh Yeah I was constantly important because I've been up there before and I liked it well enough and I have some friends there
my where I was looking at apartments and I was like you've got to be shitting me like what
it
works.
No,
I
am
so
glad I'm paying. I actually pay on the cheaper end. So I actually I kind of went on the more expensive side because I wanted a backyard especially right now like you need outdoor space you need to be able to access. And before this I was living next to a really shitty freeway with very bad insulation and I was like not again,
I want to think that I want some quiet and then I want to be access, be able to access things with my friends. No, so I got this like in law unit in like a more suburban ish, it's like this weird suburban but like also city area in Oakland Um and it literally costs 1900 a month like
and that's cheap for here,
it's a one bedroom, it's actually I'm paying for Obama sells um but it
be rough out
here, it's
only
of course.
No
I do not recommend. Do not recommend.
definitely.
now
that you know it was the expensive part like I swear Oakland is more expensive than sf now I swear and I'm like
hello?
Oh yeah I'm familiar,
it's boujee area now. Yeah. Loki
I
know. Every time I go like South fame I'm just like oh this is Tesla Tao,
I know it's ridiculous. But yeah when I was going to Berkeley, I was living in san Leandro. I don't know if you're familiar, it's like pretty, just like Central East Bay. I'm gonna like kind of grew up in that area. But yeah, I work in Oakland, obviously, I'm not going into the office right now, but I think maybe we'll go back eventually. Um but it's a good like in between spot and I got a month to month lease because it was like just in case shit goes south, I have it out. But
yeah, my mom actually wanted me to because I'm working fully remote right now. She wanted me to go to like another country, but I was like, I don't know if I'd ever be able to get back in. Maybe this is a great choice.
Bye.
It's like moving there, you know, it's like your life there and like
paperwork,
what's
there?
What's about it?
especially
because Mexico has like political instability even better. Right. Like something that happens outside of Covid and you don't know the political standing of the area you're in or anything, You're just like, fuck.
no.
Who?
You know?
Two?
currently
Yeah, you are such doors drives,
you know?
no.
No
good
morning
They were just
like
this
human
trafficking.
but
I'm worried
She
all
Get out. That
is so awful. But I'm so sorry.
Also
funny
like dad, come on bro, here in Hawaii like you're going to just drive off a cliff into the ocean. Like there's no other country that you're driving, you know?
Right. I thought
about
this before. Yeah, I thought about this before. Like especially when I was in europe, like if you just drive far enough you're just gonna hit another country like eventually and you don't even know when that happens like you're just like oh shit I'm in France now. Like what?
there's the word uncle who's like just in case.
and
I'm just
now.
No.
What
do you ever think about? Like the things that you've done that have been accidentally illegal and you don't even know about but you're just
like so ignorant that you just somehow did something illegal.
I think about this often. I'm like is this legal if I'm ignorant, do I like get away with it
literally nothing. I'll just be like is it right to like do a future here? Everything? No, I'm not like a criminal.
Hello?
Hey Roy.
no.
you do.
You're
You're just like going for it. You thought it went through it?
Like I was putting a
fiction
otherwise you get too nervous and like, like exposing, I'll be like I was shoplifter.
You just by your face. You know, I feel like I've probably done something like this or like whenever you walk into a store and it starts beeping and you like don't know why it's like your keys or something, but you still feel like a criminal and you're just like, like I think that would get real criminal.
You know like taking in for it. Yeah, I hear that like my luggage that someone snuck something into my luggage and when it's going through like the checkout thinking they're gonna think I'm like a terrorist and I'm never listening to me because they're police system is complete trash that into a hole in the ground. Flame, casual anxiety things.
I
know
even
that.
literally
I'm
kind
of
impressed.
this, this is it? This flu is a weapon. And he's
been a hatchery.
You're
I don't remember where it was, but I think they owe, it was at a ballpark. They made me open like my backpack and then they just started rifling through it and I was just like, they don't touch my stuff
clinging.
Yeah. Like what if I have a tampon in there and you're just like touching it? I'm like, no.
and they're not gonna, Yeah,
I don't know what the market assumptions. It's just like easy to make sense. Like
this is just being arrested and thrown in a hole for nothing. We're being diabetic love,
love.
for Jonas, you're under arrest. No, nick Jonas, sorry, I've greeted within what, you know, traveling comes with its uh its stressors. Oh there's a fun time actually this so I did a lot of travel last year before. You know life went to shit and there's no meaning in life anymore, you know casual things. Oh my friend and I so I was traveling with her for 34 weeks in europe and so is her study abroad had finished there in the Netherlands and we decided to split up for one day so she could meet a boy which already tells me how shitty this is
gonna go both
of
us.
He had met him before but it still ended up being
and
utter
time drag. Yeah and I was trapped in an italian train station in the middle of the night with no way to get to the airport to catch my flight. She experienced an italian train basically being like evacuated but she couldn't understand anything that was going on and then she goes to meet this guy and he like kicks her out of his house, like she was going to spend the night there and then meet me in the Netherlands and he kicks her out early and it's just like super weird and I was like crying an airport from Rama because I thought I'm gonna die in an italian train station
and from that woman
are literally and then from that moment on we were like never again are we splitting up because we are idiots,
literal idiots. Yeah.
zero
brain cells. zero. Yeah. There were many a breakdown
you
things
so so yeah.
No.
Yeah and you're just disgusting
and
then
we're
not
and your
point
Not
that one guy
What?
I can
like
feel it. I expected the feel of empathy
feel it for you
right now because I've
been
like 30 hours. But I once had a time when I was 13 flying by myself um where I got trapped in Germany because there was like a storm and flight wasn't able to land. So instead of landing in paris and went to Germany And I was like stuck there for like 30 hours in this airport by myself.
Yes. And I was just like sleeping the whole time, just like the whole time. But when I got home, you know when you just get that, like, that's not like the epitome of that feeling.
So I had flown to Ukraine to visit my family by myself and then I was just flying back and I had a layover in paris, but then just turned in. My mom was so freaked out. I think ever since that moment she like worries about me. She's like, you're accident prone since like a young age,
everything
goes wrong.
Right. Yeah. And like Italy did not help her feel better about me as an adult now. It's just a big bang.
To eat,
Been paying.
And
no,
there
are, you know.
It's,
it
always
happens that way. He doesn't, it's always when you're alone
and
you're
just
like,
well,
I think this is normal. Yeah. I feel like My best friend is also somewhat travel accident prone, but every single bus train and flight, took, which was like a good 30 Something went wrong. Like we were on the bus ride from hell from Switzerland to Slovenia. When I tell you this bus ride was supposed to be seven hours and it took 14 and no air conditioning, no bathroom, no internet, no plugs, nothing. When you arrived in Sylvania literally like Corolla rhubarb.
you know there was just like a bus two mystery land and it like you kept stopping which is why it took so long like rent obsolete couldn't understand what was happening and it was actually like really late coming to pick us up at the pickup was in like this abandoned parking lot. Some crazy guys in the corner were like right,
I know like why. And then the quickie guys like walked fastest and said something in french and were just like,
I don't know what
it was but it was sanctioned. I know it was.
Yeah, I was like saying well in that moment but we were just like what the fuck are we gonna do if this bus doesn't come? We have no accommodation. It is getting dark like I was just grateful that it came. But I was like and my grandpa
accepted death in that parking lot. Like
it's slightly. Yeah.
No
no like in travel but I love in it.
You know. I know I just like I was thinking about like the conversation I was like they're just gonna really have are listening to how we are like utter train wrecks.
No,
no.
And it was like bad. Mm.
I know but
it was great to meet you at
the
back
of Bari.
Yeah. What's your name
morally? That's
a beautiful name. Beautiful name
curl.
It's like every Portland. If you're ever in the bay maybe we'll see each
other. What?