can you hear me okay?
Good,
how's it going?
no 100%. I'm up in Portland in Oregon and it's like, it was very nice. My thing is actually really like it when it's like raining in your inside. I think it's
super peaceful,
but I hate it when it's gloomy and you're inside, like I wanted to either be sunny and pleasant or like actually raining and
right now it's just this gross
gray color.
No
100% last year I am, I gave tours for my school and it was just the worst feeling ever, was waking up at like 8:00 AM and it's like 30° and raining, it was just like, I
don't want to do
this.
No. Sam
What
do you, what do you do for work?
Mhm.
no that's super cool actually, that's like a combination. My um my boyfriend is a product designer so he like does the design set of things, but my um one of my good friends, he works on the manufacturing side of medical equipment and everything they create is just like The ugliest thing you've ever
seen, like
two. No, and like to the literal extent that some surgeons, because it's like a clipping, it's a thing to like um it's like single use scissors that they use in surgeries and it looks so cheap that surgeons have complained that people say it looks like a water gun and like don't want to me, it's like this gross
translation Chandler,
the
blue color,
it's
so ugly. So I
definitely, we need more people like you.
Great.
Like what some of the would give me an example.
that's cool,
that's
so bad.
No, I just actually just graduated, I
went to University of Oregon, but I'm done now. Um so I'm basically just a college counselor for a year for AmeriCorps and then I'm going to law school next year, so I'm kind of like the limbo of gap year.
Exactly, well I was thinking like, you know, before everything
happened
right, I was like, I would be cool to like try
to work
part time and like travel some and get that experience
and I'm like, I'm gonna earn $8 an hour and do AmeriCorps. Yeah.
Oh yeah, no, we um when everything happened I was actually, I was supposed to be going to a human rights conference three days um after our school just like kicked everyone off campus, so I'm originally from Hawaii and I was like, okay, this is like this is a better alternative, right? Because I thought it was gonna be your term. So
my boyfriend and I like packed it up and went and just like lived with my parents and it
turned into like a six month like oh I'm just here now.
Which
is like I think if it had been normal times it would have been fantastic because it's like hawaii. But hawaii, I don't know if you know anything about like what's going on over there, but we have like
the most intense like two week quarantine when you show up like all tourism.
It's
super intense. And so
um my boyfriend actually in the bay area too but he looks he's
happy and so he looks like he can you know if he doesn't
show
his I. D. He would fit in. But there were a couple of times when we were like buying beer or something and he had to show his I. D. And immediately the cashiers were just like oh okay like you're not from here and the
attitude
just like shift.
we
ended
up with me
whenever
we go. Yeah exactly. So whenever we like get anything that you need to get ideas for it would just be like I'll
buy
this
time. But
we're
mm have you ever been to Hawaii?
pay
like an
insane
amount of money, paying
insane
amount of money literally just to like live in a hotel room.
I'm from Maui. Um
yeah which is, it's definitely like would 100% recommend visiting when
everything
is clear
up because
it's normally a great place to visit. You might get murdered right now,
it's normally it's
great.
yeah. Yeah so I grew up there and then moved out to Oregon for college. Um
I've just been like hanging out here since are you originally from? Various?
really?
and the cost of living is so much lower here than the bay Area.
We chose yeah like we're I'm living here with three and three other people and
we have
like a nice, it's like a duplex but it's basically the size of the full house and
it's like this was a nicer option, we could we could have gotten for a lot cheaper, it was like 7 50 a month for like a really nice area, like you know tons of space we have like like we have three different rooms that you can work in and plus a kid it's amazing compared
to
when
I was looking
No
Yeah. Oh my God
do you have you have roommates? Wait is it a one bedroom?
that's
because
one
of the I'm looking at Berkeley and stanford for law school and that's definitely
been like well and it's like I know there's such great schools and I love the area but also like I'm gonna be in law school and be earning no money
like I
I didn't like I think this is my boyfriend in the bay area from the East Bay and when his family moved out there like 30 years ago or something it was
like the chief heart. Yeah
they got
No it's ridiculous
his um the neighborhood that he lives in. Um Lafayette. Uh
yeah and when he when they moved in there it was just like a normal neighborhood and now evidently it's where all the people who work for Tesla live.
The last thing when I went I went down for thanksgiving and it was like, oh, everyone
here owns a test club.
this is where we are now.
No 100%.
And it
feels like such a bigger commitment cause one of my, my friends was supposed to be doing a Fulbright teaching thing in Mexico and then that got canceled. So he was like, I'm just going to go live there because I couldn't have a better job. He's going to go live there and try to work there. And I feel like in that situation it makes sense. But for me, because he was like, oh, you should come down because I lived there for like just like, you know, two months or something. So I had like little bit of a connection, but I was like, that's so much bigger of
Even
if it's the same time right? Like if you can still do the work and like what if they just close the borders, you know and you're just like in Mexico
or like
if you're wrong, you know? And like I'm not fluid so people are like you need to get inside, I'll have like I get it but like
I don't like stuck negotiating my life like freedom with border control, you
know?
Yeah exactly. We my like it was like a very funny but also like horrifying memory from when I was like five or six. My dad had a conference in SAn Diego and he was like oh which I'll go because none of my mom and I had never been. So we like pack it up and head out there and one night we all go to dinner at this like near the border like restaurant and we're driving home and he's driving one of his colleagues with him, so she's sitting in the front seat and somehow because none of us are local to the area somehow he takes like an incredibly wrong turn and we got on a freeway and by the time we realize what's happening, it's like when we see a sign that's like no firearms permitted in Mexico and we like can't turn around
because we just like green since the Tijuana. And it was so because you have to imagine like we're like from Hawaii
so there's no knowledge
of the area and so we like get out in retrospect, I don't know what my dad is and he's like, oh we're lost, we better stop at this drug store and just like park the car and it's like the scariest place I've ever been. It's like all of these very
clearly like medicines that are being stocked there is that people from America where it's illegal can go and buy them for cheap across the border. I
like very white ignorant dad. It's just like, oh, can you tell us how to get back to America?
No,
exactly. But then the worst part is we get back, we find that we can figure out where we're going and none of us have our passports, right? Because we're like,
because we weren't leaving the US, so we didn't even bring them. I think I get to the border patrol and it's my dad and his white coworker in the front seat because she was the guest. I mean it was me, my mom who's like full japanese and me this like little mixed race kid in the back and it just looks so suspicious because it's like, oh we none of us have I Ds and she's
like five and doesn't look related to us. And I'm sure like flag so many like caution
things,
right? Because like, like
are
these
people getting
traffic
like the worst, like the worst time ever? And it
took, it
took us, we know? And it was, I think it helped that I was just like, I was like come from the zoo and was like have like a stuffed animal or something with me that looked like very clear like, okay,
she's
happy here.
But just
One of my
friend
at the time, at the time, I didn't realize that I'm looking back. I'm like, how do you drive so badly? You end up?
No,
we
promise.
No. And it's it's um like if you don't have border control or anything, right? It's like, oh, that's I felt last weekend we went because I've never been shooting before. And my my like friends, weird uncle was like, we got to show you how to shoot.
Exactly. So we get, we follow him. Like we go out into like the boonies and then he's like, okay, just follow my car and we go up into Washington into this like strange walk, rock quarry to shoot. And I'm just like, this is like one of the sketchiest things I've ever done done. Just because it was like, okay, we're like in
another
state,
I don't have a gun license. Like I'm in this quarry. I don't think he was just halfway through. We hear like gravel from another car coming up and he just starts covering up. The guns were like, wait, is this like not,
I thought this was like the place he does not strictly legal and he's like
I don't love that.
no,
No.
What have you, what have you doing? What have you been up to?
we I we we don't have self checkout on Maui and I had
no idea. I am not a thief intentionally, but
but like I genuinely didn't know how soft check out worked. And I was at Safeway. This was not far in the past. This was last week. I
thought I had scanned everything because I was like oh I scanned it and then it's like oh put the item down right? So I'm like trying to scan stuff and put it down. And my friend my friend, I thought he was just like talking about nonsense and he was like I am like oh there's we love I love committing theft or something like that. And I was I was just zoning him out right? And afterwards
we check out he leaves the door is like how much money did you save? Like what? I just hadn't stand like two items because I tried and it didn't register and I was just like confident
enough with
no. Exactly. So I think maybe maybe this is the start of a kleptomania.
100%
the worst shoplifter ever. She can only do it when she doesn't think she is.
It's me. I'm the guilty one.
Yeah. That's every time I get on a plane going to from summer, I'm a Type one diabetic. So I have like stuff on me like a C. D. N. A. And I know that's what it is, right? Like it's going to set off the stuff, but each time I'm like maybe this time someone planted a bomb on me.
Let the paranoia takeover. I
had,
yeah, I had this horrifying um This is when I was in Mexico leaving. Um
I've
been doing a study abroad there and I play the flute. So I had my flute with me and this is like the most expensive thing I own. You know like this, she's like my baby and
the mexican. Um uh T. S. A guy he like pulls it out and just starts like grabbing parts to look because I googled it afterwards and the reason was a few years ago someone managed to smuggle like a two ft long knife through an airport in a flute. Like he, it was like a knife that could come apart and put it in the body of the flute.
And he
only got
caught
like. Yeah. And so this guy was just like grabbing them and like staring like checking out every part. And I was just like, this is this is how I die. Like.
Ever.
He's either going to a restaurant for my flu or drop my flute and either way
I will die. There's no coming back.
Please. Even
if you don't have anything, right? It's just like, I don't want you in that.
Yeah. Mm. My earliest I used to be so paranoid because when I before I got like a insulin pump, I had, I used like the syringes to give myself insulin. But those are literally what people used to shoot up heroin, like the exact same syringe. And I know like reasonably like, no one would think I'm a heroin addict cause I was like 16 and in high school,
But I just had this paranoia whenever I'd like go through somewhere where they check the bags even though I kept it like in a medical thing, I was like, maybe they'll just take me away forever.
this is how I go.
then
worst crime. Uh huh
We
had, she
had,
she met him, Had she met him before?
No, still bad.
But
like
it sounds
like a nightmare
if
we don't have each other, we're just both not, I'm not gonna make
it.
I was um when, so after I was in Mexico, I
had, I went to study abroad, I went from Mexico to Singapore
and it was super cool. However, the flight, there was literally one of the worst things that's ever, nothing even went that wrong. It was just what I didn't realize was like, Okay, the cheapest flight was like 700 bucks, right? Which was like, Okay, considering how far it is like fair
But for it to be 700 bucks, it was a 52 hour journey and it was had four legs with like insane layovers between each one
and I've never done anything like that before. So I was like, you know, maybe this will be okay. Mhm. Do you ever, you know, have you ever had like a really long plane ride where you just feel kind of icky afterwards?
It was like that times a billion. And I was just every single time we land, I would be like, okay, it's almost done.
It was
just
never
almost done. And by the time I got there it was it was midnight and I like never been to the country before.
And
I had had to get like a special exception to check into their dorms late. And the guy who I got like a taxi and he like didn't speak english even though I was like, oh everyone speaks english in Singapore is the official
language.
No, not that guy. And so I'm just like desperately trying to communicate where we're going and eventually we just fall into this like awful silence and I just like stink and have all of my stuff with me. And it's
like one of the just grossest experiences looking back like literally over two days in airplanes like
I
didn't
what
go
like
layer
at like 13.
Wait, why were you, why were you flying back alone that far?
I
feel like
I'll give her some credit on that one though. I feel like that's a fair reason to be like paranoid.
I had, I've definitely um I think the only like actually sketchy, not like okay, there have been multiple sketchy things, but like the only time I've been like scared in an airplane was I was flying on that same, I was in Singapore and I was going to Borneo and there's this like Airasia
is the super budget airline where I got the round trip tickets for like 60 bucks, right? So it was ridiculously cheap
and I get on the airplane and something goes wrong with the coolant in there, like the air conditioner, something and it just fills up the entire cabin with like white. Um I think it was just like the air conditioning, like whatever it was but the entire kind of like you couldn't see 10 ft in front of you and
I was like oh so we're going to take longer to take off,
right, like they're gonna fix this,
no
one says a thing and we just take off and I'm like oh I'm gonna die here
and this like scary budget airline and I was flying alone to meet up with some people there but
I like hadn't
pulled
and no one else there, like no one was american or like everyone, I think everyone was local that
I could
see.
So
I was like maybe
this is just what happens.
that's wait, that's so much worse than like an area because at least here in an air like an airport or something, you have like stuff to do and like bathroom.
I hate that.
please
don't
You just know it was not, it was a good thing you couldn't understand.
And
Like 1/2 step up from death
curricula
Alice.
I hope, I hope the researchers have a good, so I'm listening to this. Uh huh.
Yeah, neither. Neither of us is doing well.
It's
fine.
my God. Okay.
It's been good.
what
was
your name? Sorry?
Salary.
Beautiful laura lee.
Thank
you.
There we go already.
there
we go. Okay. I have a good rest of your day.