SPEAKER_L: so Uh huh, Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, mhm, mhm, mhm. Yeah, yeah, mm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm, mhm Okay. Uh huh, mm. Yeah. Right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, wow. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: they are going, you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I can hear you can hear me
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, I can hear you now. My name is kevin,
SPEAKER_L: then. Nice to meet you,
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you too. And where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from massachusetts, so I'm up north.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, cool, cool. I live in Atlanta and it's funny because I've actually I've actually been some massachusetts before I worked
SPEAKER_L: heart,
SPEAKER_R: that or I was in uh I forgot the specific area, it was like where Tufts University is because yeah, I was working um as a resident assistant for the summer at Tufts and that was last summer and so I got to explore a little bit of like the boston itself and then like neighborhoods around it. It was pretty cool. It was my first time ever in massachusetts. But yeah, I mean other than that, like the only other experience I've had up north is like in the new york slash New Jersey area. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You get around traveling a lot?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I do. Um so with new york and New Jersey, I did like when I was in university I did like a small program up there, just
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: a certificate program too, I don't know strengthen my resume and then um but then I was trying to move to new york actually this year I moved there in january because I was securing work and then you know Covid hit and everything like came to a standstill so I ended up coming back to stay with my family fit and yeah
SPEAKER_L: sounds
SPEAKER_R: I mean I've
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: been,
SPEAKER_L: more in your life.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I mean that's pretty much a millennial life at this point but out of it. But I mean other than that I have traveled quite a bit of country as well. Um so like I studied abroad in China like Shanghai back in 2015 and um I also lived in Taiwan from 2017 to 2018. And uh during
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that time I got to travel all around Asia. So I went to Japan, I went to Korea, Singapore, Malaysia. Hong kong like all these different places.
SPEAKER_L: rep
SPEAKER_R: And when I also traveled through europe like I uh so I flew to Germany and I was in Germany for a little bit and then I stayed in evidence for the book of my time. And then I went to paris for like a small day trip before I come back to the U. S.
SPEAKER_L: man, that's impressive, that's that's really cool. Um the, I've only been to Japan, I was an english teacher out there for a few years. Um but I, I didn't get to go all over the place like you did, that's that's really cool um that you were able to do basically a track of almost all continents I guess you missed in the southern hemisphere.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I was my family's like Nigerian and I was born in Nigeria. So like I've visited back so I got africa at least but I need to get Australia and I need to get a south America I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, once Covid done right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah once Covid is done. Yeah I mean I actually did have plans like when I get employment and work for a bit I was hoping to do like a trip to south America. Um I mean I can still do that, it's just now, I gotta wait for you know all this stuff to clear out, so it will be done, but that's what, go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: what was that?
SPEAKER_R: Oh um I was gonna say it's pretty cool that you taught english because I actually taught english when I was in Taiwan as well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well I noticed that there's uh it's the um world's economy language I guess is the way to put it and so there's a lot of people that want to learn it and the program that I went with gave a pretty little rate for teaching english um and so it was, it was pretty good deal for a lot of people, so um I understood there's uh I've met quite a few people that have done the teaching english,
SPEAKER_R: Don't
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: worry. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's, it was still a lot of fun though, uh met a lot of cool people, um did a lot of cool things while I was there. Um so I, I enjoyed it. Um but I get a lot of laughs to people because I went in the opposite direction for school and everything. Um I talk english and then I go to school for um physics during my undergraduate and then now in my graduate degree I'm doing a computational science is what they call it. So people, when I tell you I was an english teacher there, like you flip flopped, so
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah no I mean it's funny, I had a friend who did something similar when I was in Taiwan like he um so he was an english teacher in his undergrad, he studied uh some sort of something in biology, I don't know the specifics but uh now he's doing his graduate degree and it's something more advanced biology subject. Uh so I'm kind of I'm interested to see if he gets the same sort of thing but like with him um So he's been going back and forth between Taiwan now because he has like a girlfriend who lives there now so he let go and visit her family and stuff like that. Um And I mean I think he's doing like a dual program between some school here in the U. S. And then a school in Taiwan as well. Um Just because like
SPEAKER_L: did you put your language?
SPEAKER_R: yeah he picked up the language I would say pretty well, he came when he went to Taiwan, he didn't know any chinese at all. Um But he knows enough to speak with her family now. So I think that's pretty good like people do
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: like people do say like dating a local is like what helps you really learn the language so.
SPEAKER_L: It's true. I remember going to Japan um and I was mostly hanging out with americans for like the first eight months and I'm like, man, I still can't speak japanese, I think
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: someone told me you just got to live with a native and that's how you get to do it. And um it was around maybe the ninth month when I finally said, yeah, I'll go get my own apartment, start living uh in the native kind of a sphere. That's when I could finally go out and finally ordered Mcdonald's by myself. And so that's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: when I considered myself um uh able to speak decent japanese.
SPEAKER_R: that's so awesome. Yeah like because like for me I didn't necessarily have that experience just because uh so Taiwan like this big chinese and uh I took chinese as a language and undergrad. Um like it wasn't my major, my major was economics, but I took it as a language from when like my freshman year, all the way through my senior year, so even so well when I studied abroad, there's a difference between when you learn it in a textbook and when you actually go talk with people and I experienced that because sometimes people, like I was from a textbook and people just look at me like I'm weird, so that's what I learned. Um When I was in Taiwan I felt like I was already at a pretty comfortable level for like getting around just because like I already was able to speak like um chinese that was at a basic enough level where I can like order stuff and do other stuff. But I have been thinking like, I mean just because of like the covid economy, how crazy things are. Like I've been uh what I do is I applied to five jobs a day but then I also I am working on applications for different sort of fellowships and teaching programs. Um So I'm thinking about going back to Taiwan, I'm working on the Fulbright application for that and it's funny because the application is actually due tomorrow, so I've been like frantically like doing
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: everything for it, like the rest of the stuff I have for it today. But then I'm also looking at the jet program as well like in Japan and
SPEAKER_L: She's at
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: home
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: and I did, Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: a good one yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: yes.
SPEAKER_L: it's a very good program. Um they offer renewal's, I had a friend that did it for like 4.5 years or something like that. I only did a two year renewal, but they're super nice, they're super friendly. Um and they get you around the place. Um I was in uh Naegleria and Kanazawa. Um so basically the pacific ocean side and then the uh sea of japan side. So um
SPEAKER_R: Check
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: help you get around and have a little bit of fun on this. Um So I highly recommend that if you're looking at doing that.
SPEAKER_R: That's so awesome. Yeah, no, I'm 100% on board for like applying for it like granted, like I said um right now I'm trying to search for work in like what I want to do here in the States, but like I'm applying for both of these is like a backup just in case I don't um find some of that because you know the economy is kind of rough right now. Um So
SPEAKER_L: True,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but I mean I'm at the same time, it's like I'm pretty excited like if I end up getting these opportunities, like I would love to go and do that. Because I remember um I mean when I was in Taiwan of course I had like a great time and like my quality of life and everything was great over there. Um And I also remember traveling like when I went to Tokyo, I remember I was so shocked, like it was so awesome. Like I remember I went to um what was the name of that place? There was like this
SPEAKER_L: you do,
SPEAKER_R: it was like this fast food place where you can go punch in your order and it'll give you like it'll send it to like the chef and like it gives you a ticket and you send it to the chef. And
SPEAKER_L: I know what you're talking about,
SPEAKER_R: yeah I forgot the name of the place but I remember I had this um curry rice and I remember I had like also over rice and I was just like oh my god this stuff is so good. Like I didn't even know about it before and then like I told my family about it but my family has never been anywhere like Asia at all. Like and so like they can't really comprehend what I'm even saying and it's is it?
SPEAKER_L: I see, that's uh one of my favorites um did you ever get a chance to go to uh Coco's curry um
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. I think I might have actually. Yeah, like
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty sure
SPEAKER_L: we were describing, it sounded
SPEAKER_R: Do what?
SPEAKER_L: like it might have been. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm pretty sure that was that because I remember I was like I went to I think Coco's curry for sure. Yeah, it was Cocos. Yeah. Like C. O. C. O.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was Cocos. Yeah, I love that place. It was so good. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: but that was one of my favorites. Um I love going to that place.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They used to have because I remember I looked them up after I came to the States and they used to have like chains uh in the States and I think they still do on the west Coast, but they got rid of the new york one like 10 years ago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't been to new york, I've heard that they have a lot of uh common japanese food chains in new york, but I haven't had the chance to get over there and uh see it out for myself, so
SPEAKER_R: Dude you post pandemic because like um new york like it just has an amazing combination of just food and different stuff from all over the world. Like I remember when I first went there, I purely went there just for career stuff just because like I was like okay my like I need it for what the work I want to do, but then I was blown away, like completely blown away like and then like um I mean when I was trying to move there again, like the beginning of this year, like I was like, oh my God, I'm about to get this and then like covid hit, which sucks. But I mean, I think post pandemic, I'm still going to try to go for it. Um I mean I'll see what happens because things will just keep changing. But yeah, I'll still try to go for it and try to live that type of life again because new york has some really nice stuff, like really, really
SPEAKER_L: wish you luck. Um you're kind of persuading me to look into that myself, I'm just about to finish my Master's degree um in May not may, what am I thinking? It's uh january. Um
SPEAKER_R: mhm
SPEAKER_L: and so I need to start thinking about jobs and stuff, but Covid on my mind, I have, I've been focusing on school and not worrying about the job market as much. Um But you're getting me excited, I'm like maybe I should go to new york, maybe I should look into that, so you're inspiring me with your stories.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Dude, definitely check it out. Like, I'm glad to hear like I'm inspiring you with that. Like, I mean because I don't know, just being out of school, like for some people it can be kind of scary uh like for me I like love it so much because you can design your life with the way you want to, like I mean and sometimes it's pretty difficult but like once you get to that point, I think it's like something that's really amazing and I mean that's something that I've been trying to work towards this whole time that I've been back to the U. S. So when I was in Taiwan I was able to build kind of like the framework for stuff that I want to do. Like for example, I'm a Powerlifter and I mean granted haven't been going to the gym because of COVID, but like I still work out at home but 2020 was supposed to be like my debut for competing competitively. and like I looked into all the rules and stuff I was ready to register, you know, But then like the virus hit and a lot of competition is kind of stopped for now. And even though some are reopening, I'm still, I'm not gonna try this here just because I want to see what happens with the virus. But I mean, even what's happening, I think next year, like, hopefully like when the virus cases all go down and what we have a much better handle on this, I'm definitely still going to try to go for it just because like, I've had my mind set to it for so long in addition to also like doing work that I mean, allows me to live the life I want and then give me like, uh to me is valuable, like being able to do that. And then, I mean, of course doing stuff like traveling, like travelling is amazing, getting to meet people from all over the world, doing so many awesome stuff like yeah, doing stuff like that like I don't know, I feel like that's the stuff that makes like life, like something that's amazing to live and I mean, yeah, once you graduate, you're gonna have a great time. Like whether you go to new york or you go wherever, it'll be awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I do hope so, I wish the best for you to um power lifting. Its covid has done a number to the sports industry in general and so
SPEAKER_R: Unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: that's just unfortunate all around. Um But hey, uh new york's a lively place, I'm sure they're gonna hit the ground running once everything reopens and if anything that might be a good opportunity to
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: get your leg in the door um rather than going into a currently functioning um the economy going into a ramping up economy, I think you might have a little bit more luck in that kind of a situation so um wishing your best work and all of that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, I mean that's definitely the plan, like I think um being able to like uh link up with people while the economy is ramping up will definitely help me more like I actually say. But like another thing that I do in my free time is like I've been running through the past year a job search, like support group. And so it's basically like an online group that I started last october and I don't know, just been linking up with fellow job seekers before. Just like supposed to be like a way for us to just talk about our strategies and like if people want event, like they have like a special area, they can vent stuff. But yeah, after it hit some of the people who have been working on this was they were like, we have the chance to do something like amazing. And I mean together with them, I've been able to build out guides to like help people, like basically help with job searching, show them different Softwares they can use for that. Also introduced them to um like beer money. So basically like stuff like uh, like prolific, for example where you can make money online and it's like not. Yeah. Um and like also freebies so companies that are not free stuff, whether it's food or apparel and stuff like that. Um Yeah, I've been trying to introduce people to stuff like that and I mean, I feel like that even though that's not something I was trying to study or work on it all, I feel like it gives me a sense of like happiness doing that because it's just like, thanks, I wanted
SPEAKER_L: Do that.
SPEAKER_R: to do this so that it can be free because you know, like so many of these services, like understandably so people put in work and they want money at the same time, there's so many people who are job searching and so many people who are going through like financial struggles, especially like, you know, like millennials, like in our case is that um they can't really afford a lot of stuff. So this is like if there's a resource where
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: hope
SPEAKER_R: can do to help
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: free, like I think that would help people out a lot. So yeah, that's why I made that. And a lot of times I'm like super tired because I'm like working on it, like I'll be up at like three AM working on it.
SPEAKER_L: at the
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: same time like your you're going full force on all of this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean because I think it's it's so worth it. Like, I mean pre Covid, I was already thinking there's already like a segment. Well I won't say a segment, but like there's already a lot of like people who like their troubled job searching, but then like you're not really taught how to job search and you're not really taught like um I don't know who to reach out to or what to do or this or that
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: or the other and like and a
SPEAKER_L: if you're,
SPEAKER_R: lot of people who lost and I don't know, I think it's better to be able to spread like good in like happiness um in that then like um to just leave people out to dry, so.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I totally agree with you. Like I remember after my undergraduate um I didn't want to go to grad school right away. And so I was just like what am I supposed to do? Um and that's when I got the recommendation to go out and teach english, um what told me, hey, um I know a guy that worked for the jet program. Um, it'll give you some time to think about what you really want to do in your life and get your ground set. Um, and that kind of networking that, that hope giving, that's really what gets the economy going. That's what keeps people going. Uh and hope is just such a valuable resource. And when you get on social media nowadays or even look at the news or anything like that, you really come to realize how needed that hope is inside of people's lives because uh, if I have been my younger brother, I should say, um I'm trying to think of how to phrase this best. Um, any time I talked with him, he, I feel like he's a doom scroll. Er he's just like, if you look on facebook, you see this, I'm not gonna be able to get a job once Covid lets up. I'm like dude you gotta stay positive, you got to try. And he's just like well I just don't know and he's just like everybody doesn't know but everybody's still trying, you just gotta keep trying yourself. And I told him you've got to stay away from social media and go out and actually work with people like what you were saying build a support group, build a group of people that support people
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: and push people um to network and to create those connections between people. So I
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: totally agree with you. Um giving people a little bit of light and just building people up That's well worth the effort. Um and it builds connections who knows where those connections are gonna end up 10-15 years down the line. Another friend. Um He was
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: oh I forgot what he did. Um He was a computer scientist. Um and he was looking for software engineering jobs but he gets a call from a friend and he goes into working in finance. Um and I'm like that's a big shift from software engineering to financing. Just like
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: you'd be surprised it's not that different at all, I'm like okay uh I don't know much about the financing industry but whatever works for you and it's because of that connection that he initially made so I totally agree with you there. Um mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No 100% like I 100% agree with you. And even to the fact that like what you were saying about like your younger brother, like within my group, I do run into people who have like a similar mindset sometimes and like, I don't know, I try to encourage them and steer them because like, yeah, things are really difficult right now, but like I think if you put in a lot of work and you try to network and you try to look for so many outs, like there's something that will let up something that will help you like for example right now, remote work reason, like crazy and especially within um like for certain jobs like contact tracing their huge right now and like governments are recruiting with state governments. And in fact I actually, one of my group members who interacts the most. She lives in massachusetts near boston area and she actually just got hired a couple of days ago uh to work for the massachusetts, uh like state government as a contact tracer. So
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I think like actually like as a side thing like you might be able to let your brother know about doing that because like that is something like it's temporary but it brings money in, it can be done remotely. And I mean it could be like the next step you build skills like talking to people on the phone, data collection, things like that. But yeah, that's a digression. Um
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: basically like, yeah, you run into so many people who have like that sort of mindset where they're tired and like there feel like so hopeless about the future because of the news and because of how hard job searching is, the like yeah, being able to put a small, like put something there way where like they can see hope and they can grasp at something and climb up like that's just the first step. So allowing them to help get to where they envision themselves. Thanks. And like that's I mean this is also the mentality. I used to drive myself every day. I always make like a list of things that I need to accomplish for the day. Um Today I'm like nowhere near finished with that yet, just because I've been working on like my old white stuff, but I mean it's okay and um yeah, I always try to go for it just because like it keeps myself accountable. It allows me to just uh make sure that I'm on track for where I want to be and that like I'm not just thinking vaguely in the air, okay, I applied for this and like, okay, I think I'm good. Like I have something on paper that this shows me that I'm working in becoming who I want to be. And I mean if you're doing that, then you're doing a good job.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah goal oriented lifestyle. That's the it's a great way to live. Um There was a book that uh it's Melinda Gates is The Moment of lived, what you were saying reminded me of that. Um She said uh if you're not sending you're setting your agenda someone else is and um so you gotta you gotta create for yourself a routine create for yourself what you want to do otherwise someone else is gonna set up for you and use it to their advantage and not to yours so.
SPEAKER_R: 100%. 100%. Yeah. No, like, yeah, I mean that's exactly how it is. Like, I mean, I mean, you see that with, I mean nothing necessarily wrong with this, but you see that with people who might like settle and become comfortable just working and like whatever job like they're doing, like I said, there's nothing wrong with it because it's like at the end of the day it's up to your goals and if your goal is just to be like stable, like that's okay too. But I mean some people, they want to do something else completely and I mean you can see it through the effort they put into their work, like it might not be their best effort. So it's like uh and I'm speaking of this because like specifically had a friend who pre covid we were literally talking about this uh with his job, like but yeah, like they don't necessarily put in all that because they might not like their job too much, but like, you know, they can take a chance and work on um whatever special endeavor that they might have been granted, that's not easy, like not everybody has the opportunity for that. Um But like I don't know like if there's something that can be done towards that, whether that's like um doing your day job during the day and then working whatever endeavor you have at nighttime or something. Like I think it's well worth it. Like this friend specifically wanted to start his own online business and you want to learn more about coding, but he was saying his day job was taking too much time and he's a close friend of mine, I met while studying abroad and he lives in New Jersey, like the border between Jersey and New york city. Um And then coincidentally enough, like he was talking about how he needed a break from his job and then a month and a half later Covid happened. And like he actually got like a temporary break from his job. So he's actually been like during quarantine working on that business, and he showed me the website and there was, it was awesome, like I was
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: happy. So I mean he ended up making that happen. I need to check up on him to see like how that's been going since then, but like, yeah, I don't know like the end of the day, like I don't necessarily only have one goal, but uh
SPEAKER_L: Right
SPEAKER_R: I'm just trying to work my life towards um being able to accomplish as many things that I envisioned for myself as possible.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah I really appreciate that attitude and that mentality. So um thanks I've got to go here soon. Um Looks like we're over our time. Um But I appreciated talking with you. I really did. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I can't inspired um And uh thanks a bunch I appreciated it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No problem. Yeah, take care and yeah, keep on, keeping on work hard, keep on inspiring your little brother and I hope things like awesome things happen for you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah thanks same to you. Good luck out there.