so Uh huh, Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, mhm, mhm, mhm. Yeah, yeah, mm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm, mhm Okay. Uh huh, mm. Yeah. Right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, wow. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah,
yeah, I can hear you can hear me
then. Nice to meet you,
I'm from massachusetts, so I'm up north.
heart,
You get around traveling a lot?
and
sounds
like
more in your life.
Yeah.
rep
man, that's impressive, that's that's really cool. Um the, I've only been to Japan, I was an english teacher out there for a few years. Um but I, I didn't get to go all over the place like you did, that's that's really cool um that you were able to do basically a track of almost all continents I guess you missed in the southern hemisphere.
Yeah, once Covid done right,
what was that?
Yeah, well I noticed that there's uh it's the um world's economy language I guess is the way to put it and so there's a lot of people that want to learn it and the program that I went with gave a pretty little rate for teaching english um and so it was, it was pretty good deal for a lot of people, so um I understood there's uh I've met quite a few people that have done the teaching english,
so
I think it's, it was still a lot of fun though, uh met a lot of cool people, um did a lot of cool things while I was there. Um so I, I enjoyed it. Um but I get a lot of laughs to people because I went in the opposite direction for school and everything. Um I talk english and then I go to school for um physics during my undergraduate and then now in my graduate degree I'm doing a computational science is what they call it. So people, when I tell you I was an english teacher there, like you flip flopped, so
did you put your language?
that's
pretty
good.
It's true. I remember going to Japan um and I was mostly hanging out with americans for like the first eight months and I'm like, man, I still can't speak japanese, I think
someone told me you just got to live with a native and that's how you get to do it. And um it was around maybe the ninth month when I finally said, yeah, I'll go get my own apartment, start living uh in the native kind of a sphere. That's when I could finally go out and finally ordered Mcdonald's by myself. And so that's
when I considered myself um uh able to speak decent japanese.
Well,
She's at
home
and I did, Yeah,
it's
a good one yeah. Um
it's a very good program. Um they offer renewal's, I had a friend that did it for like 4.5 years or something like that. I only did a two year renewal, but they're super nice, they're super friendly. Um and they get you around the place. Um I was in uh Naegleria and Kanazawa. Um so basically the pacific ocean side and then the uh sea of japan side. So um
they
help you get around and have a little bit of fun on this. Um So I highly recommend that if you're looking at doing that.
True,
you do,
I know what you're talking about,
I see, that's uh one of my favorites um did you ever get a chance to go to uh Coco's curry um
as
we were describing, it sounded
like it might have been. Um
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
but that was one of my favorites. Um I love going to that place.
I haven't been to new york, I've heard that they have a lot of uh common japanese food chains in new york, but I haven't had the chance to get over there and uh see it out for myself, so
wish you luck. Um you're kind of persuading me to look into that myself, I'm just about to finish my Master's degree um in May not may, what am I thinking? It's uh january. Um
and so I need to start thinking about jobs and stuff, but Covid on my mind, I have, I've been focusing on school and not worrying about the job market as much. Um But you're getting me excited, I'm like maybe I should go to new york, maybe I should look into that, so you're inspiring me with your stories.
Yeah, I I do hope so, I wish the best for you to um power lifting. Its covid has done a number to the sports industry in general and so
that's just unfortunate all around. Um But hey, uh new york's a lively place, I'm sure they're gonna hit the ground running once everything reopens and if anything that might be a good opportunity to
get your leg in the door um rather than going into a currently functioning um the economy going into a ramping up economy, I think you might have a little bit more luck in that kind of a situation so um wishing your best work and all of that.
Do that.
I
hope
you
at the
same time like your you're going full force on all of this.
Or
if you're,
yeah, I totally agree with you. Like I remember after my undergraduate um I didn't want to go to grad school right away. And so I was just like what am I supposed to do? Um and that's when I got the recommendation to go out and teach english, um what told me, hey, um I know a guy that worked for the jet program. Um, it'll give you some time to think about what you really want to do in your life and get your ground set. Um, and that kind of networking that, that hope giving, that's really what gets the economy going. That's what keeps people going. Uh and hope is just such a valuable resource. And when you get on social media nowadays or even look at the news or anything like that, you really come to realize how needed that hope is inside of people's lives because uh, if I have been my younger brother, I should say, um I'm trying to think of how to phrase this best. Um, any time I talked with him, he, I feel like he's a doom scroll. Er he's just like, if you look on facebook, you see this, I'm not gonna be able to get a job once Covid lets up. I'm like dude you gotta stay positive, you got to try. And he's just like well I just don't know and he's just like everybody doesn't know but everybody's still trying, you just gotta keep trying yourself. And I told him you've got to stay away from social media and go out and actually work with people like what you were saying build a support group, build a group of people that support people
and push people um to network and to create those connections between people. So I
totally agree with you. Um giving people a little bit of light and just building people up That's well worth the effort. Um and it builds connections who knows where those connections are gonna end up 10-15 years down the line. Another friend. Um He was
oh I forgot what he did. Um He was a computer scientist. Um and he was looking for software engineering jobs but he gets a call from a friend and he goes into working in finance. Um and I'm like that's a big shift from software engineering to financing. Just like
you'd be surprised it's not that different at all, I'm like okay uh I don't know much about the financing industry but whatever works for you and it's because of that connection that he initially made so I totally agree with you there. Um mm.
No.
All
Yeah goal oriented lifestyle. That's the it's a great way to live. Um There was a book that uh it's Melinda Gates is The Moment of lived, what you were saying reminded me of that. Um She said uh if you're not sending you're setting your agenda someone else is and um so you gotta you gotta create for yourself a routine create for yourself what you want to do otherwise someone else is gonna set up for you and use it to their advantage and not to yours so.
All right.
Right
mm. Yeah I really appreciate that attitude and that mentality. So um thanks I've got to go here soon. Um Looks like we're over our time. Um But I appreciated talking with you. I really did. Um
I can't inspired um And uh thanks a bunch I appreciated it.
Yeah thanks same to you. Good luck out there.