SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good, what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: My name is Grayson.
SPEAKER_L: Hi grandson. I'm reading.
SPEAKER_R: Really nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to me do.
SPEAKER_R: Ask
SPEAKER_L: So where
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: you're located?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from California
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. I'm in Utah cool
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: wearing California, North south.
SPEAKER_R: south, like Probably about 40 miles east of Los Angeles.
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. My partner is from L. A. Area so yeah yeah to us see for a long time and yeah. So how are you faring with all this craziness in our country?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Yeah, it's been well, it's been fine. I got back to the country a month ago and I haven't left the house a whole lot yet, so I haven't really dealt with the craziness, but
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: it's been
SPEAKER_L: good. Well
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: where were you
SPEAKER_R: I was in Serbia.
SPEAKER_L: wow. For? How long,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. It ended up being like six months while I was gone, but total in europe, I was gone since january. So I was there for like eight months. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: cool were you working?
SPEAKER_R: I was. Yeah, but coronavirus had different plans.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that sucks. I'm so sorry. I think so many people's plans have been just like upended. I'm so glad I didn't start a restaurant or something right when this hit
SPEAKER_R: that, that would have been a rough time to start a restaurant. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: no shit. Oh man it really would have. So you know, so what are you gonna do do you think?
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't know, I'm gonna, I'm just kind of waiting to see how things will be kind of the beginning of next year. Um because the, well I coach american football so you know, with pandemic sports are kind of the first thing to go and one of the
SPEAKER_L: with music Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: One of the last things to come back, so I'm not 100% sure because I was coaching in Poland and I went to Serbia because my fiance is from there to just wait and see what happened. But it turned out the eu never let americans come back up to this point, they haven't so I couldn't go back to work if I want to do.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh wow. That really, really put you in a really awkward and weird position, doesn't it? Man? I I keep wondering like someone just built an indoor like tumbling and sports arena right near our home and I think what are you guys doing? I'm so sorry. Oh my gosh because I really doubt people are using if they are using it, I doubt the business has been good, you know? So Oh yeah my my sweetheart is a musician and
SPEAKER_R: Before
SPEAKER_L: is in a lot of online groups of musicians and the studio musicians in LA are just scrambling, you know, no work, no they're trying to figure out how to do stuff online but it's pretty tough, you're in a big band or something kind of like football, how do you do football online? It doesn't work.
SPEAKER_R: now it doesn't especially
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: especially
SPEAKER_L: ahead.
SPEAKER_R: in this area because California um because it seems to not be figuring it out, you know even just Disneyland for example every Disney resort in the world is open right now
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: except for Anaheim and I think my friend works in Hollywood um and he just went back to work last week
SPEAKER_L: ha ha
SPEAKER_R: which was very late Canada England even Georgia, they all started filming movies again long time ago. For some reason California seems to be figuring it out at a much slower pace.
SPEAKER_L: I think there are being more cautious because there's been more infections and I I don't know, I mean maybe these places are open too soon and they'll end up with being a super spreader event, like trump's little garden party, you know? Who knows? Yeah, So I mean nobody really knows how to manage this. Well, uh it's really crazy what we're living through. I never thought it would really happen this way, you know? So
SPEAKER_R: it's interesting I guess because I was in europe and reading the news about America and then now I'm back in America, I really see that while there is a really wide range of ways to handle the pandemic and it's for example Poland they I left the day before they shut the borders And they were having about 400 new cases a day when they decided to shut the borders and Yesterday earlier this week they had 5000 cases a day and they're playing sports So they shut the country for 400 but they're playing sports with 5000, you know about six something like that six months later. So it's really evolving people's feelings and understanding about how to handle it is really changing.
SPEAKER_L: Do you wish you had stayed? So you could be there coaching or are you glad you're not there
SPEAKER_R: Um I mean I wish I was there now, but I'm glad that I left because the big thing for me was I don't speak polish so people from the team would have had to kind of help me out, you know, they were changing the rules every day. I would have, I kind of felt like I would have been a burden on people, but I speak just enough Serbian to survive and my fiance and her family are there so I was able to kind of take care of myself, I just didn't want to be, I didn't want people to have to worry about me during a pandemic. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And if you had gotten sick, that would have been horrible being so far away. My son is in a metal band and they were in touring europe when this all it and they got back, oh, like a couple of weeks before we close the border. But one of their band mates is still battling effects of Covid because he got it. Well, I think they were, I don't know if they were in Germany or or London when, when they were, I think they got sick. So it's uh it sucks. I mean, he was in the hospital and he thought he was better, but he still has a drain because he got some sort of weird infection because he has Crohn's disease. And you know how it does weird crap with people's bodies. So Poor kid. I mean, he's he's not a kid, he's probably 35, but you know, uh that's gotta be tough. He's got a child and a wife and probably can't work. So he works in a brewery, so hopefully they're being laid back and cool about it, But I don't know. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: wonder
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: if, I wonder if the brewery started making hand sanitizer. I was seeing in the news that some of the breweries were doing that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know. I'm not sure. We have quite a few breweries here because they have different laws about it. We have to have lower alcohol content and our beers because mormons, it's really silly. And so it's like we can't be grown ups and decide what we want to drink, they got to decide. So I'm not sure. I haven't read if any of them are. I know like there's quite a few um there's a gin and whiskey and vodka distillery and a few of those who are making hand sanitizers. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: guess that is, I didn't, I didn't think about that, I guess there is probably a lot of random differences between California and Utah because of the politics. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I mean, you know, they just passed really restrictive laws for medical marijuana. I mean, we're we'll be back, you know, in 1950 for fucking ever Pardon my
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: French, but you know, it's just weird here, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: the marijuana laws in California really interesting to me when I was in college um because it was medical marijuana at that time. But you could there everyone knew the doctors you could go to and say I have a headache and it was a joke but because the, I went to a private school and because they accepted federal um scholarship money, the federal grants, they had to apply federal law. So it was, it was kind of this weird thing where people were getting kicked out of school for
SPEAKER_L: For something
SPEAKER_R: smoking,
SPEAKER_L: legal.
SPEAKER_R: but it was legal and it was just it was really weird, I didn't smoke myself because I always just thought was it really worth it. These people are They're gonna kick you, you can get you know $50,000 in student loans, 90% of the way through college and get kicked out because of some weed. And I'm like you guys
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: smoke after graduation?
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Yeah, nothing's worth that. I go have a beer or some vodka or something. Yeah. I wouldn't either risk something like that. But yeah, it's silly. Hopefully we'll have, will decriminalize then, you know, stop using those laws to be putting people in jail, especially people of color. It bugs me. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's a lot of real problems in the world, I don't know that weed is is
SPEAKER_L: most
SPEAKER_R: one of the um Yeah
SPEAKER_L: of the mellow mellow mellow people I've known are potheads. So it's like, come on, let's and and and I think people are using in theory jeans for spiritual growth now and for mental health and it's just not, I I get that a lot of it is, you know, it's being driven by pharmaceutical companies who don't want to lose business on antidepressants. So you know, what are you going to do? This country is run by money and it sucked.
SPEAKER_R: It is, yeah and uh money money talks, but by the way on the subject of marijuana, my my university graduation was actually on 4 20
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: after, right after the ceremony, when you go take pictures with your family and I was like what is that smell? And I was like oh mom, that's just what college smells like. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's jerome from California or did they come from somewhere else?
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Where did
SPEAKER_R: she's
SPEAKER_L: you grow
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: up?
SPEAKER_R: from here. Yeah. Well Yeah, she moved here when she was in her 30s. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What school did you like it there?
SPEAKER_R: Um Not really, I mean I really appreciate the weather and the fact that there's no mosquitoes but it's extremely expensive.
SPEAKER_L: crowded.
SPEAKER_R: And as far as, you know my profession coaching football, I think it's it's much better in europe than in California.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. We have a son and his girlfriend are moving to Ireland in june and they're super stoked. Yes, she's actually her father Serbian but had his had a dutch citizenship so she got dual citizenship with
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: a dutch citizenship and so they can move and she's got her masters so they should be easy to get a job and all that and they want out of this craziness so it'll be fun to see how they like it.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, it's I mean I think California is great, I think I'll always come back and visit, but I definitely don't think I'll live here forever. I think you could build a better life somewhere else.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I love visiting California but having to fight the crowds for everything. You know I mean just being stuck on the freeway every time you're there is is really the pits and you know housing costs holy crude. Yeah, I mean
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I was going to say and now with fires but the fires are all over the west so you know I mean even in Oregon and Washington who thought you'd see that
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: they're they're so wet but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and it's in California, it seems like there's fires every year. We talk about terrible fires every year, it doesn't seem like it's going to get better and in the near future.
SPEAKER_L: My stepson and his family lived in paradise and lost their homes along with their grandmother. Um And his
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: business partner
SPEAKER_R: is part
SPEAKER_L: they had a construction
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: company
SPEAKER_R: it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: moved to Oroville and just
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: lost
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: his second
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: home that he built in Orville. So in two years his little family
SPEAKER_R: it's good.
SPEAKER_L: have have had two homes burned down. I mean. Oh
SPEAKER_R: that's terrible. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I don't I just that that seems we've got to do something
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: about it. I don't know I mean global warming is is going to take years and years and years to solve so I don't think it's like an easy fix. We can't just go rake the forests like trump, thinks you know do anything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and that was uh I mean listening to the governor and trump talk about the issue, it was very it was very interesting um because part of it is bad luck California was in a drought for a long time, which obviously makes things worse. Part of it is poor forest management, but I guess it gets really complicated because I didn't know this, but much of the land that's burning is federal land and so it gets kind of convoluted with how to handle force management because the governor can only handle it on certain land and the federal government can only handle it on certain land and they don't seem to work well together historically, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah and especially when you've got a Democratic governor and trump and he doesn't like to work with democrats, it's
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: like really really interesting. Well and then you also have PG. And E. Who haven't upgraded God have you looked at what they haven't upgraded their equipment some of it in 100 and something 120 years. So you've got all of that liability going with you know it was okay when you weren't in a drought I think I'm sure they had fires but they could put them out and manage them and it stinks. So wow. So do you want to move back to europe at some point to do your career? Is that what you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think eventually. I mean really, the only reason I come back every year now is because my mom's here um but she's getting ready to retire. She's gonna move to Vegas in a year And I guess I'll probably visit her there, but probably within 5 to 10 years she'll retire in the Philippines because it's where she's originally from.
SPEAKER_L: Oh how cool. Uh
SPEAKER_R: So I don't know when she's not in America anymore. I don't know
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: much
SPEAKER_R: much
SPEAKER_L: you'll come back?
SPEAKER_R: I'll come back. I'll definitely not never, but I definitely won't come back even yearly. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I I doubt we'll be seeing our kids that that often. We've got a I've got a stepdaughter in London as well and I I will I've got 10 step kids, my sweetheart at dead kids and I have two Children,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: so it does in between us and they all not, I'm saying probably four or 5 want to stay in the us all the rest would like to go to europe. Not really that they don't love it here, so
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: we'll see. It'll be really interesting to see how scattered we become.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but that's also one of the one thing that I've noticed about the world is there's so many different places that you can find a place you love, but also the people don't think about it, but also with America to um you maybe not as diverse as the world but you can definitely move to different, you know, a lot of conservatives love to move from California to texas. A lot of liberal people like to move to California and new york, lot of people in the middle like to move to a kind
SPEAKER_L: cost
SPEAKER_R: of middle of nowhere town somewhere like you can find you can find something that fits your preferences somewhere in the country or the world.
SPEAKER_L: I've lived in the northeast, have lived in the south and I've lived in the west and I'm a western girl, it's not that I wouldn't live those places, but um I noticed that when we lived in new Hampshire and we were like just an hour and a half north of boston, I felt like I was pissing people off a lot, it's just so much the culture is so different, I think uh oh did I say that wrong? And they're just like very cut and dried straight
SPEAKER_R: strict
SPEAKER_L: ahead. Less laid back and it just, I felt stressed a lot, you know, it just sort of, uh, yeah, I mean it's beautiful, Just gorgeous. We were right on the little new Hampshire coastline
SPEAKER_R: that's fine.
SPEAKER_L: and it was beautiful. But
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: damn, it's cold and and pretty non divers. I didn't like that about it. It was all very white
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: people who just didn't get what it's like to not be white in this country. And that to me is just like, I get tired of that. I want want different people with different views and different ideas about the world around me. I find it fascinating and interesting. So you know, I don't, and the south of course, what can you say about the south? It's gorgeous. And I cried
SPEAKER_R: it was different, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I cried a lot, seeing so much racism. That was,
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: I was like barely, I think I was 20, almost 20 when we moved there. I was married stupidly married at that at 19. And um I just didn't handle it well, you know, so naive and it was like seeing the projects and so
SPEAKER_R: It's,
SPEAKER_L: much prejudice was hard. So I don't know. Not that it's not here. I mean I'm from Idaho. Talk
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: about prejudice, white Aryan nazi bullshit, you know? So. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Well I hope they let it opens
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: up and you get to to do you know, do what you love and what you've gotten your degree and that's uh such
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: a bummer to have you have your life be interrupted like this?
SPEAKER_R: yeah we'll definitely be able to go back to Serbia. They are because they're not in the Eu there are a lot better with their rules. I don't know what's going to happen with the Eu though but speaking of being young and naive um the first time I went to Serbia it was right after college I got I had to do an extra semester because my university don't don't go to the liberal arts university, a small liberal arts university and major and math that was I transferred in for two years but they only offered geometry every 3rd fall. So the two years that I was there they didn't offer geometry which was a requirement tried to stay an extra semester so I graduate. So I graduated in april but then had to stay for the fall semester. And right after new years after I finally finished I went to Serbia and I was so young and naive. I lived in southern California my whole life. I got to Serbia and one of the first things I noticed walking around I was like wow, everybody here is Serbian and they all looked at me like I was stupid like what do you mean like? Well like I don't know, we've been walking around for like an hour. I have only seen Serbian people like everybody's serving. Yeah. That's how it is in Serbia. Is that not how it is in America? And I was like well yeah I guess most people are american I guess. But you know there's black people, mexican people, asian people, white
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: people. There's anything is everything all in the same
SPEAKER_L: Chinese
SPEAKER_R: place. Yeah. Especially living so close to living so close to L. A. There's there's everything.
SPEAKER_L: Total melting pot. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and that was I was 22 and it was the first time in my life I realized wow not everywhere is diverse. That's really a southern California thing I did not notice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean even little salt in salt Lake City is not little but compared to L. A. You know anything's little compared to L. A. But we have quite were pretty diverse here because of the influence of the mormon church people get baptized and then decided to move here. So there's a lot of different ethnic groups, fortunately not all of them stay mormon so they bring their culture and it's nice you know but it's more diverse than most places I've lived. I know L. A. Is just
SPEAKER_R: She.
SPEAKER_L: like super melting pot and I like it. I think it's I think it makes for a very vibrant sometimes caustic community with people but still that's pretty pretty cool. So
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: there's not much um I would assume people don't move to Serbia to escape
SPEAKER_R: speak
SPEAKER_L: other countries or because they've had their own issues right? So it doesn't feel quite as safe for people would you say?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Most people go through, a lot of refugees go through belgrade trying to pass through Serbia and a lot end up staying for a while because it's really hard to get into the Eu. Um But yeah that's a big sense of tension there because it's kind of many refugees trying to pass through Serbia and then obviously the you won't let them all in freely but then they don't want to stay in Serbia. And then serbians are kind of like wait what's wrong with Serbia? Why don't you want to stay here? Like why are we helping you? And you're basically saying this is a terrible country, you don't want to live here and that kind of leads to some tension there. But yeah, it's not, if you see, the way I like to describe it is when I see a black person in Serbia, I notice if I see a black person in California, it's just a Tuesday, it's just not, you don't even know, it's not even something that sticks out. But if you're in Poland or Serbia, you've noted like, oh there's a black person that I haven't seen that in months. Like I can't remember the last time I was in California and didn't see a different race, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: course.
SPEAKER_R: a week even.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Well what do you like about Serbia? What would you say are your favorite things about being there?
SPEAKER_R: it's the place that reminds me the most of the Philippines in the sense that families are so close, you know, families still sit down and have dinner all together every night and everyone, even when they're older like it's a shame if you don't go visit your mom for if you go too long without visiting your mom. It's like a real, it's a real shame. And I think kind of a lot of lot of american actions in America because I live in southern California, that's a small part of America. But I don't think family families are quite as close. Also Serbia is a lot more slow paced where you really, I mean there'll be people sitting in cafes with their friends in the middle of the day. Whereas you go to L. A. And everyone's running from one spot to the next in a hurry and there they kind of they take time to enjoy life and enjoy their family and take time with their friends and.
SPEAKER_L: I doubt that there's as much mental health issues about anxiety and stress like like here. Right, I mean that you would think that would help although they have anxiety about war I'm sure but.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and they have really beautiful nature there. It's the they call it the garden of europe because it's really it's really green and so that I've not an expert but I've heard that's also helpful for mental health issues. Is getting out into nature
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah that's what I love about here. We we could be 20
SPEAKER_R: coach.
SPEAKER_L: minutes and we're at a ski resort and we 10 minutes we're in the canyon to
SPEAKER_R: Help
SPEAKER_L: go walk on trails.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: So I love that about here, I hate the pollution.
SPEAKER_R: it's.
SPEAKER_L: We have pollution like L. A. Used to 25 years ago, you know? Um It's bad so because we have the same inversion
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: issues that you guys do with the mountains and all of that. So I mean I get your a little uh east of L. A. But still
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Where I'm from when you get on the freeway you can see downtown L. A. about between five and 10 days per year the rest of the day. It's too small. G. Yeah of
SPEAKER_L: we've really got to do something about that haven't we? The man
SPEAKER_R: I never noticed the air until I went to Washington when I was in university. We had a football game in Washington and I didn't notice it when I was in Washington and then when we got off the plane back in California it was like the air smacked
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: me in the face and I was like what is happening? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: sucks man. Yeah I we've been looking at moving to southern Oregon partially for the air quality and
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: we have kids in Portland and we have kids in Chico areas so we'd be like in between but
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if we will. We're still I mean everything's so up in the air like who who can make plans
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: during a pandemic. It's it's a tough one so.
SPEAKER_R: Yet Northern Northern Serbia has the same problem one. They're so poor that they don't really have standards on cars because if it runs use it until it doesn't run anymore but also they're so poor. A lot of people will burn things to stay warm. I mean obviously would but rubber, anything that'll burn and I mean that's a tough one because you can't really you can't really tell poor people not to burn things to stay warm in the middle of the winter, staying warm is the only important thing to you.
SPEAKER_L: and it gets really cold there doesn't it? Quite cold? Yeah lots of snow. Yeah. Yeah and I'm really tired of snow, we get a lot of snow here and it's I mean it's not as bad as Idaho but it's it gets pretty snowy and it gets old In Idaho. It's like six months of snow. They used to, it's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: kind of with global warming not as bad but it used to be you didn't see like the pavement or the road for almost six months. It was just cred yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's tough to, it smells a lot in Poland too. But the thing about Poland is even when it's not snowing I guess it's similar to London and that you'll go months without seeing the sun in the like the spring. It's uh, that's that was rough for me, like.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Southern California guy. You see the sun all the time, wow. Well
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it's been so nice chatting with you Grayson and I wish you so much luck. I hope that everything works out. I oh uh just keep sending your good juju energy even though it probably doesn't exist and
SPEAKER_R: It's worth a try. It
SPEAKER_L: yeah. What that?
SPEAKER_R: was really great to meet you. Honestly. It was enjoyed our, it went fast.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. You're really a pleasant young man. I wish you all the luck in your life.
SPEAKER_R: Alright. You too. Take care.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. Bye bye.