Hi, how are you?
Good, what's your name?
Hi grandson. I'm reading.
Nice to me do.
So where
you're located?
Oh cool. I'm in Utah cool
wearing California, North south.
Oh cool. My partner is from L. A. Area so yeah yeah to us see for a long time and yeah. So how are you faring with all this craziness in our country?
that's
good. Well
where were you
wow. For? How long,
cool were you working?
Yeah that sucks. I'm so sorry. I think so many people's plans have been just like upended. I'm so glad I didn't start a restaurant or something right when this hit
no shit. Oh man it really would have. So you know, so what are you gonna do do you think?
with music Yeah.
Uh huh wow. That really, really put you in a really awkward and weird position, doesn't it? Man? I I keep wondering like someone just built an indoor like tumbling and sports arena right near our home and I think what are you guys doing? I'm so sorry. Oh my gosh because I really doubt people are using if they are using it, I doubt the business has been good, you know? So Oh yeah my my sweetheart is a musician and
is in a lot of online groups of musicians and the studio musicians in LA are just scrambling, you know, no work, no they're trying to figure out how to do stuff online but it's pretty tough, you're in a big band or something kind of like football, how do you do football online? It doesn't work.
go
ahead.
So.
ha ha
I think there are being more cautious because there's been more infections and I I don't know, I mean maybe these places are open too soon and they'll end up with being a super spreader event, like trump's little garden party, you know? Who knows? Yeah, So I mean nobody really knows how to manage this. Well, uh it's really crazy what we're living through. I never thought it would really happen this way, you know? So
Do you wish you had stayed? So you could be there coaching or are you glad you're not there
And if you had gotten sick, that would have been horrible being so far away. My son is in a metal band and they were in touring europe when this all it and they got back, oh, like a couple of weeks before we close the border. But one of their band mates is still battling effects of Covid because he got it. Well, I think they were, I don't know if they were in Germany or or London when, when they were, I think they got sick. So it's uh it sucks. I mean, he was in the hospital and he thought he was better, but he still has a drain because he got some sort of weird infection because he has Crohn's disease. And you know how it does weird crap with people's bodies. So Poor kid. I mean, he's he's not a kid, he's probably 35, but you know, uh that's gotta be tough. He's got a child and a wife and probably can't work. So he works in a brewery, so hopefully they're being laid back and cool about it, But I don't know. So yeah,
I
don't
know.
Yeah. I don't know. I'm not sure. We have quite a few breweries here because they have different laws about it. We have to have lower alcohol content and our beers because mormons, it's really silly. And so it's like we can't be grown ups and decide what we want to drink, they got to decide. So I'm not sure. I haven't read if any of them are. I know like there's quite a few um there's a gin and whiskey and vodka distillery and a few of those who are making hand sanitizers. So yeah,
wow.
Oh yeah. I mean, you know, they just passed really restrictive laws for medical marijuana. I mean, we're we'll be back, you know, in 1950 for fucking ever Pardon my
French, but you know, it's just weird here, so. Yeah.
For something
legal.
No.
Exactly. Yeah, nothing's worth that. I go have a beer or some vodka or something. Yeah. I wouldn't either risk something like that. But yeah, it's silly. Hopefully we'll have, will decriminalize then, you know, stop using those laws to be putting people in jail, especially people of color. It bugs me. But
most
of the mellow mellow mellow people I've known are potheads. So it's like, come on, let's and and and I think people are using in theory jeans for spiritual growth now and for mental health and it's just not, I I get that a lot of it is, you know, it's being driven by pharmaceutical companies who don't want to lose business on antidepressants. So you know, what are you going to do? This country is run by money and it sucked.
That's
funny.
Yeah, it's jerome from California or did they come from somewhere else?
Where did
you grow
up?
What school did you like it there?
crowded.
Mhm. We have a son and his girlfriend are moving to Ireland in june and they're super stoked. Yes, she's actually her father Serbian but had his had a dutch citizenship so she got dual citizenship with
a dutch citizenship and so they can move and she's got her masters so they should be easy to get a job and all that and they want out of this craziness so it'll be fun to see how they like it.
Yeah. I mean I love visiting California but having to fight the crowds for everything. You know I mean just being stuck on the freeway every time you're there is is really the pits and you know housing costs holy crude. Yeah, I mean
I was going to say and now with fires but the fires are all over the west so you know I mean even in Oregon and Washington who thought you'd see that
they're they're so wet but yeah.
My stepson and his family lived in paradise and lost their homes along with their grandmother. Um And his
business partner
they had a construction
company
moved to Oroville and just
lost
his second
home that he built in Orville. So in two years his little family
have have had two homes burned down. I mean. Oh
yeah I don't I just that that seems we've got to do something
about it. I don't know I mean global warming is is going to take years and years and years to solve so I don't think it's like an easy fix. We can't just go rake the forests like trump, thinks you know do anything. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah and especially when you've got a Democratic governor and trump and he doesn't like to work with democrats, it's
like really really interesting. Well and then you also have PG. And E. Who haven't upgraded God have you looked at what they haven't upgraded their equipment some of it in 100 and something 120 years. So you've got all of that liability going with you know it was okay when you weren't in a drought I think I'm sure they had fires but they could put them out and manage them and it stinks. So wow. So do you want to move back to europe at some point to do your career? Is that what you?
Oh how cool. Uh
How
much
you'll come back?
Yeah
I I doubt we'll be seeing our kids that that often. We've got a I've got a stepdaughter in London as well and I I will I've got 10 step kids, my sweetheart at dead kids and I have two Children,
so it does in between us and they all not, I'm saying probably four or 5 want to stay in the us all the rest would like to go to europe. Not really that they don't love it here, so
we'll see. It'll be really interesting to see how scattered we become.
cost
I've lived in the northeast, have lived in the south and I've lived in the west and I'm a western girl, it's not that I wouldn't live those places, but um I noticed that when we lived in new Hampshire and we were like just an hour and a half north of boston, I felt like I was pissing people off a lot, it's just so much the culture is so different, I think uh oh did I say that wrong? And they're just like very cut and dried straight
ahead. Less laid back and it just, I felt stressed a lot, you know, it just sort of, uh, yeah, I mean it's beautiful, Just gorgeous. We were right on the little new Hampshire coastline
and it was beautiful. But
damn, it's cold and and pretty non divers. I didn't like that about it. It was all very white
people who just didn't get what it's like to not be white in this country. And that to me is just like, I get tired of that. I want want different people with different views and different ideas about the world around me. I find it fascinating and interesting. So you know, I don't, and the south of course, what can you say about the south? It's gorgeous. And I cried
I cried a lot, seeing so much racism. That was,
I was like barely, I think I was 20, almost 20 when we moved there. I was married stupidly married at that at 19. And um I just didn't handle it well, you know, so naive and it was like seeing the projects and so
much prejudice was hard. So I don't know. Not that it's not here. I mean I'm from Idaho. Talk
about prejudice, white Aryan nazi bullshit, you know? So. Yeah. But
I don't know. Well I hope they let it opens
up and you get to to do you know, do what you love and what you've gotten your degree and that's uh such
a bummer to have you have your life be interrupted like this?
The
Chinese
Total melting pot. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean even little salt in salt Lake City is not little but compared to L. A. You know anything's little compared to L. A. But we have quite were pretty diverse here because of the influence of the mormon church people get baptized and then decided to move here. So there's a lot of different ethnic groups, fortunately not all of them stay mormon so they bring their culture and it's nice you know but it's more diverse than most places I've lived. I know L. A. Is just
like super melting pot and I like it. I think it's I think it makes for a very vibrant sometimes caustic community with people but still that's pretty pretty cool. So
there's not much um I would assume people don't move to Serbia to escape
other countries or because they've had their own issues right? So it doesn't feel quite as safe for people would you say?
Of
course.
Yeah. Yeah. Well what do you like about Serbia? What would you say are your favorite things about being there?
I doubt that there's as much mental health issues about anxiety and stress like like here. Right, I mean that you would think that would help although they have anxiety about war I'm sure but.
Yeah. Yeah that's what I love about here. We we could be 20
minutes and we're at a ski resort and we 10 minutes we're in the canyon to
go walk on trails.
So I love that about here, I hate the pollution.
We have pollution like L. A. Used to 25 years ago, you know? Um It's bad so because we have the same inversion
issues that you guys do with the mountains and all of that. So I mean I get your a little uh east of L. A. But still
we've really got to do something about that haven't we? The man
that
sucks man. Yeah I we've been looking at moving to southern Oregon partially for the air quality and
we have kids in Portland and we have kids in Chico areas so we'd be like in between but
I don't know if we will. We're still I mean everything's so up in the air like who who can make plans
during a pandemic. It's it's a tough one so.
and it gets really cold there doesn't it? Quite cold? Yeah lots of snow. Yeah. Yeah and I'm really tired of snow, we get a lot of snow here and it's I mean it's not as bad as Idaho but it's it gets pretty snowy and it gets old In Idaho. It's like six months of snow. They used to, it's
kind of with global warming not as bad but it used to be you didn't see like the pavement or the road for almost six months. It was just cred yeah.
yeah. Southern California guy. You see the sun all the time, wow. Well
it's been so nice chatting with you Grayson and I wish you so much luck. I hope that everything works out. I oh uh just keep sending your good juju energy even though it probably doesn't exist and
yeah. What that?
Yes. You're really a pleasant young man. I wish you all the luck in your life.
Thanks. Bye bye.