Hello.
I'm pretty good, how are you?
My name is Grayson.
Really nice to meet you.
Ask
is
I'm from California
Yeah
south, like Probably about 40 miles east of Los Angeles.
Mhm Yeah, it's been well, it's been fine. I got back to the country a month ago and I haven't left the house a whole lot yet, so I haven't really dealt with the craziness, but
it's been
interesting.
I was in Serbia.
Mhm. It ended up being like six months while I was gone, but total in europe, I was gone since january. So I was there for like eight months. Yeah,
I was. Yeah, but coronavirus had different plans.
that, that would have been a rough time to start a restaurant. Yeah.
Um I don't know, I'm gonna, I'm just kind of waiting to see how things will be kind of the beginning of next year. Um because the, well I coach american football so you know, with pandemic sports are kind of the first thing to go and one of the
One of the last things to come back, so I'm not 100% sure because I was coaching in Poland and I went to Serbia because my fiance is from there to just wait and see what happened. But it turned out the eu never let americans come back up to this point, they haven't so I couldn't go back to work if I want to do.
Before
now it doesn't especially
especially
in this area because California um because it seems to not be figuring it out, you know even just Disneyland for example every Disney resort in the world is open right now
except for Anaheim and I think my friend works in Hollywood um and he just went back to work last week
which was very late Canada England even Georgia, they all started filming movies again long time ago. For some reason California seems to be figuring it out at a much slower pace.
it's interesting I guess because I was in europe and reading the news about America and then now I'm back in America, I really see that while there is a really wide range of ways to handle the pandemic and it's for example Poland they I left the day before they shut the borders And they were having about 400 new cases a day when they decided to shut the borders and Yesterday earlier this week they had 5000 cases a day and they're playing sports So they shut the country for 400 but they're playing sports with 5000, you know about six something like that six months later. So it's really evolving people's feelings and understanding about how to handle it is really changing.
Um I mean I wish I was there now, but I'm glad that I left because the big thing for me was I don't speak polish so people from the team would have had to kind of help me out, you know, they were changing the rules every day. I would have, I kind of felt like I would have been a burden on people, but I speak just enough Serbian to survive and my fiance and her family are there so I was able to kind of take care of myself, I just didn't want to be, I didn't want people to have to worry about me during a pandemic. Yeah.
Yeah.
I
wonder
if, I wonder if the brewery started making hand sanitizer. I was seeing in the news that some of the breweries were doing that.
Yeah, I
guess that is, I didn't, I didn't think about that, I guess there is probably a lot of random differences between California and Utah because of the politics. Yeah.
No.
the marijuana laws in California really interesting to me when I was in college um because it was medical marijuana at that time. But you could there everyone knew the doctors you could go to and say I have a headache and it was a joke but because the, I went to a private school and because they accepted federal um scholarship money, the federal grants, they had to apply federal law. So it was, it was kind of this weird thing where people were getting kicked out of school for
smoking,
but it was legal and it was just it was really weird, I didn't smoke myself because I always just thought was it really worth it. These people are They're gonna kick you, you can get you know $50,000 in student loans, 90% of the way through college and get kicked out because of some weed. And I'm like you guys
smoke after graduation?
Yeah, there's a lot of real problems in the world, I don't know that weed is is
one of the um Yeah
It is, yeah and uh money money talks, but by the way on the subject of marijuana, my my university graduation was actually on 4 20
and
after, right after the ceremony, when you go take pictures with your family and I was like what is that smell? And I was like oh mom, that's just what college smells like. Uh
No,
she's
just
from here. Yeah. Well Yeah, she moved here when she was in her 30s. Yeah.
Um Not really, I mean I really appreciate the weather and the fact that there's no mosquitoes but it's extremely expensive.
And as far as, you know my profession coaching football, I think it's it's much better in europe than in California.
Thanks.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, it's I mean I think California is great, I think I'll always come back and visit, but I definitely don't think I'll live here forever. I think you could build a better life somewhere else.
it's
What?
and it's in California, it seems like there's fires every year. We talk about terrible fires every year, it doesn't seem like it's going to get better and in the near future.
It
is part
that's
it. Mhm.
Just
like
this.
it's good.
that's terrible. Yeah.
So
and that was uh I mean listening to the governor and trump talk about the issue, it was very it was very interesting um because part of it is bad luck California was in a drought for a long time, which obviously makes things worse. Part of it is poor forest management, but I guess it gets really complicated because I didn't know this, but much of the land that's burning is federal land and so it gets kind of convoluted with how to handle force management because the governor can only handle it on certain land and the federal government can only handle it on certain land and they don't seem to work well together historically, so.
it's
Yeah, I think eventually. I mean really, the only reason I come back every year now is because my mom's here um but she's getting ready to retire. She's gonna move to Vegas in a year And I guess I'll probably visit her there, but probably within 5 to 10 years she'll retire in the Philippines because it's where she's originally from.
So I don't know when she's not in America anymore. I don't know
how
much
I'll come back. I'll definitely not never, but I definitely won't come back even yearly. Mm.
Yeah.
So
So
yeah, but that's also one of the one thing that I've noticed about the world is there's so many different places that you can find a place you love, but also the people don't think about it, but also with America to um you maybe not as diverse as the world but you can definitely move to different, you know, a lot of conservatives love to move from California to texas. A lot of liberal people like to move to California and new york, lot of people in the middle like to move to a kind
of middle of nowhere town somewhere like you can find you can find something that fits your preferences somewhere in the country or the world.
strict
that's fine.
But
What?
it was different, yeah.
this
It's,
What?
Yes.
Well
yeah
yeah we'll definitely be able to go back to Serbia. They are because they're not in the Eu there are a lot better with their rules. I don't know what's going to happen with the Eu though but speaking of being young and naive um the first time I went to Serbia it was right after college I got I had to do an extra semester because my university don't don't go to the liberal arts university, a small liberal arts university and major and math that was I transferred in for two years but they only offered geometry every 3rd fall. So the two years that I was there they didn't offer geometry which was a requirement tried to stay an extra semester so I graduate. So I graduated in april but then had to stay for the fall semester. And right after new years after I finally finished I went to Serbia and I was so young and naive. I lived in southern California my whole life. I got to Serbia and one of the first things I noticed walking around I was like wow, everybody here is Serbian and they all looked at me like I was stupid like what do you mean like? Well like I don't know, we've been walking around for like an hour. I have only seen Serbian people like everybody's serving. Yeah. That's how it is in Serbia. Is that not how it is in America? And I was like well yeah I guess most people are american I guess. But you know there's black people, mexican people, asian people, white
people. There's anything is everything all in the same
place. Yeah. Especially living so close to living so close to L. A. There's there's everything.
and that was I was 22 and it was the first time in my life I realized wow not everywhere is diverse. That's really a southern California thing I did not notice.
She.
So
speak
Yeah. Most people go through, a lot of refugees go through belgrade trying to pass through Serbia and a lot end up staying for a while because it's really hard to get into the Eu. Um But yeah that's a big sense of tension there because it's kind of many refugees trying to pass through Serbia and then obviously the you won't let them all in freely but then they don't want to stay in Serbia. And then serbians are kind of like wait what's wrong with Serbia? Why don't you want to stay here? Like why are we helping you? And you're basically saying this is a terrible country, you don't want to live here and that kind of leads to some tension there. But yeah, it's not, if you see, the way I like to describe it is when I see a black person in Serbia, I notice if I see a black person in California, it's just a Tuesday, it's just not, you don't even know, it's not even something that sticks out. But if you're in Poland or Serbia, you've noted like, oh there's a black person that I haven't seen that in months. Like I can't remember the last time I was in California and didn't see a different race, you know,
for
a week even.
it's the place that reminds me the most of the Philippines in the sense that families are so close, you know, families still sit down and have dinner all together every night and everyone, even when they're older like it's a shame if you don't go visit your mom for if you go too long without visiting your mom. It's like a real, it's a real shame. And I think kind of a lot of lot of american actions in America because I live in southern California, that's a small part of America. But I don't think family families are quite as close. Also Serbia is a lot more slow paced where you really, I mean there'll be people sitting in cafes with their friends in the middle of the day. Whereas you go to L. A. And everyone's running from one spot to the next in a hurry and there they kind of they take time to enjoy life and enjoy their family and take time with their friends and.
Yeah and they have really beautiful nature there. It's the they call it the garden of europe because it's really it's really green and so that I've not an expert but I've heard that's also helpful for mental health issues. Is getting out into nature
coach.
Help
but
it's.
That's
Yeah. Where I'm from when you get on the freeway you can see downtown L. A. about between five and 10 days per year the rest of the day. It's too small. G. Yeah of
I never noticed the air until I went to Washington when I was in university. We had a football game in Washington and I didn't notice it when I was in Washington and then when we got off the plane back in California it was like the air smacked
me in the face and I was like what is happening? Uh huh.
Well
what?
What?
Yet Northern Northern Serbia has the same problem one. They're so poor that they don't really have standards on cars because if it runs use it until it doesn't run anymore but also they're so poor. A lot of people will burn things to stay warm. I mean obviously would but rubber, anything that'll burn and I mean that's a tough one because you can't really you can't really tell poor people not to burn things to stay warm in the middle of the winter, staying warm is the only important thing to you.
that's
yeah that's tough to, it smells a lot in Poland too. But the thing about Poland is even when it's not snowing I guess it's similar to London and that you'll go months without seeing the sun in the like the spring. It's uh, that's that was rough for me, like.
What?
It's worth a try. It
was really great to meet you. Honestly. It was enjoyed our, it went fast.
Alright. You too. Take care.