Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Hello? Hello? Row. Mhm. The, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Thanks. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. And Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is yeah, mm hmm, kidding. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Thanks. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Hi, how are you?
Good. I'm good.
Yes, I can. Can you hear me?
Yeah,
to meet you
as
well?
No, I haven't done it before.
Yeah. Yeah. It's cool. I think it's cool.
Why not? Of course. Of course I just wanna. Okay, it's 101 so we're good.
And where are you from? Like what's dating from?
Oh I have a friend in Illinois. I'm
from New york city.
Yeah. Yeah. You're an hour behind. A friend of mine lives in uh I don't know. I know she, no, she lives in a rural area in Illinois. I forgot what area that is but not
too far from boston I think. Yeah.
I heard you, I heard your you guys the pandemic is not so good in Illinois is at the moment,
city
was
new york city was pretty bad at the beginning of March. I don't know if you you heard uh in the northeast was really really bad. And we're pretty, I mean right now
we're like picking up a little bit so like under two under 3%. But like
you know everybody's watching um all the governor and the mayor there watching the numbers. You know you're saying if it goes above 3% they're gonna shut down the schools and everything, you know? Because now I have a daughter, she goes hybrid learning. So half the time she'll go in class learning and half the time she'll she'll go into another program. But that they do remote learning so part of the time. So I'm just like I'm hoping, you know, for their sake because you know, she
was home all the time and it was really hard for her,
Yeah. Oh my God.
I'm surprised that he didn't shut everything down already. It's not shut down yet.
We also
have that hair. Like I remember we went out with a couple of friends to dinner the other day and we had a party of for adults and my daughter who was the fifth person. My husband had to sit in a different table. Which is so weird. Yeah. He had to sit like across from us because they didn't allow more than four people.
But it's a new way of life is the reason a lot of people are getting sick and dying from this. So it's needed, you know, are you in college or you are you saying you go working? Right?
I
I
was
actually
yeah I was actually offered a job at the I. R. S. And I declined because I'm not a math is anything involving numbers. I try to stay clear from pretty much um I have a master's in applied behavioral analysis, you know a master's in psychology and be um And uh so I
decided to do applied behavior analysis
because my daughter has autism. In the beginning when I took psychology, I was thinking of being uh therapist for um
like trauma victims. And then I've seen the a b a therapist work with my daughter and I've seen how
how great that field is and I just was really interested in it, decided to get a degree in that. So, but right now I'm
not
working. Yeah, I do like freelance different little things here and there remotely because my job I have to go to clients homes and that's not possible at the moment to give therapy to people with behavioral issues and stuff like that.
No, no, no, you can't. So um
you know, a lot of people don't want you in their homes that that, you know, because of the pandemic, which is understandable and everything like that. So this is the new norm
and coming
towards the holiday season now it's a little bit different than but you know what we're used to I guess. But uh so uh what did I want to say? Um is it a little noise mostly like rural areas or how is that
always suburbs? So both.
All right,
so that's cool.
No. But I know that uh one time I was thinking about relocating to another state and I don't drive. My husband does. So um I was actually looking for places that
have similar transportation mode that we have here in new york city with the subway and the and the buses. And they said that uh I think boston or Chicago is very like that. Right? It is more so. But you guys have buses and subway system as well. Train system. So it's you don't really need a car if you live
in the heart of
right Chicago at
all.
So I just wonder how you know obviously if you I live here most of my life um I was born in Ukraine so I came when I was two. Yeah. Yeah. So I live I live in the United States like 45 years already. So but most of my life this is where I live in. Yeah,
so I mean this is what I know, so it's scary but we have family in florida and we're thinking of either buying a house in florida or Jersey, New Jersey, so we're not sure yet because the pandemic everything is you know, you have to think about what we're safest. Where's the best place you know to go to? I think this pandemic made everything upside down, you know people the way they think and you know for their future and everything, so it's
scary but you know it's something to I think I appreciate the little things more now since
this happened, you know,
I think we take a lot of things for granted like going to places that we can't go now, you know? So um but like today is my husband, my husband's birthday is tomorrow, so we're going out to dinner tonight
and um it's gonna be, let me see. I have four Children, So my oldest is, my oldest is 26, she was in Florida with her boyfriend and she works as a director and a kids program On there and then my other daughter is 25, she lives
in another area of New York City part time with me and part time with her boyfriend
And then my son's 22. So my and then I have the five year old five next month. Yeah so there's a big difference between my son and my daughter. I had I had it at 42 and 47 now so you know, so it's like I have adult Children plus I have a little one, I could be grandma already but I'm not not. Yeah so um we're going out to dinner tonight like botching place you know where they cook? Yeah so I'm hoping, well let me say it's only going to be my son, my daughter, my husband and me, so it's four of us so I think
we're
good.
Yeah. Have you ever
been to Hibachi where they cook in front of you?
my
husband
has,
Oh wow, my husband requested it because he's like it's his birthday so we're like I'm like I'll take you out you know me and my son is going half and half of the cost and so
I think it's a good
thing
you know the only thing is that we have to get my daughter something to you before we go because she won't eat anything picky eater at that age you know she won't eat anything. My husband loves the rice and all the food that they make in front of you. It's all fresh fresh veggies and stuff. So you know you guys are famous is this Chicago boston the pizzas right?
Is it really good? As good as they
say?
It's not, you have to really
go to Chicago to try. Yeah. My daughter is a big pizza eater. Um um, Brooklyn pizza. I was raised in Brooklyn. I don't know if you heard of Brooklyn? It's an area in new york city and uh some of the pizza places because they have a lot of Italians that live here and they make like Sicilian pizza or you know is really really good. But my brother moved to florida and he actually, every time he comes back to new york he has to have one slice of that pizza because in florida they don't have good pizza, you know. So have you ever traveled any other states ever?
That's my
dream
is to go to every state within the United States just to see, you know have like that experience, like a road trip, Cross country road trip. That would be like my dream. It's on my bucket
list.
Yeah, so maybe when I retire.
bless that,
I
don't
blame her. Why not?
Yeah. I know. I know. Is she
though? Is she okay now through depends on what she's isolating. I know it's harder for the older, you know the older generation right now they're saying this disease is more susceptible. My dad lives um I lost my mom about um it's gonna be two years from cancer.
so it's okay. Um So my dad lives alone and he's like in his seventies as well and he he actually he won't like hell he won't go out at all. Hell. I mean
he'll go on for exercise bike rides and stuff like that. But he
told his doctors he's not going until there's a cure. He doesn't want to go to any appointments. He's adjusted my medication and I'm fine here and I'll see you guys because he thinks the medical facilities that there's people that have Covid navy. Yeah. My husband took the subway. The when was it? Two days ago? He called me. He was like, I'm freaking out because there was a lady sitting across from him in the subway. She had a hospital
bracelet. I had covid 19 and big the bold letters on it. So he got out of the car, he called me, he's like please put a garbage bag in the four year of our house and put my robe. So he got and he put all his clothes
in
the garbage bag, went downstairs right away to wash it and then went to the, you know, to the bathroom to take a shower because he was afraid that he was like really close to her. But she was wearing a mask and everything. But, and I told one of my friends I was, is it possible somebody had Covid and we're just sitting there in the subway. Like
I wouldn't be embarrassed to have like a brace, the hospital grace and that's like COVID-19
on it and it be in the public.
Yeah. I don't know. Like he said, he saw it and
he just got up and just went to another another train
cabin.
No,
I know. It's
like we're
so,
Yeah, no, my my daughter, my 25 year old daughter that was partially with
me and partially with her boyfriend. Her boyfriend works in a supermarket. And uh he was you know, they went to his doctor to do rather random physical that happened to testing for antibodies. They said he had the the antibodies he didn't even he wasn't even say like he didn't even have any symptoms of the virus. Is that crazy? I find it really like, you know, because of I guess because I was a psychology major in my graduate studies, I'm really into research like you know, researching and everything and looking at research uh results for different studies. And I'm wondering if there's a study like based on why some people have really bad um
like really bad
symptoms from this virus and some people are asymptomatic. I wonder if there's uh there's some type of reason for that, I'm wondering.
Like I said,
my,
my, my daughters, my daughter's boyfriend who she's with her in five years and we saw him a couple of weeks ago and he was, he was diagnosed with having the antibody, so he had it, but he didn't have any symptoms. So for whatever reason, that's
what I think is scary because people are like, oh, I'm fine. There's nothing wrong with me, I'm okay to be around. No, you're not okay because you could be systematically given to your mom or dad and grandma and grandpa
and they, you know, they've got to die from it. There was a girl in there saying that native american, like, you know, the reservation, the tribes that they live in, a lot of them for whatever reason, Get it really bad or I know that there was an in use a 17 year old girl, she died from it. She was asthmatic. She was very heavy. So wait is a big factor too. They notice people who are more proportionately
heavy, don't really
deal with it really well. You know,
I'm so sorry.
Was this somebody called you?
on
july ng.
No,
it is, it is, It's, you know, I mean personally, I know my friends dad who was in a nursing home, but he was in his 80s, he passed from it. And then another friend of ours um that like not a friend of a friend of, well my friends, um his cousin, she was a, she was a teacher And she was in her 50s, but I heard that she had a lot of underlying condition. She wasn't obese, but just a lot of underlying conditions. So. Hello, You froze. Hello. Okay. Your connection froze. Yeah. Yeah, we have a couple more minutes. Okay. I'm gonna wait till 126 and then allowed out because that will make it 25 minutes.
I'm here.
No,
I
was
just
saying you know who's like I saw you,
I saw your picture freeze and then I'm like oh no we have like
a couple more minutes
and then we're done.
It's not your fault. I don't know it's you know something in the technical world just went bonkers. I think a lot of people are using you know this type of devices you know so there's like a whole I guess it's overload of a lot of people using you know the computer lately. Yes.
So I like your earrings so pretty.
Oh that's my favorite store. I go to that a lot, that's my big black friday shopping store to go to
and this year is going to have to be virtual. So
I'm
gonna, yeah, this year I don't know how they're going to do it though.
Like
the
black friday thing. Yeah. But it's like take something excitement for me to run the line and try to get that. I know you know, but I guess it's safer obviously because those you get really large crowds around black friday shopping. So but you know I guess we'll have to do that. I'm a big cold shopper and a big amazon shopper.
Yeah, I love I love those things. And yesterday actually do you have do you guys have a Burlington's in your area?
Yeah. I got my husband a couple of clothing items from there for his birthday. They have really nice items because you get name brand stuff for
you know, discount. Yeah. Yeah. So
but
no, I love ross but they have it in florida and you know, because my family's there, I do, I did a lot of trips there.
My mom used to take me, she was a big shop or she loves shopping to ross and my daughter goes to
ross.
That was one of her favorite stores. Ross,
ross is amazing. You can get such great deals and ross.
I wish she came to like to, well, I don't know if I've seen one, like I'm not too far among the borderline of new york and New Jersey, so I'm not sure if they have any New Jersey, but you know, do you guys have actor barrel in your estate? They're the best right cracker
viral.
those
are,
you did.
cool. So she used to bring a lot of goodies home though.
Oh wow. So are you guys gonna get together the thanksgiving holiday? You guys are obviously staying apart
because
of it?
Have you been tested yet?
maybe. Yeah I think that would be you know prudent to do that. I know that they said they have a better test now. I mean they have more tests you know that they do now. I got it in the beginning of the pandemic test because my husband's an essential worker and it goes all the way up like it goes high up.
But
now they have the one that the it just feels uncomfortable you know? But now they have the one that doesn't go all the way up. It goes like in the beginning you know in the lower in your nose doesn't go all the way up, it's not a long you know? So now they have that one and there is one that they put in your mouth but the one that I got because I think at that time they didn't have as
many tests now. I think they have more tests because my kids they went to florida recently and you have to quarantine when you come back into this in our state and you also have to be tested. So they were tested and they got the rap. It's called a rapid test where they tell you right away if you have it. So maybe you maybe your state has it to
something
called the rapid tests.
it is.
Yeah it is it it should be no they're supposed to be free. It's supposed to be free. So you can look in your the website and your you know wherever you guys have uh the city website or something with the city that you live in. And I think every city has information about where the testing sites are.
I think you could you're gonna have dr you know dr like you drive there and they test you right in your car
Yeah maybe you could do that. I mean it's like it
seems like you know a
good option. They have any they had it here too as well but you would but they wouldn't have here they didn't have it at a pharmacy. Just they have these places that you just like you can go and get tested with it.
Yeah I know but that's really nice of you that you're thinking of doing that before they get together you know? So
unless you get
unless they have the
rapid test
and you can get it
you know. But I mean you can also you can also get a blood test to see if you were you were infected and you have the antibodies. So that would be a good thing to you know
with your mom tested at all.
You don't think if they
test they don't test okay unless you have. Yeah. Right. Is she still going to the doctor's appointments or?
My husband has high blood pressure too.
all
Is she doing okay? Is she okay with staying home? I mean
that's
it.
My
husband says we're having an Indian summer today because yesterday was 73 today, 73 were getting really mild weather here as well.
Oh yeah I forgot my my friend from Illinois she posted um she said that there's a 4040° drop.
lot of rain.
So
when
the rain
it's probably going to come come hit us soon.
That's
not hearing.
So anyway um I don't know if we had the laughs in talking, do we have to
talk a little bit
more or does it end?
So this is your second or third time. This is my third
time talking
to somewhere
I'll call.
Have you been interesting people,
that's
weird.
Socialistic socialization,
I think mental health has really, people really suffered, like I'm diagnosed depression and anxiety and PTSD because I was a victim of a crime 20 years ago, I was almost murdered
and
uh yeah, it's okay. I mean I'm survived, I was domestic, you know, domestic
violence, my older
kids father, he was abusing me for five years and then he tried to murder me
and
thank God I escaped, you know, and I had to go in front of a grand jury and testify, You know, rape and a lot of crazy stuff that happened. So I've been in therapy for 20 years and you know, being isolated is not good for somebody suffering from mental health issues. You know, it's really hard.
Yeah, but I'm
a survivor, you know and whatever one of the statistics because as you probably know a lot of women, they don't make it when they're in a domestic violence situation. I don't know if you heard that woman in colorado, she was pregnant
and this guy Cheney wa you know, if I followed this, her face, there's a facebook group that discusses the case because I'm like that guy because he had a mistress. So he killed her like a cheap with her kids.
Like
to me that's the most evil thing. I don't believe in the death penalty. But when it comes to something
like that, I don't know. That's Yeah.
And if you look at it and it got me sick watching the documentary on it because I'm a mom and
not even
if you're a mom, I mean
just have a heart like
that's
and he wasn't his
horrible looking like just a person like evil if they were that was it,
they work.
Yeah. I don't think he's looking
at all.
I
mean I don't know that's my opinion. I'm like oh
no
you know who I thought was good looking. But he was also obviously a murderer. The one that the woman that was pregnant. Peterson scott Peterson,
we
have a little looking fight but he was oh my gosh and then supposedly you know to me this case is a little similar except
you know and and supposedly somebody met him up while he was in jail and I think he got married in jail supposedly. I don't know something like that. This is sick. It's sick. But anyway I remember again
I'm so sorry I
forgot your
name. Andy
oh I love your name.
That's so basic. So Susan is my, not my given name, Jonah is my given name. My parents never changed it so Zhuzhou A. N. N. A. But because we Susan
but it's great meeting you. You're amazing person.
Are you positive?
so
I will. Okay definitely. Good luck with you and stay safe. Help your family safe,
enjoy
your holiday.