body
Good, how are you doing?
Good, good, good, can you hear me okay?
Yes, I can, awesome. Okay,
so to meet you, is this your first
time
doing
one of these or have you done them before?
Me too?
Yeah, me too. It's just like, Okay, just have a random conversation with somebody for, you know, 25 minutes and get a little extra money, so why not?
that, yep,
I'm from Illinois. What about you?
What?
Oh wow. Okay, so it's 1:00 over there right here soon.
I
Hey, that's awesome. Yeah, the crazy date.
No, and it's getting like worse every single day, so now the governor is like trying to put all these restrictions back on us. I mean luckily I'm still working and work, I'm working from home like four out of five days a week I go in. But yeah, if we keep going this direction, I'm worried that everything is going to be shut down again because we were shut down for a while, so
it's
it's scary.
Maybe.
What?
horrible.
It's yeah, I think we're at 8% right now, eight or 9 1%, so we are very high,
I don't have any Children myself, but I have a lot of friends and family members who have kids and they're getting pulled out of the school, most schools are doing all the learning, they don't even have um schools open, so
um they're they're doing it with restaurants and stuff, you are not allowed to eat inside of a restaurant if you do, you have to like sit outside and I think there's like a limit of four or six people per table. But um
there
that's yeah, this is crazy, It's it's a little creepy everything. And then
I work, I am a financial analyst for manufacturing company. Yeah. So
I love it. I've been doing it for
like
five
years.
No,
no.
Yeah.
Album.
That's
amazing.
wow, that's incredible. That's, I mean that's so helpful to people. But yeah, you're right right now. It's, it's really challenging because you can't be around people.
Uh
What?
But
no, so they, so where I live is like a suburb area.
So I live, I live by like corn fields and stuff, but if I drive maybe 45 minutes to an hour, I'm in like the heart of downtown Chicago. Mm
Yeah.
So lots of buildings, lots of traffic and people. but even that has changed so much because of the pandemic, like you could drive anywhere right now and you really won't be caught in a whole bunch of traffic because most people are at home, yep.
I'm,
What?
Not
at
all, no.
that's okay.
All
strikes.
me too.
What?
And
no.
So
you
should be good.
Ooh,
yes, I love it. I absolutely
love it.
All of them
have a she's not closed here.
No,
that's
incredible.
The Chicago, yes, Chicago style pizza.
All
right, Yes, it's very good. I think so. I've had pizza from other States and I have never had anything like they'll say oh no it Chicago style. No it's not no not at all
no.
I've been to florida I've been to my surrounding states so like was at Ohio indiana um where else have I gone Kentucky I've been but not I've never been to new york. I've never been to California. I've always wanted to go to like texas I've never
ever
wrote.
that would
be amazing.
Yeah it's never too late. I mean my mom my mom had me when she was she was 40 when she had me. So now she's She's 73. Um and so
and she's never gone anywhere like when I was we never traveled never did anything. So now she's at that point in her life where she's like what do you think about Vegas? Like do you wanna she's more for the lights like she wants to go see all the light. I'm like, you know
what
mom
I'm like if you want to go let's go. So oh bed we can't right now. But
now we will.
Oh I'm sorry.
what?
all
Yeah.
I
don't
and
that's what
I would be too. Oh
all
Why?
I don't blame him. But that's that's scary. But it's like if you go before you go anywhere you hear somebody coughing. I mean
to me
your
first
response is like
quick.
Good.
Uh huh.
Thank you. I wish I knew that. Like well I worry about my mom because like you know I could be carrying it you know if I go to a store or go like I don't know and I mean I feel great I feel that I have nothing going on right now, you never know and somebody like
that
has.
That's so weird.
well,
It's
and
oh that's sad. Yeah I only know one person who passed from it and it was
your mind.
He so years ago at my old company we were pretty close but he had so underlying issues and 37 years old. Um but like you just said it was extremely overweight and had you know a
lot.
So unfortunately that got him kind of early on, it was back in april I want to say uh you know at the start of this whole pandemic um over here really? So uh but yeah it's crazy, it really
is.
But you never know. Oh
my heck I was like wait I didn't lose her, did I?
I didn't
even
do
anything.
What?
I
know.
Oh god, I'm so sorry,
where?
Thank you I got them from coles, I don't know if you if
I know,
it's so
weird,
everything's
up
mine
me too, I am both the exact
my God, I love Burlington's.
deep
do you guys have ross
dress
with you?
My
mom
it was
yes, I go there all of the time and they have so many now they've built like so many in Illinois, it's everywhere. I'm like,
my
mom used to work
there.
She
did, yep.
Oh my God. Yes. Yeah, every day I'd be like waiting for her by the door, like what you get today,
We have a
small,
we have a small family and unfortunately most of my family is older, so I've got 73, she has a twin sister who is 73 as well and And then an uncle who's almost 80 and then cousins who are in their fifties. So I'm the only like younger one of the family, so it's only think about eight of us that will get together um Probably at my aunt's house, I think we're still going to do it, but I'm, I'm not sure. So I,
no, I have not and I think I want to be beforehand just in case. Okay.
Does
it hurt?
powerful.
I'm gonna
look.
Yeah. And do, yeah, I'll have to see. I mean, I'm assuming it's free or at least affordable. I have
insurance.
I shared.
I saw one at a pharmacy. They have a, I'm like, that was weird. You had to go into different lanes and like picking up prescriptions one day. So I'm in one lane and then the next line it says for Covid testing only and I'm like, oh, okay.
But
no.
Right. Well, hey, it can't hurt, you know, better safe than sorry.
I mean it's in a what, two weeks or so? Yeah, I think it's from tomorrow. So if I do it within the next week, the results come back in a few days. I mean I think I'll be
I'm
touching
people
immediately.
Yeah it can.
No.
No.
Yeah she's still doing doctors, she's still because she has high blood pressure. Uh So that's
so that's really all, that's
her only underlying condition that she has. Um But she still has to be careful her next appointment at the doctors and until december, so she's got some time to stay home. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean
we've
had really good weather so she's been outside like in the backyard decorating the yard and you know, plants and stuff like that. I'm like well almost
with
the cold's coming they it was in the seventies for the past five days over here and today it's 30 something 30
it stunk and last night we had some crazy storms because of it. Yeah the wind and like
the wind
and the
rain
was insane. Uh huh.
Yes. Yeah, it's probably
on
its way. Right?
What
you are?
I don't think so. I had a conversation before um with one lady who, I mean the entire conversation, she just kept dropping out. Um and I mean we ended up stopping talking at like it was 12, I want to say it was pretty much 20 minutes, like 25 minutes on the dot and it was fine that I mean we had no issues with getting the
this
is
overall I've been doing, I've been doing these conversations for maybe, wow, I mean maybe six months, so this is probably
seven through my eighth. Somewhere around there.
Yeah, Yes, I have very from very different walks of life too, you know when it first started, it was only men and I'm like why only talking to guys? Every single one was a guy? And the first time I got a lady, I was like oh my God, I was so excited. Um it was
like,
I didn't know, I didn't know what the whole motive was. You know, it's like, it's kind of weird where it's like, oh me talk to a random stranger for 25 minutes about anything you guys want to talk about and I mean I think it's more because of the covid situation and everyone being at home and I mean a lot of people are missing out on life, on family, on friends,
right, right, so I'm thinking that's probably a big premise and portion of why they started doing this.
my God, I'm
sorry.
No,
what?
thank
you.
that's
you,
Yes, Shannon Watts,
it's
terrible.
that's
that's absolutely
I don't
know
Children,
I
mean right, they have their whole life ahead of him, he just treated them like they were dirt, you know?
Whoa.
Yeah and girls were losing their mind over him, they were like
he's so good. They were writing him letters in jail about how good looking he is.
I don't either,
I don't
either,
no, he's
that's uh
yes, I can see
that.
No.
Thank
you.
Candy.
What?
Thank you.
well
Youtube is the great
and hey, I might
see you on here again sometime.
Thank you. You
too.
You too, bye Well.