Yeah. Mm hmm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. So yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm, mm hmm, wow. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh, mm. All right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah.
Hello? Can you hear me?
Yeah, I can hear you. Glad. Glad we're able to. Um Yeah,
no, I've done this like three other times I think. Have
you?
Oh, nice. Nice, cool.
I was still going to work.
Gotcha. Yeah. Um I was once like not in front of my computer and I was somewhere else and I was like in my car and I was trying to do it and It was like really hot that day so my phone started to overheat and so it wouldn't work. So
then luckily the guy that I was on the other end, he was pretty um understanding. So he was willing to wait like 2030 minutes for me to drive home. And then so.
Yeah. Yeah.
Listen
east coast I guess. Specifically um Northern Virginia.
cool. That's nice. Nice. Yeah. Are
you like um in which side of Chicago? Like
north side? Gotcha? I've only uh passed by through the airports I guess. I've never really been like I've been a I've been tempted to though because I wanted to try the deep dish pizza.
Do you say? Who knows?
Is that the chain?
Yeah. Yeah, I tried to change once and it was so disappointing and I was like because it was ironically enough this particular franchisor location of you knows um near where I live. Um There is a like a radio announcer or whatever I guess radio DJ. He put them on blast because their services so bad and the pizza was great and so then like a bunch of people just wouldn't go there and their business
was dying, but I don't know.
Yeah, I'll
be sure to try that next time I'm in Chicago, I
don't
know when that will
be.
I so
oh yeah, so I think like there's a pizza deep dish pizza place like 20 minutes from the airport that you can get to buy whatever the public transportation is, because I was like trying to figure out logistics once when I had a layover but I
I was like not going to swing it because of uh just in case I would like MS coming back through so
uh sort of so I'm what was called a um so I was like born in America, was born in Virginia and then uh my parents shipped me off to live, my grandparents in china. Yeah.
it
was
so it's called the phrase called a satellite baby. Um It happens in like some parts of the coast typically where like there's chinese immigrants, um actually other asian immigrants as well. But uh my parents, they worked in the restaurant industry when they immigrated and um they just didn't like because of the long hours they work they and then like um my grandparents were in china and like they just need to help, you know, raising because of the long hours I put in. Um So I guess when I was like almost one or something that's when they showed me off and then it came back when I was like four or five years old. Yeah.
Uh Well I mean I was so young. It was like, I don't, no if
I entirely
remember my brother was uh to my brother is two years older than me, so he went when he was three, but I'm actually a little child, so it's kind of that's more difficult I think than anything like. Yeah
well like so I have a little sister and uh I guess you know she's the youngest and everything but she never she was never a satellite baby um when she was born in America also and she basically stayed here like uh other than like you know going for trips and stuff to china. But uh yeah so like um when I went to china, my my grandmother, she said I was her favorite or whatever and but then um my like there is a certain bond between I guess like a parent in their firstborn, so I mean that's what I've learned from studying
psychology and
stuff like
that.
Nice. Yeah and then
the youngest born as well, so in psychology normally whenever you have an odd number of kids, specifically three, the middle child
gets
neglected. It's like such a common thing. Um That's why I've like make sure like in my mind I'm never going to have a odd number of Children like that.
Yeah. I think there's uh the ironic thing is like, so I think it was a big driving factor for um how I guess ultimately quote unquote successful I become as a result of it because
like just uh growing up, I always had kind of like a chip on my shoulder in a weird way.
Um because uh I don't know if you would call it toxic whatever my parents, they kind of pit us against each other in sort of like competition a lot. That's
not
it's not super healthy. Um My uncles and aunts and um so my uncle, who was my dad's older brother, he has a son that went to Harvard and then his son ended up becoming a hedge fund manager and makes like millions of dollars every year. And then, so I
don't know, it's like not a very healthy thing, but my my my dad's siblings, they all or specifically my uncle, my dad's oldest brother, he'll he would always call my dad and then like brag about his son and saying, so what is your son done for you lately? And
it's just like, it's kind of, it's like a cultural thing, I don't know, but I'm not really too keen on it.
Yeah. Um I don't know, like it's not necessarily a bad relationship I have with my parents as more, I mean where we get along because like after my myself, my sister, my brother every graduated and we can make a living and everything um like my parents kind of eased up a lot more. Um but before it was just like constant, just berating us if we didn't do as well and stuff like that, there's a lot of pressure, but you know, but
that's a
that's a lot about me. Um So you said you have a younger sister and a younger brother? Okay.
Yeah, it's weird. I think like it's every generation that ends up having kids, I think they probably do a little bit better each time. Um
So do you
have kids or?
No, no. How old do you think? I'm just gonna,
I
mean
I'm
just, I'm just putting out there. Uh huh.
Actually I am 30, but how
are
you?
see, pretty
young, but Oh
Yeah.
I don't know. Um you know, it's like I, so I could have kids. I'm in a position to where I could, it's just like I think it's almost like um so I'm single, I think it's almost like a hopeless endeavor for me to try to find someone to be
with the word way. Yeah. I don't know.
I don't know. Maybe especially in the United States, I feel like uh just the way people communicate isn't very conducive to developing like relationship. Um and it's very difficult because like um so my brother, he's brought home like his girlfriend to me and my parents and my parents like they'll talk behind like directly in front of her, you know in different language or whatever, like in a pejorative way and this is like I don't want to expose anybody that also. So
I don't know.
I've got also about
something kind of like a hobby or something almost. Um, it's called the Fire Movement, have you ever heard of it?
No, so it stands for financial independence retirement early.
Yeah, so the idea is basically just a stack cash or whatever, I guess, and until you can kind of comfortably live what's called an intentional life, as they say, it was like, if I think about it, right? So I have a boss, I'm not like an entrepreneur or whatever and you know, they can't entirely say that I couldn't live in intentional life because there's always a fear of, you know, whatever with my employment, but I mean, it's not like a, like a big fear because like, I'm not doing anything crazy, you know? Um, but I learned the concept of living an intentional life, like from this guy who it was part of the fire movement, right? Um about I guess like, you know, not having to have a boss and that's one of the reasons why people come entrepreneurs but not having to work because you need to know where your next meal is coming from or pay the
bills and stuff like that, so
I mean
I'm
I'm uh I guess like slightly a proponent of universal basic income in that capacity. Uh huh
Brand.
Yeah. But the thing is like the redistribution of like money from like wealthy people to less fortunate is kind of like a weird thing to me, like I'm not
it's not because I have any thoughts about maybe becoming stupid rich or anything, it's just um so I I grew up in like a small town and I watched a lot of people just throw their lives away. Um in my town there are people that became like meth addicts And um you know, they ended up having kids at the age of 15 and 16. It's something and you know, I have empathy
for them, but it's partially because of their um parents, I guess enabling them. Like I'm not saying they have a bad parents per se, but it's sort of just their parents didn't really know, I mean my parents, they weren't the best parents, but um I guess in a weird way it's it's a cultural thing, Have you have you ever heard of a book called Guns, Germs and Steel?
It's by an author named Jared Diamond. And in it it's basically like uh a series of different um kind of bits of research that he did as far as why certain regions are more in the world are better than others from a resource standpoint and then how it leads to certain decisions made today. Um like uh there was some research done on like papa new guinea and available resources and then how like um when the settlers came to America and colonial eyes and everything, how they brought germs and that if it wasn't for the germs they wouldn't like America probably wouldn't be what it is today condition with the gunpowder, which gunpowder came from china originally. So it's just a bunch of different kind of coalescing things that led to the way things are. And after I read that book it kind of seems to be like uh huh not necessarily that people should intervene or they should, they should or shouldn't, it's sort of like um you need to put more deliberation into where resources go and and how to enable people to live their life in a better way, I think.
Duke.
I
No.
100%.
I was reading this article today, I think it was like on Forbes or something like that, but it was basically saying like these biological anthropologists, they were saying like so like depression pTSD and different things like that. Um there's no genetic or inherited aspects to those things. So they said that they shouldn't be called disorders. They
their argument was that those things are responses to stress. Um
So I
I was in a like um 2-year relationship a couple of years ago with this woman and um she took like antidepressants like consistently and like I didn't want to like I was kind of explaining my viewpoint because I I used to be depressed also, but it was like sort of I never took anything because my thought process was that um I just didn't like to know that because I I've been in like full control before, you know, of so I went in this kind of like spiral when I was in college and um I just started reading a lot of books because
I was just I didn't I wasn't sure about drugs because it was something like that. Um Yeah, I heard a lot of like bad stories about as far as people taking drugs uh for like, you know, psychological things and like the concept of taking an exogenous chemical and then introducing it to your mind, which has like a self regulating aspect to it. It just didn't seem like that would be the best move for me. So I ended up just reading a lot of philosophy, I went down this road where read way too much creek and stoic philosophy and that really it kind of ruined me a little bit because like I had this kind of hard time like with experiencing things after I studied like stoic philosophy because effectively it would keep me kind of like really centered and so I wouldn't have really high highs are really low lows per se because I would kind of approach the way I view things on a very, very low expectations that way, if their tremendously bad, I wouldn't be too surprised, but so I wouldn't face any amount of uncertainty, but
if
it was really good then it would just bring me up a little bit so I wouldn't be able to experience the highest highs, but it was kind of like a defense mechanism, more or less um studying that philosophy and trying to help me orient my way through college and stuff. Um
Yeah, but I ended up um kind of just exercising a lot to maybe excessively so um and yeah, I do I don't I don't want to tell her like that effectively, you know, this worked for me, mike and his work for you, but so like there are definitely people I think that needed that need, you know, um antidepressants and stuff like that, but part of me thinks it's because once they've introduced that exogenous chemical in um they develop a response a reactive like um kind of need for it as a result when if they had rights stimuli to begin with to uh combat, you know, whatever kind of initial, you know, symptoms if you will, then they wouldn't need this because like, a big thing, I think in a lot of Western medicine is treating symptoms instead of the cause, which
is kind of like what you said. So Yeah,
one of
the things like that and this isn't so they, you know, have you heard of the actor keanu Reeves? Yeah. Like he's everybody's favorite person on the internet. Everything. Well, if you've ever heard of like his kind of like background and the kind of things he went through, he said, I don't need to be happy to live a good life. And when I heard that, it kind of resonated with me a little bit because it's like, you know, I'm you can be kind of like content, you know, and you don't have to be like, up here, you can just be right
here. So that, and like the idea that there are peaks and valleys, right? And sometimes like the valley's might just last a very long amount of time and you just have to kind of take it and and then like, and you can always obviously, you know, adjust as you need and change your, like you point, but you need to let those, those valleys occur because if you don't then you're going like especially taking, taking things like antidepressants and things like that to combat it. It's its development a I think a kind of like dependency um to manage
those,
those
those
valleys and then, but yeah, there's just some crazy theories like that, so.
brian.
But yeah, I think there, I mean there are definitely some people that it's too far gone I think in terms of the chemical dependencies they've developed um so it would be hazardous to their health if
they didn't take it. So.
No.
I think like I read somewhere once this quote from somebody said like the difference between depression and just having a lot of bad days is you can be really successful have depression, whereas um you can have a lot of bad days and just be sad or something like that. I think that maybe that's how it went, but um when I was
in college
and I
had depression, I wasn't doing that great. So we're when I thought that I had depression, I wasn't doing that great. It was just a very like long amount of just um sad days, I guess. Um primarily because I wanted to go to a different school, but my parents wouldn't let me go to that school because they said they expected more for me, so I went
to the school where I didn't belong at all because but I kind of just got in my way through it because there weren't that many people like me, not asian people, but sort of like small town people. Um Like I was the only one for my school that went to the school and everybody else. It just seemed like we were so different socio economically that I couldn't relate. No. Um And I just wasn't, the weird thing is the town that I'm originally from, where I was raised after it came back to America. Um I feel like it's kind of, it's such a small tight knit community that it's sort of like a bubble compared to like places beyond because um it's a little bit rural, It was like the population of like 6000 people. Yeah.
Well no, I didn't, I, when I like Leaving that small town, I didn't feel that comfortable um initially going to this, you know, big school and everything because the school was basically like 4-5 times the size of my town. Um And there's just like, I didn't have such an exposure to people of various socioeconomic backgrounds.
Yeah. I mean, it's it's all in the past. So, you know, I've
uh can I think like, the weird thing is when I was, I think like second grade or something, I ran away from home and then I came back because it was raining and uh, I came back, it was raining. I need to use the restroom. And uh, so like, I remember thinking I set out, I set this goal to become like financially independent. And the weird thing is like From 2nd grade on like third grade on like every after every single grade, every single year, I just count down the years to when I would graduate college, even though they were so far away in the hopes that I would get a job and everything. And then once the weird thing is once I got that job and I was able to support myself, like I felt kind of like empty and I needed something new because like I've already, because it was like something that I was, it's a very weird thing. I don't think kids set out a goal like that. Um Yeah.
or less like a a north star or something. I don't know to like guide me. But yeah. Yeah. I needed like new motivation I think at that point because like from that, because that was like one big thing that I wanted to accomplish because um my parents would kind of guilt trip me like if I didn't
do that well they would say um you know why why should I spend money on you? And different things like that is just kind of like, it's a little bit ruthless to be honest, but, you know.
Yeah. Like when they told me that like, I I had this weird habit where I didn't want to ask them for anything, because so every
year when there was like a new list of school supplies you need to get, um I would just try to use the old ones because I don't want to ask them, because then they would guilt trip me if I didn't do well. And they would say, why do I spend money on you if you
were doing so poorly in school?
Yeah. And um Yeah, it's like when I went to college to was like I said, I had a very big chip on my shoulder because my uncle, my my father's like brother, his older brother also said, I don't think you can get into that school. And then like it's uh and my mom was like, I don't think you get in your test scores are too low. So I ended up taking the S. A. T. S like six times.
And then
when I was in, when I was in college, I didn't do so well, my major, so my professor said, I think you should just drop out because I don't think you're gonna graduate.
So
I ended
up,
oh, I ended up like taking summer school every single year. And
then
I graduated.
Yeah and I majored
what you told me not to do. Not too.
But
I well the thing is it's like all these kind of compounding, like I experience a lot of depression, like during all these years were
just
an extremely
large
amount
of sadness and like I just like so I remember like after I graduated like my parents came to pick me up and they were with my siblings and I said you better have all your stuff packed up by the time we get there and I'm like okay and then like on my on the way home they're like we're going to go T. J. Maxx and I'm like ok and they didn't even ask me if I wanted anything and then so I just sat in the car and I was like there is a sense of relief I think from finally you know finishing school and having all the initial expectations be over from the last decade plus. So I
just like started crying everything just by
myself in the in the car while they were
in
T. J. Maxx and then when they came back they didn't know because I was like takes my face. But um. Yeah.
that's
why I
listen
to
I I used
to listen a lot of like blues and like gangster rap I guess. Like that's why I like when Nipsey hustle if you ever heard of that wrapper, So he's a rapper that got shot. But basically like I can listen to his lyrics and kind of just like relate to them because um it's just about like the struggle of growing up particular way and I don't know, it just kind of resonated with me but what
else?
Thank
you.
I
appreciate
it.
Yeah. Uh I mean it's it's um like you know I'm not I'm not like Malala or whatever right? The girl who got shot
in the head and lots of school so you know it's like
Yeah
it's um I feel like people underestimate their potential lot as long as they have a there they have all their limbs or something. I don't know if they're sound body and mind to
an extent.
Um They just put like some level of focus into whatever they want to accomplish. I think they can do it. Um Which is really disappointing like when people that I've grown up with you know end up overdosing on drugs and then they like I'm hoping to see their status updates all the time on facebook on how like they're struggling so much and like we were in the same classes like my school didn't have like a p courses so it's just like it's really disappointing and just kind of but a little bit disheartening that you know they weren't able to kind of get where I am. But what else?
Well
I do remember this one guy who was going to get a football scholarship but then would end up happening was like uh he stayed behind the town because of his girlfriend or something who ended up leaving him and cheating on him. And uh
and then so he basically threw away that scholarship and um he ended up working in the factory and then the factory closed down and now he's got like three kids, some other woman and he's like working in a like minimum wage shop.
I
mean it's it's not uncommon across America I think a lot of people.
No.
So like or the other conversations that you've had like
kind of just like
through a lot because I don't know have a tendency to ramble to strangers, but I don't know.
How
ironic.
I don't know, I'm pretty well adjusted right now, so
I don't know,
well
I've like I don't really interact with people that much typically, so it's like well I have roommates and everything but but we all have our own well there, I guess there are a lot kind of introverted and I am in a way, but I do like conversing with people, but when I do I have bad Tennessee is just like kind of ramble on because I haven't spoken in a while.
I
think I maybe I overthink things in a weird way like because I so when I was like my uh part of my defense mechanism I think like to help me survive as long as I have just absorbing information and figuring out how to process it and I think like um like it just, I just like constantly have like 100 things going on my mind when I'm thinking sometimes just randomly just a lot of introspection, which is not not the best thing I think sometimes, but you know.
No.
Well, one of my uh, one of my friends actually, she's also a therapist, but I think she's like a marriage counselor also or something that she's, there's a lot of the zoom calls I guess with her patients. Um I guess because she has to um because of the covid thing and everything. So are you getting like a lot of patients?
Uh No, I didn't actually uh well,
I'm in I'm in consulting. Yeah.
Oh, you want job?
I mean,
I don't know.
I mean maybe there should be a market for like mail, phone sex workers, who knows? But I don't think there
is. But you know, it's a
Yeah, that's the unfortunate thing. Right. Well, if you weren't gay I guess, but you know, have
you heard of like
the um like the trend? I don't know if it's trend per se, but have you heard of something called Only Fans? Oh, yeah. Well also like um it's it's primarily, you know, like there's a more heterosexual aspect to it, more so from a marketing standpoint than like um actually, I was reading this article today about how only fans really picked up during coded and
Yeah. But it's also kind of interesting to me too because it's like obviously, you know, there's plenty of porn on the on the internet for free and everything was like, what? I think people really want that like connection, you know, like.
yeah,
for
There's like
random people that, I mean they're they're like export stars or whatever that went on to like only fans, but then they're like random women that, you know, nobody's ever heard of that are making like many hundreds, many six figures like for a year.
have
friends
that do it? Oh,
well,
why not?
I mean, I don't like just like back to kind of like the way I feel like I kind of view the world or whatever as far as just it is what it is. Like, I don't have like any kind of, you know, resentment towards people that do that sort of thing. I'm pretty sex positive I guess for the most part, um it's weird to me that there are men that resent women for having the ability to do that, but because it's like, you know, the world is what it is like, like I'm in online dating right? As an asian man, I can't get that many people to be interested. But you know, it's um it's, you know, it's for whatever. I mean what people find attractive, you know, it is what it is.
I agree.
Unfortunately right now it's like not
too easy
to do.
But I mean also
I think like so, but like I said this in this kind of like companies, social media that I was on once was like I said, uh people find themselves, like there's compared to the way to be compatible is when two people are finally realized there, they're unselfish enough to change their schedules to make time for each other. That's when there's national compatibility because otherwise because it's a lot of people
you know they're just trying to make because like there's this idea that you can just meet up once per week and develop something and I don't really think that's
an ideal thing but people that are like really you know career focus right?
Like they want I mean it's part of like people want everything but they don't have time for everything you know?
No.
Yeah if you've heard of the whole Sheryl Sandberg lean in thing yeah
it's easy because she's super wealthy that she can speak from that experience but like it's also I don't think the best to have like nannies. No.
Yeah.
Anyways
I
think
that I've
rambled enough so yeah
but
it was good talking to you
Well
so
here's
my my view on it is just like if we end up exchanging information just like really how much are we going to talk? Right? I'm sure you have a large social
network.
Oh sorry was that
oh you mean like if there if it's kind of futile futile or whatever to do that uh I mean at least we earn money right? So you know and I'm uh
I'm
well
oh thanks for you to buy