not at all.
Yeah, can you hear me?
problem. Yesterday. I don't know. Who is this the first time you've done this?
Maybe
they think
yesterday was like we had a like troubleshoot for so long. I ended up having to have him call me on my phone. So because we could have the audio and then yeah, it was crazy.
Yeah, I know there are the idea didn't work the entire time, but so we just use our phones and then we need to work.
no.
Oh, that's awesome,
wow.
So where where you look at it at
northern Virginia? Well I think actually talked to one other person from Virginia. I'm in Chicago.
Mhm
The north side.
You have to let me tell you that you can't don't go to Giordano. It's trash. If you if you if you want to get you guys you have to go, who knows? Or laminates,
you know? Yeah. You know?
No, this is the way they won't, they wouldn't Okay, I guess. I don't know entirely the story, but there's basically there's two of them here that are like the original, who knows them Bureau heroes. And then there's like that chain, which is bullshit.
damn.
So that's that's uh that's it's like
so
or
geno
videos
is pretty good too. But yeah, you should definitely go to Chicago bus. Um
I haven't been to Virginia though, so I was there anything that, you know, Is that what were you gonna say?
Well,
yeah, Yeah. So have you always lived in Virginia,
What did they say? How
is
that?
my gosh. I mean how did you feel about all of that? Was it tough for you or
good
time?
Why is that?
I'm
first
four
until yeah, there's,
but
I love
you.
I, you know, it's funny. I study psychology too. But my sister is my younger sister and her brother and my sister is a little child and she's like the same, she says the same thing. You know, it's just like they're always but, but you learn great mediation skills.
The dolphins
ball,
I brought
a little toxic
Hi.
She
yeah, I mean definitely sounds defeating.
Kind
of.
Yeah. My sister lives like at home with, my parents still want to move back in with the prosthetic head. Um My parents are also kind of toxic but in different ways. Um Yeah, so.
sure, definitely. But
like
no, no, no, look at three. Um I'm good on that. I don't know. I like studying intergenerational trauma though. Um So yeah. Really? I think it's kind of fascinating the wig especially looking at like like kind of like a cultural level like um you know just how things like even like what's going on without covid, I'm sure like that's gonna have such uh you know, just such an effect like down the line even. And anyways. Yeah. But do you like it?
I
don't
like
I
mean you're definitely like in your 20's. So that's what you're
Well,
I'm
33. No,
it's not
video. Yeah.
No, I'm good. I don't know. I don't think I want kids. I'm afraid. I'll just fuck them up. Yeah. Do you want it eventually?
All
What? Okay. I'm not gonna push it because I don't like make you uncomfortable but little fly. What would you say that?
But you know what? Everyone's parents are crazy and everyone has to expose their parents. You know they're whatever significant other to their crazy parents. So I don't want you back and don't give up. There's absolutely
well
I don't like you.
No, it's up.
Oh yes. Yes it is to have a that's kind of cool.
For
definitely. I mean I think because ideal I wish our society was structured more so that um you know people could live more like that. That sucks that it isn't. But
for you
that's awesome.
Absolutely. Yeah. I I think that's such a good idea. Especially as cities become as as we get more and more able to land technology
to get things done like there's going to be less jobs and so yeah, every like people should have to worry about like we have, we have enough where we're like at a point where it's just in our, you know, whatever in time I guess that everyone should be fine, everyone said their basic needs met and then you know, if you want more over there
joy.
You
No.
Yeah, I think I haven't heard of that book for, I mean that's sort of really interesting ideas. Um Yeah, basically what I've been studying recently, I I do think it's important to look at things for more like a system level. So
like I think there's some overlap there. Like trying to see things from like a bigger like, like I think we really underappreciate like how much how animalistic we all are and how much of it like, you know, like okay if you were trying to say uh
I look at people
like cells in your body. Like if you had to sell that were like that became cancerous. You wouldn't just kill the salary and just punish them. Like you would look at the environment which contributed to the development of the cancer, right? And I feel like within our society we don't do that. Like we just target the individual
and say okay well your on your bad are you doing you're not living life instead of like what is the environment in which that person produced that the environment that produced that person like and if you put anyone in that position could they have turned out any better? Like I don't think so.
Well
Yeah,
that makes sense. Sorry.
No.
Thank
you.
it sounds like you needed something to like ground you or did you feel like you can have some control?
for
I think, I don't think you're kind of on to something because I think, well he's especially with depression in particular, it's I look at it as like sometimes you can get because of what you've been exposed to your brain, like kind of, you can be so off that you kind of need something to like get into a level, but then you can actually make the changes that you need, but then you need to get off the medication. So,
but
for
You're
definitely, definitely
can. I
think you're right.
No, I think you're, I think you're I think there is a there is a definitely a danger there for that. Like I don't think it should be something that people like come to rely on. Like if it's a tool to help you get to a place where you can then actually take more control of your lives have been great. But if it's something that is, it becomes a crutch, then yeah, that doesn't sound good either because you're right. I mean, I think the like the discomfort is meant to motivate you, right? It's supposed to, you know, it's supposed to, you know, uh need to change, that's
why it's there. So um yeah, being just numbing yourself to it, obviously you're gonna like lose that motivation to do something and we need to be done. So I think you're definitely understanding that uh Yeah.
Miriam.
Yeah, you're living and I guess you just have to wean off. But I mean it would be difficult and they would need to do, they would need a lot of the help. I think from like a professional, like they would need to be in therapy. You know what I mean? That would need a lot of others like to get
off of it for sure. But
We
need
to.
Well,
you feel you feel more comfortable there or you were saying that?
Yeah. I mean I think not fitting in this or not being able to find a cure place where you feel like you fit in is one of the worst things. I think people are constantly struggling. You know, even if you think if life gets tough for you, if you feel like you have uh you know some connection, some support or you know and you're like I feel like I can be like monumental and changing art in maintaining your like outlook but that was the Farnsworth tough
No.
it's kind of, I mean it's cool but you felt like you lost that that that guide I guess like that
we're willing.
I can see the intention behind a big out she loved. Uh
So
No.
my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Every
no.
So
what did you
do?
And
you
did it?
I just got home.
That's so fucking
bad ass.
and
you overcame all of that?
Who is
that
dude?
Again
one.
or
something
Oh thank you. I mean that's the particular culmination. This is sort of a climax of all of this pressure and all of those things that you carried it through and gone through and like, but you still did it and no one gave you the credit for it. Oh my God, I can't like you battled all of that pressure, all that depression all
the
time.
Like
all
what?
definitely
found that at least. But honestly like who see your to become overcoming all of that. Like you should be so proud of yourself. You can do
anything.
There's nothing you can't like if you could do all of that like there's nothing you can't do. I don't know
if
that's kind of bad
us long.
well
you don't have to, you know, be a bad
mm.
The house
sale.
It's very sad. Yeah. I wonder what they missed or what they didn't have that that you know We kept them from being able to our
2%.
twist Joyce.
Oh that's so sad that that the depressing
story.
yeah. I know. I know that a lot of people in my hometown. Yeah. For sure. I tried to set several supplement as much
as possible like so I don't know exactly the details but I don't have yeah, it's very sad. Mhm.
You
know
I am a therapist so I'd like to speak that it was you know
me
pulling out of you.
I
was like I was that was my
impression actually.
I was just thinking because it's just like you get excited. I did the same thing actually honestly. Because I mean right now I've been so much isolated with everything going on. So much so that like I wanted to have friends like you know like throwing up. I mean but but but I mean you seem very like socially a dog so I think they need
to just
You know, I think everything is just how you wield it right? Like you know your greatest strength is also always going to be the source of your weakness. You know, you've got to be a moderation and learn how to to you know, to balance that. Like let's see. Yeah, it's an example. Um like I'm very like like creative and adaptive but at the same time I can make that can make me be unreliable and inconsistent. So like you know it just, I don't know. I start I really like carl young. I don't be afraid of him. Like the psychologist, he
always talks about like your shadow side and like the more you try to repress it, the more it comes out. And like I very much appreciate that at that notion of like there's it's not necessarily bad parts of you, but it's just the other thought. It's the other side of the coin and like one can't exist without the other. And so you have to be like aware of it and you have to learn how to, you know, make room for it and also compensate for it, I guess exclusion.
Um I have complications that I had but I haven't been a really good new patients. So I'm looking for a new job right now. Because I have a ton of research experience. I'm gonna probably go more down that road. Yeah. Um We'll see what happens. But what if you didn't see what you don't forget
how I have to. Mhm.
I wasn't a phone sex worker, but
Oh. Touche. My friend didn't say
so. Just because you like to have that every second
you avoided the topic. Anyways. Bad joke. Okay.
I mean,
I mean if you're okay, I'm talking to gate is he'd be fine.
I
have.
Actually, there's another one called many bids that I think of it.
Yeah, they do. They do. And it's like, but they're just so many people, other insects is just so like everyone wants it. But yeah, I think that being able to have that like personalization and like have that connection and like have it be someone that like not everyone like, you know you know I don't know there's a
time
of compared
to it.
that may have friends that make around two grand a month doing
that
shit.
many
of its
not, not not only then but many of its it's the same thing.
and it's just like I don't know it's just a major caveat to only getting in because it's just like really superficial and there's just so much and how do you sort through and so I don't know the thing that I feel like I mean I've messed around with that stuff and not really, I mean it's for me it's like a fun social experiment but but like for me I think the best way to meet people is like I have a hobby, go out, do stuff like you
have to go and meet people like that, like that's how I've Yeah,
but
they already,
what are you gonna do for sure?
Of course.
Good.
What?
I say
Right. No, you don't. You have to, yeah, you have two priority areas in me. Yeah. Mm I've never been that ambitious and I guess I don't hang around that right many ambitious people. So I mean now that they're not successful but just not very ambitious
though, I've never, I'm not seeing many people should always like hard finding about at the time, but, but I mean certainly, yeah, we do.
Yeah, definitely. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean that's very much like the white open feminism, like a completely ignoring the fact that you have to like rely on the impression of like other Yeah, totally, totally. Yeah,
you can. Yeah. No. Anyways,
Well it was awesome talking to
you.
I think
we're way over.
Well, no,
no.
Okay. I have a question like I always wanted to exchange information with these people and no one seems like I was like afraid to like even ask and anyone that's like that I
don't know
like
I have
probably
I mean, but I don't know the way I look at like I love connections and I have a multi issues but then I will leave it at that. You have you've answered my question. I think
you've answered my question so obviously with the back.
because very military interview. Well it was lovely meeting you and talking
to you. It's been cool and
good luck in your future endeavors.
But.