Hi,
I'm
Emma
to meet you.
Pretty good, busy
work day. But
So you're working
out in the world,
What do you do?
Oh of course
Crockett. Yeah.
That's awesome. I work with students with disabilities and so I know a few with service dogs too. Yeah because.
Yeah, that's really cool.
Um I mean kind
of on and off busy um We have a newer employee on our team um and so she's I mean she started at the beginning of semester, we work at a university but we're working from home. Um So it's just it was just a super busy time to train someone, so we're like
it's really busy so yeah it's good to have helped but also it's hard to train someone and do everything else
at
this time. Um So we feel like she's catching on pretty quickly and
she's being student meetings on her own and um kind of right now we're in sort of catch up mode for um A lot of students have requests for like alternate format their textbooks so that yeah, listen to them that are having individually read and it's at the point where we can't easily find the rest of the like textbooks that have been requested. So we have to that the publisher's website and
yeah, so it's just kind of tedious work like that right now, just like filling up all my time. But
yeah, it's you know, everything we get a response is as you may have longer wait times for a response because of Covid, I'm like yeah
what?
I'm in Minnesota.
Have not been to pennsylvania.
Yeah, I lived
out east area a couple of years. I lived in Vermont New Hampshire. Uh thought they heard it
do
You have a certain type of dog that you like to either pain or to have as a pet.
No, but sounds cute dogs
from.
I don't, I'm pretty allergic to like animals and Joel. Yeah.
Yeah. So I don't know, maybe a fish one day we'll
see.
Yeah and then like talking out loud won't be as awkward be like I'm talking to the fish. Yeah.
Yeah, mm.
martin, it
hard time to have that happened with like everything that happened
the following month.
And
what kind of dog is he? I can't really see you.
wow. A big one. Mhm.
Yeah. Okay. Uh with that size dog would be
well,
Yeah. Do you live in like an apartment building or a house that has a lot of stairs?
Mhm. Yeah, that would, that would be a lot carrying a big dog up and down
two.
yeah, that's the dream. Mhm.
Um So I live on my own, I'm in downtown Minneapolis and then um my parents and my sister are kind of nearby in suburbs of Minneapolis where all in the same ish area.
And especially right now if how weird everything
is.
Uh it is, it's a little lonely during covid times, but then I hear all the people who are like, I'm so tired of my partner or my kids, but they're in the house all the time. I was like, okay, so I'm good. Oh.
Two.
bought this out of a condo and I um bought it in May. I had already been like searching before all the covid stuff started already in my plans. But yeah, it's like when you pay so much for rent for an apartment, it just feels like that money is going nowhere, but when you own the place you're like, I can make the decisions about. I painted my room, my pain in my bathroom, my destination. Now we're kind of like, I can control stuff that's worth it.
Yeah. Now apartment is ridiculously high.
Right, like a tiny studio.
Yeah. Um when I was like doing the math of figuring out like my mortgage rate and if you live like in a condo or town home, you have association fees because I pay for like the upkeep of the buildings and such and my rent in my apartment, I'm only paying like $100 more per month with my mortgage and my association phase. Like that's how like that math is fine with me, how expect that.
definitely worth it.
Oh that happened with my friend who like loves to keep her like apartment windows open. She likes, you know the fresh air and everything, but she was on opposite schedule so she's trying to go to bed and everyone's being active outside and like you have to work a different shift or close your windows. Like how many people? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't think I would ever be a good teacher because I like, I like kids, you know, seeing them every now and then, but I want to be in a classroom all day with them and I feel like if I explained something and someone didn't get it, I would feel like I would be like what I already explained it, why don't you get I'd be the worst teacher would be so impatient.
You're not like,
Yeah, that, that would be Me too,
called me every day.
What it's like with babies like they're cute. I will hold them, but then when they start crying or they
need to be changed,
hand them off. Yeah.
Mhm. So how'd you get into editing? Mm hmm.
What?
It all worked out
or well. Good. I'm glad at all. Can you get to do photography as well or you? Awesome,
Oh yeah, my colleague's husband is a photographer and does a lot of weddings and their most blueprint thing was a wedding, that he was assured that everything is going to be very covid safe and covid friendly and it was just apparently a mess. And then the whole family
started
not feeling great. So they had to go get covid test. It's just like the things you have to deal with, luckily there, covid free, they
just little fall cold going around. But it's like, yeah, dealing with people. Yeah. Mm.
Yeah. Especially in very high stress things like wedding days.
Yeah. So pet photography sounds like a great idea because animals,
Yeah, stick to pets.
Yeah. Like, like senior pics, senior pictures would be fine because you know, I have a whole wedding. It's like one day of pictures in here now. Well.
And they look cute the whole time. So you just take the whole
time.
fresh.
Yeah, I can see that.
Cats too. Camera shy.
Yeah.
Um So I'm really into like theater and music. Um I was actually in uh like community theater show that was supposed to open in March and then literally the day that we were going to have our first performance, like hours before the city said no, you have to cancel it because cope it. Yeah, that was disappointing. So another thing you could do pictures of is we at least have gotten professional photos taken of our dress rehearsal. So I still have pictures of the show. We just never got to actually perform it for people.
Yeah, it's literally just, we do the show and he walks around and take pictures the whole time.
Yeah. So um there's a theater in Minneapolis, like guthrie and they do a lot of classes, both for youth and for adults. So I signed up to do a few virtual classes for the fall. So that's just been fun to do theater stuff again. It's like, who knows when regular theater is going to come back if ever? Well.
Yeah.
No.
And
Yeah, still sad. Yeah.
Nice. What are you currently on?
Oh, haunting of Bly Manor not one. Yeah,
because
yeah, because before
there was haunting of Hill House, it's like the not sequel, but like
the
same
family. Yeah.
Um No, I heard they were really good and I just need to be in the mood for some, I mean now it's october so this is probably the time to watch them. Um I was watching some old criminal minds yesterday, love criminal minds. Um if you want something like very opposite of horror things, there's a
new netflix show Emily in paris and it's just like, like fluff, it's just fun and funny
and yeah, it was a good pick me up. I needed that. It just came out I think beginning of this month or maybe sex, gender. Um
Yeah, it's this girl from Chicago gets hired to or like her company sends her to paris for a year to work with this company that just like became part of their larger marketing company and while it's in paris and they're eating crescents
and it's just very. Yeah.
Yeah, it's better to have someone else in the house.
How?
and then like you hear every single noise and you're settling.
Mhm. I'm in a very tall building, so luckily I'm like if I do watch something and I'm kind of spooked afterwards, I just like triple check that everything's locked and I'm like okay, no one can come in my window, some on the 30th floor, so
right, Spiderman is
not
here, so, pretty good. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
I do. Um There's I'm in a I'm sort of on the edge of sort of like the taller building so I have an unobstructed view so it's really pretty. It's really nice. You wanna look? Yeah, it's I've been like waiting for it to get really like all of fall colors out there like it's been
like a
little flashes of oranges and browns and stuff. Um But I'm just afraid that like I think our forecast said that next week it's going to start snowing unfortunately. Yeah.
Yeah Tuesday 40% chance. So I'm like but I wanted the fall colors but instead it's just going to go straight
to snow like
all right so let's be bare trees and a bunch of snow and ice. All right.
Um I like I like parts of it. Um I love snow. it's beautiful, it's lovely. I've uh like tubing and skiing and everything. I just don't like when it's on the roads. That's the worst part.
Like if if all of our roads could be those heated roads that we don't have to worry about ice, we don't have to drive around other drivers who like every winter, like what is this? I forgot how to drive in the snow. Did the last year like.
Well
Um
I went to texas for undergrad um and it snowed a couple times a couple times that like iced the strength and everything and people are like things just shut down. They don't know what to do,
what is
this? And I'm like going everywhere, I'm like everything's empty, it's great. I know how to drive in it,
Good.
In like the Upper Valley area of new Hampshire and Vermont, I was saying it
wasn't
too bad. Um One time I made the mistake of driving into boston and then I never did that again forward. No.
Uh Yeah, I'm like there's some sort of public transit and we'll just do that.
Yeah, smart because people that drive in the city all the time are like, it's not too bad here. Like Minneapolis isn't, you know, we're pretty big city, but I feel like, but people know like boston or like new york city, the really big cities standing out east are a little more aggressive.
What?
A. P. I
I've been to san Francisco was a long time ago.
I went in middle school and also was not driving, we were on, I was with a choir and we were on a little tour bus thing in the whole time, so
yeah, you can turn on a movie if you want. Yeah.
All right. Uh Good. Thank goodness. You're breast drivers. I would hate it.
Yeah. And I like to drive fast until I get really annoyed with traffic with this. I went and
and
take the time.
I listen to music in the car and then sing along
Okay. Call it
Yeah, so you're using those teaching skills just in a different way? Yes.
Dollar except
yeah. Right now I'm okay with not doing school because it's just so hard right now I'm like eventually I wanted, you know, like learning stuff.
Mhm Yeah, it's
like, I love reading, but I hated reading what I was assigned to read because it's like, I don't want to read that book, like very contrarian, like let me read what I want to read. Yeah.
Yeah, no, I logged on a minute or so late. But yeah, my little countdown, seeing things as 29 wow,
it's on the previous page, like the one where it's like don't close this page because your thing. Yeah, like okay.
I was too, I'm like, it's going to be some like weirdo or is it someone who doesn't want to talk at all? Hopefully they know they're supposed to talk, I don't know.
Yeah. Well I felt like the conversation went well and obviously talking about dogs is fun because dogs are cute. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I think poodles are one of the like more hypo allergenic um breeds.
I want to try to get all that stuff settled before I commit to a dog because I was bad. So pussy.
What?
Yeah. Like £80. Yeah. That's way too big.
Yeah. That sounds reasonable.
He's just getting big. Yeah,
You too nice to meet
you
You too?