Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For the school, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, this is Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah, that's okay. Yes, sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Hey,
I'm
sam Yeah.
You too, are you today
something?
me to round all day just barely made it home in time for this. Mhm.
Food,
yep. I am
um I work as an editor for a newspaper or magazine.
Yeah, so it's a pet magazine, please excuse my dog barking in the background.
He's actually being raised as a service dog, but he's a puppy, so he's a little rambunctious right now. Uh huh
hopefully. I'm hoping all the kid is my goal. Yeah, we'll see.
How's your day, Ben?
It?
You know, I
you
know,
said
A big hassle.
I don't think that was like Covid and stuff and that was it, I think. Um
What
area of the United States do you live in?
Okay. I'm in pennsylvania. Yes,
I have better to the store to get this from the places I want. My dollar show.
Well,
I'm hoping to get my next puppy from New He, I'm sure. So I'll
be up what he's doing. Hopefully. Yeah.
yeah, I'm hoping to get a winning sprite. You probably haven't heard of him before.
they're like, they're
like a long haired weapon, like all long hair, greyhound. Do you have any pets?
fortunate
be
very relaxing to look at.
Yeah.
Well I just lost my dog, my best friend for like 13 years back in february. So
that's what well,
everything
else like right then, so I'm like stuck at home, I don't have my dog
standing up getting my service dog and he's a handful, so I'll keep their
in Iraq standard poodle. Yeah, so he's about six months old now and he's getting pretty big. Their aspect the aspect will be about £80. So I used to like £50 dogs,
everyone's thinking that I'm going to keep me fails, but I told everyone that he is just way too big for me. I can't handle the dog.
Yeah, they're supposed to be like around 20 to
£30 that's like perfect from a smaller one. The big ones are just too my my older die when he got older, he was about £50 and it was just hard like carrying up and down steps, but there was a lot of, I'm not even that old, but it's just a lot of work picking them up and carrying them around.
I live in a house and we do have quite a bit of stairs or kind of small, so it's kind of up and down a lot.
Yeah, especially he gets to be £80 and I'm just like when he gets
older and have you felt like way too much for me? So hopefully somebody gets who lives on a single level house and don't have to worry about that issue.
Your family are
I'm still living with my parents, so I'm hoping to move out pretty quick, but it's just a lot of money supposed to pennsylvania is really expensive.
not
like a huge rush of just, I'm looking forward to independence at some point. I mean I, I pay for stuff to pay for bills and things to help out and so I'm not like totally, it's just, I would like to have my own house where I can make all the decisions and I'm sure it's nice.
Yeah, it's fun. Okay. At least I have someone to be with him and hang out with and like me and my parents really best friends. So it's, but
yeah, I'm like being able to make promises and then like room colors and like what I do with the house and so I've been saving up for about five years and I'm hoping I can just moved into a house instead of having to get an apartment. Mm. Okay.
That does sound worth it to me.
Well it's like, I think around here it's like $1000 for like 11 room.
Yeah. That's not even like nice. It's like I just, I couldn't even afford it if I wanted to. And it was not rather than a place where you have a decent mortgage where I don't have to be worrying about ridiculous bills or marketing.
Mhm. Yeah, it's just like you said, it's just like throwing money out so just, I'd rather just skip the whole apartment thing and that not have to feel about.
Yeah, my brother, he lived in apartment for like a year and he he did a lot of people above and below what happened, so he was like too noisy. So and like I work mostly overnight because I just can focus better at night, so I'd be like opposite schedule everybody else in an apartment, it just wouldn't wouldn't go over.
I'm pretty much in my bowel, but I did actually go to college for teaching and then I decided it wasn't for me, so it was just too much, I'm really shy so it was hard to like get up in front of the class and
Okay. Well, I'm like, I actually like working with like middle school age kids, but then like that part is part of it. Like I would be afraid that would be like explaining things well enough for them and, and like when they misbehave and stuff, like I'm not saying that likes to like, I don't know, like cinnamon principal's office and stuff. Like I'm not, I don't know how to really explain. I like dominating kind of person
authoritarian. I got some of the word I feel like because we walk all over me and just would not allow,
like I do enjoy kids once in a while. It's not not
what happened to control that. Oh
Like
how about
So,
really like, so I was getting english degree so thankful I finished
my mom about like much of an issue and I actually got a call from my boss. Like when I was in my last semester, they found me through because I did photography for a local shelter. And they were asking around the fear of the photographer photography for the magazine and when they talk to me, I said, well I'm actually in school for because you asked me if I knew a writer and I said I'm action school for english, I can probably do both for you. So I kind of just worked out really well and I was like right after I quit the teaching things, I was like kind of stressed out about quitting at the last minute and then that fell into place. So
yeah, everything happens for a reason. I'm a firm believer in that.
yeah. So I'm trying to get into more photography stuff on the side, but I wanna do papa tactics. I cannot handle people photography, especially like weddings and stuff. I've seen so many horror stories from the photographer's. I'm just like, I don't want anything to do it. Like The Bridezillas and stuff.
I
was not.
Good.
I like people to a certain extent. And then I'm I'm very uh get worn out really fast if you deal with people.
I'm very introverted. So, like, a day dealing with like, even a few people is like, and where's that wears me out really fast.
Yeah. And most, most people aren't like, super strict on like, caliphate photos turn out and stuff. So and with weddings and really get very, very picky about things. So I have a friend who did cut photographer that's trying to get into wedding photography and she was like, complaining about the very first one thing she did and the bride was like mad about everything that happens. I was like, I told you you were going to like it.
Yeah. There's not as much money in pets police. It's more fun. And like, I wouldn't mind like doing like little family things, but just not not big events and stuff. There's like way too much writing at.
Yeah, weddings should start right thing. Thank you propose people and all that software was too much for me. Well, the animals just kind of have to do their thing. And
you
remember one? That
is definitely true. I've done a few cat photo shoots knows don't go quite as easily because the cats aren't as agreeable.
I had one where the cat underneath the bed and we had to like try to get back out. The poor owner is like trying to drag them back out and I was like, you know, it's not gonna work out, we're just not gonna for you and the cat out.
Yeah. Well, they don't like, like new people coming in their houses, so a lot of them don't. Right.
So what do you like doing your foot in your spare time?
Yeah. And that would be fun to photograph chips. You're just photographing people like doing things instead of having up.
That would be bad about all.
I do Like you've been photography. It's been shut down the whole summer. So I've been really, really bored. Yeah.
In the fall of National Dog shows like right near me. So I try to do, I've done that like the past three years, I've actually gotten like backstage pass the surface of my magazine stuff. So
that's that. Well first I don't think that's gonna be happening this year because there's a lot of there's like thousands of dogs and there's tons of people have to be there if we're going to show us. So I think they're like trying to keep that this year, they're not allowing like guests and so yeah, so my whole year has been kind of boring, it's
actually going to the events. I do a lot of, a lot of petty events throughout the summer usually and just hasn't happened, that's like understandable, it's just
I've been doing a lot of binge watching
um I've been watching a lot of like true crying by the self, so yeah and I don't like netflix type series, I forget what the name of it is, but it was it's a netflix um series and felt like a haunted mansion. Why is something brian manner?
So
I've been pretty mad.
Well
The
same
people.
Did you walk close?
But.
and.
after the balance.
Well
I would love to go to paris someday but that's not happening anytime so I guess you can just enjoy it on tv. Yeah I am a horror fanatic but I do like the fluff once in a while just so something relax this week. I'm home by myself to my parents are on vacation so I don't like watching horror things by myself
if they're getting a little spooky
around the house when it's just me. Uh huh.
Yeah. You think you're like seeing things out of the corner of your eye?
Four point something else on the bill.
Thank
you.
that's pretty high up. Do you like being that high?
In
there.
guess you do get a lot of snow up there though.
the
snow will knock all the leaves down
you at least like the winter a little bit.
I'm the same way.
And something is really bad about that because we don't get like a ton of stone and we do, everyone's like confused in michigan so
I'm used to it and then these people are not used to it at all. Uh
huh.
I don't
know.
Yeah. They closed the school down here if there's like a two inches of snow and I'm like okay yes, they're not very big snow people here in these colors was just terrible drivers to begin with. Yeah. I'm not sure if you've been out this way very much but there entrusting
people. Uh
Which
is
Yeah. I actually drove myself into downtown philadelphia before and I will never be doing that against. It was absolutely crazy down there.
Yeah exactly. From now on if I have to go down there I'll just be like parking outside of and getting like Uber some things like you can handle it.
or on California I guess they get pretty
bad too. I've
been there before but
because it's just that I've been there one time but I was like 10 so I don't I wasn't driving. Yeah.
Yeah the tour buses are nice because you get to relax.
you don't have to worry about anything.
Oh I know I couldn't could never do that. I don't mind driving like out in the country and stuff. It's just city driving. I can't stand
some
apps that I like to like just relax and cruise.
So and so I turned like a podcast or something and I'm I'm all set. I'm not watched.
I definitely don't like short trips that longer trips music. It's boring. After a while I listen to your podcasts usually. So
uh huh or dog training ones. I do want to be a dog trainer at some point. So yeah, so back into teaching gun but maps the same kind of teaching. Yeah.
yep.
Yeah. So if you go back to schooling for that, which will be nice. I kind of just going to school.
Yeah. So do I I do my own research and stuff. It's just different than like having a classroom like have to work on. Soften
what?
Yeah. I have kind of gotten out of reading, which I used to love it. So I hope to get back into at some point when things get us crazy for me. But I like to just like sit down and relax at my and watch T. V. S. Oh yeah. Think we've done about 25 minutes. I guess we can wait until like the half hour mark just to make absolutely certain.
I didn't even know he had a countdown thing.
Yeah. I didn't see that. I just didn't, I saw the counter to but I thought it was like I didn't realize it was that kind of a counter. No we should probably be okay then. Uh We really don't talk to me. I was a little nervous to do it.
Yeah. I'm not normally a big talker but if we keep going I'm pretty good at it.
It's just that you can't have one.
I know that like medication and stuff are, but like it would be hard to get a dog and then found medications don't work or something. So
Mm. I would just recommend a slightly smaller parole in a standard because he
was very big.
It's like toy ones which are like really tiny and they're like one in between us, like a 25 ish pound one, which would probably be like perfect.
So if you decide to actually want to pull is probably what I would go with. But because he's a good boy, he's just watch,
he's about £50 now and he's only six months old. So yeah, so quite the adventure. It was very good talking to you
and
it's the rest of thing and see what it is. You have a great night.
Bye.