Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. There,
I can hear you. Mhm. Mhm. Okay.
Just I'm glad you showed up. I guess I did this one other time and and the gal I was talking to, she said she did it like three times that people didn't show up so. Uh huh.
I don't know happened.
Well
what's what's your first name?
Sonia? Okay. I'm jim.
huh. You sound like you're in the United States, Right. Are you?
Yeah, I'm in
California. Uh huh
Yeah the florida. That's funny that the other calif doctors in florida she was in she was in um Uh huh. Well the Tallahassee, let's see. Trying to think. It was the uh somewhere where they had a bunch of outbreaks of Covid. Um It was it was where they're supposed to have the the republican convention and I don't know. Jacksonville. That's right.
She was in Jackson Jax. Jacksonville. Yeah.
that
that's on the ah like the Tampa coast. Right? Is that on the left coast or? No
it's
like
come on you
should know that. Right.
Well I mean it hasn't hit you yet. I thought it's already there. Right.
Oh that's good. Yeah it looked ah I've never experienced a hurricane so I looked um you know at least on videos they don't look very pleasant. You know they look like they were something
you want to want mm
Good.
my
gosh.
Well I've had relatives you know they're terrified of California because of earthquakes and fires and floods and like Oh my gosh but you guys I mean the place is like saying the Midwest or something you know there's like $20 every year. I mean there's hurricanes every year. I mean earthquakes are
rarely
but it's rarely happens, you know and fires are I mean there's fires but they're rarely you know in your area maybe once in every great while and then floods or you know, mudslides, those don't have very often either. So.
Well I've been in California my whole life and and I mean it's like don't even you don't even think about those things every day. It's like you never think
so.
Hello
rear
get
the
right get the plywood out for the windows or whatever the shutters and
Okay, what a nightmare.
That's
good.
I mean like the high tide or something or
So so are you gonna have to split your prolific money with your buddy there you guys? Uh
Goes into your account. Okay, good.
Um Let's see, I've done ah I've been doing this for about a year now. I have done, let me see, I think I've done about 500. Let me see. Uh, I've done A 621
I've learned and I've earned about $620 to. That's interesting.
No, I'm sorry, £620.. Get to get that right. Uh
huh.
Well,
you
know what uh in fact his last video call, I was on the gal, I heard some voice in the background, some computer voice I said like what is that? She said, oh my husband is like indictee and whatever and he set up and so if you if you're like on chrome, you there's a chrome extension for for prolific and and what it does is it'll it'll um do this audio thing, it'll tell you when there's a new study available. Yeah.
Uh well you
probably reinstall it.
Well the funny thing is I work from home and my, I was talking to my boss on a video called this morning and I had like my work computer and then I have my personal computer on and I had the prolific app open and all of a sudden it's like, you know, new prolific study available or something. And she's like, what was that? Oh, nothing. There's nothing. Just hang on a second while I do this study real quick. It's only take a minute.
But it was, it was like really embarrassing. It's like, you know, what, What was that? So
Yeah. Yeah. There's some pretty weird studies. I mean some are okay. I mean it was like this one I think I did yesterday. It was like you know, you can only do it on your phone and then if it's like a picture that's disgusting you have to like pull it toward you and then if it's okay you push it away and if you've done that one it's like
I've
been like five of those now. You know, it's like and here's study number six, you know, doing the same thing. It's like it's the same questions the same. You know, I guess they want to see if you change your mind on these things. But you know, some of these are just strange.
Yeah. Well some of them is they're the same questions so I just keep, you know, it's like I already know my answers for all these things and you know, so I can go through them pretty fast. I actually find the ones that are like that that say they're going to take the most time are the best ones. You know because they they usually pay the most But usually it's like this is going to take you know 20 minutes but I can usually do with 10 you know? So it's like I just made double you know double the money. So um So anyway. Yeah
I don't
know I I found it easy money you know?
I'm in santa Barbara County so it's any problem. You have no idea where that is. Right.
Its central kind of central coast. So if ah we're about in case you know where L. A. Is basically on a map. Maybe southern California. Well
or san
Francisco
That's
like I don't know where ST Augustine with. Um Well so I mean think of like the California coast is like I mean L. A. Is like like about one third of the way up is L. A. And one third of the way down in san Francisco. And we're kind of in between those two. So we're almost like in the middle of the kind of the middle of the state on the coast. But yeah, so there's
like
we're south of Monterey, maybe we're in Monterey before
or
santa
cruz.
No. Yeah. Yeah we had um and he was uh 2017 I think that's when it was a few years ago. There was a fire is called Thomas Fire and that was the santa Barbara County. And it was actually the largest fire ever in the state I think our second largest, I don't know, maybe maybe we became the largest. It was huge. So uh
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah so that was and it and it had a big impact so there is a community, I I don't live near it. I mean I work kind of near it. It's called Montecito and it's like where all the rich people live, you know like you know opera and you know a lot of movie stars like want to escape L. A. And then go to Montecito. So um and so that community was affected by the fire and then they had floods in there and I'm sorry mudslides after because it's like everything got burned on the hillsides and just float into the neighborhood and took out houses and stuff pretty amazing. Just it just like took over the entire freeway coated the freeway with mud. Shut that down. So yeah so we do have them occasionally here but um you know, I mean it gets pretty dry and on the mountains or they have a lot of this stuff called chapa ral, which is like this um, kind of a shrub, you know, like, and it burns burns really easily. So anyway. But
yeah, they do some prescribed burns. Uh, they're doing more and more that now that some of these uh, wildfires are just just, you know, just insane because they burn really hot and they just kill everything and you
know,
Well we have like, people are using like power tools, like, you know, using a chainsaw or something and hit a rock and it sends off sparks or something that, that caused fires. But I mean we also have a lot of arson to, I
think, I mean my, it's a conspiracy theory, but I think that there are firefighters that, you know, are out of work, maybe a board and you know, they light some fires and then
hey,
you know, all hands on deck, fight the fire.
I mean,
I mean they're already natural pyros, you know. Uh huh.
What?
Yeah. I had some actually good friends that worked did that kind of work and they and they were definitely pyros. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. So um, yeah, I guess the one, you know, one advantage we have here is that we don't have a lot of humidity. So it's pretty dry.
So the central part is actually pretty nice because it's um like what we've been having lately, it's uh, you know, it's, I mean maybe there's some morning fog, but it's basically, it's high, it's like 71 72 love like 54 you know, and we don't have insect problems or humidity.
So um insects are rare, like flying insects. I mean,
Yeah, that would drive me nuts. I mean I visit my relatives like in michigan, I visit them in the summer. It's like why why would you live here? You know? Mm.
I'm
not kidding.
What?
Okay. Oh wow. My and my entire family is from michigan. My my mom was born in Royal Oak, which is um just that saturday Detroit. And my dad was born Detroit And then my aunt lives in Farmington Hills, which is like 11 mile. I think it's 11 mile. Um And then yeah, I mean just all over, I mean if Travers City Osco to Pontiac, I don't know, I mean all kinds of all these places so.
got
out.
Yeah, I think that's when I visited I was 15. I've only been there once so that's 15 but I had a learner's from my parents. Let me drive all the way to um Lake Superior like Sue ST Marie way up there. So so we were visiting relatives on the way up and uh I forget the highway number but there's like a highway right in the middle of the state goes straight north and we took that up and as I was good driving practice. And uh and then we went to my mom's uh we visited Mackinac Island cause she she went there like it was at her high school graduation party or something. They went to Mackinac Island. So we visited that you know, so she had been there you know since high school I guess. Yeah.
no,
that's funny. Huh.
Pretty
pretty good place though.
Yeah. I've only seen those in movies maybe like Pixar movies or something. Uh huh.
Like
no.
Mhm.
Where? And they just like at night they'd still be like, like they had
been a room
in a jar. Oh wow.
No.
No. Yeah, that would be understand everything. One of this.
Okay. Yeah. It is a really unusual thing.
Mhm, mm hmm. Well we got that in common. Never that michigan.
Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean last time I did this, I mean we just don't know what we we went for one thing to another. I forget what it worked. Yeah, she was she was talking about her uh you know, maybe her work or something or I don't know if I forget, but she was like U N I T. Or something. She was from India. Yeah.
So they had they had immigrated from India and they were in Jacksonville. So um Anyway.
Yeah.
Well don't you already have like the snowbirds or whatever all these other retirees come down there and live?
Yeah wow. How
many?
Oh I just I'm wondering how many people living in ST Augustine was the population or?
11
Street Light.
Ah It's a population But in 2018 it was about 15,000 people. Well that is small.
So a lot of spanish architecture 82 82° right now.
Whoa.
Yeah 86% humidity yuck.
All right. So I live in a town called santa Maria, another spanish dan. Uh. Mhm. Let's see. Uh huh. 69 Right now.
Yeah, slight breeze.
Let's see. It's ah not sure if it has humidity here, so Humidity. All right. Yeah. I'm not gonna complain with the weather.
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's always there's always a breeze almost every day. I mean it's I mean it's calm occasionally, but we're um We're about eight miles from the ocean. So if it's like this gigantic refrigerator out there on the Pacific and they just blows in and yeah, keeps things pretty cool. I mean we do have a lot of ag around here so there is, there could be dust issues periodically if they don't keep the fields damp, you know? But sure.
Yeah. So, what what university are going, are you going to university or college or some
are?
It was expensive.
That's
Well, I got you beat there too. I have six kids. Yeah.
there is plenty
If your mother you're working like daily 24 hours a day hardest job there is hide say
they ranged from 13 to 32
Yeah.
Yeah a couple different reasons but anyway so
T. V.
yeah
yeah yeah my oldest daughter she had my side of two grandkids so they're they're exactly you're apart same thing so. Yeah.
I don't care.
Oh yeah keep busy keep you ah keep you in debt.
I remember having a line item in the budget for just diapers you know it's just we had four kids in diapers at one time there was like four kids five and under or something it was just that was bad and then they and then one time they they all caught the flu at the same time and we had it too but we had to take care of them and then we just had them in the living room and everybody had like a terror couch or something in a bowl. I was just constantly you know, emptying bowls and uh mhm.
Yeah.
I said
no.
Yeah.
we
we do the opposite if one before we got sick were just like okay everyone's getting sick here we go and just get it over with you know everybody catch it at one time, okay kiss everybody here we go and ah Uh huh. Then we just
get
it over
with
this
is
You
never
here?
I'm
like
Yeah. That's
horrible
warming up.
Ooh
true.
Our schools open though
that's crazy.
Can I go
at your
own pace
or
something?
How far Seaworld from there
that's a long trip.
It's
over okay.
Yeah. Yeah hour and a half isn't too bad.
That's
thanks.
Okay let's spark. Mhm.
that's not good.
Was it a long flight or?
Okay so florida.
this
I could take a take a boat.
yeah
there you go. Yeah. Well well I mean it didn't go very well for cruise ships recently. People stuck on there for weeks at a time. No thanks.
No I did I did one cruise and that's my last cruise one and done.
that
Yeah. You'll lose your job though because you won't be able to get back to the mainland. Yeah. That's crazy.
that's good.
So this whole time is he sitting there while you're talking about him?
Mhm. Uh huh.
Well, I think I would have to end this. I gotta I gotta text dinner's ready. I know it's probably late there, but it's ah
yeah, it's 6 30 here. Uh
Yeah. I didn't have much see today so I'm pretty
hungry.
No. Macedonia was nice talking with you. Uh we we've done 40 minutes so I think we've got it covered.
Yeah, this is easy money. You know, it's like 15 bucks. Just you know. Anyway.
Well,
we'll stay safe in the covid and hurricane and all that stuff and uh
Take care. All right.