can you hear me? Yeah
so again sorry?
Oh wow this is my second time. Well there I guess third they sent me the wrong time for the first time and I waited.
Um So yes uh what are some of your interests?
I'm
my name is Sonya.
Hi jim.
I am yes
I'm gonna
all the way across in florida. Mhm
apologize.
Yeah I'm in little in Augustine. Not too far from Jacksonville were
wrong.
It's not on 10 because it's
on the other
side. It's by the atlantic. And.
where
Right But we were just talking about it because we were supposed to have a hurricane and it's We're like I was joking. I said it's 2020 it's gonna turn around and like make a U. Turn and come back and hit us. So
ah like skirt it up the coast so it didn't come on land. We got a little bit of rain. Nothing nothing like we're used to.
they can be
they can be kind of scary. We had a friend that was telling us that a couple of years ago, during one of the hurricanes that
there was a tornado that bounced and it bounced in his backyard and then another house. So
like
it tangled up his trees. You get that when you're like what side of the eye? There's like uh like when you're on a certain side of the hurricane causes more tornadoes, so I haven't had that experience yet thankfully.
It's
wherever you're at.
but those even like, I think there was one in michigan, northern michigan had some flooding. It's just, it happens when it rains too much and there's rivers going to happen
Whereas
like with hurricanes were like,
it's hurricane season.
We we were no
we're
just counting,
we don't even do that anymore.
Somehow. Like if you're right on the, on the coast, you would do it. But we're in Lynn we don't need to worry about it so
much.
Yeah, we've only like um Matthew cause some major flooding here. And it was because of, it was like a crazy bunch of events that happened. Like there was a full moon and any time there's a full moon, the water rises, there was, what was the other thing that happened? Mm hmm. With the water? No, it's the, there was another thing that happens with the ocean sometimes. I can't think of what it is right now. So that happened at the same time and it caused it to flood even more.
Um It's like a high tide that has no, it's a high tide that happens every so often. I can't think of like Northeastern or something like that. What was it? Just spring card? It's, he says it's the spring tides changing. It was an unusually high tide.
my hubs, no. Uh huh.
It's mine. Yeah, I like um do you do a lot of prolific studies?
You've got maybe.
My sister.
yeah,
you got maybe my sister got me started on it and she's she's right up there where your we've been doing it for about a year now,
right up there
with.
I have it on mine but I think I messed it up. My sister fixed set it up for me. I think I must have because it stopped working.
Oakley.
Yeah, she can fix it, I'm sure, but like it'll still notify me but it's not notifying me as frequently. And I think that when I went to change the amount of times that will notify you, I think I messed it up so.
Right. It's just a few cents, but I want it,
My friend will come over and I'll be on the computer and she's like, what are you doing now? Well um just my side hustle,
I've done one light a similar
to that.
I like I like being the ones that are from like the universities and like I always go for those because I feel like some of them are more interesting. So seeing them like from I just did one from florida state I think, and it was about um how people communicate. I feel like a lot of, a lot of them are about how people communicate and then Covid happened and then all of them were about Covid and how it's making you feel and stuff and I'm like, the more I read this, the more I feel stressed out about it.
My
sister.
Mhm. My sister says they're easier for her because she has the mouse, so it goes a lot faster and I have like my laptop has the built in mouse, so it's like kind of tedious for me to do some of them. I'm like these are taking forever. I need to get a mouse for it. But other than that, like quick and easy stuff. Um so what part of California are you from,
I hope, is it northern or something?
Kind of, yeah,
I
can kind of envision it a little bit
like,
You
can,
I've
heard of Monterey
because of
memo, me and my uh so have you like been through any of the fires or anything or is that more?
It's probably the one like I watch Youtube and I follow a lot of Youtubers and they, there was one that they were like really showing
a lot of it because most Youtubers live in California
and that's probably why they do like controlled fires but
and all
it takes is lightning. We had my friend lives in a housing development here and there was lightning hit a tree and a tree farm And it caused a fire for day or two. I'd like right out back behind her house. Oh
I know
there
were
I'm sure there's probably somebody out there that would do
that.
well yeah if you like sign up to go into a forest fire like you have to be a pyro there
is no way.
Yeah and like you guys have the northern part where it's chilly and then you got the southern part that's hot and watch one youtuber and they like travel 45 minutes in either direction. It's hotter or colder there. Like I had to pack sweaters this time like
well
insects are crazy, you can't even walk out and hailed a stinking nat today. Like they're bad.
In michigan. Oh wow. Uh well we go up early because I have, I'm from michigan so I have
family
there. Yeah, I'm from Jackson Michigan right like halfway
between ann arbor and Detroit.
most most of my family actually, like all of my family has stayed in Jackson except for my cousins and me, we moved, my cousins moved to, well my, one of my cousins moved up near traverse city and then I have another cousin. I think he lives, he might live in Pontiac, I'm sure, I think it's funny and then like everybody else stayed there. But
I mean
it, yeah, I lived in florida growing up and I always said I would never move back to florida after I moved to michigan. And then I found myself back here. But we like to, we go up and visit every, every year except for this year so far. Uh and we go early july and it's still like spring there. Oh, it's amazing.
actually honeymoon to Mackinaw city and we didn't end up making it to the island because like 50°, we're staying in the hotel with us. We're saying that they were getting sprayed by with water from the ferry and I was sick like I had a fever from the weather change, it was a mess, but so we never made it to Mackinaw island. We ended up
going uh we went across the bridge and went gambling instead.
This don't find very
many.
Yeah. The one thing I miss is the lightning bugs or fireflies. We don't have them here. People like, we'll talk about them here and they're like, we had them when we were kids, but we don't have them here now. So the kids, whenever we're in michigan, they catch fireflies a lot, pretty much a lot of the night.
they're so cool. We were like, when we were kids, we weren't
the nicest
to them though because if you, uh,
you can even like top them open and you can put the, like the green on you and glow. So we would do, that is not the nicest thing or we would keep them in jars for weeks at a time.
I stumble
out.
Yeah. We've
let them go in our house and all sorts of settings.
Yeah, they're fun. Well, so we go up for the 4th of July and when the fireworks and suffer while we're waiting for him, the kids chase them around. Very cool to see like little babies see him for the first time
now.
yep. I don't know what else to talk about when you're talking to strangers and you feel like you're supposed to talk about a certain thing, I don't know. It's weird.
How?
Yeah, Jacksonville is growing as far as like business stuff and bringing a lot of people moving to ST Augustine because of the economy. Well the economy. Yeah, so like as far as like because of I'm a member, I took a business class because I'm going to school for like management. And one of the things in the book said that with more jobs coming to the U. S. Bigger businesses in like new york city are putting people in Jacksonville in bigger cities around the states are the country. So that way they can pay them less money. So like Jacksonville it's not quite as uh like the housing and stuff isn't quite as much as in new york so they can do that so they can pay people less money to work for them. So they're also like transferring um people from new york and we're actually getting a lot of people like wanting to move here from new york city harry. But uh
yeah so we have a lot of housing, different equipment.
Yeah. Yeah so like during the winter time you see a lot of new york uh new york michigan indiana. Um Canada a lot of those license plates. And then but I'm like in a facebook group for our city and like every day there's another person asking where they should buy a house, their families looking to move here from from new york city okay
as well
what we're going to say?
I don't know it's constantly growing. We like literally have like at least five um housing communities being developed right now. It was like constantly changing. Uh It used to be really small like one road to get to everything
type of city besides downtown like.
Yeah pretty much. That's how it used to be when we were growing up Now we've got like five.
Yeah I can only imagine what it's going to be this year. Next year
and
McGee.
Yeah that's because of the hurricane.
Wow that would be 969.
Probably not michigan weather right now babe. He said that's michigan weather, that's michigan was like eight July wait yeah late early July mid july.
and your coastal, so you're gonna breathe right?
Oh man. Uh
no
I'm at a state college local and when I went to a university, my first year of school and my my credit says that was a bad idea. Oh
yeah I was, I went to Eastern University up in Ypsilanti, Michigan eastern michigan university for a year before I decided to move to florida. Then started a family here. I got three kiddos but I'm almost done. I'll have my
bachelor's degree here soon.
And all three is three is it for me? Yeah My 3rd 1 is a handful.
He asked me are you working? And I said no but I will be soon and he said I'm gonna be so loud. It was like no.
yeah you put adult Children, they're adults over
13. Oh
the big gap there,
I always say with mine, I always say like if if somebody asked me like what I think about waiting to have kids
or like waiting to have another kid and like when my two oldest are um irish twins, uh
I would do that over again before waiting five years because I had I waited five years, just about five years for my second or my third child, and I'm like, oh it was so much easier having them back to back.
it's just easier because they need basically the same thing is what I always said, so like I had a five year old and a newborn and the five year old needs my attention, but the newborn kind of needs my attention a little bit more, so it was hard to balance that.
Whereas like I would have both babies at the same time, that would be down through the naps at the same time and everything, but kids are fun. Yeah.
that's true, looking forward to them uh growing up a little bit uh like I don't want them to grow up too fast, but I'm kind of looking forward to having grown kids and being without them,
wow, we
haven't had that yet, like usually it's only like two of us at a time and then once two of us get over it to more of us get it, but my oldest seems to get it far less, like we, we quarantine because if somebody starts throwing up, she freaks out, so like she has severe
anxiety if somebody gets sick and starts throwing up
and she'll like freak out and like just stay in your room to stay in the room, it will be okay.
Well she's probably only throwing up like once in her nine years of life and I couldn't imagine her being sick with the flu. She's never even had the flu yet. The home
like
Like
I went
in
if it wasn't for her anxiety, I wouldn't worry about it so much, but she,
her
anxiety is so bad. I'm just like stay, you might as well just stay away from it.
And
then
my husband and my oldest boy typically get, did it more frequently. Like we went two the
world,
they kind of have like the Disney flu. So like when you go to Disney expect to get sick, something similar to that at like Seaworld happened to us. Like we went and like within the first day, like that night my husband and my son were both secondly,
No,
I have to deal with,
do they get it more frequently? And Yeah, but I try, like with Covid right now we have to be super careful because my son has asthma,
so we're not going back to school
because of it.
They are opening on the 31st here. Yeah,
so they gave us three options to choose from full school um virtual school, like through the school where they would be on the computer in front, like on the computer in the classroom all day, or like the the virtual school that the state already has, You could do that. So we're going to do that one
and
if
you want to
do
Yeah, so like a lot of people have talked to the kids are usually done with school by thursday and like that's nice and we can take like we don't have to be in front of the camera the whole time so we can go to Z world when everybody else is in school and not have to worry about catching covid. So it'll be nice. Uh Yeah this
I think like three hours in Orlando. Yeah.
For three hours, hour and a half hour and a half.
He drives. Did it not me? Uh huh.
It feels like three hours. We've got three kids.
No, it's not bad. It really depends because if you can't the Orlando traffic It could become a three hour drive. So but we haven't like my husband drives and he knows when to leave, like he's figured out when to leave for everything and miss all the traffic.
Like even
when we drive to michigan, If we leave at 5:00 we can miss Atlanta traffic and get to a hotel halfway through and make it in less time than if we leave early in the morning or late at night.
Then we don't drive all the way through on the way there, but on the way home we end up driving all the way through. You don't have to worry about the Atlanta Atlanta traffic if you leave from Michigan at 7:00 AM. Uh huh. Do you still miss it? We miss all the traffic we like to drive. My husband can't fly. I don't know if you've ever been on a plane but his first time on a plane he like turned gray. Okay. Thought he was about to have a panic attack. Like it was bad.
And of course we have two babies at the time. Yeah. Both my kids were like under two I think. So I'm like stuck trying to deal with them. Well he's in there like white as it goes and it was an and the plane was like having a lot of turbulence so it made it worse. Yeah,
no michigan is I think like a two hour flight, it's
probably less than a two hour flight. So like my, my mom lives in europe and she's always trying to get me to go over there. Like there's just no way because I'm not leaving without him and he's not getting on that play for that long of a flight. Plus it's not in order to go there, you have to stop in new york who will lay over in new york. Like all the flights are like that, you just have to go to new york and stay in new york for like my sister said, she waited like all day in new york for her next flight to go over to europe, and I'm like, this is crazy, I don't think I could do it, especially with
all the stuff going on, planes disappearing. We both kind of want to do that.
Yeah. And then that's my problem. Yeah. He likes cruises and I'm like, I don't want to be on a boat. Yeah,
I'm terrified of titanic happening.
No.
I was joking because like, right at the start of Covid, they were like paying you to go on these cruises, like You buy your dirt,
cheap ticket and they're like, we'll give you $600 to spend on the boat. I'm like, yeah, it's so tempting. But then people are getting stuck on these boats and like, you know,
my husband's been with his job for like 15 years or something crazy like that and it's a locally owned business. So they're like, they love him there.
They try to love him. He can be a bit of a pan with us. Sometimes they can do,
Yeah, he knows. I think he's a pain in the butt. Uh huh.
So, Oh, man.
it's 9:30 pm,
wow. Okay. Yeah, go eat dinner. Oh,
talking
to you.
Yes. Thank you.
This check this
out.
All right. You too. Bye.