Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. It wasn't Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh, but you can call Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Hi,
how are you?
I see you have a cat. I didn't
So was my copy? Uh huh. He's behind that is real food and the whole time where he gets upset animals. What can you do? Okay.
And
How
was your
day? Not
yet.
that's been my whole week. We're doing fall cleaning and so spring cleaning. Uh huh. Trying to get everything organized. I got turned into a pit over the summer. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
How many cats do
you have? Okay. Okay. Three
dogs now. two. Rabbits. Bills to Guinea Pigs. Uh huh,
develop
a little bit of a zoo going on around here. Uh huh,
nope,
no. Cats. Cat.
I love dogs. I wouldn't go someday but I need a bigger yard for that.
Yeah, they can't live in the house. Yeah.
So what do you do for work?
what,
well,
Oh, that's awesome. It sounds
like,
Yeah, I think
things are down where I'm at
again pretty soon. I'm in pennsylvania and you feel like, yeah, and our cases have been climbing and climbing and climbing again so hopefully
we'll see. Well I think schools going back and saw some kind of satisfaction to
okay, I was went back to infer sudden, What do you think was a mistake? Is our number one back up again? Oh,
for that?
yeah, yeah, yep, I don't blame
you.
I
didn't like school either so I can't blame them. Uh
huh
So how are they adjusting to all that will be liking it?
Quite
who
are
from?
Okay.
Doing
something
this
way
school then. It should be,
I was the same way I understand that.
What
form
out.
that's
why I wasn't squad and not, I like doing my own thing. I was quiet sensitive types, I completely understand them complete
and computer stuff is a great thing to get into.
Hello?
I'm
happy to do the exercise either, but you have to do a little bit of it. My dog keeps me moving though. He's should only months old. So
I yeah, kind of, I work for a magazine, so usually usually do like in first interviews and stuff. We've been trying to do most put online or over the phone, so that's fun, interesting and we did shut down the growth of the summer. So yeah, so it's been interesting. Usually I'm doing like events and stuff also, but I have to do any of that, so it's been quite boring.
Yeah.
And
Did you? He's got some benefits for a while. Mhm,
good.
I had
to get
on for a couple
of months.
It was a pain in the butt here to get it out it and actually
get in.
yeah, ours was really confusing to some of the questions. I was like, I don't quite understand what was asking me, but I just answered the best way.
we still have people that haven't been paid at all yet and I feel so bad for them. Mhm.
yeah, right. I'm gonna have to pay rent and everything else I'd rather build and what they have. It's been a tough tough year.
Keep
saying. Always been popping up out of being like a 20 year year that we still have like several years ago before time.
I just hope that something a vaccine or something coming out that helps normalize it is a little bit. Mhm.
Well
that's I know like around us were like kind of gonna work. There's people that won't wear masks and they don't wanna mm
Yeah. Like split, we have like some people that are like that and then some that are so there's like this constant
bickering. I don't understand why it's just why you can't just wear a mask. It's not that difficult. I mean it's annoying. I agree it's the most comfortable thing,
but you get
used to it. It's not not going to kill anybody. You
can buy
all kinds
of you.
Oh yeah, trump. You're, my family's like split on the issue. So I'm on facebook and it's just like I just stayed quiet so it's not worth arguing.
One factor
yet.
We got like 1000 cases last week. Yeah.
But we saw people, I won't wear masks and people are just going out. We live right next
world.
Hersheypark is and they reopened that. I'm like, why would you do that? There's no way you can keep people socially
distance there.
Yeah. Only like 40 minutes from it. So mm
That's going
to do it all over a year, but it's just not worth it.
I
know
your
name.
It means
meal.
Yeah. I've never had any interest in going to just excited reviews like ours just down to one ride and I just, I don't see the fun. Uh huh.
It's
always
$10 hot so
like fun like Hersheypark people off season moves like hardly on the lines looking like early spring or late late or early fall. It's usually pretty right now. It's crazy because it wasn't open all summer so everyone that wanted to go what is going now.
I
And
I'm more rural key person so I don't like the crowds either. I do like going to like dog bites and stuff, those are usually pretty not well doc er general nicer.
Yeah yeah I'm pretty good with it too
you?
Yeah I'm mostly happy with it, I just have like a few friends that I used to go out with once in a while but nothing may hear my friends online with were like states apart. So
so we do have our chatting online anyway.
Keep you occupied. Uh huh.
little girl.
you are a playstation person. Me too.
Yes. What's that?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm an assassin's creed person. That's like my favorite
thing. I'm
Thank you.
I want to
then you have to go play Station three to catch up on all the older games.
all
Are
So
I'm on,
the next assassin's created still on the playstation for some will pay
for
a little while.
absolutely. Love that. Seriously? Like the only one that I play consistently, the ones I play out an awful lot.
Okay, that's like my absolute favorite one.
he it was a little bit harder.
I thought, just a place that'll change up a lot. So it was a little more complicated.
Well,
and
remember if that would have difficulties
or not? But I usually like the easier ones to play, like the storylines more than the fighting. So
and
like every single game, they choose the controls on it too, and I'm just like, why? Because then if I try to switch back and forth between games, they want to break from one and you're like
all
out of out of sorts because you can't figure out what you're doing. Oh,
yeah, I just tend to national well, until I figure out what's going, let's get too frustrated dying. Let me gets annoying. Yeah,
because I'm not like a super competitive video game player. I just like the atmospheres and last story lines and
that's my thoughts too.
And
Oh yeah, I've gotten back in the League of Legends lately and all people are a little bit too insane for me.
I did play Fortnite for a while, but I wasn't very good at that either. At least there's
not like a chat. I'm League of Legends is a chance to get yelled at by all your teammates and stuff.
Yeah, and I'm like,
I'm just trying
to have fun, people just
go easy on me. Uh
I'm
not that kind of stuff too. I
do
like I said as much creative, like the history type stuff behind it, but yeah, I tried to play competitive games, I'm just not, I'm not getting yelled at, I'm not very good at the games.
I think
now I'm like, I'm here to just have fun. I don't really care if I win or lose that, that situation for me, So Yeah, I am excited for the PlayStation five though. I just don't have any games I need right now, so I'll hold off and hopefully the price goes down a little bit.
what?
What?
I'm doing a service detail for a puppy, so it will be quite enough for the puppy, but at least help. Oh, So yeah, I looked like about $100 in front of you have been doing it for a month, so it hasn't been too bad.
I
keep actually
not everyone, so it's all the strings.
Yeah,
they're called the Wind Sprite and they're like a, like a small hairy greyhound, like a small long
gray pound. Yeah, yeah, they're actually a Whippet mix with salty. So
yeah, so they're like really good sporting dogs. So
they're supposed to be very, very people oriented right now. I have a standard poodle raising for us or with like organizations. So Yeah, he's way too big for me. He's already like £50 and he's not even full girls.
And the winds bring picking
out.
Yeah, The wind spray is going to be about 20 lbs, so that's a lot better
for me.
Yeah, yeah. And easy to pick up and carry around if needed. So yeah, and I have a springer spaniel who passed away in february. So he was my childhood dog, so it was really hard to go through
those
are great dogs.
I'm
the app That's what prepare, how's my springer? He started didn't use his back legs very well and he was £50 and that's why I kind of all our bags, it's hard, it was hard to pick him up and carried up and down stairs and I mean we could do, it just wasn't, wasn't very easy. We think he has, his heart started failing at him so he just wasn't here for him anymore and
Are
Yeah. Yeah. That's
hard to sample.
I
that was my own guy. He absolutely spoiled. He had his own, we got his own chair and everything. So he had his own
you are
bob.
That's cute. Oh!
It
does work. Yeah.
Now for the puppy because he has to learn to not hear that, but it is hard to listen to it, but if he was old and he'll be getting his way
Just getting old and foxy. it happens and they earned
at that
point. Yeah
Speech
Are
or babies? Yeah. My aunt saved a cat from climbed up into her exhaust and she didn't lies and she started her car. So she ended up getting a head injury and she was, it's for a long time. Yeah,
she was found out. She was a really nice cat right now. She's got a stray cat that comes in her window at night. You did it inside
and
everything. I'm like you're crazy because I can't just have shots for anything. But she absolutely all the animals and shoes. So while they
don't
read your house you'd probably let it All right.
and
leave.
That's too funny.
The camp would be in trouble if you got up in the middle of the night. Yeah. Uh huh. It's funny.
I love animals too. I just not stray animals coming into my house. I have too many other animals to worry about getting sick and everything so
green
on the
side.
Oh she's wanting to escape for a little bit.
Oh my God. one Child. Black Quieter. Uh huh.
Me either.
I think it was like right after six so we should be good. Should it was fun talking to you? I thought
you
know all this good with me?
I'm
always a little shaky shorthand. This is my third one. So
okay. They've all been good. I haven't had anybody bad so far. So
very easy money. So
yes and that's adds up really fast social for playstation. That'll add up a good chunk or Yeah man, I think I can do three more of them so
mm Yeah, so I'm gonna experience so I'm just always never a matter for a social person so I'm all people within the phone rings. Oh
I
wasn't really
happy.
Yeah. Can we have a good rest of your night?
Great talking to you. Bye.