Hello.
Hi.
good.
Who is jealous of the computer? Yeah.
Sit down sit
down. Okay.
Is
it
Pretty
good. So far housecleaning day. Nothing too exciting.
cleaning all of the things because all the cats of course make their bed. There's so it's covered into my hair, the laundry, all the cleaning.
Two.
Yeah.
that's
quite a few critters.
You just
lay down
only have cats right now. Used to have ducks but then we moved to a smaller yard so just cats.
Yeah they do require space.
Mhm.
Um Right now I am laid off which is fun. Um
But normally
I'm a plant buyer for a retail nursery. Um So I managed the house plants and pet supplies and then do plant buying for the outside greenhouse.
But
I'm in Portland Oregon so things are still pretty shut down here
so
now.
yeah yeah ours went down for a bit and then they started climbing again so and now we're heading into winter and holiday so we'll see what happens.
Yeah. Yeah ours are still um distance learning so.
our schools were debating it and then they saw florida try for a day and have to close
down the same day so like we'll just we'll just at least for the first semester they're going to do it at home and then I think as long as things are still declining or stable they might do uh like free choice either in person or at home. Um But our kiddo has pretty intense asthma so they'll be at home either way,
which
they love, they hate school, so
it's great.
Mhm.
Mhm.
They
like it a lot last cement those seconds like when all this started in the spring because the schools were not prepared. I think they had class three days a week for an hour each time. Um And then they had like their math worksheets and other worksheets that they had to do, but then they got to do to electives um which they chose computer science for their their electives.
They
use
the website scratch to make games and they're learning to code a lot of their family members are computer programmers. So um they really
really loved getting school credit for like their favorite
fun
activity
anyway.
So
yeah, so they like it, it's a lot more self directed now, which they look like they like learning, they just don't like being told what to do.
and they're the sensitive
kids there, the legs try to make everybody get along. That hurt.
So and so is feeling so they get picked on. So
they've enjoyed like they have their handful of friends that they do video chats with, but then the rest of the time they're reading books or making video games,
it's great.
they enjoy it.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, we, it's a challenge getting them to do physical activity. So we do have like a movement requirement. They either have to do a mile on um here we have a stationary bike in Seattle,
they have an elliptical so they either have to do that or go for like a walk or do a certain amount of jumping jacks so that they don't just turn into a puddle, which they like less, but it's either that or no screen time. So the
deal.
cute. Are you working right now?
yeah. My work stopped like rate at the beginning of the busy season because March april and May are the big that's where all of the money comes from. Uh and to have it completely closed. Uh I mean I volunteered for the layoff because I also have asthma so my co workers were very concerned like you shouldn't be here dealing with thousands of people every week. Um
Everything's still like order online for in person pick up like scheduled pickup which is good but even that is like I'll stay at home that's fine. Yeah I
don't mind having like an extended summer break. Yeah.
I mean I still have like 10 weeks left on the unemployment um which
is helpful but we'll see
what
happens
after
that.
But
yeah it took a while but I just called every morning for like a week and I finally got through and I had checked one box incorrect because the system is super vag and designed in the eighties and uh so essentially like I'll just recheck this and you should be getting checks soon. So I was very fortunate.
Yeah. The next week they came out with a video series of how to fill this out so that we know you're laid off due to Covid, which is great.
So do I saw on Reddit a couple days ago, somebody just now got their checks and they've been out of work since about the time that I have and they just had like a giant stack, which is great, but
It's, yeah. Yes. It feels like longer than a year,
but
So close.
I also hope that people can just stay home for a little bit
longer, like,
Portland's pretty good about folks wearing masks. Um for the most part, I mean my mom is in Eastern Washington state and it's like redneck country there, that's where I grew up and like nobody wears a mask and they'll harass you if you go out with a mask
please.
What's
that?
Much
less
annoying
thinking. Exactly. Mm. Yeah. Yeah.
my sister's husband is an anesthesiologist, so he's in the hospital. She probably would have a problem with wearing masks if her husband wasn't a doctor
just
knowing her personality, but so they have to be extra careful because he's in and out of hospitals all the time. So they've been in pretty intense lockdown since all of this started there in Montana. So I think they're county is still in the double digits for total cases since the beginning of the year, where we're in triple digits every week. Uh
Yes
pretty
much
my
sister used to live there uh actually near Hersheypark her husband, that's where he did his med school. So
we went to her mark
with.
Yeah I I see people online going to like Disneyland and
Disneyworld
reopened
and
I would have a hard time if there weren't a pandemic going there
but
people say that there's no lines because there's hardly anybody there and it's like I mean that might make it okay. I hate crowds. But
I went when I was little my uncle took me between second grade and third grade and I lost my first tooth in a hot dog there. Uh You want about the quality of the food. Uh I remember
going
on
I remember going on two rides and then we saw Beauty and the Beast as a play and then we stayed for the lights. Um I don't know if we went on more rights than that or if that's all we went on, but no.
Yeah. We, I mean it was held has been, It was at least 12 years ago that we went when I lived in pennsylvania but the next time I came to visit us like, do you want to go back to the park is like not really. So we went to Crayola and I got to go and make crowns, which is a lot of fun. Way more
fun than
an amusement park for me. It's like we're gonna do science with colours. It's great. Yeah.
Yeah. I have, I've been doing okay with the staying at home. I have video games, I have lots of books and I have a garden. So it's not been that bad.
I mean it's not a huge change from what
my life was before that except I'm not going to work and I'm not having people over to feed them. Um But just staying at home is fine.
I've
definitely done a lot more online, you know and things like these surveys. Mhm.
it's Um once I got laid off and the unemployment reduced in amount, I had to figure out another way to earn a little bit of extra
money to put towards my PlayStation five fund. So this is what I'm doing to earn video games. A new console.
I mean I Only got my PS four last December, I took quite a few years off. I was just too busy and correct relationship, but I got it from my birthday last December. Yeah. And fell in love with a couple games. And my favorite games uh sequel is coming out early next year. So
Horizon all right.
Start Jon Lovett. I pretty much only play single player games. Um
I'm
like almost 200 hours into Odyssey and I'm nowhere near the end. So
I needed a break. I started the witcher a couple of days ago, which are three.
Um But because I mean I've had it for less than here, so I have a lot to catch up on. But
I do have a PS three which
was my machine for many years. And
I play Dragon Age and um the kid I played Minecraft and Plants vs zombies, but I just didn't have time. Um how it was perfect timing, staying home all the time. Uh Get caught up on video
games.
But I do want I do want a PlayStation five so that I can play the horizon sequel. Uh huh.
You
think?
Yeah. Yes that I'm I'm excited for that one. Uh
I tried origins and I couldn't get into it.
I will go back and try it eventually but I it was my first assassin's creed game in a very long time. Um So I just kept dying and couldn't get used to it. But
you can contact.
Yeah I felt like I was drunk the entire time
because I couldn't just make him run forward. It was like always wobbling and it's yeah it was hard
it was it was not the best reintroduction game.
I
I always start on story mode until until
I can figure out what my hands are supposed to be doing.
This
activity
I started the witcher in February and played maybe 10 hours but then got distracted by something else and didn't get back to it until like three days ago. But I just had to start over because I couldn't tell what I was doing. And it's like I actually need that like four hours of tutorial at the beginning again because I'm just button mashing and he just keeps jumping. He hasn't attacked anybody yet and I just keep dying. So
Yes.
Yeah, it's I like the ones with good narrative, it's like an interactive book. That's great.
But
I have gotten a lot more into like all of the video game stuff listening to podcasts and watching stuff on twitch and all of that, which has been interesting. There's a lot of very, very competitive and into it people out there.
Mhm. Yeah, I the only multiplayer games I've been able to get into our fall guys and among us just because they're so hilarious. But anything more than that and
that.
Yeah, I don't like being yelled at.
Thank
you,
let's go.
I tend to avoid games with guns, like my aim sucks. I'd rather have a bow and arrow and a stick or a sword any day. I mean all of the books that I read pretty much are like sci fi fantasy, so, but mostly like medieval ish themed wizards and dragons and all that kind of stuff. So
I
the
company.
Yeah. Yeah, I just don't
care enough.
Yeah, that's why I'm waiting until next year and I know that Horizon forbidden West will be on PS four also, but I think it will um not have all the features, I played Dragon Age Inquisition on PS three first and I loved it and when I got my PS four because there was a DLC um at the end of the game and it doesn't work on Playstation three because the fixed, so
I had to get it for when I got my Playstation four. Um but even just playing through the main storyline again it's completely different, like it's so different, so I would like to play that on PS five, I mean if I have to I can just get it, but um so far I've been able to do enough surveys to have enough savings that I think it's likely, but
I can get it next summer.
Thanks. Thanks. I don't even know what I'm at.
Probably
somewhere.
yeah, having to convert it depending on the day from pounds, $2. It Yes. Right.
What kind of puppy are you going to get?
cute.
I know what those are.
But
What
else?
Get big.
Let's
site can still be a large dog if they want to.
Yeah. I had a miniature dioxin growing
up.
Yeah. She was 23 when she died. We had to put her down. She had back
problems that she got to the point where quality of life just wasn't.
Yeah. My cat, the one that you saw who is now curled up on my lap is 17. And he's just now starting to act like an old cat. Like he gets lard in the bathroom and can't figure out to turn around
to like find me. So we were going to get a kitten um at the beginning of quarantine and shut down. But then once everything was uh out, like all of the rescues, um didn't have animals period because everybody had the same thought. And then he started acting like an old cat. So like well maybe let's just let him not be stressed by having a new addition to the family and we'll deal with that in a couple years.
So.
No he has his own spot on the couch. I got him his own heating pad blanket wrapped around it and his his spots in the middle so that we can both pet him when we watch movies or get around the couch.
He's not a princess at all. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I started um learning uh computer programming myself. I figure it um would be a good idea to have a backup skill in case my job doesn't come back.
Uh And so I set up a desk area. We have like an awkward shaped kitchen with a little side look that's not big enough for like a small table and we just eat in the main like living room area. Anyway, we have like a dining room on the other end of our living room. So I put a desk up against the windows because it's the only spot that gets sunshine in the winter. Uh And he was so distressed that I wasn't sitting on the couch staring at the computer with him. I had to pull over a chair and bring his pillow and set him up his own little office
area next to me.
otherwise he will just scream non stop, just screen
because he knows it works.
pretty quickly.
Yeah. And he he was never really a screamer before, like he talked at you but drink it in.
It
does.
are you trying to come up here too?
My other cat is trying to get up onto the couch but he can't figure out how to jump very well. These are special kitty. He was a street cat rescue. So he was a little bit malnourished
for most of his life. It takes him a while. Yeah.
Thank you. 10.
Thank
you.
What
are they?
One of my partners coworkers actually told her a story yesterday. He just noticed that his bed is covered in cat hair and he leaves his window cracked and a neighbor's cat has adopted him and comes in after the bed and sleeps on his bed and then gets up in the morning and leaves
before
he notices. But it's been happening long enough that there's no noticeable like cat hair spot at the foot of his bed.
Yeah. Smart kitten. And now.
Four.
Yeah. Our neighbors got a kitten a few months ago. She's probably like six months old now, but she comes in and takes naps upstairs. But our cat food is better than their cat food. I think what's happening and
that
they
have like five Children. So
yes, we only have one child halftime. So she comes and she hides in a little sunny spot in the bookshelves upstairs.
Kitchen. Well, I didn't see exactly what time we started, but
I think it's been 25 minutes.
talk to
you.
Yeah. It's always a little bit of anxiety going into these kinds of things
like,
okay, this is my second.
Yeah. It seems it seems good so far.
Yes. Easy. $20. That is for sure.
Yeah, you could do six total.
Most of my friends and family know not to call me to text and ask if they can call
me first.
I
just won't answer
you as well.