SPEAKER_R: Mhm Hello?
SPEAKER_L: it's the young Germany
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Okay. It didn't work at first. I wasn't sure if you could hear me.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Yeah, I can hear you now. How
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in texas. Where are you? Okay? Nice.
SPEAKER_L: anywhere near the hurricane? Harvey area of texas.
SPEAKER_R: Well we are in san Antonio, so not like right on the, by the ocean. I know they get hit the most, so yeah, but I think they're about to get some hurricanes this coming week and we already get arranged today too.
SPEAKER_L: I, I know yeah, that laura storm is out there but I haven't really been following any of it. Um
SPEAKER_R: I know a couple of people who live there. So that's the only really reason why I know because they post about, it's like social media this days ago. I find out from facebook or you know, something that people post about it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't really turn on the tv for the news. I go on instagram and or you know, and if I don't see it on instagram then it's not happening in my world.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, so you do use instagram because people around me, I mean, I feel like unless there from eastern europe, which is where I'm from originally and it's a big thing there, they don't really do instagram as much as some other things.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, what else do people use you think?
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's either facebook or like I think people younger, they're doing Tiktok, whatever the new thing is, I don't, I don't get into it anymore. Like I feel like I have enough.
SPEAKER_L: Where are you from originally?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from Russia. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It comes to America. Do you live here? You live here now in texas? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've been in the states for like 12 years ago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Is there something?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what's going on, but sometimes like for your first part of the sentence, I can't hear and then I hear the last part of the sentence.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's right. Let me try, I'll go in a different room. Let me see if that helps. Yeah, it might be my connection.
SPEAKER_R: It's almost just like the microphone is like going in and out or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think if I sit closer to the router that might be better and books. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, sorry about that.
SPEAKER_R: that's fine.
SPEAKER_L: I said luckily I'm on a laptop so it's easy to move. Look. Okay, hold on 1/2. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: I had to grab my dog. Do you have a dog?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we have a dog and a cat.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. What kind are do you help
SPEAKER_R: We have
SPEAKER_L: for?
SPEAKER_R: a chill weenie. She's shivering somewhere. She's scared of the storm and rain and every time it's storming, she's hiding and just sitting somewhere shivering.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, poor thing. Yeah. Our dog, she used to be really scared of storms, but now that she's older, she can't really hear, she can't really see. And so she doesn't, that's the nice thing about getting older for dogs as they
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: quit with that panic during storms.
SPEAKER_R: oh, that's good. Yeah, she's panicking somewhere.
SPEAKER_L: Um Your english is fantastic for having been born in Russia. Did you grow up learning english?
SPEAKER_R: No, not an election. I started learning in my Like late teens, I'd say it was I think 19 when I started
SPEAKER_L: That's amazing, wow.
SPEAKER_R: if it wasn't because I've spent so much time here I'm sure it would be their non existent or really bad. So it helps that I've lived here a long time.
SPEAKER_L: Have you kept up your Russian? Can you still speak Russian? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that's amazing. So you'll be able to teach your kids and your kids will be bilingual.
SPEAKER_R: Um well I have two kids and I'm trying um it's interesting. I have my older is four and my little one is a baby still but we had to spend 15 months in Russia and she went with me and my husband stayed and she forgot on english. So we actually have some problems now because he feels hurt because they can't understand each other and he kind of blends me for it and and I it's a different thing it's like going into like the marriage I think there's like marriage issues rather than the english non english issue because um I've always spoke Russian to her since she was warm but it wasn't a problem because you know he was around and she went to daycare and you know she spoke english in daycare so it was either pretty even or um I guess she didn't have always Russian was a little bit better because I just spent more time with her. But she could understand and speak enough for her age than obviously we left in. I spoke Russian and everyone around her spoke Russian she forgot whatever english she knew and we came back and it's pandemic and it's like I always felt like we go and come back and we're gonna go you know play have english speaking friends and she's gonna go to pre k.
SPEAKER_L: Age
SPEAKER_R: None of that happens. So she's still home with me and yeah it's been like six months when her english has not improved at all. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well kids they pick up English very quickly. She'll be fine. I don't think you should worry about that. And to the extent that your husband is upset with you at all. I'm sure 90% of that is coronavirus stress. And I'm sure that will pass to I mean anybody in a relationship going through coronavirus that wants to say everything is fabulous is lying. You know what I mean? It's
SPEAKER_R: Don't know.
SPEAKER_L: it's challenging for everyone. So I'm sure I'm sure he's not really holding it against you. I'm sure it's just the stresses of everything.
SPEAKER_R: No, he really believes that I should speak english, He really believes that there is based on like our experience was the older one that the little one should just speak english, and then later on that can teach her Russian, but I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: Agree
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: with that.
SPEAKER_R: I don't agree with that, it feels wrong and it feels like it should come naturally as it does to me and I'm a horrible teacher, I'm I have zero patients, I
SPEAKER_L: Me
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: imagine like later on trying to teach them a different language and for what purpose I don't think, you know, little kids would understand like why would I do it? Like, you know, you speak english, I speak english, everybody speaks english, why didn't want me to do this versus mom speaks Russia, you know, this is it and um I I mean I can understand his frustration, she wants to talk to her in the camp. Um but like me just completely speaking.
SPEAKER_L: he needs to talk to her more. He needs to make an effort. It's on him. It's not on you. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: the first thing I said when you said you spoke Russian is oh my gosh, what a service you're doing to your Children that you're going to. You know that they can speak Russian from birth. That's amazing. And so I I totally agree with you. I I and I think he's blaming you for something that is his own fault. You know if he would speak to her and in the reaction with her more then she would learn english that way too. It's it's not all on you that's not fair
SPEAKER_R: Well it is and I agree, I think he's using is because he's working and I'm not so I spent all day with them. It is not, you
SPEAKER_L: parents.
SPEAKER_R: know. Yeah. Why
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: does your
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: dad or what does your husband do for work?
SPEAKER_R: He works for Boeing?
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow cool. So he's an engineer?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well pretty much, yeah, he
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: does
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: operations, facility operations.
SPEAKER_L: That's interesting. Does he like his job?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yes and no, I think like every job this has frustrating moments, so it's kind of going up and down all the time, like when things are good, things are good, when things are not good, they're not good, you know now that they're stressful times everywhere, I'm just happy is working because I don't know what we would do.
SPEAKER_L: How long have you guys been married?
SPEAKER_R: It's gonna be five years since February.
SPEAKER_L: Okay that's good. Are you guys going to have more kids you think?
SPEAKER_R: well he has three, I have to use his has a daughter from his first marriage and he's He's nine years older than me and I will be 36. So I think he's done like it's not it's just harder than physically to keep up with some of their little. So if
SPEAKER_L: I can imagine I don't have
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: kids.
SPEAKER_R: by accident we end up with another one that would be purely accidental. But that's not a plan. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Um Why did you go back to Russia for 15 months? That's a long time
SPEAKER_R: it is a long time. I when I came to the US long time ago I came as a Fulbright scholar which is like a US department of medication scholarship. And it's a special type of Visa that they give you in a special permission where you can remain in the U. S. As long as you in school. But once you're not in school you cannot apply for a green card. You cannot apply for a work Visa until after you spent two years in your home country. And
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: marriage kids don't change that. Yeah, so there's like certain circumstances where you can try to have that lifted. But the very specific and we did hire a lawyer and we did just that that's why it was 15 months and not two years and it was all about the timing. The timing was wrong because this case is like immigration cases um take a very long time. So when we first filed to have this room lifted in our case, um our lawyer estimated that was like the whole process was going to take about a year and this is about how much I had left in school at the time. Um but it took a lot longer because trump's policies kept extending deadlines for things and then I ran out of status like I had you know I had to leave and it was also at that time when sometimes when you're like in between statuses like okay, we have got something filed. You know my status ended, but we have pending something, you could remain and wait for that to happen and then see what happened. That was our plan. Like we're just gonna wait till something happens with that favor. Um, but at that time trump filed a thing saying that everybody like me had to just leave Or they would acquire an unlawful presence. And if you do have on local presence that you get a banned from returning for 10 years and more, We have a kid, we had a kid at the time I'm married and I'm like, I can't be kicked out of the country and not returning for 10 years because that I mean you might as well just get a divorce, just, you know like what So out of the fear, I'm like, okay, I have to leave and wait until the resolution of that flavor. And as soon as I left three months later, uh, that thing was never enacted because it was challenged by court by lawyers and stuff. So I could have stayed. We just didn't know if all that was going to be overturned and then we got a waiver but I was already overseas and the way it works is like, oh well now that you overseas and you've got a waiver but you can't just come back because now that you're not in the country, you have to apply for reunification. And it's a whole separate process
SPEAKER_L: bob
SPEAKER_R: that takes a very long time. And we got very lucky because it's like it has certain steps to the process. And there was one major step, I feel like um a speedy expedited review And we skipped that one big step. And because we skipped that one back step. Big step I was able to return in March right when the pandemic started. But the borders was one flight that was still going from Russia to New york city. Like
SPEAKER_L: looking,
SPEAKER_R: all other people in that same boat that started as like at the same time as us, they're still in Russia and God knows when they're gonna be back because pandemic embassies are closed. There's no interviews, there's nothing going on. So we like came back and before I left for Russia I found that I was pregnant like a week before. So I had my second baby in Russia without my husband. It was it was crazy.
SPEAKER_L: that's unbelievable. So he didn't even get to meet her?
SPEAKER_R: No he came when she was one month old. He came to Russia. He saw her he spent she he spent four weeks with us.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, that's nice
SPEAKER_R: Yeah he spent four weeks with us. But there's something
SPEAKER_L: but a nightmare, I'm so sorry, that's horrible.
SPEAKER_R: it's horrible but like looking back and we like it feels like we're gonna have a lot of stories to tell our Children and we did survive this. So you know.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm wow. And so did you still have family in Russia? So when you were over there you had someone to stay with or did you have to set up? Okay, that's great,
SPEAKER_R: I stayed with my parents in the apartment that's like literally 10 times less smaller than this house that was like when my husband came to visit he was just blown away by just how tiny that place was and it was like three adults and two kids. Yeah, it was tough.
SPEAKER_L: that's unbelievable. What a story, what is it like to live in Russia?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's very different. You know, it's it's a country is more poor force so and a lot of people live in apartment buildings. You know the ones that sometimes and sometimes I see it I'm like going around the internet like a huge apartment building in china but just literally looks like a box is like a lot of windows. And I always think, well I grew up on one of those and my parents still live in one of those and most people in Russia live in such apartments that just really small. I hear that in europe, like Western europe is also similar because it's expensive. So a lot of people have apartments and they're small, so like whatever is considered two bedroom here would be considered three bedroom in Russia because or like, you know, there's no like, oh this is an entertainment for, you know, like every room you use as a bedroom pretty much and like you use furniture that converts, you know, like a food tongue or something like that to sleep and during the day you just kind of like fold it out so we have some space to entertain people over. They come over stuff like that. This is the very small places.
SPEAKER_L: And then it's probably very cold there too Right
SPEAKER_R: Um Well in the winter, yes. Okay. Four
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: seasons.
SPEAKER_L: uh do you miss any of their food? Like do you make all this Russian food or do you prefer american food?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, you know, at this point I feel like I'm like a blend. There's certain things I miss maybe, but I hate cooking Russian or not rushing because I grew up having to do it. So for me it's a chore. It's not fun. I can do it and I do it every day, but I don't like it.
SPEAKER_L: what are, I don't even know what are famous Russian meals
SPEAKER_R: We eat a lot of soups, like a lot of suits pretty much. I think every family, every day, especially Children, like you have to have soup because it's healthy and that's like a staple lunch soup. So otherwise the same. A lot of potatoes, like fried potatoes, much potatoes, you know, with something to go with it. A lot of pasta, same as here. Um yeah, we don't have as much of this is something I actually missed in Russia here. There's such a big variety of frozen dinners and frozen meals that actually taste to pay, nothing like that is available maybe in Moscow, but I'm not from Moscow, so they're always saying you can find, it's like literally 50 different kinds of Romania, which is dumplings, they're good, you know, but you can't just have dumplings every day as like a quick dinner, you want something different, but there's nothing, it's like, oh god, come on, I've got a really don't want to cook, I just want to stick something in the, like in the open or something, just be done with it in 30 minutes. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: You know I guess the upside to your story is that at least your parents got to spend such quality time with your kids? I mean that's huge.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my my dad really bonded with my older daughter, I mean really just the best buddies he cried cried and cried, he still cries on Skype every time he sees her and of course the little one too, you know he did, he even said that he didn't think he was gonna love the baby as much because he was just so attached to the older one. But he just says is a they got like he was the baby because she was very chill and very smiley and you know and he was the only guy around. So I think it's just like a man has a different kind of failed to the kids. So Yes.
SPEAKER_L: How about that? That's so interesting. That's that is a real upside to it, Do
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: rooms
SPEAKER_L: parents get to travel to the United States much or do you? They're probably too old.
SPEAKER_R: it's very expensive so it's very expensive and like Russia's poor, we did pay for my mom to come a couple of times when my first
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: one was born she came to see her and for the birth really to help out because it was my first baby. I had I had no knowledge of anything. Um and then when she turned one she also came and spent three weeks, but that's it.
SPEAKER_L: And were those the only times your mom came to America by this our country or not necessarily?
SPEAKER_R: The first time she came it was always I mean my daughter was born in august which is the worst time in texas because it's so hot. So literally we just stayed in how in the house and I also had postpartum depression, so it was pretty horrible because I felt bad, I cried all the time, I uh snapped at her so much, I felt super guilty but I couldn't help it, which was one of the reasons that like a year later when I felt better and um the tickets were chip, I told my husband one day I was like, hey can we please do it very reluctantly, he agreed, he really didn't want to spend that much and whatever, but he agreed and she came and it was a little bit better because I you know, I didn't, I was on the whole crying and snappy and she helped with the birthday and at least we got to go to some places a little bit, it's still too hot, it was just way too hot. But she did see a little bit of just places and was a little bit better, but it was still not what I ever envisioned whenever I used to think about how if ever my my mom would come out want to do this, this and that with her. It's yet to happen. But she already told me she'll never come back here.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, how come
SPEAKER_R: Well because they always feel like if we're paying for it, they know how expensive it is and you know, we have all this other stuff to take care of them kids, it's like it's taken away from us and they don't want that.
SPEAKER_L: that's giving of them? Father is married to a woman from Germany, she happened to just be vacationing here. My parents got divorced and my father had moved over, we live in florida and he had moved over to the beach and had a condo and it was a lot of people that only would come in the winter and rent out in the summer. And so my stepmother came with her son from Germany on just holiday for the summer and ended up spending the summer basically living next door to my dad and at the end of the summer they got married and he moved with her. Um and so for a little while they had a place here in florida and they would come and visit and stuff and she absolutely hates it here. Um So they sold their place and they don't they don't come back anymore. She hates America. She hates americans. Um So I'm always interested to hear what people that you know aren't from here originally what they make of the country and the people and our lifestyle because I
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: think,
SPEAKER_R: a lot of
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: things, yeah, I know some people who don't like it here very much and they just pretty much saying because they have a spouse is here and has a job on that the other. I didn't always like it initially to because well but I was younger, I was younger, I was hard was I was 22 turn 23 like a month later when it came. So, but there was a lot of things I really didn't like. In fact after the first semester in school back then I thought I wasn't coming back. Um I was just like, you know, but it was mostly because school was way too hard and my english wasn't at that level yet and it was just very very difficult. But I think honestly it wasn't at the time for my one of my professors who like right I asked to take this one exam early because because of my flight and um he ended up helping me at me. I just ended up having a break down the results because it was so hard with all the exams and stuff. And his wife was also a foreigner and
SPEAKER_L: hello
SPEAKER_R: so he kind of had an idea and he's like, hey, just don't worry about anything, go home and spend some time with your family after you've done, just come back and I promise you it will be easier. I don't know why, but when I did come back it was easier. I don't know. He's just like, I promise you it's going to be better. Just need to get through whatever it is. You know, it's tough. I know because my wife is not from America but it was eventually, but there's still some things I don't like and that's just what it is. It's cultural differences. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: came back. I don't think I would have if I decided I don't like it here. I'm not happy, I would have gotten on that plane and been like I'm never coming back. See you never.
SPEAKER_R: Well, yes, the words that but then I think it was also the feeling of, especially for school, you know, you get the scholarship, you get to go to school for free, which not a lot of people do and I'm like, well, I mean if it continues to be, I can always jump on a plane and come back but I will never know if I could have completed or not. So I think that was what kind of dragged me back and plus he's worse but it's gonna get easier. So I was like, okay, I'm gonna go and then see if you know, I could always like nobody's chaining me down. But hey, I did graduate and then I went on to get my PhD like worked out.
SPEAKER_L: Amazing. And you met your husband while you were in school, Well with you or you just met him out and about.
SPEAKER_R: No. Well, so I did I came to do my Masters initially that was paid for by that scholarship. And then every student after they graduate international students allowed to work for a year if they find a job for that year, I was lucky enough to have found a job for that one year. So I worked for you and during that year I was like well I'm not quite sure what I want to do because in Russia, my degree which was social work, a master's in social work. I know I could do a lot here but I'm not allowed to work. Remember that two years rule, I can't find a job to sponsor me and have
SPEAKER_L: So stupid.
SPEAKER_R: a work. Yeah, so I'm like well and in Russia they there's nothing to do with this degree so I need to think about europe or some other place. But Masters is not enough to go internationally because it's we know licensing and stuff, it's very country specific. So I was like okay, I need to expand it so I could have more opportunities once I'm done. So I applied first for ph D. S and I got into a PhD program. So I convened it with a PhD and PhD takes a lot and I transferred. So because in the school I was at um nobody was doing the research that I was doing. So I felt like I wasn't getting that support that I needed and after four years, which must feel like I was almost done. But I'm like I can't I won't be able to find a job because I don't have enough publications. I don't have the stuff that I know I will need to be competitive to get a job transferred to texas. I was lucky because nobody really transfers and a PhD level. There's no like it's just there's no procedure even but they agreed to help me transferred. Um And I met him in texas. In fact I started talking, I actually made a profile on a dating side, but one of the ones that had just like finding looking for friends option, so I've done that before and it helped and actually found friends that way. So I was like and I stated like I'm not looking for anything that I'm gonna be moving and don't know anybody in the area and that's how we started talking and then we started talking. Then I moved and we were supposed to meet and things didn't work out. We didn't meet, he had stuff going on with his family and then we went all different ways for a year. Just not a word, we didn't talk nothing. And then one day I was like, and I was too busy with my PhD. Anyway. I just transferred new school. I need to work hard. Um a year later on my ipad, I was like, I need to clean it up and gets the radar stuff. And I opened that application. I haven't opened it. And like his message popped up. I don't remember who it was. She said it's been so long. It was like, he seems to know a lot about me because I talked a lot, but I had looked no memories of him at all. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: Oh and then I was like, hold on, that's the guy who had, he said that like his grandma was sick. That's why we couldn't meet. Which I thought it was just a ridiculous excuse of some sort, turns out it was true. Uh But we finally agree like you message back and forth and the world do you want to meet? Okay. And we did meet and pretty much that, but that
SPEAKER_L: Oh I love that. What a nice story. That's such a nice story. Such a good ending.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Here we are almost five years later with two kids.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Oh that's good. Oh well it was so nice getting to know you. I hope you have a good rest of the day.
SPEAKER_R: I know you to it. So it feels like I talked so much. This stuff like I didn't find out anything about you.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you so much for engaging with me and telling me all about your life. You're very very interesting, very accomplished. It's really impressive.
SPEAKER_R: Well thank you so much. I hope you have a nice day too.