it's the young Germany
okay. Yeah, I can hear you now. How
are you?
Where do you live?
anywhere near the hurricane? Harvey area of texas.
I, I know yeah, that laura storm is out there but I haven't really been following any of it. Um
yeah, I don't really turn on the tv for the news. I go on instagram and or you know, and if I don't see it on instagram then it's not happening in my world.
Oh, what else do people use you think?
Where are you from originally?
It comes to America. Do you live here? You live here now in texas? Yeah.
Is there something?
Oh, that's right. Let me try, I'll go in a different room. Let me see if that helps. Yeah, it might be my connection.
Yeah. I think if I sit closer to the router that might be better and books. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, sorry about that.
I said luckily I'm on a laptop so it's easy to move. Look. Okay, hold on 1/2. Yeah,
I had to grab my dog. Do you have a dog?
Okay. What kind are do you help
for?
Oh, poor thing. Yeah. Our dog, she used to be really scared of storms, but now that she's older, she can't really hear, she can't really see. And so she doesn't, that's the nice thing about getting older for dogs as they
quit with that panic during storms.
Um Your english is fantastic for having been born in Russia. Did you grow up learning english?
That's amazing, wow.
Have you kept up your Russian? Can you still speak Russian? Yeah,
that's amazing. So you'll be able to teach your kids and your kids will be bilingual.
Age
Well kids they pick up English very quickly. She'll be fine. I don't think you should worry about that. And to the extent that your husband is upset with you at all. I'm sure 90% of that is coronavirus stress. And I'm sure that will pass to I mean anybody in a relationship going through coronavirus that wants to say everything is fabulous is lying. You know what I mean? It's
it's challenging for everyone. So I'm sure I'm sure he's not really holding it against you. I'm sure it's just the stresses of everything.
Agree
with that.
Me
to
he needs to talk to her more. He needs to make an effort. It's on him. It's not on you. I
mean
the first thing I said when you said you spoke Russian is oh my gosh, what a service you're doing to your Children that you're going to. You know that they can speak Russian from birth. That's amazing. And so I I totally agree with you. I I and I think he's blaming you for something that is his own fault. You know if he would speak to her and in the reaction with her more then she would learn english that way too. It's it's not all on you that's not fair
parents.
What
does your
dad or what does your husband do for work?
Oh wow cool. So he's an engineer?
That's
interesting.
That's interesting. Does he like his job?
How long have you guys been married?
Okay that's good. Are you guys going to have more kids you think?
I can imagine I don't have
kids.
Um Why did you go back to Russia for 15 months? That's a long time
And
bob
looking,
that's unbelievable. So he didn't even get to meet her?
Oh wow, that's nice
but a nightmare, I'm so sorry, that's horrible.
Mhm wow. And so did you still have family in Russia? So when you were over there you had someone to stay with or did you have to set up? Okay, that's great,
that's unbelievable. What a story, what is it like to live in Russia?
And then it's probably very cold there too Right
and then
uh do you miss any of their food? Like do you make all this Russian food or do you prefer american food?
what are, I don't even know what are famous Russian meals
You know I guess the upside to your story is that at least your parents got to spend such quality time with your kids? I mean that's huge.
How about that? That's so interesting. That's that is a real upside to it, Do
your
parents get to travel to the United States much or do you? They're probably too old.
What?
And were those the only times your mom came to America by this our country or not necessarily?
Hey, how come
that's giving of them? Father is married to a woman from Germany, she happened to just be vacationing here. My parents got divorced and my father had moved over, we live in florida and he had moved over to the beach and had a condo and it was a lot of people that only would come in the winter and rent out in the summer. And so my stepmother came with her son from Germany on just holiday for the summer and ended up spending the summer basically living next door to my dad and at the end of the summer they got married and he moved with her. Um and so for a little while they had a place here in florida and they would come and visit and stuff and she absolutely hates it here. Um So they sold their place and they don't they don't come back anymore. She hates America. She hates americans. Um So I'm always interested to hear what people that you know aren't from here originally what they make of the country and the people and our lifestyle because I
think,
I mean
hello
came back. I don't think I would have if I decided I don't like it here. I'm not happy, I would have gotten on that plane and been like I'm never coming back. See you never.
Amazing. And you met your husband while you were in school, Well with you or you just met him out and about.
So stupid.
my gosh.
Oh I love that. What a nice story. That's such a nice story. Such a good ending.
Oh my gosh. Oh that's good. Oh well it was so nice getting to know you. I hope you have a good rest of the day.
Thank you so much for engaging with me and telling me all about your life. You're very very interesting, very accomplished. It's really impressive.