SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah wow mm mm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah mm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yes mm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Sure.
SPEAKER_R: Cliff.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Well how about you? Honestly, I didn't know if anyone's gonna show up. I've been doing this so many times,
SPEAKER_R: I know. This is like my, maybe my third time doing this and no one's ever showed up. So I was actually really shocked. What?
SPEAKER_L: I was ready to just be on my phone the whole time because this is the second time I've done this honestly and the last time they just no one ever showed up. So it says
SPEAKER_R: Home
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: Did you get linked here through prolific?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I did. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Gosh, I've seen they tried, they, I want to say they tried to do it through mechanical turk. I'm not for sure if you're familiar with that. It's like a, it's like also like a survey site kind of um,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they tried it last year and I tried like four times and nothing. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So do you use both of them or have you been using them for a while?
SPEAKER_R: I used both of them. I feel mechanical turk since like 2012. So like prolific.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I'm definitely newer too. Yeah. How about
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: so this is like I've been doing prolific before I guess a few months now, maybe about five or six. So I'm not too familiar with all the other type of survey type things. Um But it seems pretty good. It's a good money if nothing else, you know, so mm.
SPEAKER_R: I am mechanical turk is like, it's not just surveys. They have, they do have academic surveys, but they have a lot of like micro tasks. It's hard to describe. But like I would say a lot of, it's easy to make like a dollar an hour there. Like it's very, it can be super super underpaid. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I like the prolific is not really like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, some of the surveys are like really weird. I heard they have like a minimum they're supposed to do is like 750, but I see something for like 2-20 lb an hour and stuff and like a lot of them very underpaid and I'm like, I don't understand how are you doing this at all?
SPEAKER_R: I know. I feel like I wonder, I hate to say it, but I do wonder if some researchers lie about how long your survey takes because I heard that like in order to post your survey too prolific, you have to pay at least minimum wage in the United Kingdom, which I don't know what that is. But like I agree. Sometimes I'll see a survey that's so low pay and I'm like, I don't know about that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true. That would be horrible if they were doing something like that. So like because a lot of times I try to do like the best as I can to be attentive while I'm doing it and give them good data,
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: But like some of them are so long and stuff but yeah
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: I feel so yesterday I feel bad I returned like a four different surveys. All of them were like well paying. So I was I was so excited. I was like and they were like the kind that hurt to do like when you're listening to like One of them, they were playing really, it was a really loud conversation and then a researcher would say like a word and you have to listen for like 25 minutes straight. And if it could ever be announced, like press the end button and then say the word back. And I was like, After like five minutes I was like, I'm going to scream. I don't even know what you're saying. Like I don't even remember how to
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: speak English anymore. Like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah those are rough. Yeah those long ones where you just have to listen very intensively bad. Those those are hard. Yeah but some of them are really fun. Like I do I like the ones where you have to like they might flash later on the screen. You have to press one of them and it's sort of like a game it kind of goes faster that way at least. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Different yesterday. That was like, I think actually this may have been on mechanical turk but it was different colored circles, but they're all different patterns to them. And I think you were trying to recognize the pattern. So at least it was something like interesting to look at. I agree. I think that makes a difference. Um hmm. I don't know. I actually was so unprepared for some of the shows that I'm like, I wasn't
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: thinking
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: do stuff yeah. I don't know wow.
SPEAKER_R: I was like, I'll catch up on my email for five minutes. It's fine. Yeah. Um so, uh, I don't want to like, I think they didn't even talk about anything, right? I don't, I don't think they had like a limit on what you could talk about.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well what do you have to ask? You have something on your mind?
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't know. Like, I feel like sometimes I'll be doing a survey and be like, why do you take service? And I was like, I'm broke. Like, I don't know. It's like, uh,
SPEAKER_L: that's a
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: quick answer. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't want to ask that because then I'm like, I love research. I love contributing to research. Sure. It's not because I need money. Um yeah, I'm a college student. So,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you do research yourself or do you like how did you come across some of these survey sites? Was
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: it just
SPEAKER_R: I, I am mechanical turk. I don't even remember how I heard about prolific.
SPEAKER_L: was a while ago, I don't blame you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um prolific. I think I actually think I may have been on it might have been the Reddit for him about mechanical turk. I was looking something up and someone mentioned prolific and so then I signed up for it. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: That's what yeah, I was friends with some people in the psychology department and my undergraduate and so like they were putting stuff on here and so um I kind of found out through there and so it was like yeah it's a good way to make money
SPEAKER_R: actually.
SPEAKER_L: and I was like money, so that kind of got me up there, but I did research in undergrad and I'm in grad school now but I'm
SPEAKER_R: excellent.
SPEAKER_L: not in psychology so it's kind of just more so fun and just like um
SPEAKER_R: Gosh,
SPEAKER_L: kind of just learning about new research and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. I do think it's interesting what people are studying, especially if it's like um sometimes surveys will be like super relevant to current events. I remember like especially after the pandemic started, I there were so many surveys about coronavirus. It would be like about shopping and then suddenly they be like, do you have coronavirus? Like the very last question. Like I thought this was about shopping. Like not my help. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah and I feel like I don't know, I feel like because of that like I got so many more surveys because I was doing it like a month before the pandemic and everything. And then and it started, it's just like it was so many after that and I was like, wow, this is good. Like so it was kind of a switch and I definitely think a lot of it was trying to target it and they put it at the end so like you wouldn't have that on your mind and everything, but it's definitely crazy.
SPEAKER_R: I am. I sometimes wonder like, especially if you take a lot of surveys you get used to seeing like the same questions over again. Like I especially, I think sometimes a couple surveys have asked like how many surveys I've taken over the course of my lifetime and I'm like, oh God, I don't even, I don't know a lot. Like I always try to answer, I answer honestly, but at the same time I always think like, AM I not giving them the right kind of data that they're looking for? If I've seen this personality inventory 365,000 times, then like is am
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: start
SPEAKER_R: giving
SPEAKER_L: getting
SPEAKER_R: them the
SPEAKER_L: better
SPEAKER_R: data?
SPEAKER_L: at it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I purposely try like not to look up like I know one of them. It's that one that's like I've never tried to get revenge on someone. Like sometimes try to get even rather than forgive and forget. Like um I think there that one is like, is it an honesty thing or like a social acceptability thing because most people at some point of like the questions are like, I've never said something that have hurt someone's feelings like on purpose and I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think I took one like that and I was like, I want to say I don't do it often but you guys are being too rigid like yeah, but things happen. Yeah, definitely.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, over the course of my lifetime, have I ever insulted someone? Yes, I have. Like, I hate to say it like, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you said you're in grad school now?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I am.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's cool. That's uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: you. Yeah, this was my first year so it was kind of, it was kind of a switch
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: and uh yeah, it was kind of a lot, but I I enjoyed it, I feel like um I'm looking forward for the next year and so
SPEAKER_R: that's good. So did you, did you start last fall and then like your spring semester got messed up with coronavirus? Or did you just start
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: Castle?
SPEAKER_L: know it was the spring semester so like everything was going good and um because I also teach a lab
SPEAKER_R: Who
SPEAKER_L: to so like already
SPEAKER_R: got you?
SPEAKER_L: got used to that and so when that changed and I had to go online, that was kind of a a different experience I guess. So um I don't know, it was it was a good I guess experience to learn how to adapt to it I guess if nothing else but.
SPEAKER_R: She it's been weird. Like I, something happened, we went on spring break and then we just never we never went back. Um and I think I've taken online classes before, but I really like my lab professor is definitely that was the hardest thing to adapt. I was taking a class that was, it's like microscopy, so it's like all hands on experience with different kinds of microscopes. And so a lot of them are like super weird scopes that like my very weird teachers, like I've smuggled this from Germany in my suitcase, like, so there's like, I'm like, how do you how do you adapt that for an online environment? It was that one was really hard. Um That was weird. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's definitely something now that they actually went through it. Um they probably, I feel like some of the schools might try
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: to put a lot of things online um
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like for the rest of the time to just depend on how it worked out. And I think that might get better as time goes on because I know for a lot of professors it was tough making the switch, but going forward, just practice. I guess we'll make it a lot better, a lot smoother. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: I agree. And I do think like, I think since everyone was in the same boat, like people were being more forgiving, like kids would comment in the middle of lectures, like um you know, stuff like that. I think that people maybe during like a normal online class they would be like that's so unprofessional. But like we know that everyone was stuck at home so it was fine like and I think that was good. Um I don't know about your school. My school announced already that we are going back to the fall but I honestly think they're kidding. So like I really do think they're going to dismiss us early. Um How about you guys?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my school hasn't said anything, which I think it's suspicious, but I think honestly it will probably better just for like just to take this semester off and make sure everything is returning smoother. And like the spring semester, I think that's just probably, let's say for mod uh to say, but I don't know. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: My school said they were gonna like they're sending us back and then basically we'll have like thanksgiving break. Um So we don't really have a fall break, we would have like thanksgiving week off and then everything else is going to be online, including finals. But that's totally like three weeks of classes, like that's not a long time to not be on campus. Um I see what they're saying because I think they're, they're worried people would travel and then bring it back with them of course. But like I've, to be honest, I think the only, like I really love my school, I'm not consulting them. I think that they're doing it because they know that a lot of people would leave school if they had to do it online only semester. Like I think there are people who would decide not to go back and I think they're afraid of that to be honest, which I I understand because like, I think some people really hate online warning and I'm like, they don't want to do it and that's their right. For sure.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Yeah, no, definitely, definitely many people who like feel like it was such a thing that like because our school, we, we had certain days or like just basically online learning where like we took like a random day, well our school is big on football, so will usually be a day of a game day and they were like, this is our online learning day and
SPEAKER_R: it's cool.
SPEAKER_L: they would just do that to try to experience it. Yeah, I think it kind of helped a lot of people, but I don't think people were prepared for like an elongated version of that. And so like doing that for like a month or so. I think, uh, might get to a lot of people. And so I definitely understand that because yeah, I mean you came here for a certain reason and you didn't go on the online school for that reason. So I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I think like it is weird. I'm an adult student, I'm an old lady, you know? So I, when I first left high school and went to community college, it was like if you had a piece of technology in class, like the teacher was math, like everything was weird. I took a couple online classes. They were horrible. They were so disorganized. And then I took some time off, went back to like a four year university for the first time as an adult. And then it was like, people were pulling ipads out left and right. People were like, had like a laptop and their ipad. I was like, okay, first of all, calm down. Like,
SPEAKER_L: While
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: Facebook
SPEAKER_R: do?
SPEAKER_L: on one. Yeah, that's what it is. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Like there's always like, it was like the earphones like tucked behind his ears and then like the hair down so you can't see them. I'm like, you're not slick like all at all. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: At least they're trying though. That's, that's one thing I feel
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: while
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: trying to teach. Like I don't know. I also don't have that much teacher experience, so I don't know if I have to say that, but I just kind of the respect almost like not trying to be blaming with it, but like also like I'm not stupid so like I can see that you're not paying attention and stuff, but I don't know. I guess it's safe to just not do it at all. I guess
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: true. What, what's the thing that annoys you like in class? Because I feel like every teacher has their peppy, well deserved, but like what's the thing that annoys you when the students doing
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it's more so like when they're not payment because like what we do in our class, we give a 10 minute lectures to help them with the lab and they have a lab book to go through. So I don't like when like I go through that whole 10 minutes and I basically lay out everything and the first thing someone asked me is, okay, what do I start? And that that's
SPEAKER_R: anymore?
SPEAKER_L: probably the most frustrating thing for me because I'm
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like, I first of all, it's still on the board that I wrote, where to start, you know, I just went there when I told them. And so that that's probably the most frustrating thing, but I don't
SPEAKER_R: so, Oh no.
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: is it like, I don't want to ask too much of the personal information. Is it like in the
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: sciences?
SPEAKER_L: far.
SPEAKER_R: Are you computers like what kind of lab? You don't have to tell me if you
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: don't want to like, I will not be offended.
SPEAKER_L: no, it's fine, it's astronomy lab. So
SPEAKER_R: That's so cool.
SPEAKER_L: major is, yeah, it's really cool. I think I I like it, but I can understand how it could be like for a lot of people because it it really is like they say like their actual classes like different from the lab. And so I'm like that's kind of bad. So that's also why we try to explain as much as we can and uh we don't use a lot of physics yet I guess, but I can understand how it can still be intimidated because it is still like a a science I guess. I don't know. I feel like a shopping is fun note. I definitely am obsessed with astronomy
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's great.
SPEAKER_L: and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's hard. Like, especially, I don't know, like if you're a grad student, obviously love it. Like you're going to like, you really like it. And then students are like, I don't know. I think something about a lab people get really, really scared. Like I remember I had to take jen came one and two and I've already taken them, but they didn't transfer in for some reason. So it was just like, people would get so scared to mix like salt into water. Like it wasn't even like there were no explosions, it wasn't like organic chem lab or like things can really, really go wrong there and do frequently. Oh my God. But
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: it would be like just just black liquid boiling all over your station and you're like fine, I'm just about to blow up the lab, it's fine, whatever, it's fine.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But like, I think people just get scared. They don't want to do the wrong thing. Do you know what I mean? But at the same time If I just told you like open your lab manual, page 34 and they're like what page? And you're like 34.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's what yeah, that might be it. Yeah. You bring your point. They don't want to make mistakes or anything, but like I don't know because all we do is stuff like on lab so that kind of made it easier to um kind of switched to online learning and stuff. And so a lot of the time, the only thing they really need is like Excel and so I guess a lot of people don't know how to use it now. And so like that part, yeah, that part would get them really tripped up and they'll be like okay, I don't know how to plot or anything. And so you know, I have to walk through the steps with that. But I think it's a good skill to at least, you know, start learning is just learn how to use excel.
SPEAKER_R: That's so good that you say that I found the exact same thing to be true because like I don't know like I had computer class when I was young in grade school and then I had to take when I was a community college, like like a computer class where you had to learn like I guess the office suite and I in gen chem lab, there was a girl who did not know that you could use like the keypad, like you know, a long keyboard will have the keypad at the end. She was like, she didn't know that you could turn on num lock and use that to type in numbers. And I was like, I guess because she probably grew up with touch screens, right? And I was like I am
SPEAKER_L: As soon.
SPEAKER_R: 100 years old. I what am I literally was like, oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: that's like because a lot of the Mac books, because that's what I noticed a lot of people use my neck books and something like that might be like a hindrance or it's just like where actual full on keyboard actually has like the extensions and everything f once. And so that's that's interesting to hear those. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wonder if they just don't do they not? I wonder if they don't teach it anymore. Because I feel like people who are younger grew up with computers so much that they're like why would we have a class? Like my five year old nephew can operate netflix better than I can? So like I don't
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: think you need to go to computer class. Like
SPEAKER_L: weird. That's true.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder if that's why.
SPEAKER_L: because we didn't really have like a class I guess to teach how to type because that's the only reason I guess I know how to type fast because my mom was like, why don't you all have something to teach at a type? And I was like, I don't know, I don't need it. But she would always do that. But I mean I guess stuff like that kind of like little things build up to like larger gap in knowledge and stuff. And so I don't know. That's really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: good that
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: your mom, it's good your mom taught you, I we had typing class but I would just be like just like the, you know the picking fingers like like my parents do now, I can type quickly, but like I don't know if I keep my hands in the right place. You know like did your mom have you do that when you're like your index fingers on the F and G. And you have to be like,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. She put a piece of paper in front of me and so I can only look at the screen like
SPEAKER_R: gosh,
SPEAKER_L: that. Yeah. She she really wanted me to know how to type I guess. But like it was, I feel like it now helps me a lot more and I appreciate it. Um more that she really taught me how to do that because
SPEAKER_R: it's good.
SPEAKER_L: otherwise I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I definitely, I feel like I do see students, especially younger ones. I feel like this is just me crapping on younger students for an half an hour. Sorry. That's not what I mean. But they feel like they try to type on a physical keyboard. Like you type on a phone, there will be like thumbs first. I'm like, stop. It isn't tender, Stop it. Oh
SPEAKER_L: That's me. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The sometimes I mentioned stuff and I'm like, listen, I have gray hair, like I can't help you. I'm sorry. Like I'm an old lady, like just just leave me be like, so is your astronomy lab, is it like is it like first year, second year? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um So there are first year students in there, I think it's uh like 1st and 2nd year there aren't any pre represents or anything. Um But yeah, mainly I had first years which which also made it difficult to because it's like their first lab in general and everything and so they're just freaking out every time and like help me I don't know what I'm doing. I was like okay calm down first of all and then we can talk but like I don't know it's a it's a nice transition also because they also have to like write up like a summary of the lab when they're done and so seeing the progression of like it actually being more descriptive is also very satisfying. So I enjoyed it.
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: That's pretty
SPEAKER_R: I feel like, I feel like it would be rewarding, especially in a subject that you already love and you can like force them to love it to
SPEAKER_L: Force
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: India,
SPEAKER_R: least force them to be good at it. You're like you're gonna like it whether you want it or not,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm guessing your chemistry or a bio major or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm a micro Biology major. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So how do you like that? All right.
SPEAKER_R: I am. I love it because I guess I'm a weird everyone
SPEAKER_L: I am a true, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: in my programs weird. Like, I don't know if you have, if you're going to study Germs, no one, we're all freaks. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know. I guess. Oh, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's weird. I love what I studied. I didn't discover it until I was much older. My biology teacher in high school, she was going through like a lot of personal stuff. So like I genuinely hope she's
SPEAKER_L: basically.
SPEAKER_R: well, but like she made biology so boring, like one time we had to sedate like, fruit flies and my friends accidentally still flying nap on their sweaters because I went to catholic schools, we had like the long sweaters um and then my friends were like high on flying nap in the lab, and I was like, biology sucks, it's like, take the subject, I
SPEAKER_L: okay. Yeah. Well, I'm going on in there.
SPEAKER_R: no, please, it was just like, and then the formaldehyde smell, I was like, we had a defect worms, I was like, I'm not having a good time, but I ended up thinking of microbiology course later on because I almost went into something else when I was like, this is dope, what have I been doing? So I love what I studied, it's weird being a micro biology major during a panda. I don't also
SPEAKER_L: That,
SPEAKER_R: say that like, I feel like we've been discussing it since december and so it was like, I feel like a lot of people in my life felt very blindsided and it was hard because like it was all we ever talked about from literally like day one of class, we were like how about that pandemic that's rushing towards us like a title and I kind of like slowly watch it coming, but I don't really have like I have two classes left so I'm almost almost done, but I still like it'll take me a year, so I'm like a super super super senior um not just
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: an
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: age
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: though.
SPEAKER_R: in credit. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Congratulations though. Yeah, that's nice,
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Um But I like I wish I could have, I want I do want to go into actually lab work after this. I wish I had enough credentials to be out there doing something useful because I feel like I
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: have enough knowledge to do something useful, but like I don't have, I still don't have my degree yet. So like if I applied for a job at a lab like you can wash our dishware, wash the glasses, you can sweep the floor I guess maybe like I'll do it but like I feel like I'm not helping. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: So is that what you're aiming for is going to like a national lab or something after? Nice.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if I want to work with anything too crazy um Like a level four lab we have to be like can have decontaminated in and out and like that seems so intimidating to me. I feel like that would be very scary. Um But I really like tropical diseases. I don't I don't like tropical diseases. I hate tropical diseases I would like to eradicate. Yeah, I really hate them.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's cool. So what is a tropical disease, I guess? What is that intel?
SPEAKER_R: So typically
SPEAKER_L: That's what's on
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry. Um
SPEAKER_L: just for someone who isn't really that verse in biology or anything.
SPEAKER_R: Um Typically it would be a disease that it sounds mostly around the equator but unfortunately um they're often neglected. You hear about malaria, you hear about HIV AIDS, but there's like many other diseases and they like they unfortunately sometimes kill people, but most of the times they just name them horribly like where they live in pain for the rest of their lives, it affects their ability to work. Sometimes people go blind or they'll be in horrific pain or they have to have limbs amputated, so it's almost like like a slow painful thing that just ruins your quality of life and then sometimes it ends up killing them because they can't work and then get food, things like that. Um Whereas malaria and HIV AIDS, I can really hear about that a lot. There's a lot of other weird diseases usually are not getting like money and attention.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. That's very, wow. That's interesting. Yeah. So it's uh so are most tropical diseases like non lethal in that sense? Or are they just like a few of them that you're interested in like that?
SPEAKER_R: It depends like because a lot of times the one I'm really interested in is like an isIS which is like the world's most annoying but they're really bad. It could have like a mild form or maybe you end up with like a scar work and have a bad form or like your spleen blows up and you die because you have no red blood cells, you just slowly die. Or sometimes it will be like you can be infected with like a bad disease and then you get HIV and then it's like game over. Um Yeah, it's a shame because again these are like the world's poorest populations so there's like they have no money to pay for treatment even if there were treatments available, like No pharmaceutical company is going to spend $3 billion dollars researching a cure when they're never gonna get that money back.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Because it still is a business song. That's
SPEAKER_R: sadly. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: go get help me out here please. Right,
SPEAKER_L: that's true.
SPEAKER_R: um so are you in astronomy?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh Yeah, I'm in astronomy and physics program. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: So uh technically I'm trying to be an astrophysicist. Uh I thought I wanted to get a PhD, but I kind of want to get a masters because I don't want to be so hyper focused uh if that makes sense. So
SPEAKER_R: I absolutely catching yeah,
SPEAKER_L: thank you. So that's kind of what I want to go with now and afterwards. I probably try to get something that's um closer to a physics, like a national lab or something where I could use that background. And I'll just probably do like astronomy stuff on the side as a hobby because I have a lot of hobbies I guess. So it's just a lot of things I'm interested in doing, which is why I don't want to be so Specific and one thing, but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I joined like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: a museum like where you teach young girls were trying to get them interested in stem. Um I really like it, but the program coordinator, I think she has a PhD in physics but she did her, she did her thesis on astronomy work and she always like this is obviously anecdotal, she's not happy, like it's very like she sees, it feels like it's a very closed off industry, it's hard to get in. Like if you don't, it's a classic thing, it always isn't PhD like if you don't know the right people, like even after you have your doctorate, like that could be the end of the room, which I feel like sucks like
SPEAKER_L: it is, yeah, I feel like a lot of academia is like that too, especially just like kind of like getting positions as well as like you have to have connections, you have already had to have the chance is to basically make headlines already to get into positions, and it's just like, I don't know, pulling yourself up by your bootstraps and trying to do it all by yourself is very difficult. So a lot of the fields are really small because like, I'm interested in uh exoplanets, and so like there's like uh conventions, where it's like we're like 100 or so people and you see the same hundreds every time you go, and so like it's a really small field and so like getting to know everybody is easy if they weren't so pretentious. So like
SPEAKER_R: Classic.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of them. Yeah, so like you have to be introduced to them essentially, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I wish it worked that way. I feel like I agree with what you're saying. I feel like it is that way in almost every field of academia, like especially at that level, it's like 100 people if one of them doesn't like you like suddenly everybody knows and you're like blacklist and I'm like I would love to get a PhD in microbiology. But I feel the exact same way. Like I know unless I happen to land my dream position like by some miracle which I don't see happening that I will be working at Kinko's, this kid goes out of business or this Kinko's even existing. I literally don't even know anymore. Like I agree. Then you end up pigeonholed for some reason and I'm like you would think your expertise would be useful instead. They're like you're never getting a job because you're too
SPEAKER_L: Over
SPEAKER_R: smart. Uh No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God,
SPEAKER_L: that's fair. You know, I do agree with that hyper focus stuff and I and I don't know because it is difficult to get exactly what you want to be in, especially
SPEAKER_R: I'm.
SPEAKER_L: if you're getting a point where um the person you were talking about, like if you get to the point after all that and you're not happy with where you're at and so you have to waste that waste but invest more time into going into something you actually do like it uh very time consuming and I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like she has something like I I see what she's saying, but like she has her like a science blog link in your email signature. And then we're having a meeting like trying to figure out what we're gonna do for the upcoming year at the museum. Like we think what we're gonna do is like have the girls stay at home and we'll just be like virtual sessions because it's not really safe to have a bunch of people brought in. But like I ended up I was like, oh I was like I'll read her blog. And then like her last post was like, I was like, it's like when someone starts like I see her point that she was saying basically that she feels like she was shut out of science because she's a woman and I understand why she would feel like that. Absolutely. Um but she was saying like basically how unhappy she was and like how like how angry she was that it had happened and how she feels like she felt like she wasted her PhD. Um and she never would have gotten a PhD if she had known that it was gonna be like that and such like a tight knit club where if you're out like that's it. Um and I just felt so, I felt so bad reading it like I would be, I would be devastated if I dedicated my life to a PhD and that happened. I would honestly, I don't even know how I would recover, like it seems so hard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it definitely is. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm telling you this woman's drama, like I do not know her, I don't know where literally at all sir.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah it's fine. It's I guess it's important to hear because I mean especially if you're trying to get a PhD, I think it's something to be aware of because it is very pretentious is very competitive and it's just like yeah it's just so small and like I don't know, I feel like everyone wants to be like a rock star I guess and you just want to be very popular in that small field and just like I don't know, seems they're counterproductive.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. We actually have been talking about long. Oh my God. Actually I'm really glad I got to talk to you. I'm glad I got to talk to somebody but I'm feeling
SPEAKER_L: Honestly.
SPEAKER_R: we had a really good conversation so I'm really happy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I really enjoy it. This was this was good. Hm. Yeah this is actually went by quick as well, I'm surprised.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I talk a lot. Sorry? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: It makes it go by faster. So a lot
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: of problem
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: at all.
SPEAKER_R: of honestly. Um good luck with teaching. Good luck honestly getting gradually. That's so exciting. Like I'm so happy. I'm so one. Pretty seriously
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Good luck
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: you get
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: your degree to you're almost there so
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: all the hard work. Yes. All right. So I'm glad I got to meet you so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah me too.
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: Bye.
SPEAKER_L: All right bye bye.
SPEAKER_R: So I don't want to do this. One wants to buy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No it's fine. I'm trying to figure out how to close this and I'm not sure. Oh
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: do we just close out the tab or?
SPEAKER_R: I think one sec I can close out the tab and then you go back to the Qualtrics thing. Like the woman's a timer.
SPEAKER_L: All right well okay. Alright bye
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: bye.