Cliff.
How you doing?
I know. This is like my, maybe my third time doing this and no one's ever showed up. So I was actually really shocked. What?
Home
Did you get linked here through prolific?
Gosh, I've seen they tried, they, I want to say they tried to do it through mechanical turk. I'm not for sure if you're familiar with that. It's like a, it's like also like a survey site kind of um,
yeah, they tried it last year and I tried like four times and nothing. So
I used both of them. I feel mechanical turk since like 2012. So like prolific.
I'm definitely newer too. Yeah. How about
you?
I am mechanical turk is like, it's not just surveys. They have, they do have academic surveys, but they have a lot of like micro tasks. It's hard to describe. But like I would say a lot of, it's easy to make like a dollar an hour there. Like it's very, it can be super super underpaid. Um
I like the prolific is not really like that.
I know. I feel like I wonder, I hate to say it, but I do wonder if some researchers lie about how long your survey takes because I heard that like in order to post your survey too prolific, you have to pay at least minimum wage in the United Kingdom, which I don't know what that is. But like I agree. Sometimes I'll see a survey that's so low pay and I'm like, I don't know about that.
absolutely.
I'm
I feel so yesterday I feel bad I returned like a four different surveys. All of them were like well paying. So I was I was so excited. I was like and they were like the kind that hurt to do like when you're listening to like One of them, they were playing really, it was a really loud conversation and then a researcher would say like a word and you have to listen for like 25 minutes straight. And if it could ever be announced, like press the end button and then say the word back. And I was like, After like five minutes I was like, I'm going to scream. I don't even know what you're saying. Like I don't even remember how to
speak English anymore. Like
Different yesterday. That was like, I think actually this may have been on mechanical turk but it was different colored circles, but they're all different patterns to them. And I think you were trying to recognize the pattern. So at least it was something like interesting to look at. I agree. I think that makes a difference. Um hmm. I don't know. I actually was so unprepared for some of the shows that I'm like, I wasn't
thinking
about
like,
I was like, I'll catch up on my email for five minutes. It's fine. Yeah. Um so, uh, I don't want to like, I think they didn't even talk about anything, right? I don't, I don't think they had like a limit on what you could talk about.
Um I don't know. Like, I feel like sometimes I'll be doing a survey and be like, why do you take service? And I was like, I'm broke. Like, I don't know. It's like, uh,
sorry.
I don't want to ask that because then I'm like, I love research. I love contributing to research. Sure. It's not because I need money. Um yeah, I'm a college student. So,
so
I, I am mechanical turk. I don't even remember how I heard about prolific.
Um prolific. I think I actually think I may have been on it might have been the Reddit for him about mechanical turk. I was looking something up and someone mentioned prolific and so then I signed up for it. How about you?
actually.
excellent.
Gosh,
that's cool. I do think it's interesting what people are studying, especially if it's like um sometimes surveys will be like super relevant to current events. I remember like especially after the pandemic started, I there were so many surveys about coronavirus. It would be like about shopping and then suddenly they be like, do you have coronavirus? Like the very last question. Like I thought this was about shopping. Like not my help. Oh,
I am. I sometimes wonder like, especially if you take a lot of surveys you get used to seeing like the same questions over again. Like I especially, I think sometimes a couple surveys have asked like how many surveys I've taken over the course of my lifetime and I'm like, oh God, I don't even, I don't know a lot. Like I always try to answer, I answer honestly, but at the same time I always think like, AM I not giving them the right kind of data that they're looking for? If I've seen this personality inventory 365,000 times, then like is am
I
giving
them the
data?
Um
I purposely try like not to look up like I know one of them. It's that one that's like I've never tried to get revenge on someone. Like sometimes try to get even rather than forgive and forget. Like um I think there that one is like, is it an honesty thing or like a social acceptability thing because most people at some point of like the questions are like, I've never said something that have hurt someone's feelings like on purpose and I'm like,
I'm like, over the course of my lifetime, have I ever insulted someone? Yes, I have. Like, I hate to say it like, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you said you're in grad school now?
Oh, that's cool. That's uh huh.
wow,
that's good. So did you, did you start last fall and then like your spring semester got messed up with coronavirus? Or did you just start
Castle?
Who
got you?
She it's been weird. Like I, something happened, we went on spring break and then we just never we never went back. Um and I think I've taken online classes before, but I really like my lab professor is definitely that was the hardest thing to adapt. I was taking a class that was, it's like microscopy, so it's like all hands on experience with different kinds of microscopes. And so a lot of them are like super weird scopes that like my very weird teachers, like I've smuggled this from Germany in my suitcase, like, so there's like, I'm like, how do you how do you adapt that for an online environment? It was that one was really hard. Um That was weird. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
What?
And
I agree. And I do think like, I think since everyone was in the same boat, like people were being more forgiving, like kids would comment in the middle of lectures, like um you know, stuff like that. I think that people maybe during like a normal online class they would be like that's so unprofessional. But like we know that everyone was stuck at home so it was fine like and I think that was good. Um I don't know about your school. My school announced already that we are going back to the fall but I honestly think they're kidding. So like I really do think they're going to dismiss us early. Um How about you guys?
My school said they were gonna like they're sending us back and then basically we'll have like thanksgiving break. Um So we don't really have a fall break, we would have like thanksgiving week off and then everything else is going to be online, including finals. But that's totally like three weeks of classes, like that's not a long time to not be on campus. Um I see what they're saying because I think they're, they're worried people would travel and then bring it back with them of course. But like I've, to be honest, I think the only, like I really love my school, I'm not consulting them. I think that they're doing it because they know that a lot of people would leave school if they had to do it online only semester. Like I think there are people who would decide not to go back and I think they're afraid of that to be honest, which I I understand because like, I think some people really hate online warning and I'm like, they don't want to do it and that's their right. For sure.
it's cool.
I think like it is weird. I'm an adult student, I'm an old lady, you know? So I, when I first left high school and went to community college, it was like if you had a piece of technology in class, like the teacher was math, like everything was weird. I took a couple online classes. They were horrible. They were so disorganized. And then I took some time off, went back to like a four year university for the first time as an adult. And then it was like, people were pulling ipads out left and right. People were like, had like a laptop and their ipad. I was like, okay, first of all, calm down. Like,
what
do you
do?
Like there's always like, it was like the earphones like tucked behind his ears and then like the hair down so you can't see them. I'm like, you're not slick like all at all. Yeah.
that's
true.
Well,
that's
true. What, what's the thing that annoys you like in class? Because I feel like every teacher has their peppy, well deserved, but like what's the thing that annoys you when the students doing
anymore?
No.
so, Oh no.
Okay.
Uh
is it like, I don't want to ask too much of the personal information. Is it like in the
sciences?
Are you computers like what kind of lab? You don't have to tell me if you
don't want to like, I will not be offended.
That's so cool.
Well, that's great.
I think it's hard. Like, especially, I don't know, like if you're a grad student, obviously love it. Like you're going to like, you really like it. And then students are like, I don't know. I think something about a lab people get really, really scared. Like I remember I had to take jen came one and two and I've already taken them, but they didn't transfer in for some reason. So it was just like, people would get so scared to mix like salt into water. Like it wasn't even like there were no explosions, it wasn't like organic chem lab or like things can really, really go wrong there and do frequently. Oh my God. But
like,
it would be like just just black liquid boiling all over your station and you're like fine, I'm just about to blow up the lab, it's fine, whatever, it's fine.
But like, I think people just get scared. They don't want to do the wrong thing. Do you know what I mean? But at the same time If I just told you like open your lab manual, page 34 and they're like what page? And you're like 34.
That's so good that you say that I found the exact same thing to be true because like I don't know like I had computer class when I was young in grade school and then I had to take when I was a community college, like like a computer class where you had to learn like I guess the office suite and I in gen chem lab, there was a girl who did not know that you could use like the keypad, like you know, a long keyboard will have the keypad at the end. She was like, she didn't know that you could turn on num lock and use that to type in numbers. And I was like, I guess because she probably grew up with touch screens, right? And I was like I am
100 years old. I what am I literally was like, oh my God.
Yeah. I
wonder if they just don't do they not? I wonder if they don't teach it anymore. Because I feel like people who are younger grew up with computers so much that they're like why would we have a class? Like my five year old nephew can operate netflix better than I can? So like I don't
think you need to go to computer class. Like
I wonder if that's why.
Yeah. That's
good that
your mom, it's good your mom taught you, I we had typing class but I would just be like just like the, you know the picking fingers like like my parents do now, I can type quickly, but like I don't know if I keep my hands in the right place. You know like did your mom have you do that when you're like your index fingers on the F and G. And you have to be like,
gosh,
it's good.
Yeah, I definitely, I feel like I do see students, especially younger ones. I feel like this is just me crapping on younger students for an half an hour. Sorry. That's not what I mean. But they feel like they try to type on a physical keyboard. Like you type on a phone, there will be like thumbs first. I'm like, stop. It isn't tender, Stop it. Oh
Yeah. The sometimes I mentioned stuff and I'm like, listen, I have gray hair, like I can't help you. I'm sorry. Like I'm an old lady, like just just leave me be like, so is your astronomy lab, is it like is it like first year, second year? Yeah.
that's good.
I feel like, I feel like it would be rewarding, especially in a subject that you already love and you can like force them to love it to
at
least force them to be good at it. You're like you're gonna like it whether you want it or not,
Yes.
Yeah, I'm a micro Biology major. Yeah,
I am. I love it because I guess I'm a weird everyone
in my programs weird. Like, I don't know if you have, if you're going to study Germs, no one, we're all freaks. I don't know.
it's weird. I love what I studied. I didn't discover it until I was much older. My biology teacher in high school, she was going through like a lot of personal stuff. So like I genuinely hope she's
well, but like she made biology so boring, like one time we had to sedate like, fruit flies and my friends accidentally still flying nap on their sweaters because I went to catholic schools, we had like the long sweaters um and then my friends were like high on flying nap in the lab, and I was like, biology sucks, it's like, take the subject, I
no, please, it was just like, and then the formaldehyde smell, I was like, we had a defect worms, I was like, I'm not having a good time, but I ended up thinking of microbiology course later on because I almost went into something else when I was like, this is dope, what have I been doing? So I love what I studied, it's weird being a micro biology major during a panda. I don't also
say that like, I feel like we've been discussing it since december and so it was like, I feel like a lot of people in my life felt very blindsided and it was hard because like it was all we ever talked about from literally like day one of class, we were like how about that pandemic that's rushing towards us like a title and I kind of like slowly watch it coming, but I don't really have like I have two classes left so I'm almost almost done, but I still like it'll take me a year, so I'm like a super super super senior um not just
an
age
but
in credit. Uh
thank you. Um But I like I wish I could have, I want I do want to go into actually lab work after this. I wish I had enough credentials to be out there doing something useful because I feel like I
have enough knowledge to do something useful, but like I don't have, I still don't have my degree yet. So like if I applied for a job at a lab like you can wash our dishware, wash the glasses, you can sweep the floor I guess maybe like I'll do it but like I feel like I'm not helping. Yeah
I don't know if I want to work with anything too crazy um Like a level four lab we have to be like can have decontaminated in and out and like that seems so intimidating to me. I feel like that would be very scary. Um But I really like tropical diseases. I don't I don't like tropical diseases. I hate tropical diseases I would like to eradicate. Yeah, I really hate them.
So typically
I'm sorry. Um
Um Typically it would be a disease that it sounds mostly around the equator but unfortunately um they're often neglected. You hear about malaria, you hear about HIV AIDS, but there's like many other diseases and they like they unfortunately sometimes kill people, but most of the times they just name them horribly like where they live in pain for the rest of their lives, it affects their ability to work. Sometimes people go blind or they'll be in horrific pain or they have to have limbs amputated, so it's almost like like a slow painful thing that just ruins your quality of life and then sometimes it ends up killing them because they can't work and then get food, things like that. Um Whereas malaria and HIV AIDS, I can really hear about that a lot. There's a lot of other weird diseases usually are not getting like money and attention.
It depends like because a lot of times the one I'm really interested in is like an isIS which is like the world's most annoying but they're really bad. It could have like a mild form or maybe you end up with like a scar work and have a bad form or like your spleen blows up and you die because you have no red blood cells, you just slowly die. Or sometimes it will be like you can be infected with like a bad disease and then you get HIV and then it's like game over. Um Yeah, it's a shame because again these are like the world's poorest populations so there's like they have no money to pay for treatment even if there were treatments available, like No pharmaceutical company is going to spend $3 billion dollars researching a cure when they're never gonna get that money back.
sadly. Yeah. Um
go get help me out here please. Right,
um so are you in astronomy?
Mm.
I absolutely catching yeah,
I know, I joined like
a museum like where you teach young girls were trying to get them interested in stem. Um I really like it, but the program coordinator, I think she has a PhD in physics but she did her, she did her thesis on astronomy work and she always like this is obviously anecdotal, she's not happy, like it's very like she sees, it feels like it's a very closed off industry, it's hard to get in. Like if you don't, it's a classic thing, it always isn't PhD like if you don't know the right people, like even after you have your doctorate, like that could be the end of the room, which I feel like sucks like
Classic.
I wish it worked that way. I feel like I agree with what you're saying. I feel like it is that way in almost every field of academia, like especially at that level, it's like 100 people if one of them doesn't like you like suddenly everybody knows and you're like blacklist and I'm like I would love to get a PhD in microbiology. But I feel the exact same way. Like I know unless I happen to land my dream position like by some miracle which I don't see happening that I will be working at Kinko's, this kid goes out of business or this Kinko's even existing. I literally don't even know anymore. Like I agree. Then you end up pigeonholed for some reason and I'm like you would think your expertise would be useful instead. They're like you're never getting a job because you're too
smart. Uh No.
Oh my God,
I'm.
I feel like she has something like I I see what she's saying, but like she has her like a science blog link in your email signature. And then we're having a meeting like trying to figure out what we're gonna do for the upcoming year at the museum. Like we think what we're gonna do is like have the girls stay at home and we'll just be like virtual sessions because it's not really safe to have a bunch of people brought in. But like I ended up I was like, oh I was like I'll read her blog. And then like her last post was like, I was like, it's like when someone starts like I see her point that she was saying basically that she feels like she was shut out of science because she's a woman and I understand why she would feel like that. Absolutely. Um but she was saying like basically how unhappy she was and like how like how angry she was that it had happened and how she feels like she felt like she wasted her PhD. Um and she never would have gotten a PhD if she had known that it was gonna be like that and such like a tight knit club where if you're out like that's it. Um and I just felt so, I felt so bad reading it like I would be, I would be devastated if I dedicated my life to a PhD and that happened. I would honestly, I don't even know how I would recover, like it seems so hard.
I'm telling you this woman's drama, like I do not know her, I don't know where literally at all sir.
I agree. Yeah.
Oh wow. We actually have been talking about long. Oh my God. Actually I'm really glad I got to talk to you. I'm glad I got to talk to somebody but I'm feeling
we had a really good conversation so I'm really happy.
Yeah. I talk a lot. Sorry? Uh huh.
That's
good
of honestly. Um good luck with teaching. Good luck honestly getting gradually. That's so exciting. Like I'm so happy. I'm so one. Pretty seriously
I don't
get
it.
Thank you.
Yeah me too.
Bye.
So I don't want to do this. One wants to buy.
What?
I think one sec I can close out the tab and then you go back to the Qualtrics thing. Like the woman's a timer.
there