Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah wow mm mm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah mm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yes mm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Sure.
Hello?
Well how about you? Honestly, I didn't know if anyone's gonna show up. I've been doing this so many times,
I was ready to just be on my phone the whole time because this is the second time I've done this honestly and the last time they just no one ever showed up. So it says
this
Yes, I did. Yeah.
Okay. That's cool.
Yeah. So do you use both of them or have you been using them for a while?
So
so
so this is like I've been doing prolific before I guess a few months now, maybe about five or six. So I'm not too familiar with all the other type of survey type things. Um But it seems pretty good. It's a good money if nothing else, you know, so mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, some of the surveys are like really weird. I heard they have like a minimum they're supposed to do is like 750, but I see something for like 2-20 lb an hour and stuff and like a lot of them very underpaid and I'm like, I don't understand how are you doing this at all?
Yeah, that's true. That would be horrible if they were doing something like that. So like because a lot of times I try to do like the best as I can to be attentive while I'm doing it and give them good data,
But like some of them are so long and stuff but yeah
definitely.
man.
Yeah those are rough. Yeah those long ones where you just have to listen very intensively bad. Those those are hard. Yeah but some of them are really fun. Like I do I like the ones where you have to like they might flash later on the screen. You have to press one of them and it's sort of like a game it kind of goes faster that way at least. But yeah.
I was
about
to
do stuff yeah. I don't know wow.
All right. Well what do you have to ask? You have something on your mind?
that's a
quick answer. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Do you do research yourself or do you like how did you come across some of these survey sites? Was
it just
was a while ago, I don't blame you. Yeah.
That's what yeah, I was friends with some people in the psychology department and my undergraduate and so like they were putting stuff on here and so um I kind of found out through there and so it was like yeah it's a good way to make money
and I was like money, so that kind of got me up there, but I did research in undergrad and I'm in grad school now but I'm
not in psychology so it's kind of just more so fun and just like um
kind of just learning about new research and stuff.
No. Yeah and I feel like I don't know, I feel like because of that like I got so many more surveys because I was doing it like a month before the pandemic and everything. And then and it started, it's just like it was so many after that and I was like, wow, this is good. Like so it was kind of a switch and I definitely think a lot of it was trying to target it and they put it at the end so like you wouldn't have that on your mind and everything, but it's definitely crazy.
You
start
getting
better
at it. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I think I took one like that and I was like, I want to say I don't do it often but you guys are being too rigid like yeah, but things happen. Yeah, definitely.
Yeah. Yeah, I am.
you. Yeah, this was my first year so it was kind of, it was kind of a switch
and uh yeah, it was kind of a lot, but I I enjoyed it, I feel like um I'm looking forward for the next year and so
you
know it was the spring semester so like everything was going good and um because I also teach a lab
to so like already
got used to that and so when that changed and I had to go online, that was kind of a a different experience I guess. So um I don't know, it was it was a good I guess experience to learn how to adapt to it I guess if nothing else but.
Yeah,
I think it's definitely something now that they actually went through it. Um they probably, I feel like some of the schools might try
to put a lot of things online um
like for the rest of the time to just depend on how it worked out. And I think that might get better as time goes on because I know for a lot of professors it was tough making the switch, but going forward, just practice. I guess we'll make it a lot better, a lot smoother. Okay,
Yeah, my school hasn't said anything, which I think it's suspicious, but I think honestly it will probably better just for like just to take this semester off and make sure everything is returning smoother. And like the spring semester, I think that's just probably, let's say for mod uh to say, but I don't know. I don't know.
definitely. Yeah, no, definitely, definitely many people who like feel like it was such a thing that like because our school, we, we had certain days or like just basically online learning where like we took like a random day, well our school is big on football, so will usually be a day of a game day and they were like, this is our online learning day and
they would just do that to try to experience it. Yeah, I think it kind of helped a lot of people, but I don't think people were prepared for like an elongated version of that. And so like doing that for like a month or so. I think, uh, might get to a lot of people. And so I definitely understand that because yeah, I mean you came here for a certain reason and you didn't go on the online school for that reason. So I don't know.
While
on
Facebook
on one. Yeah, that's what it is. Yeah,
At least they're trying though. That's, that's one thing I feel
while
trying to teach. Like I don't know. I also don't have that much teacher experience, so I don't know if I have to say that, but I just kind of the respect almost like not trying to be blaming with it, but like also like I'm not stupid so like I can see that you're not paying attention and stuff, but I don't know. I guess it's safe to just not do it at all. I guess
for
you.
Yeah, I mean it's more so like when they're not payment because like what we do in our class, we give a 10 minute lectures to help them with the lab and they have a lab book to go through. So I don't like when like I go through that whole 10 minutes and I basically lay out everything and the first thing someone asked me is, okay, what do I start? And that that's
probably the most frustrating thing for me because I'm
like, I first of all, it's still on the board that I wrote, where to start, you know, I just went there when I told them. And so that that's probably the most frustrating thing, but I don't
Uh
huh.
Yeah,
So
far.
So
no, it's fine, it's astronomy lab. So
major is, yeah, it's really cool. I think I I like it, but I can understand how it could be like for a lot of people because it it really is like they say like their actual classes like different from the lab. And so I'm like that's kind of bad. So that's also why we try to explain as much as we can and uh we don't use a lot of physics yet I guess, but I can understand how it can still be intimidated because it is still like a a science I guess. I don't know. I feel like a shopping is fun note. I definitely am obsessed with astronomy
and stuff. Yeah.
I
don't know.
that's cool. Yeah.
Yeah. That's what yeah, that might be it. Yeah. You bring your point. They don't want to make mistakes or anything, but like I don't know because all we do is stuff like on lab so that kind of made it easier to um kind of switched to online learning and stuff. And so a lot of the time, the only thing they really need is like Excel and so I guess a lot of people don't know how to use it now. And so like that part, yeah, that part would get them really tripped up and they'll be like okay, I don't know how to plot or anything. And so you know, I have to walk through the steps with that. But I think it's a good skill to at least, you know, start learning is just learn how to use excel.
As soon.
that's like because a lot of the Mac books, because that's what I noticed a lot of people use my neck books and something like that might be like a hindrance or it's just like where actual full on keyboard actually has like the extensions and everything f once. And so that's that's interesting to hear those. Uh huh.
Yeah.
That's
weird. That's true.
because we didn't really have like a class I guess to teach how to type because that's the only reason I guess I know how to type fast because my mom was like, why don't you all have something to teach at a type? And I was like, I don't know, I don't need it. But she would always do that. But I mean I guess stuff like that kind of like little things build up to like larger gap in knowledge and stuff. And so I don't know. That's really interesting.
That's
fine.
Yeah. She put a piece of paper in front of me and so I can only look at the screen like
that. Yeah. She she really wanted me to know how to type I guess. But like it was, I feel like it now helps me a lot more and I appreciate it. Um more that she really taught me how to do that because
otherwise I don't know.
That's me. Oh
Um So there are first year students in there, I think it's uh like 1st and 2nd year there aren't any pre represents or anything. Um But yeah, mainly I had first years which which also made it difficult to because it's like their first lab in general and everything and so they're just freaking out every time and like help me I don't know what I'm doing. I was like okay calm down first of all and then we can talk but like I don't know it's a it's a nice transition also because they also have to like write up like a summary of the lab when they're done and so seeing the progression of like it actually being more descriptive is also very satisfying. So I enjoyed it.
That's pretty
Force
India,
Yeah, that's true. Mm.
So I'm guessing your chemistry or a bio major or something.
So how do you like that? All right.
I am a true, yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. I guess. Oh, yeah,
basically.
okay. Yeah. Well, I'm going on in there.
That,
That's
still
good
though.
Congratulations though. Yeah, that's nice,
And
So is that what you're aiming for is going to like a national lab or something after? Nice.
Okay. That's cool. So what is a tropical disease, I guess? What is that intel?
That's what's on
just for someone who isn't really that verse in biology or anything.
Mhm. That's very, wow. That's interesting. Yeah. So it's uh so are most tropical diseases like non lethal in that sense? Or are they just like a few of them that you're interested in like that?
Oh yeah. Because it still is a business song. That's
wow.
that's true.
Mhm. Uh Yeah, I'm in astronomy and physics program. Um
So uh technically I'm trying to be an astrophysicist. Uh I thought I wanted to get a PhD, but I kind of want to get a masters because I don't want to be so hyper focused uh if that makes sense. So
thank you. So that's kind of what I want to go with now and afterwards. I probably try to get something that's um closer to a physics, like a national lab or something where I could use that background. And I'll just probably do like astronomy stuff on the side as a hobby because I have a lot of hobbies I guess. So it's just a lot of things I'm interested in doing, which is why I don't want to be so Specific and one thing, but yeah.
What?
it is, yeah, I feel like a lot of academia is like that too, especially just like kind of like getting positions as well as like you have to have connections, you have already had to have the chance is to basically make headlines already to get into positions, and it's just like, I don't know, pulling yourself up by your bootstraps and trying to do it all by yourself is very difficult. So a lot of the fields are really small because like, I'm interested in uh exoplanets, and so like there's like uh conventions, where it's like we're like 100 or so people and you see the same hundreds every time you go, and so like it's a really small field and so like getting to know everybody is easy if they weren't so pretentious. So like
a lot of them. Yeah, so like you have to be introduced to them essentially, so. Yeah.
Over
Yeah. Yeah,
that's fair. You know, I do agree with that hyper focus stuff and I and I don't know because it is difficult to get exactly what you want to be in, especially
if you're getting a point where um the person you were talking about, like if you get to the point after all that and you're not happy with where you're at and so you have to waste that waste but invest more time into going into something you actually do like it uh very time consuming and I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah it definitely is. Yeah. Mhm.
Oh yeah it's fine. It's I guess it's important to hear because I mean especially if you're trying to get a PhD, I think it's something to be aware of because it is very pretentious is very competitive and it's just like yeah it's just so small and like I don't know, I feel like everyone wants to be like a rock star I guess and you just want to be very popular in that small field and just like I don't know, seems they're counterproductive.
Mhm.
Honestly.
Yeah, I really enjoy it. This was this was good. Hm. Yeah this is actually went by quick as well, I'm surprised.
It makes it go by faster. So a lot
of problem
at all.
Thank you. Good luck
when
you get
your degree to you're almost there so
all the hard work. Yes. All right. So I'm glad I got to meet you so
All right.
All right bye bye.
Yeah. No it's fine. I'm trying to figure out how to close this and I'm not sure. Oh
do we just close out the tab or?
All right well okay. Alright bye
bye.