Yeah.
Okay. Well
hey what's up
Sherry? I'm Damon.
Where you look at it?
huh, California. I think I've met one more person doing this who lives in California. I was actually born there.
Uh Currently I'm in florida Orlando florida. I
live.
maybe maybe that's the point of their study. They haven't really told anybody about what it is, so maybe it's like connecting people across.
I think it was sacramento. I don't remember because I have I moved out when I was really young. Um So I was there for like maybe 1 to 4 years, but I was like when I was a tiny tiny baby, so I don't remember much at all,
but otherwise I was pretty much raised in florida, wow,
the humidity is bad, but I mean I stay inside all day so it's not a big deal, I don't have to worry about it.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. We have a C. On like pretty much all the time. Yeah. It's.
Who did you? Mhm. I can't imagine not having a C because one time I was visiting an aunt in texas and she just doesn't have a c in her house and it was, it was awful. I felt like I was dying the whole time.
It's just constantly, so it's like dry
heat
too. So
it's
the thing is, it's like, you gotta be careful because I think you can easily like overheat from that if you're not here, if you're not careful. Mhm. So you gotta go to constantly stay hydrated because you'll feel fine, but like you'll you'll be sick,
like
no, luckily I haven't, but I have a friend, I did like, wasn't drinking water properly whenever they were in like dry heat and the they had to like take it easy for the past few days and like stay hydrated, like hardcore, like actually put time into it, kind of like kind of like a, like a sports person would like staying hydrated before a game. Mhm.
One time I had to drive up to Alabama, I was going to see my girlfriend and the the heat was also pretty bad there, it was also a dry heat, so I had to get used to that because it's also really mountainous compared to florida because it's super flat here, so we don't have to worry about that, but then you just get hit with a really bad dry heat in Alabama. Do you travel a lot?
I've just been staying inside the whole time, wow.
I live with roommates and also my cousin who owns the house, it's like a compensation area. I moved out when I was 18, so I've been living on my own for like two years now, so I'm 20. What?
Yeah, I
guess
I think it's just asian people look young. Okay.
No.
From
three people. Yeah, so including myself, so I got to I got one brother roommate and then my cousin who was also remained technically
and
then we
kind
of I I was until Covid hit and then um I kind of stopped. So the thing was I I withdrew from my second year of classes, I think because because of personal reasons and also like I kind of made a bad decision
by stacking
up on too many heavy classes I took. I took chemistry talc to and physics all in one semester and that was bad. Um But
also that was that was like the straw that broke the camel's back. So
I withdrew from that and I haven't gone to school since then, which was I say maybe a year ago, I don't remember, but it's been a while since I've gone back to school and because of this whole situation, it's kind of like, I don't know if I'll be able to go back to school easily because I'm not really a person that does well with like, working online
and also um apparently UCF has been still getting like infections because
they're not every every every university is still
very
bad.
So
yeah, people, people just want to do their thing, which is really not not good at all.
now,
luckily,
no, but um after like, reading about all the stuff that can happen, like you'll be permanently affected or it's it's just so up in the air, it's like, who knows what could happen if you don't, like, I don't think anybody like young will be like, hugely affected by it, but I've heard like it can damage your breathing and like I don't want that. So I've still been I've been kind of scared of it.
What
like
to
have?
luckily we're all nerds so we don't we don't go out but I think they're pretty responsible and uh 11 person just we all pretty much stay inside
for
the most part unless they
go out, go shopping and even then we like wear masks and stuff,
you might go
together
that come on.
Uh We're kind of like all on our own, we sort of do our own thing. What's your living situation like
are?
What is it? Is it very different from L. A. Because I just assumed that like this big cities to me.
What?
Cream?
Like
four star
just
but
no.
lot
of money.
It seems like there's a lot of like asian food and restaurants and just communities in the dense densely populated areas. Like
big cities, bigger cities. It's kind of like that in Orlando. Like when you go downtown
usually find like lots of like Vietnamese shops or whatever like
farmers markets and stuff. So.
All
No my parents are Cambodian so I'm first generation here. Oh.
I don't I don't know if they're factoring in the demographic. I think it's just random because I've met a few people just
this is my fourth I think fourth or 3rd. 4th, 4th 4th yeah this is my fourth time. So I've got like I got I got two more after this so I'm trying to make as much money as I can out of out
of the study And
it's it's pretty easy at the beginning. I was kind of scared. It's like, Oh gosh, 25 minutes. What am I gonna talk about in 25 minutes with just a random stranger? But it seems pretty natural once you get used to it. Mm
It's not that bad.
Number
three. Mm
Yeah, sorry, it's the exposure is really bright because just this camera is kind of garbage but that is a window right there with a
with a with the
yeah, with a towel like blocking the thing because otherwise it shines directly under my monitor and I can't see anything.
So it's just very minor things, but I can see why that looks. So I'm looking at the view right now, it's just it's just like pure white. I can see why you'd be confused. So yeah, I got like a little tiny room,
jesus
standard.
This
kind of, yeah, my parents wouldn't be happy to hear that, but I kind of do just stay inside all day. Yeah,
they are. So
I live in Orlando which is like central florida. They live up near north florida, which is like near Jacksonville. I don't know if you've heard of Jacksonville, but
they live in that area, so it's like a 2, 2.5 hour driver. So yeah,
I think my mom wants me to like, like she misses me, like she wants you, he wants me to come home and make food for me all the time because the first time whenever I first moved out and like um what is it? And I visited them for like a family gathering. I like slim down a lot. I think whenever, whenever I was, whenever I moved out I was £160 or something and after like a year or so I was 1 15 so I lost like 40 or so pounds and that scared him really badly. So my mom was always worried about like making sure I get enough food to eat And stuff. Like every time I visit she'll make at least 22 bags of food for me to bring back and like stuff into my car. So I don't know if that's just like the doting doting mother sort of it's a deal
husbands
and
understand
that
this
normal
so
and then
so
it's
promotion.
Well
there's
no hope.
I don't know about that. Yeah.
What
what
For
more
insight.
What
you heard?
They were they were they're probably both affected by the same. If if your family is also first generation uh then they were probably probably affected by the same like war during like the immigration
all
my
life.
But
you're
little bit,
I'm in my 20s.
Let's see.
So
my
life
50 50 or 60. It's it's been I don't quite remember. Probably
probably like late 50s. So
what about
you four?
I don't think they escaped. They immigrated. Oh so it was it wasn't as dire situation. But I do remember my dad talking about like having to like navigate minefields and stuff. Yeah, I don't know if anything like that happened, but
it was pretty bad. Like it's scary to think about
but
I haven't
They do a lot of like they have like a bunch of mind technology now. Like it's whether it's like breaded animals or just like I've heard about this one just
big
ball that's like shaped like a tumbleweed. It just blows around and then triggers minds. It's like completely unmanned. It's just made out of really sturdy material. So maybe for like big areas that would be helpful. But there's, there's a lot of tech now and hopefully it's not as bad as it used to be.
Um, no, she doesn't, I don't think she travels much. She can't, she can't work because of this whole situation, but she's done. I don't think she's visited much, but it's, it's whenever I visit, she always calls and asks, who's like, hey, when are you gonna come visit and stuff? And I usually only go during like big family
gatherings and stuff. So I don't know if I'm gonna be going to thanksgiving because the whole situation, but that's,
that would be like the time I would visit or if it's like during a cousin, like a close cousins, like birthday
or
graduation, just whatever celebration. That's that's whenever she takes the opportunity to make like steamed buns or whatever or like rice cakes
or something and just just sends it.
No I have two brothers, 2 younger brothers.
Yeah, so there are two years apart and I think so if that's the case then My middle brother is like 18 now or something or it might be three years before, I don't remember now, it's been so long. I don't remember the age of my brothers anymore but
they
they still they still live with their family and uh I don't know if they're gonna be moving out or anything because it's probably a pain too pay for the expenses for everyone, but I think I think they're staying with them so it's just me who's who's out? Yeah.
Okay.
I think yeah I'd say we were pretty close. Um. Uh We we don't talk we don't really like talk that we didn't really talk that much whenever we were like living together, but whenever we do meet up now it's like oh we catch up and stuff and we like your thing together sort of not really reminisce but just like play games together because that's what we do.
we played Tetris because that's
like the one thing that yeah it's so weird.
It's like that's that's in 2020 we're playing Tetris still. There's a lot of death to that. So um
you know you know like how people go crazy over like football? That's kind of what we're like. It's kind it has it has kind of like a weird
death to that. That's
like
I don't know why but that's just that's just seems like the easiest thing to pick up and for both of us to get into.
No.
T spins.
that's
the spin.
Yeah. Yeah that's that's what I'm explaining like the they done stuff. Mm
Well
when when did you start playing
like on the on the NEs
or?
Okay so in those old versions, they didn't have stuff like t spinning
or SSR those were introduced uh maybe like later on, probably only a few years after that, but it's been sort of like a staple of the whole franchise now. So that's like the way to rack up points and the way to do damage if you're like fighting each other.
The
thing is you have to um sort of recognize patterns.
So
so if there's like an open like slot then you can place then you'll know like oh I can place a certain peace over this and it will form that formation so it's all about like memorizing the specific formations and stuff and then you'll get it eventually. I
can only do like the basic stuff like everything else is way over my head because you can do that with other pieces to like the snc like the green and the red pieces. It's like I can't do that yet and I'm not fast either. I just I just no no the surface level stuff.
But it's unfortunate because I can't play versus my friends because I'm better than them. But I'm not good enough to play like online against strangers because I'll still get my butt kicked. So I'm in that gray area.
I play on multiple ones. Um I
don't know if you've heard
about
polio
polio Tetris. That's that's sort of like a mashup game but it does have Tetris in it and it's got another game like Troy Ohio where you match up four colors of something and it'll pop the bubbles. Another good site is to trio T E T E R dot Io which is online, you can play on the computer. So there's a lot of different Tetris sites and they do their they are all pretty much just Tetris. If you've never played it like in a long time then I recommend looking into Tetris effect which is made by like the original creator. And it's like it's like it's kind of like an art experience because you have like a bunch of landscapes falling around you. And it's like there's a lot of really like there's a lot of special music that's tailored specifically for the game. It's kind of crazy how it came from a game about like placing blocks and it's still a game about placing blocks. But it's
it's turned into something else in that experience. It's kind of crazy. Yeah,
I
don't know
about
it.
The company,
Look,
just
something
about
it.
Even the
When I
was
around
that,
they only
had
that
one.
What
for something
that you
can
hear?
I.
Yeah, I think it's it's really calming. It's um Tetris effect specifically. It's like because of the landscapes and the music and like the pieces you move. It's like goes to the beat of the song. There's like lyrics and stuff. It's it's own experience. And I kind of get goose bumps because it also has VR support. So if you put on like a headset, you can get completely surrounded by like a desert or an ocean.
I
highly recommend it. Oh,
not often. I tried it once and it was really nice experience because um normally when I play Tetris, I kind of just like play the game like I placed pieces really fast and I get in the zone, but like with that you're sort of going at your own pace, sort of like taking in everything around you, like listening to the stuff like that stuff gives me goose bumps, it's kind of crazy.
It's
unfortunately not free Tetris effect does cost money, but I would I would say it's worth the money, it's on like every platform.
Well
um I'm trying to list some stuff that like isn't just something that I have to like go in depth and explain a lot because Tetris is like something that everyone knows.
Waiting
on them.
Thank you.
Um Not really, no, I used to a lot whenever I was in high school, but now I kind of just mellowed out. So I, whenever I'm looking for a game it's supposed to I'm looking for something that's like multiplayer so I can show with my friends and it's more about just hanging out with my friends more than like playing the game. Yeah,
it's like yeah, definitely, definitely because like there's nothing else to do. So I kind of just sit in like a voice channel
and
then talk with friends and then like sometimes we'll hop in and play a game or something, but most of the time we're just, we're just chilling.
hopefully
I
can
talk
about
whatever. No, not really. I think my my my parents have the wrong impression. They think that like we have meals together, we like make food and we hang out all the time, like an actual college or like college people or something. And it's not the case we all stay in our rooms, pretty much. I think they hang out more together than I do because I moved in late and they like knew each other beforehand, but sometimes
you're
fine. Um I found my roommates because my cousin owns this house, so I I moved in and then I bet the other roommate that lived here and then we just kind of went from there, so I moved in because like I guess my parents were able to, or the rent was like cheaper, it's cheaper than just like living in a dorm or something. Yeah.
It's three guys, so
the question you are about to ask is probably no uh
things are a little bit of a mess,
we
whenever we clean up, we we usually like our thorough about it, it's just we're lazy and like the trash
hasn't
been taken
out
for
bit.
luckily
we all keep our messes like in our own rooms unless
it's the kitchen which is uh no one wants to clean the kitchen, but eventually it'll get done probably. Hopefully.
Yeah, that is, it's near, it's near like Disneyland and Universal and all those other theme parks and stuff, so it's like It's like a 30 minute drive I guess.
So
it's like
no, because
it's
very expensive before. Yeah, I've been there before um that used to be like a christmas thing, like my parents would take us there for christmas, so we have like, it would either be like Busch gardens or I think, I don't think that's it, that's not in Orlando, but it would be Universal Studios, so like Harry potter World or Magic Kingdom, which is Disneyland, I don't think I've been to any of the other theme parks, but it's always an experience. I don't think we've gone recently, but that used to be something we did when we were like really young,
but
It's pretty expensive. Um let me check, it's at least like $100 per person. Yeah.
Actually,
only usually go for like one day. It's not it's not more than that.
big family, because then you gotta pay for food in the hotel as well, because we're staying for like at least one night, because
we because I used to live up with them uh up in uh well it was up in Jacksonville, so they have to drive and then like dad having to deal with three kids and a drive back and forth, that was not happening. So at least one night of rest. So we did have to get a hotel that's usually how it was. So it was like
uh it was supposed to be like a special thing. We, we did it like once every year.
Sorry.
Yeah, I do wear a hoodie because my room is very cold and I don't know why it's weird, but I like, even though I've lived in florida all my life, I really like cold weather Is because I like snuggling up in like a blanket or like wearing warm socks and stuff. So my room is super cold has got like the fan, like both fans running and like the temperatures down to like 60 or something.
electricity,
electricity is cheap. My roommate pays for it though, so I wouldn't
know. Yeah, he he plays pays for the utilities, I just paid for the room. So it's not something that I have to worry about and I don't think he turns into it.
But luckily I'm okay.
approaches
in the winter. Yes, we do have roaches because whenever it turns winter it gets really cold. So all the roaches will come inside and luckily I haven't seen any where I currently live, but at my old house sometimes I would hear skittering at night and it scared me. It was bad. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to scare you but
um they're not like they're not like huge the way you're thinking, Let me see I guess. Um mm.
No,
no that's not that maybe like a finger or something that's like that's pretty big. Like a finger length, the length of a finger. But usually find like one or two like hanging out and then that usually means that there's more so then you have to, you have to be worried about that is like where are they coming from? Where's the whole it was a bad
but luckily
it's okay, wow.
Something.
What?
All
Perfect
hunter. I don't think I've seen any flying ones though. I think they can fly, but I've never seen them around here. Like they don't actively fly. Okay.
It turns out we are over time, we're like almost 30 minutes so
we're past 25 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Where it's a 2029 right now. So we started to call at what?
What
the fuck?
I was
before.
Uh I think we're good. We can keep going if you like just to make sure.
What what do you do for a living then?
This
apartment accounting
better.
I can
put
my focus
on this moment.
now I'm just
getting
upset
about anything.
this pretty own stuff. I used to um
Well, I used to be a student, but then after I stopped doing that, I applied for to be a census worker for the 2020 census. And I did that for a little bit, which was actually a cool experience because that was my first job like ever.
And
so um for the census, like I was like a field worker, so I would go around to, I was given a government phone, which was also weird because that was my first job was like, wow, I get a phone to use. Um but uh I would go around to the address is that of people that didn't fill out the census, and I would ask them to fill it out with with me over by on the phone, or I'd give them like a sheet with like a code on it and they would do it online or whatever. And uh, it was, it was fun. It was nice because I didn't go very far. I would only have like five or 10 miles on my car, like every time I report back. And I also got to decide my own hours, which was really nice for like a first job and it paid nice to,
if you power,
It was, it was hourly, so it was like 19 an hour or so. Yeah.
So that was pretty nice for like a first job history out of the bat.
That's
not
It was 2-3 months. I think my training started in May or June so
yeah, during training I got paid for training as well.
We
think
your friend.
No, I don't think anyone else signed up. But uh, it was just in my area. So uh,
it was cool because even though I like lived in Orlando for like two years, I didn't know I didn't drive around a lot, I just went to school and back
so it was cool like going to residential areas and just seeing seeing places.
I do have a car. Yeah
if
you
want
to go first.
we have we have a driveway that can fit like four our cars ish like to to for for sure. And then like the other two more cars like park in the back, they'll like have their back sticking out a little bit on the curb. But it is fine because the road isn't that big, it's like it's not on the main road or anything.
so
we
can protect.
Yeah kind of it's not it's not like there's no like big buildings anywhere that's like downtown. So I'm in east East Orlando. Mhm.
That
was the plan. Miami is on the other side. Miami is on the left. Daytona would be uh be closer to Daytona.
Daytona Beach was on the right. Yeah.
Working with the census was nice, is because like I got work experience and uh luckily I wasn't in danger of any kind even though they did warn about that because you're, you're literally knocking on the doors of people and believe it or not, people don't like it whenever you come and knock on their door during a pandemic.
No,
I
yeah, so um, I got you, I got a lot of like doors like slammed on me, but it was fine. I didn't get threatened or anything, which they weren't, they would warn, like sometimes I would happen or people would ask you to leave the property.
I did. Of course. Yeah, they
gave, they gave us masks and like hand sanitizer and they always ensured like, oh, don't go into anybody's house, is just just try and get the information while maintaining social distancing.
normally you meet in person, you knock on their doors and then the system is you followed what the system tells you to do. And
after, after a few failed attempts to get the information in person, you start calling whatever number has been put down or we'll have like follow up meetings to confirm information. And that's usually when you get a number and then you call from like a car or from home or something, but you still get paid for it. Yeah, primarily
it's just meetings and stuff, person.
Yeah, definitely. So I got a lot of experience for that. I don't know what I'm gonna do now. Probably, I wanted to try and find another job. Um Maybe I could uh do any more federal work. I don't know since I've got my foot in the door. I could try. I wanted to be a poll worker like at the polls, but because that's over now, it's opportunities kind of missed. But I don't know what I'll do. I'll look into it
and
hopefully
do they, do they pay for that? Is that just volunteering?
Mhm.
You're
the youngest.
Yeah. And I've already got my foot in the door, so maybe, maybe that sounds nice. We're at 30
minutes.
We're
good now so we can call it here. It was nice talking to you.
You too. Bye.