Hello. Stop.
I'm right here Just well I'd like to talk about
going pretty good. We just got in from feeding off our cows with,
we live on a farm in Kentucky.
Well
where are you now? They are used
Oh I love to be in florida. We go up there fishing sometimes. Mhm.
Now Alcala is that called the Panama City?
Okay. We were we were there last summer. We went to Disney World.
I'm playing
this
game night.
I'm on my ipad.
Well I got my news on ebay.
I've got the iPad pro I one. I think I paid 300 for it.
Well, I know they do.
Well I hear that apple doesn't have as many viruses. Is the reason why I go for it.
I
hope so.
Well I think everything is made in china now just
Right.
Well it's 60 here today in Kentucky
and that's
very
Good.
I'd rather be where it's hot. I've been trying to get my husband to retire to florida but he won't do it.
He loved,
I'm looking for the ocean. That's what I'm looking for. Right
What we come down
to Panama city
about every june and we love to get on the bully. Go fishing. It's all much fun.
No my sons Best friend is getting married there in June 11 I believe it is. So they're gonna go up there and rent a big house and they're going to get married on the beach. His friend this
13
There are 22 years old. Kind
of young to be getting married but that's what they want to
do.
Keep
going.
Yeah that is too young. I have a 26 year old and a 22 year old. 22 year old still is at home. He's saving up for a house.
He's
wanting a farm like his daddy he works at the U. C. K. U. Oh that's a power plant. He's in power plant. Right. Yeah he does real well. And then my oldest son he has Asperger's autism and he we've got in my house here on the farm and he does pretty good.
oh followed the girl.
Still
what?
Lord
we went to Disneyworld last summer and it was so crowded you couldn't get through there. It was it was horrible.
Well
then
do you get any tokens to ride to the first in line? My fast past you.
I well
right I am too.
But
Well you you seem like a smart young man. Yeah.
So
what
do
you
oh I would love to, my husband would go for it. He's addicted to his cows on his farm he loves.
We have about 200 acres. We farm,
We own 107 and then release a farm down the road that we get the, get the hay off of.
We are probably 35 minutes from Louisville and probably an hour from Cincinnati like right in the middle kind of
step one.
I
until I got older and then my bones hurt when I ride a roller coaster. I don't do very well.
just
like,
well he could have watched you do it, you could have,
Well, how many have you been to so far?
wow, it's beautiful.
What's fun?
Oh my goodness. Yeah.
No.
mm.
No.
Well,
Well
my that would be, can be hard to do.
It is.
What
do you do? Uh huh.
Do these prolific sites,
Well you can
could
you?
Well
well that's interesting.
What?
What?
Well.
Well you need to go back for its popular. Make more money.
And asked.
Well that's good. But I would you
shouldn't go
to Detroit there though. There's too much violence up there.
Well you didn't need to go to the gym. You don't have your workout walking there and back.
My oldest son, he lifts weights a lot. He's got his own uh bench and everything.
No you
don't.
Um I mean he lives in a modular home that we put here on the farm. It's a three bedroom and he just made the smallest bedroom into a weight room.
Weird
for what
it's
I've got a treadmill in the basement. I walk on it about six days a week. Okay.
But
I have, hold on now because I broke my back about three years ago riding a lawnmower, I went under a tree branch. Mhm I got stuck and it broke my t toil so I don't have very good balance anymore. I have to hold on to the trip.
No,
I
have a fear of fallen well,
but they'll exercise, try to keep the weight off
they
inch.
So are are you married with Children?
You
have?
There you go.
My young son, he's been with the same girl for six years. I keep saying are you going to marry her or not? He's only 22, so he's got a lot of time to get married. He said I'm going to get a house and I'm gonna get a truck and then we'll see about getting married.
it is,
she's getting kinda aggravated with him I think.
Uh huh
You only live last. Mhm,
Four.
that's true.
I hope he doesn't pick up with this girl, I've been with her so long, she's part of the family.
What?
That's
what kind of work does she do your
girl,
wow, that's good.
She might be
both service.
What?
Is
it
a big he works
at or a small school or?
Mhm.
but
Oh I don't yeah
booth
I don't know Kentucky is I know it's not very good,
Yeah. Right well
well what else can we talk about and how long has it been, do
you know?
well
I think we've got to go tractors fly and pick up some salt blocks for our cattle and that's about it
in the mornings, it's in the winter it slows down quite a bit, you don't, you know, we just feed the cows in the mornings and the rest of the day is ours. But in the summer you know we have a lot of hate um oh and we have a big garden, we do a lot of canning in the summer. We stay busy in the summer.
Just a family farm. We have 50 head of beef cattle. Yeah,
we tell them about twice a year to get our money back for feeding them. We don't make any money
cows.
We used to raise 25 acres of tobacco. But you know, they took our contract away and yeah and uh we lost all that but we're getting to the age now where we don't need to be doing that anyway. My
husband retired from Ford Motor Company also. So he's got his pension and
and I've always worked here on the farm. He would go to work it forward. I would stay here and do the tobacco and feed the cows and everything while he was gone
if
I'm
my
very Be horrible. Got to get up at 4:00 AM
on a dairy farm
and you
have.
And
I don't guess he ever got to take a vacation because who would you get to milk the cows?
Well, that's cool.
I'm
the husband.
We'll pass along to my boys either. My
husband is that he can fix anything.
I have learned. Uh, I've always croce, but with the, with Youtube, I've learned a lot of fancy stitches that you can do.
That is. My son watches one show where all the guy does is travel around the US and build it and and he makes a lot of money doing that.
It would be mine. I
loved.
No. You don't want to go to Vegas.
free drinks. Get
more grateful.
I've
never been to las Vegas. I would see the shows, but Donny and Marie they retired. So
I know.
I wish. Yes.
And that's a country singer, right? Yeah.
By Donna Donna.
Creech
Youtube.
You too. Bye bye.