Oh, I'm here. Yes. One. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right. Archiving on, Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah, that one, yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Oh,
hello?
Um not sure. It's up to you. How's it going?
you live on a farm?
I used to live in Kentucky for two years, right after college,
I'm
in a pail of florida right now.
this is good here. My dad does that every morning.
No, it's in the middle of florida, it's like an hour north of Orlando.
Yeah, I lived in Orlando the last six years until june and
then
I
is it one you have to hold, are you on your phone or?
Okay. Yeah, I'm on a, I'm on my laptop, so it's more stable I guess. But yeah, I don't have, I don't have an ipad, but
how much did you get it for?
Yeah, that's not bad. They go for so much like Apple products are
they're overpriced. I think I'm not an Apple person, I'm more of an android person. But
well there was um this was years ago, like the iphone 56 years ago, not the new ones, but the older ones were very easy to hack into and stuff easier than Androids, but I'm sure they fixed that since then because that was 567 years ago on the technology should have gotten better. Hopefully
go,
they all smell that they also know all of the information to the chinese anyway, so it really doesn't matter but I won't get to conspiracy on anybody because but yeah, apple and the chinese have like all these partnerships and uh my phone is made from china to so my phone probably has the same thing. So
I mean I have a one plus phone, I went from a galaxy Samsung galaxy to one plus because my battery life on my old phone, I would have to charge you like four times a day. It's like I don't always have time to charge my phone four times a day and it was too much. But yeah. Yeah okay Liz okay. Um I like it colder, we're about to have like seven days of 85 to 90 degree weather and I'm like no it's january. That's okay, okay. The
summertime but not in january,
it's warm
everywhere.
And I guess today I think out west you have to go for the, I think I said
somewhere in Arizona yesterday was like 37° like Arizona. That's pretty cool for them.
Well there's
of places to live down here in their own warm, go near the beach or you know if you want to live on the farm. Um There's affordable housing in like um Lake City Live Oak Area. There's huge plots of land and there you know it's beautiful properties up there there about an hour north of us. Um And I know the land is cheaper up there than it is here in towards Orlando. It's more expensive. More farther south, you go in florida, the property taxes get higher and the property values are higher than the new homes are like $1 million dollars or higher. But if you go up north a little bit the land is really affordable and the houses are real nice city, there's farmland and it's pretty much different farther south you go the more like built up it is and more populated so it just depends on what you're looking for. But florida has a lot of different options so maybe your husband needs to listen to you. Yeah.
So we're a little bit from the ocean there, an hour and a half almost from the beach.
Well.
Well.
Yeah. The Panhandle has nice beaches up there. Panama city and Destin and principle. That really nice speeches. That's where I went to college in Pensacola. So like I love it there.
That's
nice. Yeah, weddings are nice.
True.
Some
people get married, some people get married really young. My my girlfriend's former roommate who lived here last year, she got married. She's 20 so it's
pretty
young.
that's
good.
Yeah, they could function real well. So. And then if you live close by, that's really cool to like I live, my parents are down in south florida and like I moved to Kentucky after graduation. Um I was dating a girl up there and
Yeah, we we were best friends from the time we were 11, so once I graduate it's like you know, had to move up there, but um moved there and lived there for two years and then um came home over one summer because I was working at schools and my grandfather was sick, he was getting ready to die unfortunately, so at home and
you know, drama happened with the relationship during that time, and you know, I've been in florida ever since, but I didn't want to move, I didn't like I hate south florida hate south florida, always half my parents live down there and I love it, so like I didn't want to leave florida because I wanted to be closer to home, but I didn't want to live in south florida, I would have been the most depressed person in the world, so I moved to
Orlando, got a job there and kind of got stuck there for a while um but it's fun, you know, there's a lot to do in Orlando with the parts in Big Disney Fan, so I kept, I kept busy, I didn't worry about my problems too much, I just kept busy I guess
that's,
it's, and now it's busy year round, I could have told you a couple years ago, tips on like what times to go where it wouldn't be busy and now I wouldn't know what to tell somebody because this needs smart enough with their business to make it busy year round and it's kind of miserable, but I have a seasonal pass, which means I'm not allowed to go from june to august and then they blocked me out for a week in december two weeks in december and a week in like spring break time. So March april and I wouldn't want to go during those times anyway because summer just too hot and too busy, like you said it's so busy, everyone's off school and people from all around the world are coming and then christmas is one of the busiest times in new years and I'm usually at home with my family so I wouldn't be able to go and then spring break is, it's spring break, I can find other stuff to do. So I'm allowed to go any other time. And When I lived in
Orlando,
when I lived in Orlando we went last year like 37, times in the year. So they told us, we were like, how many times do we come? And they told us so we definitely got our money's worth on our passes. No.
we can book those on our app, but if you stay on property like, so if you come from another state you can book them six months in advance and they only let us um since we're just gas holders and we're not staying on property one month in advance. So sometimes like, Like the average our ride and the star wars rides, the more popular rides, it's almost impossible to find a fastpass for those because we're competing with people that can do it six months prior and we can only do it 30 days prior. So, but we book our fast passes and we definitely take advantage of that. I hate waiting in lines. I just,
If it's more than 20 minutes I'm like no, I'll find something else to do.
But
I lived, I lived in the community on prior to moving to Ocala, that was literally 10 minutes away from the park. So I lived super close. Um So like, you know, we go in the morning before it got busy and then once I got busy we either go to lunch off property, save money or go home and cook and take a nap and then go back later. So
I know how to, I know how to Disney plan, I could probably write a book on it on how to save money there and how to like avoid lines and just different things. Um So yeah, but
you
know,
I
would love to come back to Kentucky though. I would love to get out of florida from the opposite of you switch places if you want.
but he, like I said, there's farmland here, you can get, you know, quite a bit of property in the right place and have plenty of land and for a good price and have a farm because uh like I said, my girlfriend's brother and his wife, they live in live Oak Lake City area, which is like an hour and a half from here And they're like 5, 6, 7 acres at least. And they have goats and cows and donkey and along with like, you know, dogs and stuff like that, so they have a beautiful piece of property. So there's the whole areas like that, so
that's a lot. That's good.
So you're not like in Louisville or Lexington rating like that?
somewhere in the middle on, I forget the interstate. But we came up,
yeah, we came up last october, we drove through and we went to Kings Island and cedar point because one of my things is, is roller coasters, some kind of like addicted. So it
took me
my dad, my dad's the same way he used to be into it and like we went a few years ago to a trip to the Blue Ridge and I'm like, we were, we went, we started and we got to Richmond Virginia as our first stop for the night. We drove from south florida to there and we were about to go to one of our neighbors grew up which was forget the city, but it was somewhere near Richmond in the mountains, in the shenandoah. Um and I'm like, hey dad were like 20 minutes from the Kings Dominion. I'm like, we need to go to King's Dominion and I have found a ticket. It's like buy one, get one free. So it's super cheap. Like he's like roller coasters. I can't do that. My back will break. Uh huh. Son
of
a gun. I guess. I'll have to come back another time on myself. Only go to Richmond once in my life. Like I don't just go there every weekend. But
but we weren't there for that. I'm going to go on the mountains and national parks, which is his thing now. He likes to go to all the national parks. That's his goal is to go to everyone. I guess.
We've been to, I don't know, we've probably been to half now in the past couple of years. My sister works at one now seasonally up in Glacier, which is in Montana. Oh
yeah, we went there and I guess she fell in love with it and she's gone in the last two summers to work. She worked as like a hotel assistant manager in this past year, she was like a waitress um, at the restaurant. So
yeah. and then uh she blows all her money before she gets home. On the way back she goes and hangs out in California. She goes and hangs out in California for like three weeks. It doesn't talk to my parents about where she is, so she's probably just,
she's she's the youngest, she's very spoiled, so basically get off my dad into anything. But yeah my parents are retired now, so they're like you know they want to travel like twice a year and it's like I can't but they want me to go until I was like I can go up to here, I was at a job prior to school in Orlando where I didn't summer, so like I go with them, but now they're like yeah we want to go in uh March, I'm going to go in gym and like yeah
probably not, but my mom doesn't drive on the trip, so it's like they need me there to be a second driver. It's my sister. Our first trip we went, my sister was with us and then she got the job in Glacier. So she's worked in there from like made of september because it's basically uh blizzards
there the rest of the time
so cold
up there. They have a road in glacier that goes halfway through the park and it basically it usually doesn't open until July four because it's
there's ice on the road and not just ice, but I guess piles and piles of snow because it's so high up in the mountains. So I mean I can't imagine that but the the year we went I guess when she fell in love with it, we had to drive, we couldn't drive through the whole part because that road was set down the only road it goes from one end of the park the other all the way down south all day to drive for one side of the park to the other. Because
And it was it was a very rainy day to remember that. But we like this. She left. My sister must have loved it because now she wants to basically spend all her time there. But that's it's cool that she found somewhere she loves. What?
Yeah. I mean she's an interesting character. She's the spoiled one and yeah,
I'm the old.
Yeah, but yeah, me right now I'm working from from online so I kind of make my own schedule. So I'm lucky. So I have a job that I can do that and then
I do I do prolific. But I work with like analytics company where I rape like web search results for Google. So basically it's like a part time thing, it's 20 hours a week. Sometimes
Sometimes
they're
like they let you work more. They email you and say oh we have so much to do. So if you want to go over your hours please do. But other than that it's great. Don't go over 20 hours unless we email you. So
you like to ship to grocery, grocery delivery as a part time job to.
Yeah, I started that and november so I knew it shipped but when I was at home for christmas down south florida, I was making a ton of money shit. But here it's like I can't rely on that for income. But what did I just see it as a bonus? Whatever I make a little extra. I could argue it you know, as a make a living down there doing it because I think I was making $6, a week for two weeks
straight. And it was basically only doing it at night when my parents went to sleep. So my parents go to sleep early, so like 6 30 there, like I'm so tired, I'm like it's six o'clock, Can't be tired.
I was doing that from like 6:00 to like 9:10 until the order stops. So I was doing like four orders tonight. Uh and each order takes about an hour sometimes less, sometimes a little more depending on how much they want you to shop. So I was like so excited to do that. And then here in Ocala, I do like three or four weeks, there's just nothing available in the app and I can put myself on the schedule. Um you can put yourself in the scheduling time you want in our increments. And I could do that all day and put myself and said that they don't give me any orders. So
it's less people here in Ocala in south florida and then the people in south florida are I guess we have a lot of disposable income where they willing to pay whatever the ship costs them as a membership. I don't know how much shit charges them, but they can afford it I guess and there's a lot more people down there and so it's probably not as popular. Obviously not as popular here in Ocala, so.
yeah, so yeah, there's different metro areas. I looked at Detroit's metro area because someone online said I love Detroit and there were like 500 open orders. Um and I must have been a night where it was snowing up there and it's like those orders are never going to get killed, but the ship can be lucrative because if the order is not getting filled, they put a promo on it which means it's just extra bonus money on top of it. Too good with the order. So like if it goes to $20, promo, you can easily make $40 or $50 on an order depending on the amount they're buying, you have to shop for them and the promo is on top of it and then they have the option to tip you. So You know if it's $20 promo and a $15 order you're gonna make 35. And then if they tip you with tip $5, on top of that For like 10 hours or maybe. So
it could get lucrative. Just depends on, you know, you see and I figured a system out.
I handled
it.
And too much snow. I mean, I love the cold, but more than a couple inches of snow and I'm not gonna go on the roads. I remember when I, when I lived in mexican, I was a substitute teacher and uh, there was snow one day and so school was canceled because you know, they do that. It's knows too much, they'll cancel the schools. And I lived about three miles maybe from a gym and my car, I tried driving the first time. It's no, and I was basically a sled was sliding around everywhere. I said, you know, I'm not working today, school, school's out. I'm just going to walk to the gym because I don't want to deal with driving in it. I just walk in the snow is not one of those people uphill both ways in the snow, but it was better than driving in it because I didn't want to deal with my car's sliding around and maybe having an accident. Maybe not. But
that's true. That's true. I brought an extra pair of socks. My socks are going to get slashed on in the snow and but I like to lift weights so walking doesn't do it. Got to lift weights. I love it. It's like
Nice. That's that's my dream. My dream is to be able to have a house big enough where I can have a room or a couple of rooms devoted to like exercise equipment, like weights or home a garage gym or something like that when
there
were
Yeah, that's the way to do it. I think that's
the way to do it. Yeah. And that's how I like really stress and stuff that way. You know, it's more of a positive thing than what
other options people have to kind of blow off steam. That might
not be as healthy.
you go, that's
good.
Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. You don't want to fall again or hurt yourself
and
that's the
yeah, it's no fun. It's no fun.
Yeah, that's the challenges, keeping
the
weight off stuff to do.
No,
we're
me and my girlfriend, we've been together about two years and then um you know, she's probably the one most likely. I mean, I moved in with her, she's like, you gotta move to Ocala because we were basically seeing each other every weekend saturday. I live in Orlando and she lived here so we would take turns coming to see each other and so she's like, yeah, you gotta come move in with me. And I'm like, I don't know, I don't know. She's like, I promise everything will be ok. So I lived here since june but I've gone home like five times since then because my parents had financial things that they wanted me to handle for them and couldn't themselves. So I've been traveling back and forth a lot with them. So. But yeah, I mean save up for a ring now.
That's
Yeah, he's he's young enough to take his time, but six years is also a long time and definitely probably going to end
up with her.
She's like, what are you waiting for? Yeah,
that's what my girlfriend says. What are you waiting for?
But yeah, six years long time. And you know, I was in that long relationship from the time I was 11, almost pretty much the whole time until I was 22. And then things happen. So yeah, I mean we didn't date the whole tide consistently. We both basically had a break for like a year between. But for the most part, you know we were best friends the whole time and told each
other everything and yeah, that was supposed to be, you know, but their life has a lot of supposed to be so I guess and that doesn't always mean it's going to be.
Uh huh. But yeah, I miss her but you know we don't even talk anymore so things happen. Yeah.
The girl, yeah the girl right now is more stable. So I mean we're older now, both of us
are older so
we're more mature.
He
is a school counselor at a middle school.
Yeah, she has a master's degree. So she's she thinks she's smarter than me. Yeah.
She's like, yeah, I mean she's she's
she's a woman
so she has that going for that's smarter than most guy. Women are smarter than most men on average. So
there you
go.
And
um, it's a pretty big school. It's it's the villages charter school. So it's like, she works in the middle school, but they have elementary, middle and high school next to each other. Um So it's like probably combined. I don't know how many kids they even have combined, but I think the middle school has about 1000 kids. So it's medium sized, Yeah, medium
size. A lot of the schools in Florida, a lot of the public schools in Florida have 3, 4000 kids, middle schools and high schools. So it's smaller than average because it's a charter school and I guess it's been like a hybrid public private school combined thing. Whereas public schools just like they throw as many kids into the classroom as they can and hope it works.
And florida doesn't have the best education system with their public schools.
I mean when I was, when I was in school it was like 48 or 49th in the country by state. So it was one of the lowest and now I think it's in the 30s so it's approved a little bit in the past 10 years but
we're still below average.
Yeah. I don't know but florida has gotten better but it's still not, you know, a little below average but at least it's not like the worst anymore. They at the time only Alabama was ordered or something like that. But. Yeah.
Yeah.
It's
been almost 25 minutes I think It's just another 29 minutes. So it's almost time probably. Which is what else do you have to do today?
And
so it's a lot of work right with the farm because you have a lot of
Do you like sell everything commercial farm or you just like a family farm or?
that's so
But
but if you can break even, you know it all works out I guess.
and
that's it.
That's so cool.
I
think I just think I like because I know my on my mom's side my grandfather had a farm like in Wisconsin like dairy farms and I just like living on a farm. He's the coolest thing this is
working.
In
He talked
about
that, he talked
about that but that was so long ago to so like that was back in the 30s I guess. Uh when he was around, he He passed away a couple years ago, he's like 97, years old. So he was, yes. Yeah. He talked about it a lot like when he was younger in the farms and stuff and just,
I guess his vacation was when he moved to florida and open like a fish selling business and he invented some things to invented like a bullet, the machine that cleans falling alleys and keeps those shiny and stuff like that. So
yeah, he was the guy that in the family that could fix anything. So he
didn't,
he didn't, he didn't pass that along with me.
Well
yeah, he could teach them then, but we use a youtube and google and stuff to try to get instructions on how to fix things. Our generation.
You can find anything on Youtube in terms of tutorials on art or fixing things or pretty much anything, which is, which is cool because people that do that for a living, they make like the videos to teach people stuff and they get enough use, they could actually uh make a pretty decent money for making Youtube videos, so that's pretty, that's pretty cool.
Yeah, I love the travel videos of all sorts of things. And to think they basically get paid to go around and vacations. That's a pretty good job. I guess it's most people's dream job traveling.
I've been
I've been watching the Vegas videos, like the hotel tours and I'm kind of obsessed with las Vegas now and it's not a good thing because.
Mhm. Yeah, I've been there a couple times and I didn't lose any money because I'm pretty restrained when it comes to gambling. I'm not like an idiot. I don't have enough money to blow facing this way. I think that bills things like that. So I just I said at the penny machine and let them bring me free drinks and gamble very very slowly. I mean it looks like I'm gambling and I'm really just trying to get drunk.
Yes. You tip the waitress. I'd rather give the waitress the money in the slot machine because they're working and they're bringing me a drink you know
and that to support themselves to
no
they'll come back, they'll offer him enough money and they always bring them back. You probably say
we're going to retire and they say oh well up your contract by whatever X. Amount of money for less dates and they don't have to do it a couple of times a week and they make twice as much as they were not retired anymore. We make so much money on this engagement.
give it time just saying like Like George Strait he's retired like 10 times now and he's still to her and I think
he's an older one. But he has a lot of popular songs. So I remember like 10 years ago he's on his retirement tour. I don't know if he's in Vegas now are in somewhere to are still. It's just like oh a long retirement. 10 year retirement to her. Okay. I guess every time he wants to stop they give him a blank check and he says okay uh staying a little longer. Oh already I didn't get your name. I don't think my name's Anthony. I don't think I told you. I think I'm sorry.
No.
All right donna. It was nice talking to you
and have a great day and uh, it's friday. So have a great weekend, Have a good time.
Bye bye. Uh huh.