SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh yeah it's Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: Hello, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm okay. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah so the times I've done this, I've actually only ever managed to catch a conversation with somebody once so I wasn't really expecting you to be here. Um So I was just finishing up dinner. Do you mind if I keep eating?
SPEAKER_L: Of course. Go ahead. How many times have you done it?
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't know like four or 5 maybe.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, this is the first conference. So I guess you got the book 50 every time at least.
SPEAKER_R: No. one time I managed to have a conversation with somebody but That was like one time out of four or 5 so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's cool. What you got for dinner?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I had a pork chop and um macaroni and cheese and then this is just coleslaw.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds good. Love pork chops and mac and cheese. But I never had coleslaw. It comes with everything and I just never tried to taste it.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um I like it because it's it's still vegetables but it's also like fatty and acidity so it tastes good.
SPEAKER_L: like macaroni salad, you have a lot of vegetables in it, but there's also a lot of mayo and sugar.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, very much like that.
SPEAKER_L: Have you been on a prolific for a while?
SPEAKER_R: I have actually yeah. I don't know, maybe six months maybe. Yeah. Um It's just it's easy and there was a while where um I was my dad had pretty serious surgery last year. Um So I was helping him and then I was about to sort of start trying to tempt more and start looking for things full time and that's when Covid hit. And it was like um you know I'm living with my parents, both of whom are going to high risk category. I was like I don't think I'm going to go camping right now so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: That sex temping for like what?
SPEAKER_R: mostly admin work, you know an office needs somebody to do some filing or cover the phones for a few days. Um That sort of thing, I mean sometimes you get a longer term project that's more interesting or it's not more interesting but it's it's longer term um Like the last company I worked at full time, I actually started out there temping and it was um data entry. You know I came on time and did the job and didn't bother people so they were like we're looking to hire somebody which you want to do and I was like yes because then I don't have to look for a job. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So I guess you work with you have a staffing agency that has your resume and they just put you as,
SPEAKER_R: That is generally how it works,
SPEAKER_L: that's how I started after I graduated and I've been in this full time position saying it's like adamant customer support but I really freaking I hate it so much and I don't know what I want to do but I've been trying to get out but it's like the worst time to want a career change or anything. Like I've been applying like crazy for the last got to be six months now, it will be a year in january that I've been at this place and really just no snags and it's easy work, you don't take work home but it's like you know my boss has got like two brain cells and it's just not challenging like it's like shit did I really go to college to be on the phone and to do customer support? I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Well is there um like a higher level of customer support? You could do their like
SPEAKER_L: Um Unfortunately now it's like two tiers, it's like the customer support people and then my boss and she's got everyone, you know like by the balls there she's she has gone away with so much, it's just like how are you even still in your position? So yeah
SPEAKER_R: I love
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: this on her position because as long as she's doing it, nobody else has to do it like that's what it is, she does it it's not so terrible that they're obviously losing money and nobody else has to bother with it. That's Uh huh. I mean oh at work at a hospital in credentialing and credentialing is just you're checking to make sure that the doctor is like all went to medical school and they all currently have medical licenses and they have insurance,
SPEAKER_L: You know that's legit, I didn't even think that that's a really important job to make sure these people are,
SPEAKER_R: you would think it was a really important job. But the hospital treated us like we were big pain in the ass, so, well, we didn't make any money because all we were doing was saying no, the doctor can't work yet because they weren't turned in their paperwork. However, if they had listened to us, any doctor who had a big problem turning into paperwork was inevitably a pain in the ass later and cause problems at the hospital and we could have warned them if only they would have listened to us, but they did not,
SPEAKER_L: Uh Here right. Makes sense. If you're legit you'd be excited, hurt thought all your teeth and everything. Have you got Covid or anyone?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um uh huh. My mom had a scare last week. Like she just woke up and she couldn't smell stuff. So she went and got tested, but it came back negative and her sense of smell has returned.
SPEAKER_L: Did she rapid test or do the PCR at 1st
SPEAKER_R: Right. You know, I don't know. I think it must have been a rapid test.
SPEAKER_L: because I actually just got over Covid. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: and my rapid test was negative and then I got the I got retested the Pcr and that was positive
SPEAKER_R: yeah, mm hmm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but uh yeah we actually um I got at me and my whole family got it Uh the 19th we were positive and then after the 10 day quarantine everything I tested negative and was fined by the 30th. But it was
SPEAKER_R: that's it.
SPEAKER_L: it was scary thankfully it was it really wasn't bad. I lost all taste and smell like nothing. I was able to bite into an onion and garlic and couldn't taste of things. You and
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: my feet were sore. I had really bad sniffles like really like allergy but I've definitely had like colds and flues worse than that and my husband same thing but he had his taste and my little one, not a single symptom you would think she was completely fine the whole time.
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm glad it was that easy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're lucky definitely. You know people out there not the same.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I'll mention to my mom that she should maybe swing back and check with your doctor again um because we're planning to go visit my grandmother this weekend. Mm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah if you're going to get something up your nose you might as well just do the pcr on. Although now at least when I recently went it was a city MD and they said they're not going all the way up anymore, they're just going but I've had that shit all the way it hurts,
SPEAKER_R: Well mm Oh mhm. So are you working from home?
SPEAKER_L: No I was for a good while, but now I'm back in the office are actually our whole, I was working from home laws quarantining. Um But they've had us all in the office for a while now, but even the way they're handling it because I had Our debt, our cubbies and stuff are close by and they're not 6ft apart, they didn't tell you know my cubby mates or the other people I was in contact with really? So it's like it's a little dumb because we have the means to work from home. You know we have our laptops, our remote
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: network and everything like that. Like I worked for home for like two weeks and it was completely fine. I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: I think that there's going to be a judgment of somebody who's infected at work and then everybody's insurance carrier is going to be like send him home unless they literally can't do their job in the office, send him home. We're not, we're not going to cover you. We're not gonna give you business identity if you keep people meeting each other for no reason. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, it's funny we literally just switched insurance is like a last month. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: But is anything else going on with you? Like are you reading anything good watching anything on tv?
SPEAKER_L: seen reading um I have, you know avatar, The Last Airbender, I have the Kyoshi books but it takes me forever to read a book. So I'm not done with that. I'm watching Raised by Wolves and Shits Creek and both Shits Creek is a really funny show.
SPEAKER_R: I know I should creek. I don't know. Raised by wolves. What?
SPEAKER_L: It's an HBO show. My husband just mentioned it and he was like, let's start watching. I was like okay. Um it's kind of like in the future and atheists and people with religion or just like literally just ended the world at this point I'm only a pilot five episodes and it's moving a little slow but it's good. I like the
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: graphics.
SPEAKER_R: that the one where like robots take a bunch of Children on an arc. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Did you finish it?
SPEAKER_R: I didn't try it because it looked like kind of like horror and I don't do
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: horror.
SPEAKER_L: don't do her?
SPEAKER_R: No. Wait I have finally come to the conclusion that some people just like feeling scared. But I don't actually like it. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. I hear you. I
SPEAKER_R: this is
SPEAKER_L: go on roller coasters even though as I'm going up, I'm shitting myself,
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. I don't I don't actually like feeling scared although like I'm not opposed to watching things with violence on them. Like it's not it's not like the bloodiness. I mean sometimes Gloria's gross and I don't really want to watch it but like it's not bloodiness and the violence that get me. It's literally that whole this is trying to scare you thing that I'm like please please don't I don't I don't want
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: to be scared. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: What are you watching your reading?
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I am watching B Untamed, which is a chinese drama. Um It's set in the old fantasy china and and the central relationship is this gay love story, but you can't do gay things on chinese television, so they have to do all of these sort of workarounds, but it's it's not subtle. Um Yeah, like it's it's it's really not subtle. They stop in the middle of the episode to do like a musical montage of all of the romantic interactions between the characters so far. I'm like that that seems real gay.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh Is this on netflix? Where is this?
SPEAKER_R: And use my netflix actually. Yeah. Um It's called The Untamed, it's a lot of fun. Um But like, like I was saying I don't mind the violence, so there's like um a lot of war stuff, there's suicide, um there's torturing war prisoners, um there's plenty of murder. Um there's whipping people, like, you know, I mean, I don't think it's any worse than than what I heard about, like a game of Thrones or anything. It's not worse than that, but it's it's I wouldn't recommend it without telling somebody what they were up for in case they weren't up for it. Um But I like it a lot. Um because it's like the emotions in it are really intense. Like I know I just described it as sort of a gay love story, but there's actually this
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: whole
SPEAKER_L: sounds a lot more intense than that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I know there's a whole there's this whole um thing about family relationships and you know, who do you put first and who is your brother and who do you protect? And where should your loyalties lie? And then there's a whole other thread about gossip and do you believe your friend and you know, are you why do we trust the people that we trust even when the whole world tells us to be against them? And should we admire people that the world admires or like it's what It's a lot. It's 50 episodes and it's it's really great.
SPEAKER_L: It's like a bless you or coffee you. Is it like broken into two seasons or it's like one long?
SPEAKER_R: It's one long season but Episodes like 3 - 33 are all big flashback. So I mean it's there's probably like four Sections of Story. Um but it's not it's structured is just one big chinese drama. Um Not
SPEAKER_L: So do you like chinese dramas or how did you stumble on this?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I read a lot of fan fiction and a lot of people who write fan fiction have been writing a lot of the untamed for like two or 3 years. Um Oh because that sort of intensity of emotion and all of those family feels like that's the sort of thing that people who write fanfic are really drawn to, Like it's all about the relationships, man, the relationships, plus there's all of this um like magic, you know, there's undead, um zombies, people are trying to control and there's um
SPEAKER_L: This is a lot.
SPEAKER_R: your son, that's obvious people are trying to control. There's several magic rocks, there's an evil flute. Um Well, I don't know if the flute is intrinsically evil, like it's a flute which is used to do evil things, but maybe it could be put to good use, but we never find out. Um you know, so there's there's all of these great fantasy elements, plus there's all of this intense relationship drama and there's a bunch of different relationships um that are available because even if you don't like the main pairing, there's sort of the alternate pairing um which are the guys that they sort of wish they could grow up to be. Um and then there's this other three guys who are in this sort of bitter entanglement of like betrayal and you used like, all right, the first time I watched it, I didn't quite follow what one guy was really mad about, but just like the body language and the shouting, it was like, wow, this is a real bad break up. Um you know, so like there's this intense relationship over here with these three guys and then um there's this sort of sweet straight relationship, like like it's just sort of like the one guy is a dumb ass and you're like why I just talked to this girl who you like who you were engaged to? Like if you had just kept your mouth shut, you could have gotten married to her already, you're a dumbass. Oh, but it's you know like there's just a lot of relationships to sort of pull through and pick apart and rearranged and so a lot of people like that. Um And then so I've watched contained there's another chinese drama called Guardian that I like. Also it's a little bit like um yeah it's maybe a little bit like the X Files. Um But set in sort of yeah a city no one's ever heard of in china, like a fake city, like it's set in generic chinese city um. Um And You know there's like a 10,000 year long romance and um secret aliens from underground and like it that is also a lot of fun and then and so Guardian you can watch on Youtube if you would really like to. Um And I actually enjoy it a lot but the ending kind of is like the ending is um They screwed up the ending man. Like it's just it's like
SPEAKER_L: I hate that there's so many shows. Are they ruin a good time?
SPEAKER_R: well it doesn't even grew in the show. You just get to the end and you're like that's not the end of the story. You started like if you had wanted that ending you needed to do different stuff in the middle. Like the story you told doesn't lead up to that that that ending is not the end of the story you were telling. I don't I don't know how you you just clearly these are not the same story. I don't know what happened here. Um But up until that endpoint it's great. Um And then I'm walking sort of slowly one called the sleuth of the main dynasty um which it's about A six level official and um a soldier in the Northern quadrant court Garrison something, I don't remember. There's like a lot of now and I forget. Um But they like keep getting like murder and kidnapping cases together and they keep trying to investigate them and then like higher up officials are like okay you've investigated enough, we've we've found enough criminals please stop. And they're like there's there's more crime here, there's clearly additional crime to be investigated and their bosses are like no you have you've completed enough crime solving that that fulfills the quota. You are you're good, we appreciate your efforts and you should stop before we throw you in jail.
SPEAKER_L: Sounds like the wire.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um possibly. So I'm only I don't know maybe 10 or 11 episodes into that one. Um which I guess is like a quarter of it, I think it's like 40 episodes. Um But that one the tone on it, it's sort of uneven like sometimes it's a big comedy and then other times it's like a police procedural and then other times it's a big court intrigue and they never quite have the same tone all around with a little, it's a little hard to watch because you never know what kind of show you're going to be turning into because like I like to choose tv shows based on my mood, you know, like, you know, if I'm feeling, we're really happy, maybe I want to comedy. If I'm feeling um depressed, maybe I want to watch say yes to the dress, you know, like something easy and with the sleep of the Ming dynasty, it's never like, you can never tell are you going to turn into like a comedy about chicken thieves or is it going to be like Children are being kidnapped and sold into slavery and it's like, it is hard to know. So not watching that one very fast. Um
SPEAKER_L: Can I guess your accent, new yorker Jersey.
SPEAKER_R: I lived in upstate new york for about six years I guess when I was little um but I'm actually an army brat, so been all over.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, little bit of everything. I lived in upstate in Rockland. It's not really upstate, it's like the south is upstate.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I lived in Watertown because my parents were at fort Drum
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I don't even know where that is. Sounds north.
SPEAKER_R: um mhm I want to say it was with, it was within an hour of the Canadian porter. Uh huh, mm hmm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well we easily killed about a half hour.
SPEAKER_R: no, what? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So what what's next after this? They give you another like mini survey?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think that's the way that it works, so I'm actually only showing 24 minutes, so.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you know what? Probably because I had that window open longer so go buy yours. So I guess that's what they said. Don't open it earlier. That makes sense. I guess they don't give a limit to how many times you could do this. It seems like the easiest these uh survey thing I've come upon.
SPEAKER_R: I think maybe, I think maybe there is a limit, but it's like seven or 8 or something and they're going by conversations, not by how many times you sign up mark, I'm trying to remember because like I had so few conversations, it just hasn't seemed like something to worry about. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: So what's the,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: so you've been on it for about six months now? Um I've only been on it for about a month. What like consistently have you been able to make like a week or a month? I'd say like this month I've made I guess about $30 from it.
SPEAKER_R: well I have never tried to do it, I've never tried to do it so as to maximize how much money I'm making. Um Like there was probably a month in there when I just didn't check in like at all. Um But I'm finding out okay, if you
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: or?
SPEAKER_R: consistent about it, I would say be able to make 10 bucks a day, but that would be that would be being very consistent. Um Using the thing that alerts you to the um the browser plug in, that alerts you to new prolific studies that you're you're but if you do that then you're getting dinged pretty constantly. Um So. Uh huh. But now I've I have never done it so consistently or so often that I'm actually getting $10 a day on a on a long term basis because I just like I'm not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's not that serious. It's a survey thing.
SPEAKER_R: so I mean it depends on how much you yeah want to put into it and You could probably do more than $10 on some days. Um It just sort of depends on what the surveys are like and and loud. Thank you Roy what we're looking for and how consistently you're supposed to do. Um And how consistently are. Um Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you saying
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so yeah so I mean I've done it for six months and I've probably made $260 but that's being sort of inconsistent about it. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I like the a pounds thing? Right. It's an actual bucket to. Pretty nice.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah but So I think we probably actually have yeah we've cleared 20 five minutes now. Um All right so it was nice to talk to you.
SPEAKER_L: It was very nice talking to you. Best of luck with everything. I hope you and your family stay safe.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. You too. Have
SPEAKER_L: But.