Mhm. Oh yeah it's Yeah.
Hello, how are you?
Good.
Of course. Go ahead. How many times have you done it?
Oh wow, this is the first conference. So I guess you got the book 50 every time at least.
Okay. That's cool. What you got for dinner?
That sounds good. Love pork chops and mac and cheese. But I never had coleslaw. It comes with everything and I just never tried to taste it.
like macaroni salad, you have a lot of vegetables in it, but there's also a lot of mayo and sugar.
Have you been on a prolific for a while?
That sex temping for like what?
So I guess you work with you have a staffing agency that has your resume and they just put you as,
that's how I started after I graduated and I've been in this full time position saying it's like adamant customer support but I really freaking I hate it so much and I don't know what I want to do but I've been trying to get out but it's like the worst time to want a career change or anything. Like I've been applying like crazy for the last got to be six months now, it will be a year in january that I've been at this place and really just no snags and it's easy work, you don't take work home but it's like you know my boss has got like two brain cells and it's just not challenging like it's like shit did I really go to college to be on the phone and to do customer support? I don't know.
Um Unfortunately now it's like two tiers, it's like the customer support people and then my boss and she's got everyone, you know like by the balls there she's she has gone away with so much, it's just like how are you even still in your position? So yeah
I don't know.
You know that's legit, I didn't even think that that's a really important job to make sure these people are,
Uh Here right. Makes sense. If you're legit you'd be excited, hurt thought all your teeth and everything. Have you got Covid or anyone?
Did she rapid test or do the PCR at 1st
because I actually just got over Covid. Yeah
and my rapid test was negative and then I got the I got retested the Pcr and that was positive
but uh yeah we actually um I got at me and my whole family got it Uh the 19th we were positive and then after the 10 day quarantine everything I tested negative and was fined by the 30th. But it was
it was scary thankfully it was it really wasn't bad. I lost all taste and smell like nothing. I was able to bite into an onion and garlic and couldn't taste of things. You and
my feet were sore. I had really bad sniffles like really like allergy but I've definitely had like colds and flues worse than that and my husband same thing but he had his taste and my little one, not a single symptom you would think she was completely fine the whole time.
Yeah, we're lucky definitely. You know people out there not the same.
Yeah if you're going to get something up your nose you might as well just do the pcr on. Although now at least when I recently went it was a city MD and they said they're not going all the way up anymore, they're just going but I've had that shit all the way it hurts,
No I was for a good while, but now I'm back in the office are actually our whole, I was working from home laws quarantining. Um But they've had us all in the office for a while now, but even the way they're handling it because I had Our debt, our cubbies and stuff are close by and they're not 6ft apart, they didn't tell you know my cubby mates or the other people I was in contact with really? So it's like it's a little dumb because we have the means to work from home. You know we have our laptops, our remote
network and everything like that. Like I worked for home for like two weeks and it was completely fine. I don't know,
But yeah, it's funny we literally just switched insurance is like a last month. Mhm.
Mhm
seen reading um I have, you know avatar, The Last Airbender, I have the Kyoshi books but it takes me forever to read a book. So I'm not done with that. I'm watching Raised by Wolves and Shits Creek and both Shits Creek is a really funny show.
It's an HBO show. My husband just mentioned it and he was like, let's start watching. I was like okay. Um it's kind of like in the future and atheists and people with religion or just like literally just ended the world at this point I'm only a pilot five episodes and it's moving a little slow but it's good. I like the
graphics.
Did you finish it?
You
don't do her?
Yeah. Right. I hear you. I
go on roller coasters even though as I'm going up, I'm shitting myself,
definitely.
All
What are you watching your reading?
Uh huh Is this on netflix? Where is this?
It
sounds a lot more intense than that.
It's like a bless you or coffee you. Is it like broken into two seasons or it's like one long?
So do you like chinese dramas or how did you stumble on this?
This is a lot.
I hate that there's so many shows. Are they ruin a good time?
Sounds like the wire.
Can I guess your accent, new yorker Jersey.
Oh, little bit of everything. I lived in upstate in Rockland. It's not really upstate, it's like the south is upstate.
Oh, I don't even know where that is. Sounds north.
Well we easily killed about a half hour.
So what what's next after this? They give you another like mini survey?
Oh you know what? Probably because I had that window open longer so go buy yours. So I guess that's what they said. Don't open it earlier. That makes sense. I guess they don't give a limit to how many times you could do this. It seems like the easiest these uh survey thing I've come upon.
So what's the,
so you've been on it for about six months now? Um I've only been on it for about a month. What like consistently have you been able to make like a week or a month? I'd say like this month I've made I guess about $30 from it.
And
or?
Yeah. It's not that serious. It's a survey thing.
Yeah. Are you saying
I like the a pounds thing? Right. It's an actual bucket to. Pretty nice.
It was very nice talking to you. Best of luck with everything. I hope you and your family stay safe.
But.