Hello.
I
finally made it
barely.
you have to wait on me very long.
Uh I had a doctor's appointment. I just walked in the door. I was driving like a maniac.
How
he is?
I said I Gotta get this $15 now.
Why? There's not too many of them that pays that much,
you know?
I
don't know. It was about an hour and a half drive and I drove it in like 45 minutes.
Is
this,
I'm in Kentucky
Idaho. We are now more often or two hours off.
It's like
2:00.
Yeah. Yeah, it's four here. Yeah.
is this your first time doing this or second
winner?
Fourth, This is my 2nd 1.
So yeah, the first one was fun. So I thought why not try it again, you know?
Uh huh. Yeah, a couple days ago I talked to a girl in north Carolina.
yep. We're
so long your debt
and
your
what?
Out
of home
or
come.
I've been to Dallas texas a couple times, but I've never been the Idaho.
Yeah.
What?
Big city.
The enemy.
well my little town's population 800.
That's where I graduated high school and grew up in everything. But then they closed the high school down
years after I graduated and made everybody go to the county school. Yeah.
In our town and we got we got one gas station and we've got a dollar, a dollar general and
one
girl. No one More. No,
we're
not
big
enough.
It's about 30 minutes away.
Yeah. We get that's where we call, that's what we call the city. Yeah,
wal
mart,
and Kroger and all the big bigger stores. Yeah. Yeah.
And a grocery store.
We
got a little a little and yeah it's family owned, yeah little family owned. He's got to he's got two of them, he's got one in in the next town too,
a little grocery store. Yeah, yep.
Um Well not right now at the time
or not
with
me, I'm living in a camper here right now but We've got 46 acres on a family farm here and uh my brother lives over there in the house and then my sister lives on the other side in another place. Uh huh.
But we're far enough away, you know,
probably
a quarter Malala away from each other, you know? And I'm gonna build me a cabin here right now, I just got a camper. Yeah,
No we've got 46 acres now, back when I was a kid when we grew up we had tobacco and corn and soybeans, but now we just leased it out for hey,
but we've got a lot of deer. Turkey.
well now we always raised a big garden growing up. Too. Big garden. Yeah,
No,
it was just, you know, there was four of us kids growing up, so yeah, then a lot of cannon and freezing. Yeah,
yeah, I hadn't done any of that for quite a while, but I remember can making tomato juice and canned tomatoes, green beans and
Yeah,
well now
we've got a, we've got a Sorghum festival, about an hour away. Little country town and they do all that's Oregon and stuff. Yeah, every year they have to call it a Sorghum festival a lesson about a week, you know, it's like a big people set up and they sell staff and you know, it's like a big fair, yeah,
so we're
going to
pass the ball, I don't care much for it,
I don't like it
drilling
a little bit once in a while is okay, but
Yeah, that, that wouldn't be too bad with
maybe
some honey, maybe cut it down a little honey or something.
that would be
ready. Yeah.
How long you been doing? Uh
it's
better
than
some of them other ones saying that some of those
uh survey sites, they are, I've been doing
that
prolific, I've been doing it for about Probably seven years now
probably,
I think. Yeah. Yeah,
I've made almost 1500.
It goes to paypal and then you have to convert the currency over $2. Yeah,
Yeah, I don't worry about it.
Yeah. I probably make probably $100 a month,
probably
something like that. But now I do a lot of other things too. But starts prolific.
Those sorry guys. Yeah some of them are pretty good and then some of them are just a scam, you know? Oh
um I
do
that.
This one's called Q. M. E. Have you ever heard of it
cube N. M. E.
Yeah, that's a pretty good one.
And you can get like $3 in cash out no matter how much you have, If you need $5
you can get cash out and that'll put $5 right now instant.
Mhm.
What was another swag bucks? You ever do any of that swag buck.
Oh yeah. Yeah. But I get a paypal gift card. I wait till I get $10 And then I'll get pay pal or 20. It used to be 20 now it's 10. Yeah
It used to be 20 a paypal card And it's just it's your $20 same amount of money. But it's going
to
get a gift card. I find it was a papal now.
if you can do that and then I do some product testing. I've done a little product casting.
That's it.
it
I can't remember There was one, it was to Procter and gamble. Uh huh. Okay
then
we
got popped.
I can't remember
the name of it. It's been a while
and uh we've got Procter and Gamble right here in Cincinnati.
Come on.
That's where they're from
doctrine game. Oh yeah.
And
I
don't want
I
can't.
Now
now if you can do those hits on amazon uh turk it's called amazon turk. Have you ever heard of that?
Yeah, now that's it's hard,
You've got to really yeah, you can do like a you know, they've got like 1500 hits and they may pay three cents apiece, you know, and you just do the same one over and over and over and over and over. You know
that it's it's hard it's hard to get approved
on amazon can get that. You know this is the best, this is my best one, prolific is
I
like
it,
I like it. It's all right.
Yeah, they're all grown up and gone, you know? Yeah, I've got three. I've got a See my daughter, she was born in 80, so her birthday was last, Her birthday was last month October 14. They made her 40. Yeah,
she's 40.
That's my oldest one.
she
lives sit down there where walmart sat far away. Then I've got a son in florida
and then a daughter up in Dayton. Ohio.
Mhm. Well it borders
Southern Ohio and northern Pataki. Yeah I'm about 1/2 an hour from the bridge that goes to Ohio right on the close to Ohio river.
I drove a truck over the road for several years
but it was mainly just southeast I didn't new york city or new California. And before this west we went was Dallas.
And then other than that it was all you know the Carolinas and Tennessee and Georgia and all that Mississippi Alabama and florida. Yeah.
Yeah over the road. But now I've been out west, I've been to California.
I've been the Hollywood. Yeah
I graduated high school and then my buddy fixed my old car up and we took off the California right out of high school graduated. I had, I think 32 people graduated in my graduating class.
What's
happened?
You
must have been really small.
Like
I think you know our little town, you know it's small So we, we might have had 30 people graduated that year. You know, I took off and fix my car up and we saved our money for a while and we took off to California.
Now
I drove, I drove to California and we went to Hollywood boulevard since its trip and we haven't seen the stars on the sidewalk and all that
went
to,
went to Disney and went all the way down and went to Long beach and all that.
yeah. I've been to florida several times. That's usually where we where we go on vacation when I was a kid. You know, growing up we get to florida for vacation or Myrtle beach or something. You know, I
would
want to live down there in florida. It's just too hot.
Overall,
is weird. The roads are weird in Dallas
and
the, and the lights on the, on the police cars, aren't they like orange or yellow or something?
police cars here. All police cars, The lights are blue,
blue. That's it. Yeah,
No,
when I was out there, I remember seeing lights flashing. They were red or green or blue, you know, some weird color and it was a couch. You know, while it was funny because they had a different color light on the car.
And the ambulance
for colours? The ambulance lights, Are they blue?
that's
been
the same then. Yeah, it was, it was just a police car I guess. I thought that was strange being a
different color. You know? I'm
gonna
grab this cigarette real quick. Okay.
Mhm. Oh yeah I rushed
home. I said I hope I don't have to pull my car over and get on my phone. You know I hate I hate doing it on my phone.
I wanted to get on get on my laptop so it's a lot better when you're at home. What then sitting in the car?
I
have to
go. Yeah. Yeah. I had a doctor's appointment. It's about It's about an hour and 10 minutes away. Not not the town where wal mart. It's a different one. Another one.
Yeah. In the city. Big city. Yeah.
Well
I look out and I see green grass and trees
and that's it. Unless I look over that way and then I can see my brother's house over there, you know?
I
like I like it out in the country here, out in the woods. We got a lot of turkey and deer here.
you
have.
I can look out my window here and say dear all the time in the evening.
when
I was
younger
right, I used to hunt but I can't do it anymore.
I'm too soft hearted anymore.
Yeah. Yeah, we've got elk in Kentucky now.
Yeah, they uh about 20 years ago they released a bunch of them and and now they have a season they have to draw tickets, only two people in the state or something, you know? Not me. But but
yeah, we've got a few.
The big
what?
we
don't have any wolves, but we've got a lot of coyotes, coyote, we've got a
broken
arm
back in
the
howard.
a lot of times at night I can hear them yelping back in there if they
after they make a kill, you know they all yeah. Yeah, it sounds like screaming and stuff, you know,
it's
kind of eerie.
Yeah, it's really been in it. Yeah.
We have open season on them. You're around
unkindly.
Yeah. We've got people with, we got a guy here that's pretty close and he he hunts them and and traps them and stuff for people on their farms. You know, they start killing livestock and uh you call
him, he'll come
out
traps and staff.
I don't think so.
Now
he works for the state to uh, it's animal control, you know the hit once there's a thick, you know that they'll kill a calf, you know, baby
calf
or a baby horse or something, you know
we do we
we
used
to have used to have cat on and had a couple of horses back, you know I can move this younger but now we just we just
leased out there hey now we've got a lot of fields and and got got some woods and some hollers, you know with where the creek runs down through, you know there have been no no animals,
no no domesticated ones other than I've got a a golden retriever. But he's at my sister's right now since I'm in his camper. Uh huh.
He's
about 14 now
I got it, my name is about this big
I
heard
him
will go.
I heard him earlier.
Yeah yeah we do. My sister does rescue and stuff for dogs and cats because we've got a shelter here in the county. And they used to they used to kill them after so long you know animals. So now we've got to set up where it's a no kill shelter now. So
and
yeah my sister she's in a group and they transport them all over all over the country. You know they
found find people that to rescue them you know and save them.
I
I got an antenna. Yeah I
get
like
I
get
like six channels you know on the T. V.
Yeah I took three puppies this morning down the dollar store. Had
had a woman from
Ohio drove all the way over here and we met at the dollar store. She'll take it all
the
way
up
high. Oh and then and then if there's another, you know they're volunteers and they
go from one spot to another.
You know people that drive until it gets to where it needs to go dog.
They'll
call shelters
in places.
They were little beagles.
they were
only
the
cutest still fighting. Yeah they were
done.
Somebody dropped them off at the shelter. My
sister went and got them yesterday and then she got on the computer and
and found a place for them. So uh she
drove
all the way
down and a half away and came up here and then I met her then she goes all the way back there. Yeah at another
shot.
No no do
board. I've been divorced for about 12 years.
Well well
I tried it three times.
Sorry?
No I've got one from my
first marriage which I was in high school and we got married because she was pregnant you know and it was the right thing to do and of course it didn't work after about three years you know
and then a few years later I got married again and then I had to we were married
about
12 years and then she treated all man. So anyway we
went through a divorce and then I married one more time and we've been having kids, I'm married about seven years
at times, so
and then she cheated too. So
so I'll say that's enough of that.
Yeah. Yeah. Well you
know if you can work out communication and understanding and you know somebody that cares you know has a big heart you can understand the situation, you know, there's somebody
for everybody I believe really
I
just I just gave up I kind of gave up you know. Well I won't get hurt again you know.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I give it my last wife I met her on the internet.
My,
yeah. How long have
you been online for? Years and years
remember? Yahoo chat when it was big? Yahoo chat. That's where I met her at on yahoo's
that
I don't know.
This
was in
It was 1999
because I remember the The year 2000
yeah we was worried about our computers messing up you know. Yeah that was
that's when we got married. Yeah.
cos
serve
I used to uh I used to work
on laptops. I uh I was a power selling on Ebay for a few years.
I would buy a palette of laptops that like a insurance company
their their employees would turn them in to upgrade and I would buy him and I work
on them and rebuild them
and then uh, get them ready and sell them individually on, on Ebay.
I
didn't
feel
good
several years. But then uh, their fees and between Paypal and Ebay, all the fees and then the scammers out there, you know, I just, I quit.
I
was
born.
I'll
take it
anymore.
there's a lot of scams. I
just
got, I got a check in the mail. Well, I got an email saying that uh, this job opportunity where they could wrap, wrap your car.
Rapid. And they pay you $500 a month to drive around and advertised. Well, I told him, okay. And I get my address. They, they overnighted the ups me a check For $1500 and it looked legit.
I'm sorry.
I took it down to the bank and I talked to him about it. I said I want you to tell me if this check uh will pass or not. And they got on the phone and they looked at it they said yes okay.
I didn't do it. I didn't do
it
because I knew it was a scam.
No they told me it would have cleared but
they would have caught it a few weeks later. You know
It clears it takes about three days for it to clear. It was declared
that I didn't finally they were caught up you know
next.
Yeah.
And never cleared.
really got to watch it.
That's my second when I've I've got I'll just
go
to the bank and I talked to the girl down there
and
I
tell
her, you know, to be aware and I give her the check and make copies of the emails and I, you know, take this up to your boss. You know, let them know what's going on. And because, you know, they're scams. You know, if it sounds too good, it's usually
usually is. Yeah.
Well,
if we have yeah,
we gotta do
we gotta do this big long question thing now. Don't
I
don't know,
we
talk most.
it's good
mentioning.
All
right, I'll get off here and get on this survey.