Yeah
good. So where are you located?
Oh I'm in Virginia.
Well
uh huh bad weather. Um It might storm like later right now. It kind of looks louis it's windy so what's your temperature there now
and?
Oh that's nasty. No
we might wonder
storm.
Where what part of michigan?
Yeah I'm
in
santa
cristina pardon
me.
Yeah. Uh No I'm in the Piedmont. I'm between like the beach and the mountains so you know
we have
some hills but no yeah it's not it's not mountainous here. So the further west you go the more you get into the mountains so but anyway I'm Karen what's your name?
What are we Rome? I was wondering who they would hook us up with. I was I was thinking that they might put me with somebody like totally different from me like say a 19 year old South African college student or something.
I
was
picturing
something.
What?
yeah I thought I was just hoping it would be somebody that spoke english. Well that was my main concern, I was
like you know.
Yeah I mean I didn't want to be spending the whole time saying what what was that part of me that would be coming? They would come and defeat the purpose. So you have kids.
I have one son, he's in brazil's grown, he's been he's in brazil right now believe it or not
not working you just you just
wanted
to let
kind of down there. Um No actually wow, He's 31. He just um he had a job for a number of years I mean um a good federal job and um but it was like a contract type position where you know the employment was not Guaranteed after like five years or something like that and his company lost the contract and he wasn't really crazy about working there anyway, you know what I mean? It was, it was okay. It was a job. But anyway, um he took his savings and you know, decided to go to Brazil to tour around for like six months or something. So are you still there?
Yeah. Yeah, it is, it is. But you know, brazil wasn't like the safest place. So I mean, you know, being mom, I've been, you know, pretty worried about it. But I mean he seems to be doing fine. He was, he said he feels safe there. So you know, it's not,
it
hasn't been a big, you know, deal. Yeah, so far at least anyway because I think he'll be there until he says baby May. So you know, he's got a ways to go yet.
I always got to be a great idea. I wouldn't really be happy about that. Okay.
Like I don't
see
you right now. I've got like a silhouette. That's funny. I mean, I hear you fine. Mhm
That's okay. I don't think. Not
no,
I
don't see
It might
not
be
anything
nervous.
Do you see you in the, on the small screen?
Yeah. Do you see me or you have the
silhouette
thing? Mm Yeah, that's strange. I don't know why.
I mean you were coming in fine. You were like pixelated or whatever. But then, but then, um, now
it's
like
your silhouette or something.
But anyway, I don't know, I'm not gonna worry about it. I mean hopefully
as long as we talk and then I don't
know
what, so how long have you been on prolific?
How long have you been on prolific? Are you on prolific?
Yeah, I like prolific. It's, it's, it's a lot better than a lot of survey sites because I mean, you know, you, you know, you, you rarely very rarely get kicked off of it. I mean I've been, I've been on there for and most of the surveys are short, so it's good. I've been
on there
probably, Yeah, I've been on there maybe like three years now. I've made probably close to $1,000. So
I check
it
a lot because it's,
I do that
to
do.
Well swag bucks. I don't know. It's kind of, it's kind of like hit or miss. It seems like, I mean I haven't qualified for a survey for a long time, but I do, but I do other things on there. Like they have a trivia game that I play. Swaggy cute. You know,
it comes
on your
phone,
You have a smartphone.
Do you have a life phone?
you
could always
get
rid of some you're not using.
I
I get,
yeah, well mine isn't either. I mean I just I just basically, you know if there's something I really want to put on there, I just get rid of something else I'm not using. So. But yeah, I play that the games come on like monday through Fridays and then it's like um yeah, you know, you can win swag bucks on there. So it's like when a couple of times I've won the game because it's like, you know, they're not super hard. So um anyway, yeah, it adds my tool so that's good. And then I do like some movie clip thing that our juice white. But but I know somebody on swag bucks who like she runs those videos all the time.
You
know, they have
like
videos
on
there.
Yeah, well that's what she does. I mean she's got several gadgets, I don't know, computers, phones, whatever. She makes like pretty decent money on there. I mean, it's something like, I don't know, $50 a week baby or something. I'm like, Wow, that's pretty good money.
so
well
I don't
ruins,
I
mean
they're
surveys
don't, different points. Mhm.
Well, that's the best thing about those videos. You can just like let them run, you know, and you still get paid. So that's pretty cool. It's like,
that's
I should get like, I mean, I've got some phones around here, but it's like, you know, all those, some cars are out of them and stuff like that. I should, I should try them. So I mean right now, Although my, my Internet is supposedly unlimited. I don't know, I haven't pushed it. I haven't gone past 40 gigs, so I kind of nervous
about
that.
That yeah, that used to happen here when I was on like, different providers, like, and you know, that's miserable. You know, when you can slow down, you can like not really do anything, it's like horrible
can't one thing going. Uh So I was like, oh my gosh, So anyway, so what do you do for work? You do work at all, or are you just sort of, you stay
at home or?
I'm supposed
to be
getting
my
friends.
I'm not Yeah, my dad, my dad kind of is in the early stages of that. I think he hasn't, he doesn't have a formal diagnosis, but my mom's alzheimer runs in the family and my mom is supposed to be giving him diagnosed, you know, to see if, I mean, I'm hoping it's not, I mean, it would be great, it would be something that could be, you know, more treatable, but um I don't know she for some, I have to call her today's for some reason she's ignoring the emails. I don't know if she's mad at me or I don't know if I'm going to find out what's going on up there. Yeah, so it's kind of unfortunate. But anyway, so yeah, you have pets.
you need
to,
need
to,
you
love
cats.
And besides that they there's so many that need homes, wow.
Mhm Yeah, I would I would get one now. I mean you have the time to take care of them and so many somebody need homes. I mean I
have
yeah, just get weird. I mean what the heck? You know, you're not doing that much else because I've
got I've
got
Lord this, can I have to tell Nico? Yeah He's getting a little bit better because he's he's about 18 months now but I got him when he was about six months and oh my gosh that cat was
so
wild.
uh It was so bad about like attacking my feet in the bed and stuff, it was just like oh drink, you know I mean really like that's one thing I have a weighted blanket over my feet now you know and that that's been the best thing because you know now be attacks my feet I can't I can't even feel the class.
It's like
he's
Uh huh uh Here's something else. Yeah I don't know. He's not he's not the greatest cat but you know you get attached to him looking to say no matter
what they
do,
you know?
Yeah he's um it's he gets friendly at times. I mean, you know, he although he kind of drives me not so if I'm on a computer or something, he wants to come over and be sitting on me and I'm like, you know, interferes with what around doing this was like,
boy,
you
know?
Yeah, I mean picks, he picks like the absolute work come over here. But I mean it's nice. I mean I'm not really complaining if I if I really want them I'll put the computer down. So so anyway, he's pat, he's padding around. Now. There was this thing I'm I'm on these like cat groups on facebook and uh they were um they were asking if
your
cat had a job, what would it be? You know, and they were like, you know, exterminator, you know, different things, different things they like, you know, because there are a little different, I said mine would be a professional complaint letter writer because he likes to complain a lot. Uh huh. Oh, they're a trip
anyway.
Well yeah, the last cat I had, he was great. I mean he was just he was the best. He was just very quiet, friendly, smart, everything you would want on the cat. Um you know, sociable. He was really good. This this cat, this is cat is more like your typical cat I guess. So anyway, so when's your weather is starting to get bad? Is it just like,
it's terrific that
can be power out of her? Uh huh,
Well,
yeah, but then what about the lights, do you have battery operated stuff or you have a generator?
Wow.
I was just thinking, okay, we started chatting at 11, 13. So, so when is when is 25 minutes then? 11, 13, 25 Is what? 11 38?
Okay, maybe we should go to 1140 just in case
just
we got
we
have to make sure we get
you hungry,
important
them. Yeah. Oh, you never know about these things, but but anyway, I mean, I'm just glad the video linked work, because I was thinking like, yeah, what if the link doesn't work? You know,
just
like
that's
Yeah, that's what I was thinking too, because I mean, I'm pretty responsible about things like this, but not everybody is and some people just forget or you know, they're off doing something else, whatever. So I am alone.
So what
are you doing this weekend? Oh, go ahead.
I'm
sorry.
I
wasn't
what
I want to explain what I didn't want to do it, like right away on the day that I first found out about this because I mean um I don't know, I was in my jammies
or
whatever.
Yeah of course. I was planning, I was planning to go out, you know, blah blah. So I just thought and then, but I didn't want to wait too long and friday, I was busy so it was like I didn't want to wait too long because I thought that they might um you know like fill up or something. So I thought of saturday's a good compromise. So anyway, so what are you doing this weekend yet? Are you doing anything cooking anything or I guess
you're going
over? Your
parents
have
victim?
that sounds
pretty
blood.
that was
eaten.
That sounds good. Yeah, that sounds really pretty good. You might as well do better do all year. You you cook an electric stove over. What kind of what's your stove?
Okay. I've got like a fake wood stove in my bedroom. You know the kind of throws heat but like it's not it doesn't use wood, it's you know, it's electric and um I like that. It's really homey. It's got
the
spine on
smells dead.
That's one thing I really
making
up
this
house.
didn't
I was hoping to move from here. Um you know, put my house on the market, but like I don't know if I'm going to be able to now because you know, I've got some like dental things or whatever. I mean I will eventually, but I mean I don't know if I'll be able to do at the spring or not. Mhm.
But
that's
Yeah, because um you know, obviously your teeth come first before, I mean and I don't know how much it's going to be. So But you were talking about your own disability. I'm supposed to be getting my first it's not disability but like regular social security because I'm 62. I'm supposed
to be getting that in on Wednesday. So like, I mean I'm excited about it, but guess what my bank is like they're switching to another bank. I mean they've been taken over by another bank
and they're starting to like switch things around. I mean, which makes me nervous, you know, because I'm supposed to be, you know, because they might switch account members at some point. I don't think they're doing that yet, but they are already in the process of changing debit cards and you know, all that stuff.
So
I mean I'm going to give them a compliment and yeah, and and you know, because I want my account number to stay the freaking same. I don't want to have to you know, deal with this with Social Security when I'm just getting started, you know, so I'm planning on calling them monday and making sure everything is going to be in place for my check to be deposited. So anyway.
Well the thing that was bad about you know I I don't really care if this bank looks like they have you know, a lot of interesting options and stuff like that. You know that my old bank didn't. But
the thing
is is that they didn't give anybody any warning or anything. I mean it was like it was like about a week ago in my herb week and a half ago I get in my mailbox, this thing from this new bank and I'm like what the heck is this all about that they want to you know lend me money? I don't know what this is. I open it up and everything and there's all this stuff and then I find out that my bank is changing to this other bank and it's like you know they never sent out a letter, they never they never told anybody. I mean if they wanted to save money they could have sent an email or something. I mean I had no idea this was even work. So I was like
Thanks.
Oh well yeah I mean those things happen but I mean you know you would expect that you would get some sort of notification because other people do you know that we're changing the such and such a bank or you know Nice was nice doing business with you you know whatever something, you know what I mean? It's not just something from the bank.
So anyway, what I said, I'm going to call them a day and make sure everything's gonna be cool for my check to be deposited. So I mean my direct deposit to go in. So anyway.
I'm making
like chicken chili today. Like what?
Yeah. Well um Richmond Richmond Virginia with Yeah, that's about 30 some miles from here. But I mean Richmond's a really nice town. I mean there's there's a lot to do their, you know?
It's
yeah, it's a good place. I mean and
it's
not
like
terribly congested one little thing. Yeah, it's it's It's nice. That reminds kind of of my hometown, you know it's a little bit bigger I'd say it's probably about 200,000 people. But like um yeah it's good. I just always enjoyed going there. It's one of my favorite places to go. So and my son money comes back. You should be in northern Virginia. So it won't be you know, terribly far apart, you know, maybe an hour or 22 hours I guess.
So
anyway.
I think
so.
Well hopefully he doesn't like to do stuff on the weekends usually. Um You know, but we'll see, we'll see what happens, you know, once he gets back from brazil and whatnot. So
anyway.
I hope not. I really? Uh huh. You know, he's 31, okay. He's been in like maybe two serious relationships and he's like, well no one serious relationship for 1.5 maybe. He's like, oh there's there's no all the good ones are married or something like that. It's like how do you know he has
indicated
that
many
people?
no.
Anyway,
I'm sure, I'm sure there are. So I don't know. I think he's just afraid of the whole thing to be honest. So
anyway
it is
I mean but like it was you know his longest term girlfriend she wanted to live together. But um I don't know, he was pretty snarky about it. He was like you know sort of like well you know you're not successful enough for that or something like you know, I mean he didn't want to have to support her basically. So
I
mean
I wouldn't
have
taken
that
very
well. And I yeah, so
anyway, so anyway, needless to say they broke up at some point Anyway. So I guess what 1140 we go back to prolific, is that is that what we should do?
I mean I don't think it's just gonna end. So
All right, we'll see.
There's
been well
Has
it been long enough for me? Let me make sure I'm gonna do it on the calculator first. Okay.
3-5
minutes.
How much you want?
27 minutes?
Well, we came on we started talking 11.13. so let me see. I'm just going to do um It's 11 40 40 minutes 17
40 months minus 13. Yeah. Yeah. 27 minutes. So that should be long enough.
Well,
it was very
nice during my talking Union. Yeah.
And
guess we won't see each other again.
Bye bye.