SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mhm. And Uh huh. Right. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. That's right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No, No. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Remember. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. With a couple. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm mm. Okay. Maybe. Mm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm mm hmm mm mm. Okay, mm hmm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Just Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay Washington. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. And mm hmm, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Come on. Mhm. Mhm mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Thank you. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Uh huh mm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Right. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Uh huh mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Movie. Mhm. Right sort of Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Anderson. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Because, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm States. Mhm. Mhm. What? Mhm. Uh huh, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm mm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm, mm hmm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh, mm hmm, mm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, I think. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Do you think? Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Hi, I'm
SPEAKER_R: what's up?
SPEAKER_L: Bonnie. Who are you?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I'm Kristen.
SPEAKER_L: Hi Kristen. Nice to meet you. You might hear some banging. That roof is replacing my roof. So I'm in a kind of low, the wife, I had the head, sorry, I'm very tired
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: headache
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: in another part of the house. So I had to move over here. The
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: word.
SPEAKER_R: actually, I'm actually at work right now. I um edit college student essays and it's just like um someone like I like I was supposed to finish at 10, so I'm like, oh yeah, I'll do it at 10. And then someone like, can you do one more? And I'm like, sure, Yeah, why not? It won't be too long, right? And they were like, oh no, and it's like twice the length they said it would be, so I'm like, okay, great, that's that's great.
SPEAKER_L: Are you on the East Coast?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I'm in new york. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm just right outside of Chicago. I'm originally from the East Coast. I'm from boston.
SPEAKER_R: okay, cool. So yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Sweet.
SPEAKER_R: think I actually it was funny because before all this covid thing, I was actually going to take a trip to boston because I haven't been there for like five years. And then obviously yeah, that didn't pan out.
SPEAKER_L: Well you can still go for me. It's a problem but for you it's easy.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's like I just I don't like wearing masks. Like I mean obviously like you have to I here down south like no one is wearing masks. Like someone I talk to you during this yesterday told me that down in Tennessee like they just go to school and nothing's changed, nothing's different. But
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like yeah I just I hate wearing mask like to go around to like museums and everything and then after wearing mask all the time I'm like it won't be fun.
SPEAKER_L: So are you a college professor if you're editing study as essays or what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I'm an english tutor. Um So it's mostly online but I also work as a substitute teacher at a local high school.
SPEAKER_L: That's going to be interesting that this that's a funky age.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Where the students are actually really good about wearing their masks because we're back to in person learning. Um We have four groups A. Through D. Um A. Is like half the alphabet. So like A. Through K. And then like um Then it's like group B. Is like L. Through Z. And so like on monday, group A first half comes in and then group B comes in on Tuesday. And then Wednesday they just have total remote learning. And then on thursday there's like the other half of the alphabet comes in that split up again. So there's two groups that, so there's like four groups total, so you only see them like once a week. So the rest of it's all online. So like, it's nice that way. But then like, there are some kids that like have problems learning from home or like for like parents or they don't get internet or stuff like that. So then they're in like, uh, every day, four days a week. And then there are some people that are just totally remote because it's like whatever they got this.
SPEAKER_L: I would not want to have a teenager home all the time, especially
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: in spring. I told myself I would have killed my daughter. I think it would have been an ugly situation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So you have kids?
SPEAKER_L: I have one daughter. She is turning 24. And one of the things that I have been really grateful for during this whole period is that she's not really young so that it would have been really not healthy for anybody. I mean really not healthy for anybody. So I don't know how kids did it, especially teenagers who really want autonomy and you want to be shut off from your parents. And then especially if you don't have a large space, it doesn't but I think it doesn't even matter what size the spaces at that age, it's an emotional space you need. You know, it just doesn't it just doesn't happen. You know if you're in the same place with your parents and little kids need a lot of input, which is the exact opposite. You know, I mean you teaching, you know, little kids need a lot of input then for the parents don't get really get the space that they need. And I think the teenagers are on the flip end where they'll never get the space they need because they're emotional spaces so, you know, it keeps expanding. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. That's like, I mean like I'm supposed to like enforced, like if kids are, you know, on their cell phones, you know, like put that down, we're learning now. But like I just, I can't bring myself to do it because you don't know their home situation. You know what I mean? Like they could be um like maybe like they have like a younger sister at home and they're just like, oh yeah, like mom and dad are away at work or something. And it's like text me like if something comes up and so they're like literally like playing babysitter while they're at school. Like
SPEAKER_L: That's hard. That's really hard that the situation has been hard because for us it's been it was pretty easy because my daughter was gone and we by I think it was early july, I took off for England because we have a second home there. So I was gone most of the summer and I came home for a few weeks and took off back to England and now we're trying to decide what to do. So for us it was pretty easy, you know, and we were we knew it and it was fun because we used to travel a part of the year for work and for other things. So first it was very simple um and we enjoyed it because we hadn't been home for so long and it was it was great. But other than that it was I but I could see what was going on with other families and it was, you know, there were times to help people really crack. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: huh
SPEAKER_L: Well it's hard, it's hard, no matter what I think you can, for example, my husband has people who work for him. Well they don't couldn't get childcare, they couldn't have child care. So they would be working much longer days because they had to do things with their toddlers, for example,
SPEAKER_R: Bar
SPEAKER_L: so to be a parent who's working from home and not having child care is very tough,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like I can't imagine like people who are like doctors and nurses that have like young kids right now or even like grocery store workers that have kids right now, like I just,
SPEAKER_L: who's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: feel
SPEAKER_L: take
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: care
SPEAKER_R: bad
SPEAKER_L: of.
SPEAKER_R: because it's like going out and risking your life every day and then like coming back and you've got kids and like, am I going to get them sick? Like uh like it's just, it's so terrible.
SPEAKER_L: But new york is it was a different place to, I think you guys you had an on spot, it was a very, very different place for the rest of us. It was never that, I mean, Chicago sort of has a constant, yeah, I think weird shit show it sort of constant and not great, but it was never but new york has, I think emotionally, I mean I actually have a friend who had been friends since I was very young and I actually tell him when I can't talk to you because he would get so emotional and sort of lose his temper and I understood he felt so under stress, but I didn't want to be yelled at all the time if I said, I wonder, I was trying to say, I don't like wearing a mask. The rest of the sense was going to be, but I understand the need. As soon as I said, you know, I don't, I don't like wearing a mask, literally, he jumped in there, started yelling at me will you don't understand. I'm in the epicenter and I'm like, it didn't even let me finish dude. So it had reached a point where like somebody else's stressed, I couldn't deal with it anymore. And I understand you know that this person was you know, I guess he lived down the street from the hospital in queens where or Brooklyn or everybody was going one of the big centres. So anyway, so where did you go to school? Right.
SPEAKER_R: I've long since graduated.
SPEAKER_L: Did you go in the east toward everything from there?
SPEAKER_R: it's funny because I've been everywhere in new york. Um I was born and raised on Long Island and then I went to um Rochester new york for school and then um I uh met my husband there and uh he's in the navy, so we were he was stationed down to south Carolina for a bit and were stationed up in Albany.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well. So you're a navy wife? That's interesting. How is that? You have to shift every few years, don't you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, we're here for like the next, I think we have two more years after this and then he can choose to stay on or um go somewhere else. But like honestly like there's actually like positions open actually like in England that like we're like really like, oh I want to move to europe because we took our honeymoon in Italy and we traveled
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: all over Italy and it was beautiful. I like I love europe, I'm like I definitely want to move there. But uh yeah, now with this covid thing that sort of puts a damper on all of our, all of our plans because they were building up the naval program. So there was a chance that he could like segue over to their operations in England.
SPEAKER_L: Super.
SPEAKER_R: But now with how everything's been run over there, it's like, don't, you know, don't yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: think it sounds
SPEAKER_R: start working again
SPEAKER_L: worse there than it actually is when
SPEAKER_R: her.
SPEAKER_L: my husband made up a week ago. He said you know the way we hear it here is you know how is and I said well you should hear how we hear about you
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: know America. I said so same thing, same, same, it's fine. You know you just putting my ass. I I always wash my hands when I walked in the house. So there are a lot of things that you do now that I always did because we did travel so much that it was a necessity otherwise you were sick all the time. So it was didn't doesn't really except for the mask. Nothing feels that different stuff. I can't do a lot of things I wanted to do. But I would go to europe even now if you if you can get over there you know for a position I why stay domestic if you've got the chance of having somebody pay your housing and you know where.
SPEAKER_R: we definitely want to. But yeah, you're totally like right like that they will like support the housing and everything. But it's just like their operations in what he's doing because he he deals with a very specific field of nuclear submarines and so lots of covid they put like the whole program on standby.
SPEAKER_L: Got it.
SPEAKER_R: That's why it's like is it still even happening? And it's like probably not like there that's going to be that can is going to be kicked for like a decade down the road. So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: got.
SPEAKER_R: I want to just like sit here, you know, twiddling our thumbs like oh yeah we're waiting for that program to open up or do we want to like because there's other things like even at west like California in Seattle and things and it's like maybe instead of, you know moving to europe, maybe we want to move to Seattle. Maybe we'll go to Seattle for, you know, five years and then you know. So yeah, so my life is always up in the air. That's why I really like working just like online as much as I can because that way at least I know like I'll be working no matter where I go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know, I understand. Absolutely. And you can do it when you want, which I really
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: like, I actually do, I didn't do it until I used to be a video producer and I'm also still professor, I'm still a professional photographer. But when my daughter was in university, she was going in Northern England and I kind of felt like I wanted to do something to because I just I wanted to contribute to make things a little easier for her instead of always. I mean when you're married, both your money, but it just felt like I wasn't contribute as much as I wanted to. So
SPEAKER_R: We're
SPEAKER_L: I started doing stuff online and then I would just hand her the money, you know, into her account. And so that was like a really good motivation for me. So you're teaching your husband's in the Navy and you're from around new york. So do people feel kind of shut in in new york still?
SPEAKER_R: See I'm upstate. So like I, one thing about me is I always walk like I got my Fitbit like I always get like I usually walk like five miles a day. And so when that happened I was like a caged tiger. Like I just like I stayed in my apartment, I didn't go out and it was just like it was awful for me. But then once I like finally I was like I'm sick of this, I need to go for a walk. And like there were people like walking their dogs, like everyone's wearing masks but like it seemed like pretty business as usual. Like I'm more north of Albany like in Saratoga Springs, which is a really nice area and like people just go about their day. There's no one really like sick here. Like there's not like a whole like, oh gosh, you're gonna catch it sort of thing. Like I know like in like I saw pictures like in new york city that it's just like everyone was just like locked in their homes. Like my friend who lives there was telling me that it's like, oh yeah, like you can look at on the streets, I completely deserted. But like here it's like people are still like going to the grocery stores. There's no like fights breaking out at trader joe's or anything like that. Like everything is like normal. Like what about like where you are like by Chicago like is it just like business as usual or?
SPEAKER_L: pretty much except for what I call, I don't clean up my language freaking trader joe's, which I will not, it's the only place where actually still sometimes you have to stand in line and you know, I don't know if they do that there, but they don't let you, you have to stand back while they bring things up. Do they do that there? And
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'm like, you know what, I actually, you've got the plastic, I don't say anything, but this is, I think I've gone three times because after I, after I saw they'd be like, could you please stand back? And it's like I'm wearing a mask, you're behind plastic, you're wearing a mask. I'd like to see you bring up my groceries. And so I just, I was there actually last week and I was like, you know, trader joe's never fails to annoy anymore
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: so I can pretty much avoided. I used to go a lot and now three times since March, you know, I just don't have the patience for that kind of silliness at that point. Um things are fair, I'd say pretty normal though, I think the numbers are rising and so they're talking about walking it back a little bit. So I'm thinking I better make a hair appointment, better get to the dentist, who knows? Who knows? I mean, ideally they do what they do in England keep most businesses open, you know, they say things like don't visit people don't, you know, they're starting to say we would like it if you would not, you know, they like to not shut businesses and and not just not a good way of dealing anymore anyway. Oh good. I'm gonna take a coffee so I can do, I'm a cold beverage in the morning kind of gal. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, I cannot
SPEAKER_L: Breath
SPEAKER_R: drink anything cold like I cannot.
SPEAKER_L: Really? This is
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: ice coffee since they
SPEAKER_R: that's good though. So I love tea. But it's funny because I can drink like scorching hot tea and it's so funny like this is probably like the worst thing to tell a stranger, but like I'm a huge gulp er like when I drink like from like if I have a full water bottle and I'm really thirsty, I'll just gulp that whole thing down in one go. I'll just be like, look, look, look look because it just sits there and watches just glug it to the whole thing's down. He's like, if there was ever like a drinking contest, like hot dog eating contest, like you should be in it because you would just, you'd be able to like, oh yeah water bottle, like she just drink that in like 14 seconds. Like don't
SPEAKER_L: so I have a question if your husband's in the navy, how does he feel about and how do you feel about what like the elections of what's going on now?
SPEAKER_R: Oh um we're both liberal so we're not happy with what's going on just at all. Like he is uh there isn't like since he's in the nuclear power sector, there hasn't really been a lot like focused on nuclear power. I know like I supported like warren when she was running and like a lot of things that she said my husband was like, no, she wants to shut down nuclear power, she cannot
SPEAKER_L: You,
SPEAKER_R: get elected. But like yeah, we both, we already voted absentee. Um where were thrown are behind biden because at this point it's just a matter of getting trump out of office because
SPEAKER_L: we feel we're pretty liberal to it. My my husband actually did some work with the military but we're pretty liberal also. And I did talk to my friend yesterday who was the staunchest republican. I know and he absolutely and I said he said I voted and I was quiet and I said what did you do? And he said, I never thought I'd say this. He said I voted democrat and he said something I thought was kind of beautiful the way he put it, he said, I think we need to show the world in America that this is not who we are. And I thought that was a lovely way to say that and that and that to me it felt more patriotic than anything. It was not about partisanship, it was about how we want to be as people.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: And he said when I saw, he said, I really didn't, he said I was gonna vote because he's not a big biden fan either. And he said, when I saw him use that was the Air Force one or whatever to you know, for on prime time to rip off his mask in front of the world and used the spotlight, He said to me that was the final straw. He said, everything bothered me. He said,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: well they said this is not who we are as people and I thought that was beautiful. So I thought I'd be standing behind, you know, So I don't know, I would prefer the next person and I say this is a very much of a peace loving person.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I think the next month we've talked about this at home now, it wouldn't be bad as the next person who served had served in the military because they would understand what it's like to put other people first. So,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's really true.
SPEAKER_L: so that's some of the things we've, you know, we've talked about in the house about what we would like to see him out. I am confined raising taxes, but we would like to see change and really good. It's
SPEAKER_R: Like I'm just
SPEAKER_L: embarrassment.
SPEAKER_R: worried that I'm stays in office like with health care, like vitamins raising taxes, but it's just like, that's like almost pales in comparison to like what if healthcare suddenly disappears because like I have like pre existing conditions, I'm pretty sure like pretty much everyone does. It's like, oh yeah, so you might not be able to get insurance anymore, like Great.
SPEAKER_L: We always did have that before. Um, but there's always a lot of alternatives. I the health care thing is very interesting. I don't think Um, Obamacare was perfect by any means, I wish it was better. It was just but I got to water down so I don't know I do know that my health insurance premiums when Obamacare came in went from literally doubled up to over $4,000 a month. I had to ditch my health care and go to something lesser that that was upsetting. But you know there are pros and cons and on the other hand a lot of other people got health care and no you shouldn't be knocked out for pre existing because the the insurance companies make a lot of profit. Um You know they're betting that you don't get sick when they charge these premiums. So it's interesting but you know I just want peace, quiet and peace and we laughed at like when we brought people will say oh trump so funny. It's like no he's not funny.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: You know this isn't funny, what's going on is just horrible. So what
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: by
SPEAKER_R: was pulled out of the World Health Organization. Like we're in the middle of a pandemic, like you didn't like, he just uh and just the way he like, I don't even follow him on twitter, but she's like seeing the things that he writes in the news, it's like he's becoming like deeply unhinged like
SPEAKER_L: oh no, not
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: be kind.
SPEAKER_R: you are a liar, like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: he just lies about everything and it's like who would support this? Like it's embarrassing like
SPEAKER_L: you know, sometimes I do flip on his twitter things, I'm just like I send them to friends, I'm like, oh guess what the news of the day is today, Like this is, it's like, it's like somebody, he's like, you're, I think of it as like the uncle at the table at the family table and you always kind of were embarrassed, you think, oh God is uncle so and so like his uncle Donald's going to be there and then now he's your president, he's the embarrassing uncle out of control who got power. That's how I think of him. You're drunk, embarrassing uncle isn't it? Like he's the one that you would be like, oh and it would be kind of funny because at the end of the party you'd be gone, but now you see he stayed too long party maybe that's
SPEAKER_R: We're like, it's like, like live with like your, you know with the silly uncle at like, you know, parties and stuff and like oh christmas dinner and things like that, it's like whatever we just put up with it, you know, for a little bit when it's
SPEAKER_L: Now,
SPEAKER_R: like you wouldn't give him like control, like you wouldn't make him your health care proxy, like you'd be like,
SPEAKER_L: you know what,
SPEAKER_R: I don't trust him with that and it's like now imagine that guy is the president
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: of the
SPEAKER_L: what I'm saying,
SPEAKER_R: I live in and shapes the laws and it's like no.
SPEAKER_L: that's what I said, everybody here for crazy uncle at thanksgiving dinner. But now he's running the show, oh my God, that I'm seeing pieces of my roof fall behind you and I'm like, I thank God you were supposed to put something down. I think that was my contract. It's kind of crazy. Um But anyway, Yeah, well hopefully, you know, and hopefully he goes peaceful, you know, because, and hopefully he doesn't win because he's not losing humans. I I think he'll be back in four years. I think he'll be running again, don't you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, completely like because I feel like he's going to be like there's so much stuff that he's done now, it's like, I'm pretty sure like he's gonna end up in jail for something if now with his shady organisations or the stuff that he's done is present. Like there's something that like literally he's done like that, he's gonna
SPEAKER_L: He's
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: gotten away a lot. So I don't know. I thought someone was going to take him out. I thought like when he started, I thought there was going to be an assassination when
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: he first moved
SPEAKER_R: you see there isn't because all of the crazy people who would go off and do something like that, or all the people who support him, so,
SPEAKER_L: point that's a very good point. I I don't see him as much of a military supporter. I don't see him as an american as him as anything that my crazy uncle at the table
SPEAKER_R: right, because he doesn't like support anything, which is
SPEAKER_L: himself
SPEAKER_R: whatever he support himself.
SPEAKER_L: I think about mani a must wake up every morning and think please let him have a heart attack and I get the life insurance today.
SPEAKER_R: Like that's why I let it when he got Covid, I was like, it's happening, our prayers are answered, like it's finally happening and it's like, oh no, he's fine. And it's like uh
SPEAKER_L: no you knew. Oh no I actually thought he faked it first. Actually did I was in England and people are like do you think he really and I'm like oh you know it could be a good P. R. Move you know trump trump said he'll beat this sucker virtual he has the best health best health care in the world you know so oh my God they really are dropping stuff all over the place. Um He's got the best health care in the world and you know, I just, I just knew this was, this wasn't gonna end well for any of us.
SPEAKER_R: Because I mean because here's the thing, if he dies, then he becomes a martyr and then it's like if he lives, then he's like, oh, see I told you, Covid was nothing to worry about. Just like the flu. I beat it and it's like, you can't win. Like you literally cannot win.
SPEAKER_L: I did have covid it really, for me it wasn't a big deal. Um, but I had it very early on, they just took him a while to figure what was, I had this bizarre cough for like 66 to 8 weeks and this is before I, we knew something was going on and then I was in Bangkok in Sri Lanka and I was traveling and I just didn't understand. No, nobody really knew what it was for a long time. So they kind of diagnosed it in retro retrograde and it just kept going. I kept having words, but I was so used to being sick all the time for being overseas that it's sort of like I got sick but it doesn't mean it isn't very serious for other people. You know, every very different and if you have preexisting conditions it's always it's another it's all another story at that point. And for me it was like I've never been so healthy as since Covid became a thing and people stayed home because now I'm not catching everybody's everything on the plane or in the airport. So as much as I hate wearing masks, it's been really nice not to be sick all the time. We were both sick a lot.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry to hear that. Like I'm
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad.
SPEAKER_R: just like, hopefully get like the flu once a year, but like knock on, like that's it for me. Like I know when this whole thing started like back in december, I got like the worst. Like I was so sick and like, but then I would and no one thought it was Covid because Covid in december was all in china, like it wasn't
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: what's not true though it was here
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, of course. So it's like, I might have gone it, but I've never gotten tested because I don't, I work from home rule. I don't really go anywhere. So
SPEAKER_L: and the kids are mostly healthy aren't they? They come into school.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Like ever, like if you don't feel well for like one day, like stay home. Like so far, we haven't had any, like if there have been any like, covid scares that if someone's been diagnosed with Covid, they haven't told us. So.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's like means like absent for the day. They're just like they're
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: just absent like because I know some school districts, it's like, oh hey, um
SPEAKER_L: Three. Anyway,
SPEAKER_R: this person like this teacher got Covid or
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: do you want
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: to?
SPEAKER_R: this janitor actually heard got covid, so they like close the whole school for like two weeks. It's back to remember uh have another essay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I think we did our 25 minutes or we have another.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: what? Thank you if you but it's been a pleasure. It's been a
SPEAKER_R: but he's talking to
SPEAKER_L: I'm so glad this is my fifth try. Only two times people have shown up. So it's really I'm so glad you were there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right? That's why I was just like, oh I don't even know if the person will show up and it's like, well I can work and I mean
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: terrifying.
SPEAKER_L: many times have you tried to do this or have you done it?
SPEAKER_R: Um I have tried to do it um like like you said like five times. Um but I've only been connected like two times.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, I think we're like exact same in different parts of the country. Have I have I have a wonderful day
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: it was really a pleasure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, same like