what's up?
Hi, I'm Kristen.
Good
time.
I'm
actually, I'm actually at work right now. I um edit college student essays and it's just like um someone like I like I was supposed to finish at 10, so I'm like, oh yeah, I'll do it at 10. And then someone like, can you do one more? And I'm like, sure, Yeah, why not? It won't be too long, right? And they were like, oh no, and it's like twice the length they said it would be, so I'm like, okay, great, that's that's great.
Yes, I'm in new york. What about you?
okay, cool. So yeah, I
think I actually it was funny because before all this covid thing, I was actually going to take a trip to boston because I haven't been there for like five years. And then obviously yeah, that didn't pan out.
I mean it's like I just I don't like wearing masks. Like I mean obviously like you have to I here down south like no one is wearing masks. Like someone I talk to you during this yesterday told me that down in Tennessee like they just go to school and nothing's changed, nothing's different. But
like yeah I just I hate wearing mask like to go around to like museums and everything and then after wearing mask all the time I'm like it won't be fun.
I'm an english tutor. Um So it's mostly online but I also work as a substitute teacher at a local high school.
Yeah. Yeah. Where the students are actually really good about wearing their masks because we're back to in person learning. Um We have four groups A. Through D. Um A. Is like half the alphabet. So like A. Through K. And then like um Then it's like group B. Is like L. Through Z. And so like on monday, group A first half comes in and then group B comes in on Tuesday. And then Wednesday they just have total remote learning. And then on thursday there's like the other half of the alphabet comes in that split up again. So there's two groups that, so there's like four groups total, so you only see them like once a week. So the rest of it's all online. So like, it's nice that way. But then like, there are some kids that like have problems learning from home or like for like parents or they don't get internet or stuff like that. So then they're in like, uh, every day, four days a week. And then there are some people that are just totally remote because it's like whatever they got this.
No.
Yeah. So you have kids?
Oh yeah. That's like, I mean like I'm supposed to like enforced, like if kids are, you know, on their cell phones, you know, like put that down, we're learning now. But like I just, I can't bring myself to do it because you don't know their home situation. You know what I mean? Like they could be um like maybe like they have like a younger sister at home and they're just like, oh yeah, like mom and dad are away at work or something. And it's like text me like if something comes up and so they're like literally like playing babysitter while they're at school. Like
huh
Bar
Yeah. Like I can't imagine like people who are like doctors and nurses that have like young kids right now or even like grocery store workers that have kids right now, like I just,
I
feel
so
bad
because it's like going out and risking your life every day and then like coming back and you've got kids and like, am I going to get them sick? Like uh like it's just, it's so terrible.
I've long since graduated.
it's funny because I've been everywhere in new york. Um I was born and raised on Long Island and then I went to um Rochester new york for school and then um I uh met my husband there and uh he's in the navy, so we were he was stationed down to south Carolina for a bit and were stationed up in Albany.
Yeah, yeah, we're here for like the next, I think we have two more years after this and then he can choose to stay on or um go somewhere else. But like honestly like there's actually like positions open actually like in England that like we're like really like, oh I want to move to europe because we took our honeymoon in Italy and we traveled
all over Italy and it was beautiful. I like I love europe, I'm like I definitely want to move there. But uh yeah, now with this covid thing that sort of puts a damper on all of our, all of our plans because they were building up the naval program. So there was a chance that he could like segue over to their operations in England.
But now with how everything's been run over there, it's like, don't, you know, don't yeah,
don't
start working again
her.
there.
we definitely want to. But yeah, you're totally like right like that they will like support the housing and everything. But it's just like their operations in what he's doing because he he deals with a very specific field of nuclear submarines and so lots of covid they put like the whole program on standby.
That's why it's like is it still even happening? And it's like probably not like there that's going to be that can is going to be kicked for like a decade down the road. So
then
I want to just like sit here, you know, twiddling our thumbs like oh yeah we're waiting for that program to open up or do we want to like because there's other things like even at west like California in Seattle and things and it's like maybe instead of, you know moving to europe, maybe we want to move to Seattle. Maybe we'll go to Seattle for, you know, five years and then you know. So yeah, so my life is always up in the air. That's why I really like working just like online as much as I can because that way at least I know like I'll be working no matter where I go.
Well
We're
See I'm upstate. So like I, one thing about me is I always walk like I got my Fitbit like I always get like I usually walk like five miles a day. And so when that happened I was like a caged tiger. Like I just like I stayed in my apartment, I didn't go out and it was just like it was awful for me. But then once I like finally I was like I'm sick of this, I need to go for a walk. And like there were people like walking their dogs, like everyone's wearing masks but like it seemed like pretty business as usual. Like I'm more north of Albany like in Saratoga Springs, which is a really nice area and like people just go about their day. There's no one really like sick here. Like there's not like a whole like, oh gosh, you're gonna catch it sort of thing. Like I know like in like I saw pictures like in new york city that it's just like everyone was just like locked in their homes. Like my friend who lives there was telling me that it's like, oh yeah, like you can look at on the streets, I completely deserted. But like here it's like people are still like going to the grocery stores. There's no like fights breaking out at trader joe's or anything like that. Like everything is like normal. Like what about like where you are like by Chicago like is it just like business as usual or?
What?
Well.
Oh no, I cannot
drink anything cold like I cannot.
No.
that's good though. So I love tea. But it's funny because I can drink like scorching hot tea and it's so funny like this is probably like the worst thing to tell a stranger, but like I'm a huge gulp er like when I drink like from like if I have a full water bottle and I'm really thirsty, I'll just gulp that whole thing down in one go. I'll just be like, look, look, look look because it just sits there and watches just glug it to the whole thing's down. He's like, if there was ever like a drinking contest, like hot dog eating contest, like you should be in it because you would just, you'd be able to like, oh yeah water bottle, like she just drink that in like 14 seconds. Like don't
Oh um we're both liberal so we're not happy with what's going on just at all. Like he is uh there isn't like since he's in the nuclear power sector, there hasn't really been a lot like focused on nuclear power. I know like I supported like warren when she was running and like a lot of things that she said my husband was like, no, she wants to shut down nuclear power, she cannot
get elected. But like yeah, we both, we already voted absentee. Um where were thrown are behind biden because at this point it's just a matter of getting trump out of office because
Well,
but
Well
Yeah, that's really true.
Like I'm just
worried that I'm stays in office like with health care, like vitamins raising taxes, but it's just like, that's like almost pales in comparison to like what if healthcare suddenly disappears because like I have like pre existing conditions, I'm pretty sure like pretty much everyone does. It's like, oh yeah, so you might not be able to get insurance anymore, like Great.
No.
And
he
was pulled out of the World Health Organization. Like we're in the middle of a pandemic, like you didn't like, he just uh and just the way he like, I don't even follow him on twitter, but she's like seeing the things that he writes in the news, it's like he's becoming like deeply unhinged like
and
you are a liar, like
he just lies about everything and it's like who would support this? Like it's embarrassing like
We're like, it's like, like live with like your, you know with the silly uncle at like, you know, parties and stuff and like oh christmas dinner and things like that, it's like whatever we just put up with it, you know, for a little bit when it's
like you wouldn't give him like control, like you wouldn't make him your health care proxy, like you'd be like,
I don't trust him with that and it's like now imagine that guy is the president
of the
I live in and shapes the laws and it's like no.
Oh yeah, completely like because I feel like he's going to be like there's so much stuff that he's done now, it's like, I'm pretty sure like he's gonna end up in jail for something if now with his shady organisations or the stuff that he's done is present. Like there's something that like literally he's done like that, he's gonna
like,
how
you see there isn't because all of the crazy people who would go off and do something like that, or all the people who support him, so,
right, because he doesn't like support anything, which is
whatever he support himself.
Like that's why I let it when he got Covid, I was like, it's happening, our prayers are answered, like it's finally happening and it's like, oh no, he's fine. And it's like uh
Because I mean because here's the thing, if he dies, then he becomes a martyr and then it's like if he lives, then he's like, oh, see I told you, Covid was nothing to worry about. Just like the flu. I beat it and it's like, you can't win. Like you literally cannot win.
I'm sorry to hear that. Like I'm
just like, hopefully get like the flu once a year, but like knock on, like that's it for me. Like I know when this whole thing started like back in december, I got like the worst. Like I was so sick and like, but then I would and no one thought it was Covid because Covid in december was all in china, like it wasn't
here.
Yeah, of course. So it's like, I might have gone it, but I've never gotten tested because I don't, I work from home rule. I don't really go anywhere. So
yeah. Yeah. Like ever, like if you don't feel well for like one day, like stay home. Like so far, we haven't had any, like if there have been any like, covid scares that if someone's been diagnosed with Covid, they haven't told us. So.
Yeah, that's like means like absent for the day. They're just like they're
just absent like because I know some school districts, it's like, oh hey, um
this person like this teacher got Covid or
something
or
this janitor actually heard got covid, so they like close the whole school for like two weeks. It's back to remember uh have another essay. Mhm.
that's
great.
but he's talking to
Yeah. Right? That's why I was just like, oh I don't even know if the person will show up and it's like, well I can work and I mean
terrifying.
Um I have tried to do it um like like you said like five times. Um but I've only been connected like two times.
Thank
you.
Yeah, same like