Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mhm. And Uh huh. Right. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. That's right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No, No. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Remember. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. With a couple. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm mm. Okay. Maybe. Mm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm mm hmm mm mm. Okay, mm hmm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Just Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay Washington. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. And mm hmm, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Come on. Mhm. Mhm mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Thank you. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Uh huh mm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Right. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Uh huh mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Movie. Mhm. Right sort of Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Anderson. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Because, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm States. Mhm. Mhm. What? Mhm. Uh huh, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm mm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm, mm hmm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh, mm hmm, mm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, I think. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Do you think? Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Hi, I'm
Bonnie. Who are you?
Hi Kristen. Nice to meet you. You might hear some banging. That roof is replacing my roof. So I'm in a kind of low, the wife, I had the head, sorry, I'm very tired
headache
in another part of the house. So I had to move over here. The
word.
Are you on the East Coast?
I'm just right outside of Chicago. I'm originally from the East Coast. I'm from boston.
Sweet.
Well you can still go for me. It's a problem but for you it's easy.
What?
So are you a college professor if you're editing study as essays or what do you do?
That's going to be interesting that this that's a funky age.
I would not want to have a teenager home all the time, especially
in spring. I told myself I would have killed my daughter. I think it would have been an ugly situation.
I have one daughter. She is turning 24. And one of the things that I have been really grateful for during this whole period is that she's not really young so that it would have been really not healthy for anybody. I mean really not healthy for anybody. So I don't know how kids did it, especially teenagers who really want autonomy and you want to be shut off from your parents. And then especially if you don't have a large space, it doesn't but I think it doesn't even matter what size the spaces at that age, it's an emotional space you need. You know, it just doesn't it just doesn't happen. You know if you're in the same place with your parents and little kids need a lot of input, which is the exact opposite. You know, I mean you teaching, you know, little kids need a lot of input then for the parents don't get really get the space that they need. And I think the teenagers are on the flip end where they'll never get the space they need because they're emotional spaces so, you know, it keeps expanding. Mhm.
That's hard. That's really hard that the situation has been hard because for us it's been it was pretty easy because my daughter was gone and we by I think it was early july, I took off for England because we have a second home there. So I was gone most of the summer and I came home for a few weeks and took off back to England and now we're trying to decide what to do. So for us it was pretty easy, you know, and we were we knew it and it was fun because we used to travel a part of the year for work and for other things. So first it was very simple um and we enjoyed it because we hadn't been home for so long and it was it was great. But other than that it was I but I could see what was going on with other families and it was, you know, there were times to help people really crack. Yeah.
Well it's hard, it's hard, no matter what I think you can, for example, my husband has people who work for him. Well they don't couldn't get childcare, they couldn't have child care. So they would be working much longer days because they had to do things with their toddlers, for example,
so to be a parent who's working from home and not having child care is very tough,
who's
gonna
take
care
of.
But new york is it was a different place to, I think you guys you had an on spot, it was a very, very different place for the rest of us. It was never that, I mean, Chicago sort of has a constant, yeah, I think weird shit show it sort of constant and not great, but it was never but new york has, I think emotionally, I mean I actually have a friend who had been friends since I was very young and I actually tell him when I can't talk to you because he would get so emotional and sort of lose his temper and I understood he felt so under stress, but I didn't want to be yelled at all the time if I said, I wonder, I was trying to say, I don't like wearing a mask. The rest of the sense was going to be, but I understand the need. As soon as I said, you know, I don't, I don't like wearing a mask, literally, he jumped in there, started yelling at me will you don't understand. I'm in the epicenter and I'm like, it didn't even let me finish dude. So it had reached a point where like somebody else's stressed, I couldn't deal with it anymore. And I understand you know that this person was you know, I guess he lived down the street from the hospital in queens where or Brooklyn or everybody was going one of the big centres. So anyway, so where did you go to school? Right.
Did you go in the east toward everything from there?
Oh well. So you're a navy wife? That's interesting. How is that? You have to shift every few years, don't you?
Hi.
Super.
I
think it sounds
worse there than it actually is when
my husband made up a week ago. He said you know the way we hear it here is you know how is and I said well you should hear how we hear about you
know America. I said so same thing, same, same, it's fine. You know you just putting my ass. I I always wash my hands when I walked in the house. So there are a lot of things that you do now that I always did because we did travel so much that it was a necessity otherwise you were sick all the time. So it was didn't doesn't really except for the mask. Nothing feels that different stuff. I can't do a lot of things I wanted to do. But I would go to europe even now if you if you can get over there you know for a position I why stay domestic if you've got the chance of having somebody pay your housing and you know where.
Got it.
I
got.
Yeah. I know, I understand. Absolutely. And you can do it when you want, which I really
like, I actually do, I didn't do it until I used to be a video producer and I'm also still professor, I'm still a professional photographer. But when my daughter was in university, she was going in Northern England and I kind of felt like I wanted to do something to because I just I wanted to contribute to make things a little easier for her instead of always. I mean when you're married, both your money, but it just felt like I wasn't contribute as much as I wanted to. So
I started doing stuff online and then I would just hand her the money, you know, into her account. And so that was like a really good motivation for me. So you're teaching your husband's in the Navy and you're from around new york. So do people feel kind of shut in in new york still?
pretty much except for what I call, I don't clean up my language freaking trader joe's, which I will not, it's the only place where actually still sometimes you have to stand in line and you know, I don't know if they do that there, but they don't let you, you have to stand back while they bring things up. Do they do that there? And
I'm like, you know what, I actually, you've got the plastic, I don't say anything, but this is, I think I've gone three times because after I, after I saw they'd be like, could you please stand back? And it's like I'm wearing a mask, you're behind plastic, you're wearing a mask. I'd like to see you bring up my groceries. And so I just, I was there actually last week and I was like, you know, trader joe's never fails to annoy anymore
so I can pretty much avoided. I used to go a lot and now three times since March, you know, I just don't have the patience for that kind of silliness at that point. Um things are fair, I'd say pretty normal though, I think the numbers are rising and so they're talking about walking it back a little bit. So I'm thinking I better make a hair appointment, better get to the dentist, who knows? Who knows? I mean, ideally they do what they do in England keep most businesses open, you know, they say things like don't visit people don't, you know, they're starting to say we would like it if you would not, you know, they like to not shut businesses and and not just not a good way of dealing anymore anyway. Oh good. I'm gonna take a coffee so I can do, I'm a cold beverage in the morning kind of gal. What about you?
Breath
Really? This is
ice coffee since they
so I have a question if your husband's in the navy, how does he feel about and how do you feel about what like the elections of what's going on now?
You,
we feel we're pretty liberal to it. My my husband actually did some work with the military but we're pretty liberal also. And I did talk to my friend yesterday who was the staunchest republican. I know and he absolutely and I said he said I voted and I was quiet and I said what did you do? And he said, I never thought I'd say this. He said I voted democrat and he said something I thought was kind of beautiful the way he put it, he said, I think we need to show the world in America that this is not who we are. And I thought that was a lovely way to say that and that and that to me it felt more patriotic than anything. It was not about partisanship, it was about how we want to be as people.
And he said when I saw, he said, I really didn't, he said I was gonna vote because he's not a big biden fan either. And he said, when I saw him use that was the Air Force one or whatever to you know, for on prime time to rip off his mask in front of the world and used the spotlight, He said to me that was the final straw. He said, everything bothered me. He said,
well they said this is not who we are as people and I thought that was beautiful. So I thought I'd be standing behind, you know, So I don't know, I would prefer the next person and I say this is a very much of a peace loving person.
I think the next month we've talked about this at home now, it wouldn't be bad as the next person who served had served in the military because they would understand what it's like to put other people first. So,
so that's some of the things we've, you know, we've talked about in the house about what we would like to see him out. I am confined raising taxes, but we would like to see change and really good. It's
embarrassment.
We always did have that before. Um, but there's always a lot of alternatives. I the health care thing is very interesting. I don't think Um, Obamacare was perfect by any means, I wish it was better. It was just but I got to water down so I don't know I do know that my health insurance premiums when Obamacare came in went from literally doubled up to over $4,000 a month. I had to ditch my health care and go to something lesser that that was upsetting. But you know there are pros and cons and on the other hand a lot of other people got health care and no you shouldn't be knocked out for pre existing because the the insurance companies make a lot of profit. Um You know they're betting that you don't get sick when they charge these premiums. So it's interesting but you know I just want peace, quiet and peace and we laughed at like when we brought people will say oh trump so funny. It's like no he's not funny.
You know this isn't funny, what's going on is just horrible. So what
I mean
by
oh no, not
be kind.
It's
you know, sometimes I do flip on his twitter things, I'm just like I send them to friends, I'm like, oh guess what the news of the day is today, Like this is, it's like, it's like somebody, he's like, you're, I think of it as like the uncle at the table at the family table and you always kind of were embarrassed, you think, oh God is uncle so and so like his uncle Donald's going to be there and then now he's your president, he's the embarrassing uncle out of control who got power. That's how I think of him. You're drunk, embarrassing uncle isn't it? Like he's the one that you would be like, oh and it would be kind of funny because at the end of the party you'd be gone, but now you see he stayed too long party maybe that's
Now,
you know what,
that's
what I'm saying,
that's what I said, everybody here for crazy uncle at thanksgiving dinner. But now he's running the show, oh my God, that I'm seeing pieces of my roof fall behind you and I'm like, I thank God you were supposed to put something down. I think that was my contract. It's kind of crazy. Um But anyway, Yeah, well hopefully, you know, and hopefully he goes peaceful, you know, because, and hopefully he doesn't win because he's not losing humans. I I think he'll be back in four years. I think he'll be running again, don't you?
He's
gotten away a lot. So I don't know. I thought someone was going to take him out. I thought like when he started, I thought there was going to be an assassination when
he first moved
point that's a very good point. I I don't see him as much of a military supporter. I don't see him as an american as him as anything that my crazy uncle at the table
himself
I think about mani a must wake up every morning and think please let him have a heart attack and I get the life insurance today.
no you knew. Oh no I actually thought he faked it first. Actually did I was in England and people are like do you think he really and I'm like oh you know it could be a good P. R. Move you know trump trump said he'll beat this sucker virtual he has the best health best health care in the world you know so oh my God they really are dropping stuff all over the place. Um He's got the best health care in the world and you know, I just, I just knew this was, this wasn't gonna end well for any of us.
I did have covid it really, for me it wasn't a big deal. Um, but I had it very early on, they just took him a while to figure what was, I had this bizarre cough for like 66 to 8 weeks and this is before I, we knew something was going on and then I was in Bangkok in Sri Lanka and I was traveling and I just didn't understand. No, nobody really knew what it was for a long time. So they kind of diagnosed it in retro retrograde and it just kept going. I kept having words, but I was so used to being sick all the time for being overseas that it's sort of like I got sick but it doesn't mean it isn't very serious for other people. You know, every very different and if you have preexisting conditions it's always it's another it's all another story at that point. And for me it was like I've never been so healthy as since Covid became a thing and people stayed home because now I'm not catching everybody's everything on the plane or in the airport. So as much as I hate wearing masks, it's been really nice not to be sick all the time. We were both sick a lot.
I'm glad.
And
what's not true though it was here
and the kids are mostly healthy aren't they? They come into school.
That sounds nice.
No.
Three. Anyway,
what
do you want
to?
Yeah. Well I think we did our 25 minutes or we have another.
It's
what? Thank you if you but it's been a pleasure. It's been a
I'm so glad this is my fifth try. Only two times people have shown up. So it's really I'm so glad you were there.
How
many times have you tried to do this or have you done it?
All right. Well, I think we're like exact same in different parts of the country. Have I have I have a wonderful day
and
it was really a pleasure.