SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: how you doing?
SPEAKER_R: hey, I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good to how you doing that? My name man Scott. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Hi scott my name's chai
SPEAKER_L: that's nice listening.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, um Yeah, where are you calling from?
SPEAKER_L: Um In New Jersey.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, nice. I'm in Pittsburgh, but I'm from uh New york city originally.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm closer to the Jersey coast. Like they're they're in Ocean County there
SPEAKER_R: Okay, nice. I haven't been around New Jersey much, but I've heard that it's like really lovely when you aren't at the bit that's right next to new york, so yeah, always wanted to travel around there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's yeah it's nice. It's just like I said it's very densely populated.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, got it. Yeah, well, I'm used to meet well in in new york in Pittsburgh, so densely populated is what I'm used to. Okay, unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no I know. Yeah exactly. City I mean I mean where New Jersey is, it's pretty much like it's definitely you know even the biggest city is nothing like a big big city. But like I said everywhere you go there's people I mean only like certain certain counties is our like somewhat somewhat rural but for most part it's pretty populated.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that must be kind of rough with Kofi, just densely populated places all over.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm pretty lucky when Covid first hit, I was actually living in a fairly rural part of Connecticut, so there weren't many people around anyway, so I could just like go around in the forests and just kind of like without a mask and just kind of hang out there, but now back in Pittsburgh and it's a different story.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Absolutely. I can imagine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I miss it up there is lovely.
SPEAKER_L: I guess
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: were
SPEAKER_L: least you got
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: football
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um yeah, so I guess just a little about me, I guess I'm
SPEAKER_L: Patrick.
SPEAKER_R: so I'm a student right now, I'm in my first semester of grad school, um so I'm adjusting to that and online classes, which is very bad, I do not recommend on my class.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. It's definitely it's not the same experience as being in class stuffing.
SPEAKER_R: no, it really isn't, it's pretty horrible. Um it's so hard to focus. Um and yeah, so I'm in Pittsburgh and I just moved back here from Connecticut, but I was in this area for undergrad too, so I'm pretty familiar with the area um
SPEAKER_L: Yes
SPEAKER_R: and just kind of mostly being inside
SPEAKER_L: it is.
SPEAKER_R: um and trying to do my classes and stuff. That's
SPEAKER_L: I understand that. I mean you could do everybody's just doing what they can do right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. Are you from New Jersey?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been here my whole life. Yeah, I've been here for my whole life pretty much. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Have you lived anywhere else, or just
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: New Jersey?
SPEAKER_L: just just New Jersey my whole life pretty much. Mm
SPEAKER_R: got it, Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: pretty much. Yeah, pretty cool. I'm right now, the same thing with me. Like I said that everything is the way it is right now, I'm in between jobs because it's just there's like I said, you just, you know, I just know what to do right now because it's just, you know, you could go out there and you have a job for like a month and they're like okay, you're laid off.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, I'm so sorry. I feel really fortunate because I like I get a stipend through my program so I have like that. It's not a lot, but like I have that guaranteed. And I can't imagine like being in the job market right now and then also just I think generally I think the federal government did such a bad job, making sure that people had like a safety net, but also that people had enough like time off and forcing companies like give appropriate time off and sick leave. It's just like so horrible. And I can't imagine being a part of like the workforce and also looking for work right now. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's why I'm not even attempting right now because I'm just like, it's like, like I was saying before, I mean you could do it for like a month and you get laid off. You know the place is closed because you literally can't work. I mean, it's like, it's just, it's not worth even attempting right now and
SPEAKER_R: so wild. I'm really sorry my heart goes out for you man. It's
SPEAKER_L: no, it's yeah, I know it's rough, but I mean, and like you said before with the stimulus, I mean they've been talking about this since july,
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yeah. It's ridiculous. So
SPEAKER_L: I mean this
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: Just that like one check and I'm like that doesn't cover rent for a lot of people for one month. Like
SPEAKER_L: no, I'm not at all.
SPEAKER_R: I don't understand and it somehow makes it worse that they even acknowledge that people need a stimulus check just giving that amount is just like so ridiculous. Like if you're gonna do it, do it like do it right? Um Yeah. So I don't know. I hope that it's making people think a lot about like the role of government and how government feels and like what it means to be a worker in America. Um So I mean like I think that I can see some silver linings coming out of the situation and hopefully society just like learned a big lesson about how value they are by like corporate America. Yeah. I hope I'd love to see more unionization or something come out of this or something, you know like.
SPEAKER_L: The problem is though, from foreseen from, from this, like I said from the, you know, elections, it just seems like the country is even more split after elections as it seems like, I mean
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I know. I don't see I don't really see much of an end in sight. I don't know,
SPEAKER_L: Exactly, that's
SPEAKER_R: things are gonna look
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: why I like really, I mean, even now, even though we haven't elected to technically an elected president, I mean, it's still not official yet.
SPEAKER_R: It's still yeah. So wild. Not sure. It's definitely been a very it's been a pretty spicy year uh to
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: say the least.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, absolutely, that's no,
SPEAKER_R: and on him.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah I do think it's once again just silver linings. I think that people are like thinking more about like government and how we structured society. Um And I think that it's also been kind of amazing. I think that like a lot of the Like social movement stuff that happened over the summer could only happen because people weren't in like 9-5 jobs too. Um And also have more time to just sit and like think about stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: I think that there's like that a lot of like social power can come out of like people not having to work all the time and also being able being forced to be more critical of how things are set up. So
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: course.
SPEAKER_R: that's been an interesting thing to see. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: of course it's 2020 for a reason. 2020 is in 2020 visions. He clearly 20, Congratulations. Exactly
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully
SPEAKER_L: makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: it's not 22 hindsight's 2020. Hopefully not that 2020 vision from the get go. Yeah. But I guess like I don't know a lot of people haven't known what to do with their time, but have you found any way to pass the time? Do you have any hobbies or anything?
SPEAKER_L: Uh you know, mostly movies and stuff like that, which doesn't really helpful if you're around your house and stuff like that because, you know, obviously, but like I said, sadly because of what's going on and it's really not safe to go anywhere, stuff like parks and like, you know, places like that because you're going inside, you know, businesses and stuff like that during the summer, it was moderately safe, but I mean, I mean now it's getting, you know, the
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: whole
SPEAKER_R: getting
SPEAKER_L: problem
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: 150,000 cases a day. I mean it's like you can go to church and you're like looking over at the person like uh
SPEAKER_R: You're just like
SPEAKER_L: yeah, back there.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I think it's also so wild because it's like the media is focusing so heavily on the election. So it just felt like the election happened and there is a break in covering Covid and then like a return and you're like oh my God, when did this happen? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is it
SPEAKER_R: So like
SPEAKER_L: is to change your weather? I mean like I said, we're, I mean come the end of january, we're gonna have serious lockdowns most likely that's what's going to happen to find, I think hardcore, but uh,
SPEAKER_R: I think so.
SPEAKER_L: but it's just like I said, I mean he's going to want to keep the country open, but he wants to really tackle, he's got no choice down a total lockdown, it's
SPEAKER_R: No, no
SPEAKER_L: inevitable. It's going to be a least of Minimum 2, 3 weeks minimum. Okay. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. How long do you think things will go on like this for? Do you have any estimation?
SPEAKER_L: I think the key is going to be the vaccinations. Honestly, that's the key because if everybody's going home about the vaccinations, I'd say by the end of the summer, if they're going to start it. But if the vaccinations, like people are hesitant or they just don't get a distributor that it's going to be not until 2022 for sure,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because I think that's something helpful is I read towards the beginning of the pandemic, I was reading something online because people are talking about when things might be done and someone was like listen like pandemics aren't a matter of months there a matter of years like I'm like oh it's so true. Yeah. But I guess I'm worried because also like people are getting reinfected and stuff so I don't know like how frequently vaccinations that have to happen, how frequently they have to be distributed. I'm not like I'm just
SPEAKER_L: Well the biggest thing I want to know is not so much like I don't like how to treat it is what I want to know is like it was actually a man made virus or is it legitimately nature made? That's what I would like to know you know because anything I would like to know who created it, how it's created you know what they know about and stuff like that but if it's made by nature you know it is what it is you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's already some kind of wild stuff about like have you heard about all the mink and I think yeah
SPEAKER_L: which was looks like that
SPEAKER_R: have you heard that that like that got transmitted by Siegel's? Which is crazy because it's like just already like in nature like mutating like crazy so Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no I know it's it's that that type of stuff like I said because that's just you know obviously it's like I said you know you find out it's man made it's like what's gonna happen in future 10 years and I can make another virus or whatever. I was like that but it was you know it's just nature
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: made I mean you know you know there's a scene
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: what are your thoughts about it? I haven't really like spoken to anyone who's like thought that it could be man made. I'm just curious about like
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: hard to say because like, I mean, I think like I said, obviously trump probably obviously believes it was, but you know, that's that's trump. But but but I mean I think it's probably split to be honest, because I think, you know, some people are like, you know, like have this come out of nowhere why they hiding so much? Why is trying to hide so much and stuff like that? But then let's send them to it's like, you know, if if like I said, if it was, you know, if it was, you know, man made them feel like that there be more evidence towards it, which, you know right now, like I said, it seems like there's like virtually there really isn't very much evidence is more speculation, but, you know, I guess, you know, that's that's why it's like you just don't know, everybody is like, you know, split at that. I think under on their opinion of it. That's just my opinion. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What do you think the motivations for being man made would be with the assumption that china made
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: it's interesting because I mean before honestly I was thinking like some biologics, you know, like biological weapon. Because you know obviously if you can get a creative vaccine and stuff like that, then you have a weapon that you know you you know the cure for people don't and then you can weaken a country and you know, just I guess you could say like, you know, you know, you could kind of like, you know, manage the war veteran stuff like that. But but you know, obviously, you know, I I saw another um like a newsletter or something like that about a guy who did a research project hurry a research study for um somebody
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: like funded a project to uh to send it out buddy Cody. Um I think you're off right now because it just shows a picture,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh ability. I think you're like pictures has been a little flippy so maybe the connection is a little bit but
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: no problem. We'll see
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: right, because right now in the high season I just he says headphones and it doesn't show a picture of you, I don't know what happened here.
SPEAKER_R: Okay let me just get my um my connection. All right, but I can see you so and here you so be talking.
SPEAKER_L: area I just can't see you right now, that's not my car. Yeah, I just see headphones and it just shows like a shadow over a picture. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Remember. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: and there, yeah, because I was like what,
SPEAKER_R: what's going on, huh? Against?
SPEAKER_L: just now it's just pure audio, but I'm not sure what's going on
SPEAKER_R: Okay, let me try switching to different um
SPEAKER_L: because I don't know who is in a tablet, I'm using an ipad. But I don't think that make a difference though, because it's just through uh the uh what you call them conversation link.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been able to see me before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I showed you before, but then it is a whoa, because right now I just see a silhouette of a person in the background and then I see oh the right
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: uh right hand corner I just the audio and everyone, so whenever you talk there's like a glowing light that pops up. That's it.
SPEAKER_R: weird.
SPEAKER_L: That's all
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So I'm just trying to switch over my um connection to different wifi network to see if that will help at all
SPEAKER_L: right. Yeah. I don't know what's going on
SPEAKER_R: that any difference.
SPEAKER_L: there. You are, you're right there, yep.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Great. So let me know if it happens again and I can just keep switching.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because I was just like yeah yeah I know. It was just like what?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sorry about that.
SPEAKER_L: No no it's okay. It's like it's fine. I mean the researchers are like very good care of more than we do and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean and I'm sorry, did you finish your thought?
SPEAKER_L: oh no I was just going to say because I signed up for a newsletter for like this for a novelist and what they were saying is the one guy he received a research study from Rutgers
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: were critical and I think it was like a long researching. But I said that Anthony Fauci hopefully supposedly funded a
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: research project over in Wuhan china. That what you call it um was uh supposedly taken back coronavirus and like altering it to to increase uh what you call it resistance to like future disease and stuff like that supposedly that that's what happened. That's true. I'd like it's made me but so I mean I mean it's basically basically it's just a you know make um I guess our immunities or like you know make a stronger defense against future infections and stuff like that. But that happened and that really happened And like I said to somehow leaked unlike that's man made. That's
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I don't know. So like I haven't really looked it's a something that I haven't really like looked into very much the idea of being man made. I think that generally the I've been working under the assumption that it's biological, like just like a natural occurrence. Think
SPEAKER_L: course.
SPEAKER_R: that it also, I feel like, and you know, this is speaking more to like the social aspect in my opinion. I think that like when things like this happened, so I feel like it's a very natural inclination to try to find reasons and justifications and explanations that are outside of something natural because it's like the idea that something can just happen in life that's so destructive. Like I think the idea of having that as a possibility as a poets, like much more comforting to think that there's like a group of people who can enact that instead of it just being something that happens in life like the devastation just that being something that could happen anytime. It's like so
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: emotionally overwhelming. I think that like it's a lens worth looking through like conspiracy type things through, but I also don't trust the government. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: you can, I think that's a bad place to start. Just like, I know some people, he just had like operate on like a base level of like trust of the government and I'm like, that's not a good way to go. But
SPEAKER_L: The job literally literally to lie that's literally there. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But like I personally don't see how, like, just because it's a worldwide pandemic, I feel like it's difficult to see what, how like one country could benefit more from the other. And also I think it's crazy to see. I think like no one could have anticipated America's response that like it would have hit America so hard because I think that most people would have assumed people would have just worn masks. So I think that it's also a kind of America is a bit of like a wild card in terms of any like plotting that could have happened. But I just think that like if it had been more localized, I think I could see it would be more understandable for it to have been like one country essentially enacting biological warfare, but I think because it's been so like universally devastating.
SPEAKER_L: well the they though to be honest this like I said china like I said there like there are super
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: power. They're communists and like I said you know like I said they have they have the resources, they have the desire and like I said you know they have the manufacturing, they have all of these resources to like overtake like everything if they really really really put the resources to it. So that that's honestly the benefit. You know it was like said they're communists. The the the whole point of having communism is basically like you know like rule and like you know like take away control from everything. So I mean if that that's pretty much the uh you know I guess you could say it's like the uh you know you know I guess I don't know I put it in the car but you know that's
SPEAKER_R: I mean I think that, but like their economy was also completely shut down and like their, they had much more stringent controls over like population, like about like where people were going, I think that they locked down way harder. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So I think that like, I mean I think negative repercussions that came from, like they got negative repercussions from the disease and I think that like it would have been difficult for them to anticipate that America would have had such an incompetent response to it as well. So I feel like it wouldn't have necessarily just like been beneficial to china um I think it would have just kind of fucked everyone over for a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Oh yeah there should resign because like like and I mean the only thing you can say is maybe like I said their plan all along was like I said that they were making like a like a biological like a weapon or something like that but like I said they you know obviously they you know it got loose before they created a cure for it and stuff like that and they're making plans but they like fully create the cure and it just got released and obviously we're not prepared. That's a possibility you know something like that because you know obviously if you're messing around in the lab and you know against louis you know you have no control over that but you know if you have a contained situation you can play around with it for years upon years and get creative vaccine or things like you know and then you know just you know then you keep your hair so if you release it you don't really be prepared. But you know that's possibility. You know what I'm saying, possibility.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I also think that china is already like, I feel like there have been so many, I don't know, I think china is already kind of got in the bag in terms of like um like world in terms of like being the dominant, world power going forward. I think that they've already like there are like so many countries that America has like screwed over and like american like china has been very aggressive about like providing aid to a lot of third world countries and I think that there's already a lot of infrastructure like chinese infrastructure and positive like chinese relations around the globe. I just don't think that they would have needed something like this. I think that like give it like 2030 more years China has already kind of
SPEAKER_L: Well the only thing
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: to where
SPEAKER_L: means
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: to be.
SPEAKER_L: by china is like I said throughout their history is like you know during World War One, World War Two like they were the victims to Japan and they were like you know kind of like a I guess like closer to democracy back then and then they kind of switched switched throughout do and went from kind of Japan. Japan was because you know originally Japan was like you know like a almost like a communist but like almost like an empire and then you know they're like kind of like you know like okay you know I guess you know closer to the to democracy. So it's like kind of weird like you know they both switched roles, you know I mean that's kind of weird. That's why you really wonder about china is like you know true intentions. You just wonder,
SPEAKER_R: I think that it's also worthwhile to like look at America with a similarly critical, I just because recently I've been learning more about like American imperialism and the spread of like us empire especially over the course of like the late 1800s and all throughout the 1900s. Um so it's like recently I'm reading a book called overthrow which I highly recommend, it's all about the different foreign governments that America has toppled taken over. So I mean like I think that a lot of times the way that the media american media portrays America is like as a democracy and as like some morally righteous force that acts in the world. And I think that like especially learning more about american history like just for instance um like I was learning, I don't know are you interested in this at all? I don't want to just like go off.
SPEAKER_L: I guess I like sort of this is probably the year I've followed politics more than and ever anytime more than like before I ever did before. I mean I was always like a interested in history but more just like the general has you know like the Vikings conquering Dennis and anna and stuff like that. Not too much into like you know it's a political or like you know the political type of type of uh you know like that this stuff but I'm interested in like you know like that like the true history of like you know like you know indians getting conquered and stuff like that, that type of stuff like that. I'm more interested and I'm not so much into the political stuff but you know but
SPEAKER_R: but oh sorry. Uh
SPEAKER_L: no no it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: I do think it's like really interesting to learn more about like the history of american foreign policy because I think that it plays a lot into like political decisions now and also into like why we have certain world powers now as opposed to like not having them. And I think that just like America has like so many territories and like I think that America has been falsely portrayed as like not being an empire, but I think that there is an american empire like
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I think that it's just like interesting to look at, like I think it's worthwhile in the way that like people look at china also looking at America in a similar light and seeing what the intentions behind the spread of empire are. I don't know that much about chinese history but I know like for America it's like the spread of capitalism and I'm just like, oh that sounds pretty shit to like everything that sounds bad.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Well it's well hold the biggest problem is you take any country that wants more,
SPEAKER_R: Moment.
SPEAKER_L: they're going to lose part of their their democratic beliefs. You know there's the once, once you want more it's going to change your whole philosophy and everything that's better come down.
SPEAKER_R: So it's like, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Because I mean that's why the countries I think the countries that are right now the best are places like Australia new Zealand they pretty much stay, you know flush, they pretty much stay right where they are and now I mean they want to grow but it's more like just growing for just the sake of you know changing with the times and you know bettering their lives not so much like what we want to be, you know, like the best country in the world. You know, I mean like one big place like that. That's why those countries essentially I think are pretty much like they could succeed or fail like anywhere because like I said,
SPEAKER_R: goals
SPEAKER_L: they have, you know, no real. Uh, I guess you could say like, um,
SPEAKER_R: of empire.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no agenda, you know, I mean the agenda basically just like, you know, like basically live your lives and like, you know, I guess you can just say, you know, like, you know, we'll figure out later.
SPEAKER_R: I do think though just like something to throw in there. I think that like Australia for instance does have like capitalist ideations that are kind of spreading like just something I learned recently that there's actually been like a genocide going in going on on west um in west Papua and it's like because like an american mining company owns like the
SPEAKER_L: Another
SPEAKER_R: land and the people.
SPEAKER_L: country influenced. Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it could like 500,000 people. But like Australia is also um
SPEAKER_L: right.
SPEAKER_R: like implicated in all of that too. So Australia also has like its fingers and lots of pies very sneakily. So just throwing that out there,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: kind of two.
SPEAKER_L: no, I got you. I got
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: you. You just don't hear about Australia. That's, that's, that's why I was unaware of that because like I said, it's just, you know, I was
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: unaware.
SPEAKER_R: one knows about. Yeah, like no one knows about that genocide. My boyfriend just sent me something. I'm like holy mackerel like I did not know about that because like it's not covered by Western media so.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I understand that. Like I said, because yeah, because like I said, old department is like I said, like you, like you said, I mean it's it's so hidden because like I said, we're in the northern hemisphere. That's the southern hemisphere. It's like another little like a third world test because you know, it's just you don't hear much about those countries. It's just the way it is. No
SPEAKER_R: But I don't know globalization is fucked up my eye.
SPEAKER_L: or not. I mean there's always going to be, like I said, there's always gonna be countries like I said that just have totally different views. I mean there's, you know, just the way it is. I mean all the countries that like I said are just, you know, like, you know, like, you know, I guess you could say like are pretty much going to be their own like places are like, like really, really, really, really small countries or places like, like the little island countries. I think that they're pretty much in their own world.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: I mean they're pretty
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: much they're just going to follow and like I said, you know, but they're never going to like do their own thing. Except for cuBA that's an exception obviously, you know, cuBA back, I've ever exception. But you know, like the little places like, you know, you know those like Caribbean islands and stuff like that, just they're gonna do their own thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean also I think it's also tragic books. I feel like a lot of times like those countries that have been known for having an independent economy get wrapped up into like larger political affairs, especially through american influence, like forcing them to take out loans so that they have to become a part of like the global economy and then like decimating their like actual internal economy and forcing them to import and export everything and like I don't know, it's just like so fucked up. I don't know. But whatever capitalism.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I know. No, I know. It's interesting. It's what's going on. I know is that like I said, the problem is like I said, the biggest people are going to be the most influential. So like I said, other people, you know, it's pretty much, you know, you do your own thing and just kind of like fall behind or you follow
SPEAKER_R: Talking
SPEAKER_L: in the steps of the bigger powers. Just like just look at the you know the local stores compared to the corporate stores. I mean like I said you know most ministers went out of business because the big it's the same thing with countries, the exact same thing
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_L: I mean.
SPEAKER_R: system.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah exactly I mean you know just just the way it is you know just like you know even the currency it's just the way it is you know the U. S. Dollar you know it's always going to be huge, the british pound is gonna be huge and then a little you know it's the way it is but
SPEAKER_R: But then also like looking at history because it's like there's a reason why it is the way it is. It's not like natural, it's just like through all of these like horrific conflicts and all of these like suppressions of like often socialist governments like this is how those powers have gone to where they are.
SPEAKER_L: of course.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But well we've gone over our time unless you yeah, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: it's fine. That very good. I think we're good. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that's talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah me too.