Hi,
hey, I'm good, how are you?
Hi scott my name's chai
yeah, um Yeah, where are you calling from?
Okay, nice. I'm in Pittsburgh, but I'm from uh New york city originally.
Okay, nice. I haven't been around New Jersey much, but I've heard that it's like really lovely when you aren't at the bit that's right next to new york, so yeah, always wanted to travel around there. Yeah.
Okay, got it. Yeah, well, I'm used to meet well in in new york in Pittsburgh, so densely populated is what I'm used to. Okay, unfortunately.
wow, that must be kind of rough with Kofi, just densely populated places all over.
Yeah, I'm pretty lucky when Covid first hit, I was actually living in a fairly rural part of Connecticut, so there weren't many people around anyway, so I could just like go around in the forests and just kind of like without a mask and just kind of hang out there, but now back in Pittsburgh and it's a different story.
Yeah, I miss it up there is lovely.
You
were
on
Yeah. Um yeah, so I guess just a little about me, I guess I'm
so I'm a student right now, I'm in my first semester of grad school, um so I'm adjusting to that and online classes, which is very bad, I do not recommend on my class.
no, it really isn't, it's pretty horrible. Um it's so hard to focus. Um and yeah, so I'm in Pittsburgh and I just moved back here from Connecticut, but I was in this area for undergrad too, so I'm pretty familiar with the area um
and just kind of mostly being inside
um and trying to do my classes and stuff. That's
Yeah. Right. Are you from New Jersey?
Okay. Have you lived anywhere else, or just
New Jersey?
got it, Thanks.
Oh my God, I'm so sorry. I feel really fortunate because I like I get a stipend through my program so I have like that. It's not a lot, but like I have that guaranteed. And I can't imagine like being in the job market right now and then also just I think generally I think the federal government did such a bad job, making sure that people had like a safety net, but also that people had enough like time off and forcing companies like give appropriate time off and sick leave. It's just like so horrible. And I can't imagine being a part of like the workforce and also looking for work right now. So
so wild. I'm really sorry my heart goes out for you man. It's
Yes. Yeah. It's ridiculous. So
crazy.
Just that like one check and I'm like that doesn't cover rent for a lot of people for one month. Like
I don't understand and it somehow makes it worse that they even acknowledge that people need a stimulus check just giving that amount is just like so ridiculous. Like if you're gonna do it, do it like do it right? Um Yeah. So I don't know. I hope that it's making people think a lot about like the role of government and how government feels and like what it means to be a worker in America. Um So I mean like I think that I can see some silver linings coming out of the situation and hopefully society just like learned a big lesson about how value they are by like corporate America. Yeah. I hope I'd love to see more unionization or something come out of this or something, you know like.
Yeah. Yeah. I know. I don't see I don't really see much of an end in sight. I don't know,
things are gonna look
like.
It's still yeah. So wild. Not sure. It's definitely been a very it's been a pretty spicy year uh to
say the least.
and on him.
But yeah I do think it's once again just silver linings. I think that people are like thinking more about like government and how we structured society. Um And I think that it's also been kind of amazing. I think that like a lot of the Like social movement stuff that happened over the summer could only happen because people weren't in like 9-5 jobs too. Um And also have more time to just sit and like think about stuff.
I think that there's like that a lot of like social power can come out of like people not having to work all the time and also being able being forced to be more critical of how things are set up. So
I think
that's been an interesting thing to see. Um Yeah.
Hopefully
it's not 22 hindsight's 2020. Hopefully not that 2020 vision from the get go. Yeah. But I guess like I don't know a lot of people haven't known what to do with their time, but have you found any way to pass the time? Do you have any hobbies or anything?
It's
getting
crazy.
You're just like
yeah. I think it's also so wild because it's like the media is focusing so heavily on the election. So it just felt like the election happened and there is a break in covering Covid and then like a return and you're like oh my God, when did this happen? Yeah.
So like
I think so.
No, no
I don't know. How long do you think things will go on like this for? Do you have any estimation?
Yeah. Because I think that's something helpful is I read towards the beginning of the pandemic, I was reading something online because people are talking about when things might be done and someone was like listen like pandemics aren't a matter of months there a matter of years like I'm like oh it's so true. Yeah. But I guess I'm worried because also like people are getting reinfected and stuff so I don't know like how frequently vaccinations that have to happen, how frequently they have to be distributed. I'm not like I'm just
Yeah. It's already some kind of wild stuff about like have you heard about all the mink and I think yeah
have you heard that that like that got transmitted by Siegel's? Which is crazy because it's like just already like in nature like mutating like crazy so Yeah.
Well
What
what are your thoughts about it? I haven't really like spoken to anyone who's like thought that it could be man made. I'm just curious about like
what?
Yeah. What do you think the motivations for being man made would be with the assumption that china made
it?
Mhm.
Uh huh ability. I think you're like pictures has been a little flippy so maybe the connection is a little bit but
no problem. We'll see
you.
Okay let me just get my um my connection. All right, but I can see you so and here you so be talking.
Remember. Okay,
what's going on, huh? Against?
Okay, let me try switching to different um
Have you been able to see me before?
So
weird.
Okay. So I'm just trying to switch over my um connection to different wifi network to see if that will help at all
that any difference.
Yeah. Okay. Great. So let me know if it happens again and I can just keep switching.
Yeah. Sorry about that.
Yeah. I mean and I'm sorry, did you finish your thought?
They
Mhm.
I don't know. I don't know. So like I haven't really looked it's a something that I haven't really like looked into very much the idea of being man made. I think that generally the I've been working under the assumption that it's biological, like just like a natural occurrence. Think
that it also, I feel like, and you know, this is speaking more to like the social aspect in my opinion. I think that like when things like this happened, so I feel like it's a very natural inclination to try to find reasons and justifications and explanations that are outside of something natural because it's like the idea that something can just happen in life that's so destructive. Like I think the idea of having that as a possibility as a poets, like much more comforting to think that there's like a group of people who can enact that instead of it just being something that happens in life like the devastation just that being something that could happen anytime. It's like so
emotionally overwhelming. I think that like it's a lens worth looking through like conspiracy type things through, but I also don't trust the government. So yeah,
you can, I think that's a bad place to start. Just like, I know some people, he just had like operate on like a base level of like trust of the government and I'm like, that's not a good way to go. But
Yeah. But like I personally don't see how, like, just because it's a worldwide pandemic, I feel like it's difficult to see what, how like one country could benefit more from the other. And also I think it's crazy to see. I think like no one could have anticipated America's response that like it would have hit America so hard because I think that most people would have assumed people would have just worn masks. So I think that it's also a kind of America is a bit of like a wild card in terms of any like plotting that could have happened. But I just think that like if it had been more localized, I think I could see it would be more understandable for it to have been like one country essentially enacting biological warfare, but I think because it's been so like universally devastating.
All
I mean I think that, but like their economy was also completely shut down and like their, they had much more stringent controls over like population, like about like where people were going, I think that they locked down way harder. Um
So I think that like, I mean I think negative repercussions that came from, like they got negative repercussions from the disease and I think that like it would have been difficult for them to anticipate that America would have had such an incompetent response to it as well. So I feel like it wouldn't have necessarily just like been beneficial to china um I think it would have just kind of fucked everyone over for a little bit.
Yeah, I also think that china is already like, I feel like there have been so many, I don't know, I think china is already kind of got in the bag in terms of like um like world in terms of like being the dominant, world power going forward. I think that they've already like there are like so many countries that America has like screwed over and like american like china has been very aggressive about like providing aid to a lot of third world countries and I think that there's already a lot of infrastructure like chinese infrastructure and positive like chinese relations around the globe. I just don't think that they would have needed something like this. I think that like give it like 2030 more years China has already kind of
got
to where
they
want
to be.
I think that it's also worthwhile to like look at America with a similarly critical, I just because recently I've been learning more about like American imperialism and the spread of like us empire especially over the course of like the late 1800s and all throughout the 1900s. Um so it's like recently I'm reading a book called overthrow which I highly recommend, it's all about the different foreign governments that America has toppled taken over. So I mean like I think that a lot of times the way that the media american media portrays America is like as a democracy and as like some morally righteous force that acts in the world. And I think that like especially learning more about american history like just for instance um like I was learning, I don't know are you interested in this at all? I don't want to just like go off.
but oh sorry. Uh
I do think it's like really interesting to learn more about like the history of american foreign policy because I think that it plays a lot into like political decisions now and also into like why we have certain world powers now as opposed to like not having them. And I think that just like America has like so many territories and like I think that America has been falsely portrayed as like not being an empire, but I think that there is an american empire like
Yeah, so I think that it's just like interesting to look at, like I think it's worthwhile in the way that like people look at china also looking at America in a similar light and seeing what the intentions behind the spread of empire are. I don't know that much about chinese history but I know like for America it's like the spread of capitalism and I'm just like, oh that sounds pretty shit to like everything that sounds bad.
Moment.
So it's like, yeah.
goals
of empire.
I do think though just like something to throw in there. I think that like Australia for instance does have like capitalist ideations that are kind of spreading like just something I learned recently that there's actually been like a genocide going in going on on west um in west Papua and it's like because like an american mining company owns like the
land and the people.
Yeah and it could like 500,000 people. But like Australia is also um
like implicated in all of that too. So Australia also has like its fingers and lots of pies very sneakily. So just throwing that out there,
they're
kind of two.
But
no
one knows about. Yeah, like no one knows about that genocide. My boyfriend just sent me something. I'm like holy mackerel like I did not know about that because like it's not covered by Western media so.
But I don't know globalization is fucked up my eye.
You
know.
Yeah. I mean also I think it's also tragic books. I feel like a lot of times like those countries that have been known for having an independent economy get wrapped up into like larger political affairs, especially through american influence, like forcing them to take out loans so that they have to become a part of like the global economy and then like decimating their like actual internal economy and forcing them to import and export everything and like I don't know, it's just like so fucked up. I don't know. But whatever capitalism.
Talking
Yeah. Yeah. It's
system.
But then also like looking at history because it's like there's a reason why it is the way it is. It's not like natural, it's just like through all of these like horrific conflicts and all of these like suppressions of like often socialist governments like this is how those powers have gone to where they are.
Yeah. But well we've gone over our time unless you yeah, I don't know.
that's talking to you.