how you doing?
I'm doing good to how you doing that? My name man Scott. Yeah
that's nice listening.
Um In New Jersey.
Yeah I'm closer to the Jersey coast. Like they're they're in Ocean County there
It's yeah it's nice. It's just like I said it's very densely populated.
Oh no I know. Yeah exactly. City I mean I mean where New Jersey is, it's pretty much like it's definitely you know even the biggest city is nothing like a big big city. But like I said everywhere you go there's people I mean only like certain certain counties is our like somewhat somewhat rural but for most part it's pretty populated.
Oh yeah I know.
Oh yeah. Absolutely. I can imagine.
I guess
at
least you got
football
Patrick.
Oh yeah. It's definitely it's not the same experience as being in class stuffing.
Yes
it is.
I understand that. I mean you could do everybody's just doing what they can do right now.
Yeah, I've been here my whole life. Yeah, I've been here for my whole life pretty much. Yeah,
just
just just New Jersey my whole life pretty much. Mm
pretty much. Yeah, pretty cool. I'm right now, the same thing with me. Like I said that everything is the way it is right now, I'm in between jobs because it's just there's like I said, you just, you know, I just know what to do right now because it's just, you know, you could go out there and you have a job for like a month and they're like okay, you're laid off.
Oh yeah, that's why I'm not even attempting right now because I'm just like, it's like, like I was saying before, I mean you could do it for like a month and you get laid off. You know the place is closed because you literally can't work. I mean, it's like, it's just, it's not worth even attempting right now and
no, it's yeah, I know it's rough, but I mean, and like you said before with the stimulus, I mean they've been talking about this since july,
I mean this
is
no, I'm not at all.
The problem is though, from foreseen from, from this, like I said from the, you know, elections, it just seems like the country is even more split after elections as it seems like, I mean
Exactly, that's
that's
why I like really, I mean, even now, even though we haven't elected to technically an elected president, I mean, it's still not official yet.
All
Oh, absolutely, that's no,
I know. Exactly.
Of course.
Of
course.
of course it's 2020 for a reason. 2020 is in 2020 visions. He clearly 20, Congratulations. Exactly
makes sense.
Uh you know, mostly movies and stuff like that, which doesn't really helpful if you're around your house and stuff like that because, you know, obviously, but like I said, sadly because of what's going on and it's really not safe to go anywhere, stuff like parks and like, you know, places like that because you're going inside, you know, businesses and stuff like that during the summer, it was moderately safe, but I mean, I mean now it's getting, you know, the
whole
problem
150,000 cases a day. I mean it's like you can go to church and you're like looking over at the person like uh
yeah, back there.
is it
is to change your weather? I mean like I said, we're, I mean come the end of january, we're gonna have serious lockdowns most likely that's what's going to happen to find, I think hardcore, but uh,
but it's just like I said, I mean he's going to want to keep the country open, but he wants to really tackle, he's got no choice down a total lockdown, it's
inevitable. It's going to be a least of Minimum 2, 3 weeks minimum. Okay. Oh yeah.
I think the key is going to be the vaccinations. Honestly, that's the key because if everybody's going home about the vaccinations, I'd say by the end of the summer, if they're going to start it. But if the vaccinations, like people are hesitant or they just don't get a distributor that it's going to be not until 2022 for sure,
Well the biggest thing I want to know is not so much like I don't like how to treat it is what I want to know is like it was actually a man made virus or is it legitimately nature made? That's what I would like to know you know because anything I would like to know who created it, how it's created you know what they know about and stuff like that but if it's made by nature you know it is what it is you know?
which was looks like that
Oh no I know it's it's that that type of stuff like I said because that's just you know obviously it's like I said you know you find out it's man made it's like what's gonna happen in future 10 years and I can make another virus or whatever. I was like that but it was you know it's just nature
made I mean you know you know there's a scene
you know?
it's
hard to say because like, I mean, I think like I said, obviously trump probably obviously believes it was, but you know, that's that's trump. But but but I mean I think it's probably split to be honest, because I think, you know, some people are like, you know, like have this come out of nowhere why they hiding so much? Why is trying to hide so much and stuff like that? But then let's send them to it's like, you know, if if like I said, if it was, you know, if it was, you know, man made them feel like that there be more evidence towards it, which, you know right now, like I said, it seems like there's like virtually there really isn't very much evidence is more speculation, but, you know, I guess, you know, that's that's why it's like you just don't know, everybody is like, you know, split at that. I think under on their opinion of it. That's just my opinion. I mean,
well
it's interesting because I mean before honestly I was thinking like some biologics, you know, like biological weapon. Because you know obviously if you can get a creative vaccine and stuff like that, then you have a weapon that you know you you know the cure for people don't and then you can weaken a country and you know, just I guess you could say like, you know, you know, you could kind of like, you know, manage the war veteran stuff like that. But but you know, obviously, you know, I I saw another um like a newsletter or something like that about a guy who did a research project hurry a research study for um somebody
like funded a project to uh to send it out buddy Cody. Um I think you're off right now because it just shows a picture,
because
thank
right, because right now in the high season I just he says headphones and it doesn't show a picture of you, I don't know what happened here.
area I just can't see you right now, that's not my car. Yeah, I just see headphones and it just shows like a shadow over a picture. Okay.
and there, yeah, because I was like what,
just now it's just pure audio, but I'm not sure what's going on
because I don't know who is in a tablet, I'm using an ipad. But I don't think that make a difference though, because it's just through uh the uh what you call them conversation link.
Yeah, so I showed you before, but then it is a whoa, because right now I just see a silhouette of a person in the background and then I see oh the right
uh right hand corner I just the audio and everyone, so whenever you talk there's like a glowing light that pops up. That's it.
That's all
right. Yeah. I don't know what's going on
there. You are, you're right there, yep.
Yeah because I was just like yeah yeah I know. It was just like what?
No no it's okay. It's like it's fine. I mean the researchers are like very good care of more than we do and
oh no I was just going to say because I signed up for a newsletter for like this for a novelist and what they were saying is the one guy he received a research study from Rutgers
were critical and I think it was like a long researching. But I said that Anthony Fauci hopefully supposedly funded a
research project over in Wuhan china. That what you call it um was uh supposedly taken back coronavirus and like altering it to to increase uh what you call it resistance to like future disease and stuff like that supposedly that that's what happened. That's true. I'd like it's made me but so I mean I mean it's basically basically it's just a you know make um I guess our immunities or like you know make a stronger defense against future infections and stuff like that. But that happened and that really happened And like I said to somehow leaked unlike that's man made. That's
course.
Of course.
Okay. Okay.
The job literally literally to lie that's literally there. Uh huh.
well the they though to be honest this like I said china like I said there like there are super
power. They're communists and like I said you know like I said they have they have the resources, they have the desire and like I said you know they have the manufacturing, they have all of these resources to like overtake like everything if they really really really put the resources to it. So that that's honestly the benefit. You know it was like said they're communists. The the the whole point of having communism is basically like you know like rule and like you know like take away control from everything. So I mean if that that's pretty much the uh you know I guess you could say it's like the uh you know you know I guess I don't know I put it in the car but you know that's
yeah.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah there should resign because like like and I mean the only thing you can say is maybe like I said their plan all along was like I said that they were making like a like a biological like a weapon or something like that but like I said they you know obviously they you know it got loose before they created a cure for it and stuff like that and they're making plans but they like fully create the cure and it just got released and obviously we're not prepared. That's a possibility you know something like that because you know obviously if you're messing around in the lab and you know against louis you know you have no control over that but you know if you have a contained situation you can play around with it for years upon years and get creative vaccine or things like you know and then you know just you know then you keep your hair so if you release it you don't really be prepared. But you know that's possibility. You know what I'm saying, possibility.
Well the only thing
it
means
is
me
by china is like I said throughout their history is like you know during World War One, World War Two like they were the victims to Japan and they were like you know kind of like a I guess like closer to democracy back then and then they kind of switched switched throughout do and went from kind of Japan. Japan was because you know originally Japan was like you know like a almost like a communist but like almost like an empire and then you know they're like kind of like you know like okay you know I guess you know closer to the to democracy. So it's like kind of weird like you know they both switched roles, you know I mean that's kind of weird. That's why you really wonder about china is like you know true intentions. You just wonder,
I guess I like sort of this is probably the year I've followed politics more than and ever anytime more than like before I ever did before. I mean I was always like a interested in history but more just like the general has you know like the Vikings conquering Dennis and anna and stuff like that. Not too much into like you know it's a political or like you know the political type of type of uh you know like that this stuff but I'm interested in like you know like that like the true history of like you know like you know indians getting conquered and stuff like that, that type of stuff like that. I'm more interested and I'm not so much into the political stuff but you know but
no no it's okay.
absolutely. Absolutely.
Oh yeah. Well it's well hold the biggest problem is you take any country that wants more,
they're going to lose part of their their democratic beliefs. You know there's the once, once you want more it's going to change your whole philosophy and everything that's better come down.
Because I mean that's why the countries I think the countries that are right now the best are places like Australia new Zealand they pretty much stay, you know flush, they pretty much stay right where they are and now I mean they want to grow but it's more like just growing for just the sake of you know changing with the times and you know bettering their lives not so much like what we want to be, you know, like the best country in the world. You know, I mean like one big place like that. That's why those countries essentially I think are pretty much like they could succeed or fail like anywhere because like I said,
they have, you know, no real. Uh, I guess you could say like, um,
yeah, no agenda, you know, I mean the agenda basically just like, you know, like basically live your lives and like, you know, I guess you can just say, you know, like, you know, we'll figure out later.
Another
country influenced. Exactly.
right.
I
got
no, I got you. I got
you. You just don't hear about Australia. That's, that's, that's why I was unaware of that because like I said, it's just, you know, I was
unaware.
Oh no, I understand that. Like I said, because yeah, because like I said, old department is like I said, like you, like you said, I mean it's it's so hidden because like I said, we're in the northern hemisphere. That's the southern hemisphere. It's like another little like a third world test because you know, it's just you don't hear much about those countries. It's just the way it is. No
or not. I mean there's always going to be, like I said, there's always gonna be countries like I said that just have totally different views. I mean there's, you know, just the way it is. I mean all the countries that like I said are just, you know, like, you know, like, you know, I guess you could say like are pretty much going to be their own like places are like, like really, really, really, really small countries or places like, like the little island countries. I think that they're pretty much in their own world.
I mean they're pretty
much they're just going to follow and like I said, you know, but they're never going to like do their own thing. Except for cuBA that's an exception obviously, you know, cuBA back, I've ever exception. But you know, like the little places like, you know, you know those like Caribbean islands and stuff like that, just they're gonna do their own thing.
Oh no, I know. No, I know. It's interesting. It's what's going on. I know is that like I said, the problem is like I said, the biggest people are going to be the most influential. So like I said, other people, you know, it's pretty much, you know, you do your own thing and just kind of like fall behind or you follow
in the steps of the bigger powers. Just like just look at the you know the local stores compared to the corporate stores. I mean like I said you know most ministers went out of business because the big it's the same thing with countries, the exact same thing
I mean.
Oh yeah exactly I mean you know just just the way it is you know just like you know even the currency it's just the way it is you know the U. S. Dollar you know it's always going to be huge, the british pound is gonna be huge and then a little you know it's the way it is but
of course.
it's fine. That very good. I think we're good. Mhm.
Yeah me too.