Mhm. The pacific mm. Yeah. Let me think. Mhm. Yeah because if there had been trouble but we're getting there really like thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Okay thank you. Okay. Mhm. 15. Mhm. Yeah you're right mm. Yeah. You know I'm telling you yeah and the word killing him that anywhere. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. What? All right mm. Yeah for sure. Yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm. Mhm. This is mm. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. No. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. All right. Uh huh. Good. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Friends of my grandmother. Yeah. Whatever. Hey
how are you?
Oh you're out yeah you're outside aren't you? Oh.
Good. I'm glad to see you because I've tried to do this three times already and the other person has never uh
well well
I'm just like uh three or four times but like for this specific like sign up period, like the last three times I've tried to schedule a video chat, the other person just hasn't happened.
All
This
one
hopefully.
Where are you from?
Okay, I've been out there a few times, I like it
north Carolina,
saying you must be out like in the rural area or
All right. Yeah.
Well,
hi, so I would love it
out there,
All right.
Mom,
what's like the leaves are starting to uh change somewhat, or?
if
you can.
you're probably
I
know.
It's
not
sorry
are you more like the western part of Illinois kind of them?
huh.
I mm.
Has
So you don't like pretty decent sized property or?
No.
I was thinking
about it.
You can let them run around out there and not have me too much.
yeah,
no,
I love dogs. What what kind do you have?
Back
up.
not more, but I do a dog set on the side sometimes.
Canada have like five or 6 dogs.
Yeah. Yeah, I've had I've had dioxins in the past, but I do think the next dog I get I want to get something a little bit bigger. Maybe it's probably like a lab. Maybe we'll have
to.
So have you, have you been, you find this on prolific? Is that how?
Okay.
I
love prolific. That's great working from home sometimes and it just uh just kind of throughout the day just do a couple surveys and over the course of like the month. I mean it really uh ads
usually at least make enough to pay my internet bill or something like that, so it's worth the worth the towel and so forth.
You
have to be really quick to get them, I think. Uh but the best ones are like the multi part surveys, like the covid ones because on some of those and maybe like pretty good money or what you're for the time you're putting in and so forth.
No.
mean even the two minute ones, you know 50 cents,
I mean it's still still adds up.
it's a
part
it's supposed to be like the equivalent of minimum wage I think. Yeah. Uh And I like that they're kind of academic in nature and you're not having to do like a bunch of products that you're not interested.
Thank you.
I've heard of it. Um I have not really done it. I use I use prolific and then I do uh User testing and value uh because every kind of self directed as well and those pay like they can either $10 for for like a self directed test, or you just like trying out a new website stuff and then the one on one like this kind of like this if you're like reviewing a product or someone with another person That's like $30 or $60. And those
I
mean they have, the thing is I mean they pop up monday through friday. They pop up in a little bit on the weekends, kind of all throughout the day. But you have screener questions like I and sometimes they're looking for a lot of people but sometimes they're like really specific. Yeah,
let's
if you're if you're willing to take 30 seconds to do the screener um then it can pay off. But you know, I will admit though I I qualify for less than like I probably actually get that. I probably do qualify for, but the actual money is better than for a limited
I'll be happy.
No
problem.
No.
The other other really good one is it's called the Scout and it's it's just an app on your phone and it's um it usually takes place over like several days. Usually it's like multipart americans but they can pay like really really well And I'm seriously, you should take it out cause I've done one on there without pay over like $200.
B. D. As in dog. I
would highly recommend try it. It's worth
it.
Well
yeah a lot of them what you have to do is you're answering like really short surveys And then you'll see something about like a product or whatever and you have to kind of review that and then you have to record like a 1-2 minutes video On your phone kind of giving your thoughts or whatever. Um and like but you're usually doing that on a lot of the surveys over like a 3-5
day period. Yeah. And that's why they pay like a lot more.
that's
and
you
others kinda here and there. But those those three are kind of the ones that are like the most reliable that like uh
that your kid.
I think.
huh.
Because.
All
Well, let's
see.
Uh Did they get along pretty well
and
Yes, of course.
Uh You said the five year old was in the uh like virtual learning or whatever and like a big headache or
Hi.
What
is it?
Go ahead.
One
thing
I'm
sorry.
Let's
get started.
She's
done.
We'll
see what happens.
It's
That's
what
era.
course
here
here they went back to school like middle of last month and there are a couple school, they weren't even open a week before they had to
get down because they started having cases last month like once a week at least like to schools in the county will shut down for two weeks. So
yeah, that's that's what they're trying to do. Yeah. If that s
Two.
Good.
There's a real inequality a thing, you know? Kind of much money you're making like you said if you can stay home or not is
very unfair so.
Yeah.
My mom used to be a school principal and you told me that for
some of their some of their students uh school was like the most normal part of their lives And now to be back in their home environment like 24 7. I can't imagine.
Uhh.
Well like I live I live in a pretty nice neighborhood but like right across kind of the highway a little bit, there's a
motel that's kind of shady. Unfortunately like I you look out like especially before Covid started, you would see a school bus stop there every day. Oh
I thought of like some elementary school kid trying to like study over there all the time. It's just like unimaginable.
Yes. I don't know.
That's
I live in the central part right along the border of Virginia. I can be in Virginia in about two minutes. Yeah.
Yeah it's uh you know compared to when I was younger and it's a changing state uh It's just getting a lot bigger um You hear a lot more northern accents uh down here compared to when I was growing up. So like the you know like charlotte and like Riley those areas those are just like exploding with population. Yeah so the states changing a whole lot. It really is.
I used to live in D. C. And whenever I would meet anybody, the first thing they ask me is wearing the south. And my friend I tried to tell them like my accent is really not as strong as like some of the people.
Yeah it's here too. I mean it's depends where you go. I mean there places here that you feel like you'd be like if you go to charlotte you think you're in like new york or Los Angeles And you get out in the country and its places that feel like they're still stuck back in like the 50s. That's really different.
up in the mountains of north Carolina is a different world.
It really is. Uh But like before I live you know I'm two hours from the mountains of about three or four hours from the beach. Uh
Good combination I think. Yeah.
Probably.
What?
So.
I love visiting there but to live there is a whole different thing uh When I know eight years ago when I lived in D. C. I was paying like 1200 a month for a one bedroom apartment here
dollars buys you a nice house. So yeah it's just completely different. But you know if you're very career driven and and want that kind of faster paced lifestyle. I mean I get it. Yeah.
Oh when I like when I moved back here though just the slower pace of life I got accustomed to kind of being used to that again and I wouldn't want to move to like a bigger city again. Uh huh.
That's all right.
I
don't
know.
The problem.
Stop.
But
Look
at that. Yeah.
What?
We're not so you're not from Illinois originally.
It's
no.
So I'm trying to decide if you had an accent or not and I was trying to listen and like not really. I met some people from like Wisconsin and
Yeah. You can really tell in Minnesota
thank
you.
Hello?
Have you been to Canada?
you
should.
I've been to Toronto and like out list. Very very beautiful place to go. Except except. Yeah. Uh
Great.
I mean Toronto is just like being really in the U. S. To be honest with you didn't feel that much. But I mean further out west you go get a lot of wide open spaces and all that definitely. It feels very different.
Every time. Yeah. I've got 2 32 Ernest for the 25 minutes I guess.
body moving go.
Yeah. Other priorities.
Yeah. I didn't get your name by the way
I met.
That means you too.
All right, well, we'll go have fun with your.
huh.
Yeah.