Mhm. Hey program
good. I'm trying to figure out the glare issue.
How's it going?
Really? All these are like everywhere in
it.
You can begin uh
the last person in the last. All right, let's check the time. Okay. 103. Okay. So the last person I talked to, he said that he did it like a combination of like four or five times and like half the times
no one
showed up and you're my third you're the third person like I've talked to and well all three have been guys and all
well the other two were both in California and then but they showed up every time too. So that was good
Illinois.
Yeah. Where are you from?
Wow, that's cool. I'm glad you're not. I mean California is nice, but it's got to I'm glad to have it mixed up a little, you know?
Yeah, so it's like uh I'd say like two minutes from town ish. But we're like right by this like um it was like a nature preserve slash like a hiking and biking trail area, so that's like right behind our back yard.
Yeah, so it's kind of like
speakers included.
Yeah, it's
I mean the only bad part about Illinois I would say is the snow and the cold, but I'm during the like fall, it's kind of nice, it snowed um two days ago for
bit for some reason. Yeah, but it didn't stick, so that was good because it was like 40s, so I don't know, it was weird. I don't know why even so it's supposed to snow monday again.
But yeah,
yeah, they're beautiful, a lot of them
have
fallen, but some of them, I mean cause it's weird because we have like there's an oak tree and a couple of apple trees here and there completely green, but then like there's like a random tree down there that most of the leaves have already fallen off and then the tree behind me is a crab apple tree and either they fall enough for they've turned.
So I don't, I don't think there's really any rhyme or reason. There's like a couple out front to that are turning, but I didn't know driving into town is so pretty because it's kind of like kind of like a windy road with trees on both sides and it's kind of secluded, there's a train track because we live right by the Mississippi River. Um so like all the trees are turning on that drive,
it's
super
pretty.
But we
actually,
we're like right on the border, so I don't know if you know where the quad cities is. Okay. Yeah, like right there, so like eastern quantity, So Moline is Illinois part of the quantities and that's like southwest a little bit. So we're like right across the river from Leclair, if you know like american pickers or anything like that. This is your Yeah, because I always say that's like that's the qualifier of like american pickers. Yeah,
it's really pretty. Leclair is like so beautiful and it's it's kind of expensive to live there because it's really like, I don't know like everyone wants to move there because it's sort of like out of the city, it's like a smaller town, but it's still, there's still a lot of stuff to do. And
I don't know, it's like really safe, you know, so not a lot of crime. Whereas if you move to like Davenport for example, across the river, it's more like there's some nice reports, but it's also there's a lot more crime over there
in some parts of Illinois to like in the quad cities. So you kind of have to know like where to go. I mean, you know, current doesn't exclude all places, but it's more concentrated over there if you like.
It's like an acre and a half. I think so. Yeah, so decent. Um, we, we actually bought at the end of june because we lived in town in Moline like 20 minutes away, but we have a five year old and an almost three year old. So the five year old was starting kindergarten. This uh, this fall, we didn't know how it's going to be with Covid or anything like that because he's actually at home now,
but We wanted to get into a better school District two. And our old neighborhood was more, uh, it wasn't
like
not safe, but it was more like, for example, when we looked out the back window like doing dishes, like we saw a law office with a bunch of cars and like there was a busy road like a block behind us and you know we wanted something more secluded and safe
exactly. And we have a dog to um
Yeah, so she's like so happy that we moved here because
as you just runs around,
she's a yellow lab. Yes,
she has a
lot of energy. She's she's four. I think her name is daisy. Do you have any dogs?
Uncle
day pictures with.
it's
funny because I've always loved big dogs like there they're like more rough and tumble I feel like. But then they're more cuddly too and I love like big dog cuddles. I don't know what it is, just like big hugs, you know? That's it. That's a shedding though, That's a yellow hair everywhere, but it's worth it. Yeah,
you did too. Okay. Yeah,
because okay, so the last guy I talked to, he said he found it through prolific. The first guy I talked to, he said that he started doing it in like late summer off and on, but he mentioned a different site. So I don't know if it was like through prolific what he was doing because I was like, if there's, if it's not true prolific, I wonder how like what other site you can get to it through. You know what I mean? Like I wonder if they had, I don't know if they advertise it or stuff like that doesn't seem like they would, but
I mean
It adds up.
Well it's funny because uh I started on prolific, like, I don't know, like a couple of years ago, just randomly, you know, like signing up for survey websites or whatever. And I never really did anything on it. And then once Covid hit, I actually, well I was furloughed because I worked at Fedex office and um so I stayed home a lot more, so I'm like, let me see, you know if there's any service and then like a couple of times I would just refresh my browser and there'd be like, I don't know, like a $5.01 pop up or something like that, or like a $3 you know, more than just a few cents. I'm like dang, I should, you know, do this more often. So the more I get on like lots of the time, you know, when I refresh it, there's nothing. But I try to be, I don't know with having my son on the computer so much doing school, it's easy to just have the tab open and just go and see, you
know?
exactly. And I mean some of those minus the like attention checks, you know, like some of them are similar to other ones you've taken. So you know, like the layout, you know, like still read them, you know, and like your, your best on them. But some of them you could get pretty fast. Like there was a, There was a, like a mental health screening or something like that. There was a two parter
and I think all together, what was it? It was like $8 or something like that for like Half an hour, 40 minutes altogether. I'm like, that's pretty, pretty decent. Yeah.
Good.
Yeah. And I like how it tells you like, So 50 cents for, you know, two minutes, how much it would be per hour
and
like nothing is up there.
Yes. I don't know if you've ever heard, have you heard of mturk?
It's on amazon?
Damn. Now, how often do you get like, like opportunities on there? Is that every once in a while or is it like pretty
consistent?
then you get screened
out. Yeah.
Yeah. And well look, I for like uh I don't know how to be a few years ago,
I got into mturk momentarily
for like
a few months and I like really like worked
away at it like a lot, you know because they're micro tasks so they're like super small amount of money. But I think I was like a stay at home mom or something at the time after my son was born, it would be like four years, five years ago, I don't know. Um I like really worked at it for a few months, I only made like $200 and I'm like I mean it's use it for like if you have no other income or like if you're just doing it kind of for fun but then it's not prolific through. I think it might have been through there, I'm not sure. But then I saw like even, I mean you have like those scents or like 25 cents for a survey type thing, but even then you're not wasting half an hour for 25 cents. You know what I mean? You like on mturk. It's like
Whoa dang. It's like the Scout or be Scout.
He's interesting. That's cool.
He
Scout interesting. Let's check it out. And it works
for like iphone.
Do
interesting because it's a longer commitment. Cool.
The school.
Oh did you make
that out?
Just a minute babe. Um
Yeah, one of them. What do you say?
Good job? I think she said I went pooping on the party. Yeah, so so that's my daughter, her birthday's on november three, so she's gonna be three on november three and uh she tells everybody and we just not just started potty training but we just kind of got successful at potty training. Uh
So she so my son is five and he wears this might be too much information but he wears Scooby doo on these, right? Because we do well she was wearing these like little girl honeys. Well
she's kind of like chunky like her age, she's sure but she's chunky for age, so like her size four Andy's or whatever, they're too tight on her. So then we got her size for boys Scooby doo honeys because
she had to be like a brother and they fit perfect. So she'll like people wear the same Andy's as your brother and they'll like walk around is so cute. But anyway, I later down for a nap probably like a half hour ago or so and she kind of takes a little bit fall asleep. Well I thought she was asleep
because
it was pretty quiet in there and then all of a sudden I hear she's at like the screen door, she was talking to me but
uhh it depends
today honestly. Um he gets upset because she always wants to do everything he does. Obviously,
I don't know if you have siblings but that's pretty common and so he gets upset, but then he also like say she falls on her face, like she does a lot like he'll go and he'll be like it's ok piper and like help her up and like you know make sure she's okay. Which is so cute. But it's so funny because they also are like partners in crime so say like I'm doing laundry or I'm busy doing something, you know like I'll come back out to the kitchen or the dining room and they'll like have gotten into stuff together and both blame each other, like I don't know which one did it, but they both. Uh huh.
Um Okay, so when it first started I was like yes,
we got this like that would be an awesome teacher, like I got this is cake. And now I think he started, when you start
september
early, september mid september.
It's been I think it's been four or five weeks and now I'm just finally getting to the point where I'm
like
it's cool back yet. Like it's okay because we've we've gotten to the point where like we know the routine now, like it's pretty predictable like what
days he has which
subject and everything, which it's just
kindergarten,
so it's not that big of a deal, you know? But just trying to set aside that time and then he gets like I have school again like what do I have it every day, You know what I mean? And he wants to do his thing. And especially because like today it's so nice. He got done early today because we like worked at it. But it's hard because like I'll have to methodically choose which subject
because
for example math, he does math and handwriting in like a book and then the rest of it's like videos online where he kind of follows along and then he has to answer like record himself answering a question or like fill out a problem or something and then take a picture and send it to his teacher through this website. Well math is always like super long. There's like six or 7 or eight
pages
which he fills out in his work book and because you know there's a lot more to learn and handwriting is like one or two pages so they take longer. So I try
to do that near the beginning of like learning. So he's not completely sick
of
doing schoolwork and homework by then
because I've had it where that's the last thing we do and we just never get it done and then have to do it the next day. So it's like it's hard because he doesn't have that long of an attention span either longer
than he used to. For sure. But
the
Well.
And then they opened back up.
It's hard because I feel like you're damned if you do and damned if you don't miss like you have some parents which like I feel very blessed
that like I'm able to stay home with my kids now but like some parents they have to work like both of them or maybe there's just one you know they have to work and that's the only former child care and it's like if their kids are at home either
they have to work and they have to get someone to help them with their school like a neighbor or babysitter and then paying that. I don't know. That just seems I can see where they're coming from where.
Do it.
And it just depends on the state to because I know. So we're right next to Iowa and their governor. She like, I know what first was saying something about like all school or most schools need to be open or something and they need to have the majority of kids there at school. But then people are like, are you kidding me? Like we're not going to send our kids to school. So then they did like a hybrid option. So you could do some in person and then some at home. I don't know if there was a solely virtual learning program or if they even changed it because I know even now all the cases are still going up. You know and it is hard to work with. I would hate to be in politics right now. Oh
man.
Look.
Mm hmm. Well they said, I know I read like um domestic violence and abuse and everything like that. Like they're, those cases are going way up because everyone's second home.
But then school like I know for a lot of kids, school was like the only way that they one can get a break too can like get help if they need it, you know? And if their second home, like they're stuck with their abuser and that's really scary too.
The
Oh well.
So sad. Crazy.
Don't get, so
do you live in like, what part of north Carolina?
That's kind of like Iowa for me.
Well, I could definitely tell you have an accent when you, you know.
Oh yeah, we lived in, so my husband was in the navy from 2011-2015. And we actually, he was stationed in northern Florida. So we like, we had a couple of friends that he worked with that were like from the area like from Georgia or like, you know south or North Carolina, places like that. And one of them that was from Georgia, we actually like explored like sort of like the border between Georgia and florida. Oh my gosh, Georgia is so pretty. I mean I know some parts aren't like aren't the best, but
Like the bible belt. Oh man.
Weird.
That's perfect.
I would love to be close to the beach. I feel like you're well, it's funny because every time I think so this is gonna sound kind of weird. But I have this like weird, irrational underlying fear that like the power, okay not solely based on the power going out, but like we as a society relies so much on electricity for you know everything. And if it goes out like all together, you know like those apocalyptic movies it's like and in the world type thing. But even if there's a zombie apocalypse, I feel like the more inland you are, it's probably better.
I just feel like it's less populated and Iowa and Illinois like so essentially located that I'm like, I feel like safe here. You know like, so my sister lives in like
northern California. I went and visited her because she got married last fall. Yeah, so it's been almost exactly a year. Oh I got texture. Anyway, sorry. Um, and I flew into like san Francisco or sacramento one of those and it was so busy and there were so many people and I can see it's just a different way of living. You know like I can see the appeal if you want to be close to everything and have a lot of like
different experiences. But me personally, I like to be more, yeah, secluded,
I'm
And like extroverted for sure.
We lived, we lived in michigan for a few years and that was actually where both our kids were born, can where we lived. It was actually very secluded like 40, minutes to the nearest like Walmart and
oh my gosh, she's naked. Okay. Mhm. What do you say? I thought you already went boobies. Okay. Okay, good job. We were done Kids. We lived on uh 10 acres and it was a mixture of like farmland and wooded area. And we had, me and my husband, we had never lived like that secluded in that far
out before
because
the cost of living is so much lower in Michigan too because I think like for example Iowa the soil
is so much better whereas like michigan, it's more sandy so that it's not as expensive for like that many acres. Um But we got so used to that and like hardly any neighbors that when we moved here like we were looking for that and it's a lot more expensive
here for that
like amount of acres, you know what I mean? And it's harder to find too because if you're especially in the quad cities, if you're. Uh huh. I don't know if you're gonna find 10 acres or even five acres, it's gonna be like 30 minutes out of the way or 30 minutes away from a big city. Whereas like
here
you know it's a good couple acres
but it's within five minutes of town and it's just kind of like a smaller river town, you know what I mean? So it's populated but it's not, it's not michigan underpopulated.
No I'm actually front
while I was born in California. But then
when I was a baby we moved to Iowa, so I grew up in central Iowa. Yeah.
Oh yeah and even uh Minnesota, I love Minnesota,
her Canadians. Oh we live here in Canadian accents and Canadians are so nice to, I feel like every time I randomly meet one and it's always the most random times because like Canadian a and they're like Canadian a like like to chill, you know like some people you say you an accent
like
you know like from new york or Austin or you know like very recognizable accents and they're just like
what of it? You know? And then but Canadians are just so true. What do you say?
Oh no, not yet. I
want,
I mean then you've been nice.
Is there a lot of people are, are there
a lot of people there in Canada?
Does it 1:32?
Yeah, I think we're good. I think it started 1:03 I'm just saying because my, I
do, your old is opening the door and she's naked.
You really handle that
Megan.
Nice to meet you.
And I don't think I got the last two people, I did a meeting with their names at all. Oops,
thanks Trey. She's, oh she's yelling, he's yelling something. Oh,
she's hitting the door. Okay. Nice
to meet you and have a great rest of your week. Okay.