SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: yes.
SPEAKER_R: do I have,
SPEAKER_L: I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: nope there it is, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: what? Can you hear me? Let me see. You can see you.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Okay okay this is brand new camera for me,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. All right, Can you see me
SPEAKER_R: yeah I can see you're just fine.
SPEAKER_L: okay, cool. I can see you too.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, so I guess I'm gonna start right off the bat. Do you go to a lot of carnival rides? Let's say that I do
SPEAKER_L: no, this
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: is just something you have good eyesight. This is just some, this is like a, some decorative thing. I've no, it's just a bunch of random picture. I got it from target. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Hm Yeah I've got weird things that I found at yard sales of uh whole papers about what you can do with herbs and their magical properties frank. Uh Well
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so what have you been up to today?
SPEAKER_L: So today I was working, um,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I work from home. I worked for Bankia, um,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: in the marketing department, so that's what I did today. Um, and yeah, and then I just, I stopped
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: around five and hopped on here. So how
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: about,
SPEAKER_R: you're on the east Coast I'm guessing.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm on the, I'm in pennsylvania. Well,
SPEAKER_R: I'm on the floor West coast watching
SPEAKER_L: where are you?
SPEAKER_R: close.
SPEAKER_L: You're watching? Okay. It's like what your two PM there, wow. Okay, interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I don't know why I thought they would have matched people more based on time zones, but I guess
SPEAKER_L: you have to select your times and when you sign up for this, but I guess they totally disregard that.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah this is uh mostly they offer me. So uh I went and got a pedicure and I
SPEAKER_L: nuts.
SPEAKER_R: do though even during the cold months
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what do you do with, what's your day job?
SPEAKER_R: I am actually on call for a substitute for the school system which is really limited right now. I don't know about pennsylvania but we're almost entirely shut down. They only allow special ed kids in the building right now and everybody else is from home. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: no I'm in I'm in york county so I'm at the bottom of the state but in philadelphia they just announced that they're going fully virtual for the best through I think through the first of the year. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: announced they were going virtual, I want to say in june here and then they were saying okay but we're gonna open up the schools like normal in november and then the case is just went right back up so they know we're not doing it.
SPEAKER_L: Uh my goodness. What? Mhm. So are you are you a teacher by like is that are you a teacher by professor?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a pair of educator which means I'm not a qualified teacher. I'm the person in the remove that the teacher tells me go help them with their math and that's what I do. But you don't have to have a college degree to be able to even do that, so. Mhm. But it's, I do enjoy helping the kids when they're struggling and especially when they get it. I love that, that look on their face,
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: moment
SPEAKER_R: feel so proud.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I never had that moment. I never got it.
SPEAKER_R: Well, hm
SPEAKER_L: sorry you do the math or english or all of it?
SPEAKER_R: All of it, whatever they need me to do And I have some first straight up tutors not just helping in the classroom, which that was an interesting learning experience because they don't just go to one classroom and hang out there and have kids come to them, which is what I expected. You're going from classroom to classroom to classroom. You've got 10-15 minutes with each group or kid and then you gotta move again.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh it sounds
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: know that you're getting enough time to get this.
SPEAKER_L: yeah sounds like horribly inefficient to be honest. I mean there should be a better way, wow okay
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so how's how's Washington other than that?
SPEAKER_R: What affected? Yeah. Excuse me. I have a giant water,
SPEAKER_L: No by all Me.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Mhm. But yeah, it's actually been fairly dry the last couple of years. Normally we're, it's, there's a lot of accuracy to the idea that it rains all the time more so in Seattle. But um, yeah, it's a trade off. We've had Sonnier days in the last two cold, so the seasons like follow the spring is cold season here, but the flip side is drier, less rain. We've had that, that's what fed a lot of the fires the last two years because uh I mean, I'm used to fires in California, used to fires in southern Oregon, but this last year and I think the year before is a little unnerving, is there were fires half an hour east of us. Uh
SPEAKER_L: no wow.
SPEAKER_R: and yeah, that's all forest, it normally doesn't catch on fire, but we haven't been getting the rain. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Are you on the are you on the side closest to the ocean or you on the side more inland
SPEAKER_R: More
SPEAKER_L: and watch?
SPEAKER_R: inland, it's about an hour and a half to the ocean from here, which is the way I like it. I love going there
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: it's so windy and it doesn't
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: really give above 65 even in the summer.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. That's disappointing. Really. That's yeah. So do you ever do you ever go to California? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: It's been a couple years since the last time I went down there. My uh dad's father still is still alive down there. Um He grew up there, both of my parents were up in uh long poke California. Most people that they know santa barbara, but a lot of folks like about an hour I want to stay away. So yeah, we did a family reunion thing there, the rest of them, his sisters in, I want to say south south Dakota. I forget where she is. We don't really talk.
SPEAKER_L: One of the Dakotas there wrote this name really is a difference.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then the only brother he had stayed there passed. So yeah and then there's him and I forget where his, I think his other brother lives in Arizona. So they kind of all fled the coop.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So did you grow up in in Washington?
SPEAKER_R: No um my dad was military so yeah, he he had one of those very needy um I don't want to say overpowering but like emotionally demanding mothers. So him and all his brothers went, I'm getting in the military and getting out of here. What? So yeah, we ended up moving, I lived in Connecticut um where was it? Maine new Hampshire hawaii when I was only six months old. So remember it?
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's a bummer.
SPEAKER_R: Um michigan south
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Carolina, don't remember that one either. And then Oregon Washington and Idaho
SPEAKER_L: what? So that's great because I've lived in the same house my whole life, so that's wild to hear
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: people who have moved around like and that was my nightmare was moving like I I actually probably one of the most shameful things I did as a kid was my parents talked about moving so important and I overheard them and so my bright idea was to carve my name in the kitchen cabinet with the night so that they couldn't sell the house or something. I don't know what my plan was but it's still there like my it's still in the cabinet.
SPEAKER_R: that's funny.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was they didn't think it was funny but like I do. But yeah so that some. That's crazy. So did you what was it like growing up just bouncing around the country?
SPEAKER_R: But It definitely took some adjusting to, I think it took me until about 10 years old to really get in the group of of understanding. I had to make a whole new friend group everywhere we went and getting I guess skilled at it. That's the big thing that it,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: Hey. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So you decided to stay in Washington? Um Was that like the last place you moved? And then you said to say
SPEAKER_R: My parents moved to Oregon when I was, I want to say eight and um, we had woods in Connecticut that's wherever we lived. I was always in the woods. Um, but it was, I don't know how to put it. I just, there was like a Peacefulness to the woods in Oregon
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: and then after five years there, which is the longest we lived anywhere. Um, we moved up to Kingston Washington, just across the bay from Seattle for a year and a half. And, and the same thing. I uh, they moved item after that when I was 15 and I said from the minute they said we're moving, I said I'm coming back here someday. It took some work because my husband uh kind of like, well not entirely like you, he was adopted when he was six and do an extended part of the family from then on. He stayed in the same house. And the idea of moving out of state scared the hell out. I had to work on him for a good five years before. And ultimately what it came down to is he's in the tech industry and it's doing okay now but there was nothing there for a career in Boise Idaho um in 2007 and there were jobs out here so we moved.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. One that's why I'm adopted too. So that's interesting for your husband's adapted me. Woo.
SPEAKER_R: it doesn't it doesn't seem like you hear that often that people are adopted but I know two of our friends are also adopted. He's adopted I guess or and I'm like it must happen more often than people realize.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and a lot of sometimes people want to talk about, we never talked about growing up, I was never even told I was adopted but my parents are white so I guess I just put it together at some
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: point. But yeah. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I guess there was a slim chance some DNA skipped a generation that happened. There are those twin girls I forget. I think it's the father is white and, and they're twins and one is dark and one's white and people,
SPEAKER_L: I think I've seen stuff like that, genetics are so weird.
SPEAKER_R: What? But yeah. So are you an only child?
SPEAKER_L: I am an only child so yeah I I had kind of the double whammy, I was adopted an only child so I was quite spoiled. I'm not gonna lie. Well it was nice. How about you? Do you have siblings?
SPEAKER_R: I have a brother. Yeah. We terrorized each other a lot. We didn't have a very like the bonded relationship. I guess you could say it was pseudo bonded because we didn't like hang out and talk together. Play cards together. We played uh, like a twisted version of cops and robbers where we'd run, run after each other with a knife. You're a kid, you don't have the concept of the damage it can do. We were latchkey kids, my mom was gone, so nobody was there to tell us that's dangerous. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I it sounds like I missed out.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Makes for some interesting stories. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: And one of the times, I actually, it's funny enough, I got injured more than him, even though I was the older suddenly the time we were like, we took wet hand towels, we had to do the dishes and we both hated it. And we got dipped one end in the water and started smacking each other in the head. Well, he with his back, it wrapped around one of my mom's decorations and slammed me in the head with a night of stitches.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: Another time alone, obviously. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well and then you have to like go to the doctor and explain what happened and that's probably so embarrassing. That's funny.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Well not really but you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, maybe for a story and you laugh. So there's a,
SPEAKER_L: it doesn't make her a good story to think for a good story, wow.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's kind of been my motto about life in general. It's not always easy, but you can laugh or you can cry about it. I choose the lot.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. So that's so do you have Children yourself? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Both of them are the ones taking a year off of college because of Covid because again, lockdown, you can't do any of the social stuff. And I completely understand if if I was 20 years old and uh, yeah, I was, I could go to the campus and just sit in my dorm. I wouldn't pay
SPEAKER_L: No. So is that their first year or
SPEAKER_R: check. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So It's not as I was in college last year graduate in 2019 so like I just missed all this.
SPEAKER_R: Look,
SPEAKER_L: Um I just like narrowly avoided that train wreck but
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I can't imagine it's I've heard some crazy things of people like how they're doing online schooling and stuff and it just sounds like not fun at all. But. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: And then you have the flip side. I forget where it was, but I know somewhere back east when they first did all the things of no large gatherings, nobody's going to social stuff on campus. And then about three weeks later it came out there were huge spreader events because these sororities got together anyway and had their party.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that's how that's how it wasn't at my school, people, people would get together and now it's like a hot spot and it's like they canceled class so you wouldn't get together. But it did, it totally backfired. It's gosh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well, hopefully we will. Uh, I hope I'm not stepping on any toes. Hopefully the orange clown will be out. I never
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: vote
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: he was
SPEAKER_R: my home
SPEAKER_L: thankful
SPEAKER_R: state of them.
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: Hey?
SPEAKER_L: was, oh gosh that's I saw this thing, it was like Trump, got the full 2020 experience. He got code that he lost his job
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and he got evicted like pretty good accident.
SPEAKER_R: Unfortunately it may be physical force to a victim but
SPEAKER_L: But yeah. God
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: That was yeah, that was my first like adult, that was the first presidential election I voted and was 2016. Um and that was just such a, I was in college at the time, so it was just really wild to experience it that way, you know, like a liberal, the suburban Philly area. It was just, it was quite a time. I mean, I remember the day after it was like very somber and people were like, just, it was like a death had occurred. It was quite,
SPEAKER_R: it felt like a death hit occur.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean, it kind of in some ways, yeah. Her gosh, that was
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: loyal.
SPEAKER_R: then and then unfortunately literal death drink it's turned.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, just gosh, but that, that really was like, I'm sad about all the things that happened, but it was kind of neat to like be an adult and be like aware of what was going on. I always been a politics junkie, but it was just, it was really surreal to be like living through it, being like this is gonna be like a history book one day. Like the kids are not gonna believe it at all. I mean if this were a tv show, it would have been have been cut by now because I don't think anybody would buy it.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah, they've actually, I think I'm trying to remember what it was called. There was some actor, it was a show I never watched, it was supposed to be a parody of our elected officials focused on the White House and uh the year he got elected or the yeah. Within the same timeframe they said they beat I think is what it was called. Yeah, came together and decided to cancel the show because they said they couldn't write anything that was more ridiculous than what they were. Oh
SPEAKER_L: You watched saturday night live ever? Oh my gosh. It's like to the point they just like repeat what people say verbatim because they're like, we can't even write anything more ridiculous than this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. But it gives us, they do it in such a way with the way they physically act it out, you can laugh at it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. And then you remember that it's real and this
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: is really happening.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I bought a bottle of whiskey for this election, praying. Yeah, but
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: hopefully things will get better and
SPEAKER_L: I I do hope things things improve. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but I do, I have to say I have to agree with, I think Colbert said it that other people said it too, but he said it really well that um as as horrible as trump is he is not the the cost, he just inflamed what was already going on and that we need to address it. I don't know how
SPEAKER_L: Just a symptom of the cause. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean my neighbors across the street there has been a personal example of that to me because he's, he's a really sweet guy. He's always the first to offer to help. We trust him with our garage code to come into our house and were gone and I have to ask him to turn off the oven a couple of times and we weren't coming home and we thought and he thinks trump is a better option. I don't I don't even understand where you're coming here. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Washington is a pretty blue state, But are you are you in like a like a are you in like a liberal area or is it more like?
SPEAKER_R: were the liberal, we're in Vancouver Washington which on the way they vote is liberal um concentrated. But I've learned since we have lived in this part of the city that the east side of Vancouver is still very conservative which we are you got to be in the center to the west is where all the people who did not like get don't live. But that is another thing I've learned is people even I was under the impression we lived in Idaho that Washington is blue. It's actually only from like the cascades west, it is blue. The other side is all conservative. And so yeah we we did vote for biden but we also voted for Jaime Herrera Butler who I can't and because she was the local representatives, Senate representative and I guess the conservatives came out in droves for her yet again. We keep trying to vote her out and keep getting stuck with.
SPEAKER_L: Oh goodness you have jay inslee? Right. So what was that like when you're governor was running for president? Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_R: was I had mixed feelings, I thought he would make a good president but I didn't want to lose him, I was
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: going to um but he really, I don't know him personally but there's a lot of truth to the fact that he walks the walk. He lives in a smaller home. He uses mass transit, he uses an electric car and I like Bernie for the same reason because they do what they propose other people do. Yeah. Yeah and then so we have him and I think largely because of Seattle where my my son now lives, I'll give credit. Uh and then we end up with a rare butler who keeps trying to give away the the indigenous people land and uh but I I try to look at the positive stuff when I hear about this, I look for the positive, like it sounds like lindsey graham and mitch McConnell might be under investigation kind to
SPEAKER_L: Gosh
SPEAKER_R: manipulate the election
SPEAKER_L: the Lord
SPEAKER_R: and they
SPEAKER_L: said what's a mess like that's when you think the season's over, the writers come in and just we gotta add one more twist to it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I think Colbert said that to uh it feels like it's over, but I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop the way that your is gone. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah it's it's been interesting, I have definitely sub the heck of a lot less as kids are vectors for illness, especially when they're yeah the only ones are living in the building right now, I mean a normal kid doesn't really yet, it someone who isn't really fully aware of their surroundings or their interactions with people gets it even less. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Gosh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah so how did you end up working for IKEA?
SPEAKER_L: So I started um so I graduated from college in 2019 with a marketing degree and um I was working um I went to school just outside of Philly in Westchester and then I got a marketing job at a marketing agency. Um We were popular. Main clientele was higher ed. And so I was there in center city Philly for a year um Hated it. And then the pandemic happened and I was like well now is the time to get out. So we went remote. Um I came back home new york and then I was just like I'm just gonna I'm just gonna go. So I always loved a key, like I'd always want to work for a K. I thought was just like I don't have ever been doing okay. Um But
SPEAKER_R: Jordan
SPEAKER_L: I just I thought it was like the coolest place ever, the first time I went there. And um I literally told my parents that I want to work for a key one day and and this job just popped up, I was just looking for jobs and um while I was working my other job and I um I just applied and I didn't, I didn't get the job and I was like well that sucks, and then a few weeks later they opened up another position, the same one, they were hiring a second person and I tried to apply again and the system was like no you just supplied, you can't apply, so it wouldn't let me. So I just made another fake email and applied and I got an interview the next day and I was hired within like a week. So yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: really impressed them?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I must have, I mean I was like so paranoid they find out that I made another, you know, I applied again but they never did so that's what you have
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: done.
SPEAKER_R: husband's management in the I. T. Field and yeah he has people make new emails to reapply. You do it
SPEAKER_L: I'm like this isn't gonna stop me. So yep, so I work remotely, we are, the headquarters is just outside of philadelphia and Conshohocken and I went there one time just to pick up my computer and I met my boss. Um and that was the only time I've ever, I've never met anybody on my team really, I don't think I ever will because we're just remote indefinitely. Um They're cutting the office and we're just gonna all be work from home, so I guess I guess
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: I'll never
SPEAKER_R: guys
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: him.
SPEAKER_R: zoom meetings?
SPEAKER_L: Know, what would you do zoom. Yeah. Yeah, but I've never, like, I've never like physically met anybody like that. I yeah, so I'm on zoom makes with it all the time,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: but like I I've never seen him in real life, so that's interesting,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: what exactly does the marketing manager business degree do for you?
SPEAKER_L: um well the degree, it's helpful, it got me too. I hear. Um It's yeah, I mean I learned some pretty useful things. Um I used I think I used my degree a lot more when I was at the marketing agency because I was already ads. I was um you know I was writing like blog posts and things so that was like a little more marketing focus um
SPEAKER_R: Hm.
SPEAKER_L: Like the traditional sense but now I'm an online content specialist is my position so I actually just like manage the website um like the front end of it so um just anything you see appear on the website. Um I probably like put it there.
SPEAKER_R: You plug in what's for sale in the prices?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's exactly what I plug in, what's for sale, like update the store hours like oh there's a fire in California and all of our stores are closing, you know we got to go in there and update the hours and stuff like that so people know and yeah so that's what I do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: know a couple of people like not personally but through someone who have done marketing as a major and I started wondering what exactly do you do for a job?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah there's there's so much you can do. Um So it's it's a it's a pretty it's nice in that way and that you're you know you're not stuck in one thing but because you don't you know you know a little about a lot of things so a little hard to specialize unless you really want to. But yeah, it's just kind of one of those catch all degrees that you can you know, go do a lot with.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Well that's a possibility for my other child because they still don't figure it out what they're doing.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, are they still in high school
SPEAKER_R: Um No there there that's the one that's taking the year off.
SPEAKER_L: this one together? Okay. What was your major before?
SPEAKER_R: Psychology. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's yeah that's a that's a popular one. I think that's going to be very necessary with I think a lot of people gonna need therapy after all of this. So yeah that's probably a good and there's a lot you can do with that too. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I honestly don't know, I can't
SPEAKER_L: Cook.
SPEAKER_R: say anything. I majored in english, a
SPEAKER_L: Cool. No that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: lot of people say that was a waste of my time, but it got me the ability to do something for the school district I wouldn't have had otherwise. So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. But with the teacher like your whole life or did you do? Were you?
SPEAKER_R: honestly after like right after I got my degree, we moved out here and then for the first couple of years it was just juggling the kids because they were younger when I started trying to re enter the work field, my health started to go downhill because I found out I had autoimmune it shoes. I didn't know that's why I'm doing the on call stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Sorry to hear about that. But yeah that's yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully the, yeah, trying to look forward instead of finding out about all that. So. But yeah another I guess it's dark humor but another humorous thing that happened to me, it's just all part of 2020. I was taking a martial arts class in the park. This guy was actually has been a lifelong master and he was giving it for free and uh grabbed me in a in a like um if somebody sneaks up behind you and grab you to try and uh rob you or something and I was supposed to get out of it. Well he already told us over and over again twist from your ball of your foot, twist from the ball of your foot. Well, I did exactly what he said not to do and twisted from my knee. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Oh that just sounds bad.
SPEAKER_R: that was in february, I had to have surgery and I couldn't get it till june because of covid.
SPEAKER_L: Did you like tear your A. C. L. Or something
SPEAKER_R: Um I tore my A. C. O. My M. C. L. And almost entirely disconnected the tendon that's in the middle of your whole neat,
SPEAKER_L: wow. So you basically just need a whole new knee is what that is. I mean that's just like it looks like wow
SPEAKER_R: the doctors were baffled that I was able to do that much damage just trying to pull out hold. I'm like I'm stubborn.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's awful though. So questions like from february to june, did you just like not walk?
SPEAKER_R: No I literally couldn't walk. I had to be on crutches and I had felt getting in and out of bed. It was not fun.
SPEAKER_L: No, that's terrible. So
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: are you better like can you walk down? I mean I'm sure that ended your martial arts career
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: jen. But yeah I again back to the stubborn the doctors told me I can't walk till december and I went I don't think so when I started working in september
SPEAKER_L: Yeah wow. Uh Because usually you hear those type of injuries, people are like skiing or something and like it's something really dramatic like not just like twisting.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Always twist from the ball of your foot. Not a joint.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I'm going to remember that. Yeah I was I was in a bunch of sports growing up like I never had like a really bad injury so you're lucky in that way But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well they did say that
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I probably wouldn't have injured myself as badly but I have arthritis damage and there already that compounded it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah blush that pesky preexisting condition Gotcha man.
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully you stay healthy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so too yeah. Gosh that's wild. Oh my goodness.
SPEAKER_R: Berlin sorry, my dogs ripping around. What are you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: doing?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: You're fine. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Is that a boy or girl? Girl? Girl
SPEAKER_R: she's a girl. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well what's her name?
SPEAKER_R: ruins.
SPEAKER_L: Rohan in her little jacket
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, she's
SPEAKER_L: and then.
SPEAKER_R: won an outdoor dog. But she's being Africa, I found out because we adopted her from the Humane Society. Africa dogs have very thin hair, just like curly hair on him. And so even though we have the house of 70, she still gets a little cold jacket off all winter.
SPEAKER_L: That's really cute. Does she mind the jacket or?
SPEAKER_R: No, she trying to shake it off at first, but pretty quickly kind of figured out what it was not going
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: wasn't coming off that spends you though.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I know. I'm not paying attention to expand of the world. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Hey wow dog. Well I think we have reached our time on so I guess we're free to to go but it was a pleasure talking to you out in Washington. I hope I think I hope your knee feels better. I hope you get some subbing jobs. All kinds of things. But
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I hope you continue to enjoy your job.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Yeah I'll try.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And and both of us hope the next four years or better.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean they have to be really that can't be won.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I hope so. For years. I'm not sure. I can say that anymore.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Well there's no bottom to this pit maybe. Mhm. All right. Well I will see it was lovely talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was nice meeting you too.
SPEAKER_L: It's yeah