Oh
do I have,
nope there it is, can you hear me?
Uh huh. Okay okay this is brand new camera for me,
yeah I can see you're just fine.
Yes, so I guess I'm gonna start right off the bat. Do you go to a lot of carnival rides? Let's say that I do
and
yeah. Hm Yeah I've got weird things that I found at yard sales of uh whole papers about what you can do with herbs and their magical properties frank. Uh Well
so what have you been up to today?
Uh huh.
huh.
thank you.
so
you're on the east Coast I'm guessing.
I'm on the floor West coast watching
close.
Oh I don't know why I thought they would have matched people more based on time zones, but I guess
Mhm. Yeah this is uh mostly they offer me. So uh I went and got a pedicure and I
do though even during the cold months
I am actually on call for a substitute for the school system which is really limited right now. I don't know about pennsylvania but we're almost entirely shut down. They only allow special ed kids in the building right now and everybody else is from home. Mhm.
Yeah.
announced they were going virtual, I want to say in june here and then they were saying okay but we're gonna open up the schools like normal in november and then the case is just went right back up so they know we're not doing it.
I'm a pair of educator which means I'm not a qualified teacher. I'm the person in the remove that the teacher tells me go help them with their math and that's what I do. But you don't have to have a college degree to be able to even do that, so. Mhm. But it's, I do enjoy helping the kids when they're struggling and especially when they get it. I love that, that look on their face,
they
feel so proud.
Well, hm
All of it, whatever they need me to do And I have some first straight up tutors not just helping in the classroom, which that was an interesting learning experience because they don't just go to one classroom and hang out there and have kids come to them, which is what I expected. You're going from classroom to classroom to classroom. You've got 10-15 minutes with each group or kid and then you gotta move again.
I don't
know that you're getting enough time to get this.
Yeah.
What affected? Yeah. Excuse me. I have a giant water,
yeah. Mhm. But yeah, it's actually been fairly dry the last couple of years. Normally we're, it's, there's a lot of accuracy to the idea that it rains all the time more so in Seattle. But um, yeah, it's a trade off. We've had Sonnier days in the last two cold, so the seasons like follow the spring is cold season here, but the flip side is drier, less rain. We've had that, that's what fed a lot of the fires the last two years because uh I mean, I'm used to fires in California, used to fires in southern Oregon, but this last year and I think the year before is a little unnerving, is there were fires half an hour east of us. Uh
and yeah, that's all forest, it normally doesn't catch on fire, but we haven't been getting the rain. Yeah,
More
inland, it's about an hour and a half to the ocean from here, which is the way I like it. I love going there
but
it's so windy and it doesn't
really give above 65 even in the summer.
It's been a couple years since the last time I went down there. My uh dad's father still is still alive down there. Um He grew up there, both of my parents were up in uh long poke California. Most people that they know santa barbara, but a lot of folks like about an hour I want to stay away. So yeah, we did a family reunion thing there, the rest of them, his sisters in, I want to say south south Dakota. I forget where she is. We don't really talk.
Yeah. And then the only brother he had stayed there passed. So yeah and then there's him and I forget where his, I think his other brother lives in Arizona. So they kind of all fled the coop.
No um my dad was military so yeah, he he had one of those very needy um I don't want to say overpowering but like emotionally demanding mothers. So him and all his brothers went, I'm getting in the military and getting out of here. What? So yeah, we ended up moving, I lived in Connecticut um where was it? Maine new Hampshire hawaii when I was only six months old. So remember it?
Um michigan south
Carolina, don't remember that one either. And then Oregon Washington and Idaho
what?
that's funny.
But It definitely took some adjusting to, I think it took me until about 10 years old to really get in the group of of understanding. I had to make a whole new friend group everywhere we went and getting I guess skilled at it. That's the big thing that it,
Hey. Yeah.
My parents moved to Oregon when I was, I want to say eight and um, we had woods in Connecticut that's wherever we lived. I was always in the woods. Um, but it was, I don't know how to put it. I just, there was like a Peacefulness to the woods in Oregon
and then after five years there, which is the longest we lived anywhere. Um, we moved up to Kingston Washington, just across the bay from Seattle for a year and a half. And, and the same thing. I uh, they moved item after that when I was 15 and I said from the minute they said we're moving, I said I'm coming back here someday. It took some work because my husband uh kind of like, well not entirely like you, he was adopted when he was six and do an extended part of the family from then on. He stayed in the same house. And the idea of moving out of state scared the hell out. I had to work on him for a good five years before. And ultimately what it came down to is he's in the tech industry and it's doing okay now but there was nothing there for a career in Boise Idaho um in 2007 and there were jobs out here so we moved.
it doesn't it doesn't seem like you hear that often that people are adopted but I know two of our friends are also adopted. He's adopted I guess or and I'm like it must happen more often than people realize.
What?
Yeah I guess there was a slim chance some DNA skipped a generation that happened. There are those twin girls I forget. I think it's the father is white and, and they're twins and one is dark and one's white and people,
What? But yeah. So are you an only child?
I have a brother. Yeah. We terrorized each other a lot. We didn't have a very like the bonded relationship. I guess you could say it was pseudo bonded because we didn't like hang out and talk together. Play cards together. We played uh, like a twisted version of cops and robbers where we'd run, run after each other with a knife. You're a kid, you don't have the concept of the damage it can do. We were latchkey kids, my mom was gone, so nobody was there to tell us that's dangerous. Oh yeah.
definitely. Makes for some interesting stories. Yeah. Yeah.
And one of the times, I actually, it's funny enough, I got injured more than him, even though I was the older suddenly the time we were like, we took wet hand towels, we had to do the dishes and we both hated it. And we got dipped one end in the water and started smacking each other in the head. Well, he with his back, it wrapped around one of my mom's decorations and slammed me in the head with a night of stitches.
Another time alone, obviously. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Well, maybe for a story and you laugh. So there's a,
yeah, it's kind of been my motto about life in general. It's not always easy, but you can laugh or you can cry about it. I choose the lot.
Yeah. Both of them are the ones taking a year off of college because of Covid because again, lockdown, you can't do any of the social stuff. And I completely understand if if I was 20 years old and uh, yeah, I was, I could go to the campus and just sit in my dorm. I wouldn't pay
check. Yeah.
Yeah.
Look,
All
And then you have the flip side. I forget where it was, but I know somewhere back east when they first did all the things of no large gatherings, nobody's going to social stuff on campus. And then about three weeks later it came out there were huge spreader events because these sororities got together anyway and had their party.
Well, hopefully we will. Uh, I hope I'm not stepping on any toes. Hopefully the orange clown will be out. I never
vote
for
my home
state of them.
Hey?
What?
Unfortunately it may be physical force to a victim but
Uh huh.
it felt like a death hit occur.
And
then and then unfortunately literal death drink it's turned.
No. Yeah, they've actually, I think I'm trying to remember what it was called. There was some actor, it was a show I never watched, it was supposed to be a parody of our elected officials focused on the White House and uh the year he got elected or the yeah. Within the same timeframe they said they beat I think is what it was called. Yeah, came together and decided to cancel the show because they said they couldn't write anything that was more ridiculous than what they were. Oh
Mhm. But it gives us, they do it in such a way with the way they physically act it out, you can laugh at it. Yeah.
What?
Yeah, I bought a bottle of whiskey for this election, praying. Yeah, but
hopefully things will get better and
but I do, I have to say I have to agree with, I think Colbert said it that other people said it too, but he said it really well that um as as horrible as trump is he is not the the cost, he just inflamed what was already going on and that we need to address it. I don't know how
yeah, I mean my neighbors across the street there has been a personal example of that to me because he's, he's a really sweet guy. He's always the first to offer to help. We trust him with our garage code to come into our house and were gone and I have to ask him to turn off the oven a couple of times and we weren't coming home and we thought and he thinks trump is a better option. I don't I don't even understand where you're coming here. Yeah,
were the liberal, we're in Vancouver Washington which on the way they vote is liberal um concentrated. But I've learned since we have lived in this part of the city that the east side of Vancouver is still very conservative which we are you got to be in the center to the west is where all the people who did not like get don't live. But that is another thing I've learned is people even I was under the impression we lived in Idaho that Washington is blue. It's actually only from like the cascades west, it is blue. The other side is all conservative. And so yeah we we did vote for biden but we also voted for Jaime Herrera Butler who I can't and because she was the local representatives, Senate representative and I guess the conservatives came out in droves for her yet again. We keep trying to vote her out and keep getting stuck with.
was I had mixed feelings, I thought he would make a good president but I didn't want to lose him, I was
going to um but he really, I don't know him personally but there's a lot of truth to the fact that he walks the walk. He lives in a smaller home. He uses mass transit, he uses an electric car and I like Bernie for the same reason because they do what they propose other people do. Yeah. Yeah and then so we have him and I think largely because of Seattle where my my son now lives, I'll give credit. Uh and then we end up with a rare butler who keeps trying to give away the the indigenous people land and uh but I I try to look at the positive stuff when I hear about this, I look for the positive, like it sounds like lindsey graham and mitch McConnell might be under investigation kind to
manipulate the election
and they
yeah I think Colbert said that to uh it feels like it's over, but I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop the way that your is gone. Uh huh
But yeah it's it's been interesting, I have definitely sub the heck of a lot less as kids are vectors for illness, especially when they're yeah the only ones are living in the building right now, I mean a normal kid doesn't really yet, it someone who isn't really fully aware of their surroundings or their interactions with people gets it even less. Oh.
Uh huh. Yeah so how did you end up working for IKEA?
Jordan
you
really impressed them?
My
husband's management in the I. T. Field and yeah he has people make new emails to reapply. You do it
You
guys
don't
zoom meetings?
what?
So
what exactly does the marketing manager business degree do for you?
Hm.
You plug in what's for sale in the prices?
know a couple of people like not personally but through someone who have done marketing as a major and I started wondering what exactly do you do for a job?
Mhm. Well that's a possibility for my other child because they still don't figure it out what they're doing.
Um No there there that's the one that's taking the year off.
Psychology. Yeah.
I honestly don't know, I can't
say anything. I majored in english, a
lot of people say that was a waste of my time, but it got me the ability to do something for the school district I wouldn't have had otherwise. So
honestly after like right after I got my degree, we moved out here and then for the first couple of years it was just juggling the kids because they were younger when I started trying to re enter the work field, my health started to go downhill because I found out I had autoimmune it shoes. I didn't know that's why I'm doing the on call stuff. Yeah.
yeah,
hopefully the, yeah, trying to look forward instead of finding out about all that. So. But yeah another I guess it's dark humor but another humorous thing that happened to me, it's just all part of 2020. I was taking a martial arts class in the park. This guy was actually has been a lifelong master and he was giving it for free and uh grabbed me in a in a like um if somebody sneaks up behind you and grab you to try and uh rob you or something and I was supposed to get out of it. Well he already told us over and over again twist from your ball of your foot, twist from the ball of your foot. Well, I did exactly what he said not to do and twisted from my knee. Oh
that was in february, I had to have surgery and I couldn't get it till june because of covid.
Um I tore my A. C. O. My M. C. L. And almost entirely disconnected the tendon that's in the middle of your whole neat,
the doctors were baffled that I was able to do that much damage just trying to pull out hold. I'm like I'm stubborn.
No I literally couldn't walk. I had to be on crutches and I had felt getting in and out of bed. It was not fun.
And
no
jen. But yeah I again back to the stubborn the doctors told me I can't walk till december and I went I don't think so when I started working in september
yeah. Yeah. Always twist from the ball of your foot. Not a joint.
Well they did say that
I probably wouldn't have injured myself as badly but I have arthritis damage and there already that compounded it.
Hopefully you stay healthy.
Berlin sorry, my dogs ripping around. What are you
doing?
You're fine. Oh.
she's a girl. Yeah,
ruins.
Yeah, she's
won an outdoor dog. But she's being Africa, I found out because we adopted her from the Humane Society. Africa dogs have very thin hair, just like curly hair on him. And so even though we have the house of 70, she still gets a little cold jacket off all winter.
No, she trying to shake it off at first, but pretty quickly kind of figured out what it was not going
to.
Yes, I know. I'm not paying attention to expand of the world. Okay.
yeah. I hope you continue to enjoy your job.
Yeah. And and both of us hope the next four years or better.
Yeah, I hope so. For years. I'm not sure. I can say that anymore.
Yeah, it was nice meeting you too.