yes.
I'm like,
what? Can you hear me? Let me see. You can see you.
Okay. All right, Can you see me
okay, cool. I can see you too.
no, this
is just something you have good eyesight. This is just some, this is like a, some decorative thing. I've no, it's just a bunch of random picture. I got it from target. Yeah.
yeah,
So today I was working, um,
I work from home. I worked for Bankia, um,
in the marketing department, so that's what I did today. Um, and yeah, and then I just, I stopped
around five and hopped on here. So how
about,
yeah, I'm on the, I'm in pennsylvania. Well,
where are you?
You're watching? Okay. It's like what your two PM there, wow. Okay, interesting.
you have to select your times and when you sign up for this, but I guess they totally disregard that.
nuts.
Yeah. So what do you do with, what's your day job?
Yeah
no I'm in I'm in york county so I'm at the bottom of the state but in philadelphia they just announced that they're going fully virtual for the best through I think through the first of the year. Yeah
Uh my goodness. What? Mhm. So are you are you a teacher by like is that are you a teacher by professor?
That
moment
yeah I never had that moment. I never got it.
sorry you do the math or english or all of it?
Oh my gosh it sounds
like,
yeah sounds like horribly inefficient to be honest. I mean there should be a better way, wow okay
so how's how's Washington other than that?
No by all Me.
no wow.
Are you on the are you on the side closest to the ocean or you on the side more inland
and watch?
You
know?
But
Oh wow. That's disappointing. Really. That's yeah. So do you ever do you ever go to California? Okay.
One of the Dakotas there wrote this name really is a difference.
Yeah. So did you grow up in in Washington?
Oh that's a bummer.
And
what? So that's great because I've lived in the same house my whole life, so that's wild to hear
people who have moved around like and that was my nightmare was moving like I I actually probably one of the most shameful things I did as a kid was my parents talked about moving so important and I overheard them and so my bright idea was to carve my name in the kitchen cabinet with the night so that they couldn't sell the house or something. I don't know what my plan was but it's still there like my it's still in the cabinet.
Yeah it was they didn't think it was funny but like I do. But yeah so that some. That's crazy. So did you what was it like growing up just bouncing around the country?
that's
So you decided to stay in Washington? Um Was that like the last place you moved? And then you said to say
that.
Yeah. One that's why I'm adopted too. So that's interesting for your husband's adapted me. Woo.
Yeah and a lot of sometimes people want to talk about, we never talked about growing up, I was never even told I was adopted but my parents are white so I guess I just put it together at some
point. But yeah. So.
I think I've seen stuff like that, genetics are so weird.
I am an only child so yeah I I had kind of the double whammy, I was adopted an only child so I was quite spoiled. I'm not gonna lie. Well it was nice. How about you? Do you have siblings?
I it sounds like I missed out.
wow.
Oh my gosh.
Well and then you have to like go to the doctor and explain what happened and that's probably so embarrassing. That's funny.
Well not really but you know.
it doesn't make her a good story to think for a good story, wow.
Mhm. Yeah. So that's so do you have Children yourself? Okay.
No. So is that their first year or
Yeah.
So It's not as I was in college last year graduate in 2019 so like I just missed all this.
Um I just like narrowly avoided that train wreck but
I can't imagine it's I've heard some crazy things of people like how they're doing online schooling and stuff and it just sounds like not fun at all. But. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah, that's how that's how it wasn't at my school, people, people would get together and now it's like a hot spot and it's like they canceled class so you wouldn't get together. But it did, it totally backfired. It's gosh. Yeah.
I
think
he was
thankful
that
was, oh gosh that's I saw this thing, it was like Trump, got the full 2020 experience. He got code that he lost his job
and he got evicted like pretty good accident.
But yeah. God
That was yeah, that was my first like adult, that was the first presidential election I voted and was 2016. Um and that was just such a, I was in college at the time, so it was just really wild to experience it that way, you know, like a liberal, the suburban Philly area. It was just, it was quite a time. I mean, I remember the day after it was like very somber and people were like, just, it was like a death had occurred. It was quite,
yeah, I mean, it kind of in some ways, yeah. Her gosh, that was
loyal.
yeah, just gosh, but that, that really was like, I'm sad about all the things that happened, but it was kind of neat to like be an adult and be like aware of what was going on. I always been a politics junkie, but it was just, it was really surreal to be like living through it, being like this is gonna be like a history book one day. Like the kids are not gonna believe it at all. I mean if this were a tv show, it would have been have been cut by now because I don't think anybody would buy it.
You watched saturday night live ever? Oh my gosh. It's like to the point they just like repeat what people say verbatim because they're like, we can't even write anything more ridiculous than this. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And then you remember that it's real and this
is really happening.
Oh
I I do hope things things improve. Um Yeah.
Just a symptom of the cause. Yeah.
Washington is a pretty blue state, But are you are you in like a like a are you in like a liberal area or is it more like?
Oh goodness you have jay inslee? Right. So what was that like when you're governor was running for president? Yeah. Oh
that's
Gosh
the Lord
said what's a mess like that's when you think the season's over, the writers come in and just we gotta add one more twist to it.
Crazy.
Yeah. Gosh
So I started um so I graduated from college in 2019 with a marketing degree and um I was working um I went to school just outside of Philly in Westchester and then I got a marketing job at a marketing agency. Um We were popular. Main clientele was higher ed. And so I was there in center city Philly for a year um Hated it. And then the pandemic happened and I was like well now is the time to get out. So we went remote. Um I came back home new york and then I was just like I'm just gonna I'm just gonna go. So I always loved a key, like I'd always want to work for a K. I thought was just like I don't have ever been doing okay. Um But
I just I thought it was like the coolest place ever, the first time I went there. And um I literally told my parents that I want to work for a key one day and and this job just popped up, I was just looking for jobs and um while I was working my other job and I um I just applied and I didn't, I didn't get the job and I was like well that sucks, and then a few weeks later they opened up another position, the same one, they were hiring a second person and I tried to apply again and the system was like no you just supplied, you can't apply, so it wouldn't let me. So I just made another fake email and applied and I got an interview the next day and I was hired within like a week. So yeah, so
I was
yeah I must have, I mean I was like so paranoid they find out that I made another, you know, I applied again but they never did so that's what you have
done.
I'm like this isn't gonna stop me. So yep, so I work remotely, we are, the headquarters is just outside of philadelphia and Conshohocken and I went there one time just to pick up my computer and I met my boss. Um and that was the only time I've ever, I've never met anybody on my team really, I don't think I ever will because we're just remote indefinitely. Um They're cutting the office and we're just gonna all be work from home, so I guess I guess
I'll never
see
him.
Know, what would you do zoom. Yeah. Yeah, but I've never, like, I've never like physically met anybody like that. I yeah, so I'm on zoom makes with it all the time,
but like I I've never seen him in real life, so that's interesting,
but
um well the degree, it's helpful, it got me too. I hear. Um It's yeah, I mean I learned some pretty useful things. Um I used I think I used my degree a lot more when I was at the marketing agency because I was already ads. I was um you know I was writing like blog posts and things so that was like a little more marketing focus um
Like the traditional sense but now I'm an online content specialist is my position so I actually just like manage the website um like the front end of it so um just anything you see appear on the website. Um I probably like put it there.
Yeah that's exactly what I plug in, what's for sale, like update the store hours like oh there's a fire in California and all of our stores are closing, you know we got to go in there and update the hours and stuff like that so people know and yeah so that's what I do. Yeah.
Yeah there's there's so much you can do. Um So it's it's a it's a pretty it's nice in that way and that you're you know you're not stuck in one thing but because you don't you know you know a little about a lot of things so a little hard to specialize unless you really want to. But yeah, it's just kind of one of those catch all degrees that you can you know, go do a lot with.
Okay, are they still in high school
this one together? Okay. What was your major before?
That's yeah that's a that's a popular one. I think that's going to be very necessary with I think a lot of people gonna need therapy after all of this. So yeah that's probably a good and there's a lot you can do with that too. Right.
Cook.
Cool. No that's cool.
Mhm. But with the teacher like your whole life or did you do? Were you?
Sorry to hear about that. But yeah that's yeah. Okay.
Mm.
Oh that just sounds bad.
Did you like tear your A. C. L. Or something
wow. So you basically just need a whole new knee is what that is. I mean that's just like it looks like wow
wow. That's awful though. So questions like from february to june, did you just like not walk?
No, that's terrible. So
are you better like can you walk down? I mean I'm sure that ended your martial arts career
but
Yeah wow. Uh Because usually you hear those type of injuries, people are like skiing or something and like it's something really dramatic like not just like twisting.
Okay, I'm going to remember that. Yeah I was I was in a bunch of sports growing up like I never had like a really bad injury so you're lucky in that way But yeah.
No.
Yeah blush that pesky preexisting condition Gotcha man.
Yeah so too yeah. Gosh that's wild. Oh my goodness.
No.
No.
Oh my gosh. Is that a boy or girl? Girl? Girl
Well what's her name?
Rohan in her little jacket
and then.
That's really cute. Does she mind the jacket or?
it
wasn't coming off that spends you though.
Hey wow dog. Well I think we have reached our time on so I guess we're free to to go but it was a pleasure talking to you out in Washington. I hope I think I hope your knee feels better. I hope you get some subbing jobs. All kinds of things. But
thank you. Yeah I'll try.
Yeah I mean they have to be really that can't be won.
Yes. Well there's no bottom to this pit maybe. Mhm. All right. Well I will see it was lovely talking to you.
It's yeah