as the on
one second.
What's up man?
Yeah yeah. Sorry I was just getting my music turned off.
Oh yeah, no worries, how you doing?
I'm not interrupting your dinner snack time.
No not if you don't mind me not eating or My son
jumping in here a little bit.
He
Yeah, whereabouts are you?
Uh I'm in Seattle right now.
Where
in southern
California
little bit. I grew up in sacramento, so
kind of familiar but I didn't spend too much time in in southern California.
I came here for school so maybe like in 2000 I came up here to go to art school basically. Um Yeah
pretty much. It's nice, it's nice here.
How far north have you been?
Okay, I was pretty up there,
it's like kind of goes a little bit like once you get out of northern California until like uh southern Oregon it starts to get like kind of warm and more dry again. And then once you get back up to like middle of Oregon and then kind
of all the way up from there, it's like evergreen trees and water and stuff like that. It's pretty cool. Yeah so
I liked it.
I don't
I
don't miss the heat, I'll tell you that. Yeah the heat is and then I guess like all my relatives in sacramento right now we're like uh
like all the fires and stuff is going on right now
there.
I don't know about the blackouts, I haven't heard about that.
Maybe in the Bay Area or something maybe.
Have
you?
That's not bad. Was that recently?
Very normal.
two days. A couple days ago,
Makes a big difference.
I know. We we just got a an air conditioner installed in our house last last year. So last year was our first summer with air conditioning. Like it doesn't get super hot here
all the
time but when it does get warm like you know you notice it so more and more people are definitely getting air conditioners nowadays
so it's nice. Mhm.
Yeah. What kind of do you just get like a little window unit or something?
I was the whole house thing. Oh nice.
Yeah so we got to we had like the little like a portable units that you can kind of move around and put the hose out the window and stuff. Uh Those are okay but it just didn't get the whole house cold, you know?
Yeah. Was it like 90 or 100 down there today?
Hunt or something? Yeah. That's about perfect here. I don't mean to brag like 72 sonny, I'm actually in like a urology.
Yeah.
Mhm
Nice
water, little breeze.
Is
southern California
is like sprawling. Yeah,
I think
this is
a, let's say 123 this is the first time I've done it. And third time I think in this like group, I did one I think yesterday more yesterday morning with a woman who is in the Bronx. And
so that was, that was an interesting conversation. She was kind of an older lady, very chatty but super, super, super cool and uh had an interesting perspective on everything that's going on right now. And uh and then, but the other two conversations I've had have been just like kind of young dudes in the midwest, basically like one guy was in, I think Nebraska and another guy was maybe in like Tennessee or Oklahoma or something like that.
And there, But
it's
interesting.
it's kind
of interesting.
Okay, just talking to random people,
I'm
not really sure. Maybe just to see like how people converse a little bit or
They have
all
of our facial expressions.
All I know is I'm getting paid a little bit of money, which is nice.
I've been like, I do like the prolific stuff and I do some survey sites and like panels and things like that and mostly just like amazon gift cards and either kind of like household stuff. Uh, so nothing really exciting but like, you know, bits and pieces that we need around the house. But uh, the other thing that I try to save for a little bit more is like a, like a V equipment. So like last year I saved up enough for like a nice tv. And
it was just sort of something like I was
like, I wonder if I could make enough to do that and it was the first time I had really try to and
I made a decent amount and enough for like almost a full year.
I saved up every all of it and bought like a super nice tv on black friday and so now I'm sort of like getting some nice speakers to match with it but I don't know, it's just kind of fun money. Extra money.
How about how about you?
Oh yeah, it's like technology usually.
No,
he bought it but just
headed.
that's okay. Who she had it though? You set a goal and you made the goal as
accounts?
Sit
Like I didn't even really need a T. V. I was just like wow what a nice T. V. I kept going into like Costco and like you know as you walk into Costco they have all these really nice TVs there like I wonder if I could save up enough for one of those. So yeah I mostly use uh I've been using slag
books, most swag books it's like surveys and
all
it's it can be like it can be a real grind to get through sometimes but they have like these other sort of side offers for like you can play little mobile games and earn money that way. Or like spend a certain amount of this store, this trial thing
and they
give you a bunch of money for that just did that kind of stuff. And then I started doing prolific maybe. Mhm.
Not that long ago really, a few months ago maybe like in March april and I like it a lot more.
It's way more interesting. Way
better, way better paying. Yeah.
Yeah, it's like,
you
know,
how many like insurance surveys can you do? Or how many, you know, surveys about cell phones or toilet paper or you know, every now and again I would get something interesting, but it's not very much.
Yeah, I did
one,
go ahead.
I was going to say I did during the whole quarantine time. I happened to get on one that was like a plant based cheese. So nondairy cheese. And basically they sent me like a whole bunch of fake cheese and they were like try all these cheeses and tell us what you think and they were mostly pretty gross, but
more
one on one or two of them were like maybe maybe
deodorant.
huh.
why not?
Yeah, I did one for like uh razors. Like a shaving razor. It was like a, you know like a Gillette or something like that. But some off like no brand. They're like try this for a little while like a week. Tell us what you think. It was like 50 bucks, so that's not too bad.
I had this epic beard at the time. I was like, I'll shave it for 50 bucks.
Yeah. Get tired of it. It'll grow back. Yeah. So nice.
penguin. You got back there?
Action.
Mhm. You gotta you work job?
How
interesting,
Start trouble.
Yeah. Well that's good. I'm glad someone's doing that stuff. Does it seem like it helps? Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like court ordered or anything or or is it just more like you have nothing else? Let's go do this.
Is it only youth that you do that you deal with?
So that's a tough, tough age for people who don't know what they're doing,
People.
The people are they pretty willing to do it generally, or? Yeah.
Is that like a center somewhere?
That's
That was great. Yeah.
Yeah. Is that to help like combat like homeless and just wayward youth? Yeah.
Yeah,
that's for us,
but that's what, you know, instead of just being harsh on people or whatever, you know, it's good to kind of give them avenues of outlets. That's that's cool.
Uh So you help do like art activities and stuff like that? Oh that's awesome.
Well I work in the Hearts so
I worked with that,
I went to art school so I came to Seattle to go to the animation school and went through that finish that. And while I was in school I got a job at the art museum here locally, just like part time kind of stuff in the in the gift shop. But then after I finished school I was like this is kind of fun and we'll see where this might go and I wasn't totally sold on like the animation side of things. Uh I'd like to paint and draw and stuff like that but I never really enjoyed the animation that much. I did like design design work and that kind of stuff like logos and all that, which also was not very exciting,
but
What
is
that, what you have your, your, your guys doing?
I'm sure,
I'm sure they do. Well, I don't, I don't draw ferries, but
exactly, I have a standards, I have standards, but so I work at the museum here still, but I'm an art handler, so I
help install exhibitions and take down exhibitions and move hard around that kind of stuff. It's pretty cool. Pretty fun job.
It's a job that a lot of people don't know exists, so
I
kind of stumbled
on it and was like, oh, this is fun, this is cool.
Yeah, exactly, so you know that Monet comes up, you want to be sure that someone knows how to handle it.
mm hmm. Yeah, let's see, there was a basquiat
uh jean jean Michel basquiat, which
jean Michel basquiat, He's a pop artist and he was friends with Andy Warhol and he had a piece come up for auction. Uh, oh, and some guys in Japan bought it, but he wanted to keep it in the States for a while and I think that might be the one that was sold like the most at auction at the time. And this was maybe two years ago, three years ago or something like that.
I think it was like hundreds of millions of dollars.
yeah, they like men, like movies and documentaries made about the guy and he's very interesting artist who's like a street artist basically. I think he might have been in a homeless guy that sort of Andy Warhol kind of stumbled on and uh
really like mentored, which was pretty cool. And of course like he got involved in the scene and uh, sort of took off on his own basically. And he did come to a tragic end early, I think he overdosed or something like that. So
he was a very young artist who had a lot of promise and lived
quickly and died quickly essentially. All
Yeah, so that is definitely one of them. But like all of the impressionist artists and stuff like that, Monet van Goghs, picassos, all those
kinds of things.
Yeah,
so it's pretty fun to, you know, get
to see that stuff away from people and
exactly.
I get to see like behind the art, which not a lot of people get to see or you know,
just
like
on the back side, you
know?
Yeah, like where
the hangers
hangers sometimes it's nothing, but sometimes they're like the artist has written things or there is uh stickers from like every show it's been in its entire
life,
you know? So you can see, oh it's been too, it's
like, you know those old suitcases that used to have all those stickers all over him, you know, you can see especially if it's an old old one, like something from the 16 hundreds or whatever. Like there's proof of that life of that art for hundreds of years,
which is very cool. So yeah,
it's mostly pretty neat to like having gone to art school or even not even going to art school, but like seeing certain paintings in life and pop culture and whatever and
then to see them in real life and be like, it's very interesting, you know, get
a whole different perspective on it.
But anyways, yeah, it's a kind of a fun job. I enjoy it.
But you know, I work at a nonprofit so I don't make a ton of money so
I do
what
I
do extra stuff
yeah nonprofit life
nonprofit
arts.
Exactly. You get to connect with people who are interested in the same things maybe. And uh
that's that's cool. So.
Yeah I got to spend some more time in southern California and visit the museums down there.
I know
The Getty and
Lacma all those places. Yeah I've
never been. Uh
Yeah
it's the observation kind of pulling
up. Yeah.
Well
easy
and
that's nice. Our museum is not free,
they
kind of charge people a lot honestly. But.
I think it's like 2025 bucks
maybe.
Like we have a we have a pretty wide variety of art, anything from like ancient uh
Middle Eastern Egyptian kind of ancient world kind of stuff to like
brand new contemporary art and pretty much everything in between. So
lot of like uh Native Northwest stuff. Uh Some like meso american collection and the people who started the family who started the museum
here was really into asian art. And so they have like a huge asian art collection.
we have a whole separate museum here, that's only asian art. So.
yeah. What kind would you like?
Yeah exactly. We've
we've
kind of found you know in Seattle there's a lot of like new software
people like Microsoft and amazon and Zillow and like all the internet companies uh you know they're in your guys this neck of the woods too. But some of the big rich guys are here and like they don't collect art, like all the new guys, they don't give a crap about art basically.
So it's kind of a challenge because seems like a lot of like the old world money, like East coast and even like the getty and stuff like that, they're like into the arts and culture and spreading it to the populists and not not just about like collecting things, but like sharing those things.
So you know what it means? People aren't as interested in that now, I think. So it's kind of a challenge. But which is why we charge an admission I think.
Finished.
It's very true.
Yeah. With the internet and stuff. Uh
audiences
out there somewhere. Rule 30 real 34. Yeah.
That's
fun thing to do, scary sometimes with fun.
Man.
Especially I think there's one that I'm subscribed to called while this sub exists and basically like some, you know, people scour all those and we'll post them onto this single place and it's just like it's the most like weird and obscure stuff.
Hi. Mhm. Cool, man. Well, this is nice. I think we've pretty close to it to our time.
Same. Same. I'm josh
Hager, Nice to meet you man. No, it's all right.
would be
like at the at the end, usually I'd be like, I'm so and so by the way, you know,
Well, nice to meet you. Eggar. Good luck.
Good luck out there.
Take
right. Take care. Bye.