shall we do? You have to fight for your spots and once those stuff? Oh right now my microphone test it up. Yeah. Mm Yeah yeah. Can you, can you hear me? Hello? Right mm hmm. Mhm Yeah. You know what the future to you? You'll be able to watch tv with headphones one. Mhm. Mhm Yeah and you can have it connected to your computer or your phone because the headphones that were getting its multi has melted away support so you can listen you can have it connected tomorrow one device that's the future. Okay. Yes. Super confused. Uh huh. Many mhm. Uh we're full up. Uh well not phone. Yeah. Yeah. Hey can you hear me? Yeah
I think it's very good.
Yeah you know I think we just both finish eating. Okay.
I think we both just finished shooting. Can you hear me?
I was trying to fix my microphone earlier. That's right thank
you. Yeah.
a little but it's okay if you don't mind me eating.
Hey
please
babe actually
I'm in southern California. Where are you from?
goodness yeah
thank
you
mm I look at 11 riverside I don't know if you know the area
Well
mm So immediately decided move to Seattle.
and then you just stay there forever.
no I can't imagine. I've been well I've never been as lords at Seattle yeah
so like humble Mhm
Yes I don't know I don't know if it continues by mps is sort of similar
problem
that's
nice it's a lot better than being out here in the middle of the desert
I can't do
that.
well they're dying
Oh yeah I can imagine.
And they have blackouts too.
That's well
oh yeah we've had one black out
but
it only lasted for like five minutes.
mm. Yeah it was like maybe
thursday thursday friend ready?
Yeah it was you know I've lived in this house for maybe holding my hand like about 20 years 20 years I lived in this house but we barely got an air conditioning system this year so
I don't know how I did it for the past 20 years.
Don't
you?
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
I thought I can't afford it but it wasn't that bad
like a whole house.
Yeah.
Yeah and we did the math and we would use more electricity with each room having the like the local air conditioning unit and the whole entire house so they just worked out better.
It was 100 something,
Oh, that's nice. That's super nice.
Oh man.
And what I would do have that weather. Yeah, you
will.
Mhm Because when I read this is the, I think the third time I've done this, whenever I tell them in southern California, they just assume I'm by the ocean, I don't like an hour away,
so they're like, oh, you have like the nice,
nicely.
so it's like they're
always
coming.
Whoa.
Well
I got a lady
from
Arizona and a guy from new york I think and then a girl from Minnesota,
it
looks good. Mhm
mm hmm. I wonder what it is they're doing.
I don't know what
Maybe. Maybe, maybe they're just hoping that one of us kept famous and they'll make a deep fake and you're like 25 minutes like,
like
that.
Two black notes. Yeah. Let us back. Okay.
What are you gonna what are you gonna buy your money? Yeah.
Good.
How?
Problem
time.
Mm I'll find out something I think. I don't know what you've done, but
Yeah, I don't even know what I'm gonna buy right now. But last year I did the same thing, but I was just trying to buy an ipad.
And then I didn't use it at all.
I
was like
I'm gonna buy I'm gonna buy an ipad Pro so that I can learn how to draw. And then I only use it for like a week. I mean I used it a lot more now for something completely different, like it's never the same.
it
was it was a lot of grain Yeah, I was
told about a tv now I'm thinking about it Yeah,
swagger.
No, I've heard
I'm in it for a little bit, but then I just start doing
And
about
Uh huh
Yeah, it is a lot better
we're
because that's that's why I stopped doing fragments because it was it was it was really gravy,
it felt like
I was
thinking animal except in your life.
Yeah. Not at all because
I
know
Oh no, you go ahead.
I think about that. I've
got I've got some deodorant is
who all I've got is the appearance
of a shaving cream. But it was I don't know about your cheese but it was like an uh
like uh they didn't want to know, they didn't want me to know what the brand was. It was just like a brand Liz a container and it just said like deodorant number 3000 and four and it's like, yeah,
I was like I should like this on my body. Didn't even know.
Oh that's that's really good. That's severe. Had totally died for 40 $15 mm.
Whoa.
Come on.
Oh thank you.
Make often got it for me but Mhm.
Oh I work at a uh use counsel counseling. I don't even know how to explain it because it didn't really exist outside of my county. I think it's for um, so there's different tiers of mental health, right? Goes from month for, for being the most severe. I'm being like the passion anxiety four is like a severe, which is like personality disorders that people who have schizophrenia, stuff like that. So we service tier one through four. Um, and but my job is trying to get them to come to the center too. Like do groups like art therapy
or
play board games, just things to get them out of the streets. Because if there's a type of kids where if they're bored and they don't have anything to do,
yeah, they'll just be a street.
Yeah.
100%. Because we dragged them in how you don't document, but
Sometimes it's court ordered. But what's the time? Um, it's like a, like a like uh, we covered a full service partnership. So we have like a place where they can go and hang with peers that are sort of like themselves. And then they usually signed up to receive counseling through US case management services and medication. So it's like a whole thing where they just go there and then we do all that and it gives them like sort of like a a platform where they can build their lives.
From 16 to 26. Yeah.
And after, but after 26
they're all shit. They're on their own sort of six for them.
They, they only come on their own free will. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah. But here in, in my county we have um, the one in san Marino was the first one I think in the whole country. But we have for now in the county and then in the county that I live in, we have to, so it's
starting to spread slowly. Yeah.
other cities can get it because the need is definitely there. Yeah.
Yeah, because we're the only were the only uh uh center that offers housing in the whole county. So like, let's say you're homeless or you got kicked out of your parents or something like that and you're looking for housing, we're the only place and then, but we don't even got housing in november before that if you're homeless, you're sort of out of like, yeah,
but
Mhm. Thank you.
but my job pretty fun. I just say good news all day or to our Yeah.
There
you do. Oh
you said you were, you went to art school?
because I
was going through it. There's a very very massive market for Rule 34
things
our animation.
No but a lot of them surprisingly
have a lot of freeze.
So at least you hold yourself to that side.
And
Yeah I know some fun.
Yeah but every now I mean they have to be there somehow you know and
you
know what
yeah and you wanna you wanna trust to who's handling your heart you know?
Damn what's the most expensive thing you've had you've had?
Mhm. Where I'm gonna go?
I'm with you.
Look,
wow, I don't think, I think the only thing I've seen of his is the crown, that's the thing that I recognize the most.
Yeah.
what?
Come on.
Yeah, I'm seeing is that right now?
True.
you handle of those Oh,
them damn
second.
Yeah. You don't have that. Like go through a whole crowd of people. Yeah.
I'll have that would probably get closer than pretty much
like,
like on the canvas way or whatever
it
the back
side.
What's
that like?
There
10,
No.
Well,
that's
Well,
Well,
yeah, that's really cool.
No, I can see, I can see how that's a pretty good job.
I
know.
I
know.
No, no, it's a center for me. Mind's a nonprofit to so
I know
it is.
But the dogs are fired.
Mhm.
But who knows that girls aloud later? I don't know.
Oh, there's a bunch.
There's so many.
No
But that's,
you should go to both of the Gettys. They're just nice.
There's some one of them what we're looking is on a cliff. I don't know if you know what,
so,
Yeah, it's on a cliff you're overlooking uh uh santa Monica. The santa Monica. And then the other one is on a cliff I think on the ocean. And that's the fella down
has like older older on. But the
museum really nice and they're
free, so.
It's
not funny
how much? Yeah.
Is it worth it
maybe?
Well
What
Places like that?
thanks
then Uh huh.
Must be nice. That must be nice to be incredibly rich and just to choose what are you up
mm I don't know
I never
know.
come on.
Camera.
Showing
Hello? Yeah but
I mean it's uh it's I don't think it's ever been as easy to make our incidents now so
people are coming out.
For
people.
sometimes I go on dear use ready ready. I'll go uh just take random let's let's
click. Right
so I mean I've seen it all and
even things I didn't even know existed.
Oh you can hear me thank you. Hi.
Yeah. It was nice talking to you though.
Yeah. Oh, thank you.
I don't even think I have not I don't even think I knew any of my other persons names. Could
you get
they were never even asked. Well, yeah.
That's funny.
Thank you. Good
luck to you. Right.