Yeah, mm. Mhm. Something yeah. Okay. Mhm. It's all mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I have a question for the people who gain for our yeah. Yeah. Okay.
All
Hello?
Yeah. Can you hear me?
Sweet? Um I'll start the timer on my phone for 25 minutes to make sure that we like do the whole time.
Get that bread
so high.
I'm going to hurt you.
I am in Ohio where are you?
Okay. So you've got significantly better weather than me.
super gross outside. Very gray and cold and windy. It was actually
like,
sorry
what?
We have flurries um like November one or something, but they only lasted a little bit because all of a sudden or whether like shifted weirdly last week to where it was actually like in the Upper 70s. Um it's already dipped back down but it was like we had this weird
spurt of good weather for a hot second. So Yeah.
Oh yeah I'm working from home right now so every single day it was either outside working or would take a nice long walk at lunch or something. Yeah. Are you
working
from home?
Yeah I think I lost it.
Um I can hear and see you now. You broke up for one second a minute ago but you're back now.
Yeah. I've
heard some mixed reviews back
and forth.
Probably that girl processing core in there. I just feel like they say it works the same but I'm just like can you really like fit the same amount in like a completely
flat surface?
Yeah. Being maybe pushed a little to its limits.
So before you broke up you're saying you're a teacher, what grade do you teach or?
Oh that's crazy weird world.
I'm sure. I don't know, I figure everybody is like um hopefully employers allow them to work from home so they can maybe like help out with kids and stuff and making sure that they're actually doing their schoolwork, so the ones that didn't come back, they're all just virtual. Oh.
We're
Yeah. Yeah, and I imagine too, you know, at that age where it's like your parents are giving you more of a leeway to like, okay, sit here and do your work, I'm gonna go in the other room and do my work, there's not
like as
much of the
overseeing. I Yes.
You
know,
I'm wondering
how all of this is going to affect like the socialization of the younger generations because gen z was already like more nervous and overly cautious and um like any other generation before now, sorry, my dog's about to join us. Um so adding
onto that, um not being around other kids, yikes.
thanks.
I feel like we're gonna wind up with one super awkward generation that would be in their thirties and so calling their parents like, okay, I gotta make a doctor's appointment, but you got called for me,
it'll
get here eventually.
so
yeah, um so I have a friend that she's like, she's hopelessly single, like she's been single for ever, pretty much, and we, up until all this, we were always constantly joking around that my friend Jordan her dream or she's just waiting for him to walk into her house and introduced himself. I'm just like staying here, I'm like, that's going to be all of these kids, we're gonna see even like worse of a decline in like the whatever that's called, where it's like the newer generations are replacing, the people are dying out or whatever. We're going to see that even more because everybody's just gonna be like, well, you know what, I can't Uber eats a boyfriend, so I guess I'm just waiting within
rumble.
Oh my God, I'm just imagining so many like um chicken soup for the teenage souls. Like I met my soul mate at, you know, 17 when they finally showed up with my cheesecake uber eats from cheesecake factory. Oh, thanks.
it
kind destroys up. Oh man,
don't
be
crazy.
Yeah, I can't imagine when I was in college I did exactly one class online purely just to like kill the credit. That was my worst class. Like it
was hard and that
was me an actual adult who could self motivate, you know? So it's like
No, I can't deal with that. And I've heard um alive that especially
like the older teachers and stuff, they don't, I mean at least I've heard from some students that it sounds like there's difficulty equating the remote life to the home life, and I'm sure part of it is just kids not managing their time well, but in some cases it sounds like people are getting bogged down with more work because it's like, oh I'm not seeing you, so you got to do something? Oh
my
Did your school system between um
spring ending that class? I don't remember what it's called, Changing grade levels, wherever between spring and then to serve this school year. Did they adopt a new system or did your school district adopt a new system for um handling all that schoolwork? Because I know up here they had I don't know, it was like carmen or something and then they switched to canvas and so all the teachers not
only
had to like just had finished figuring out how they're gonna handle all that all of a sudden they had to do with the new system to or like google classroom or whatever. Mhm.
Yeah. X No,
I can't
And then so that got me thinking when you were talking about getting hacked when I was in high school, you know how like all the wifi for schools and stuff, they always have, you know, a whole bunch of like parental locks apparently essentially like on its stop kids from getting on facebook and stuff. There were always at least a handful of kids
at
my high school that would um build proxy servers to get around that parental lock every single time. And I'm just sitting there thinking
about that was like those same kids had, I, you know, still be in high school, they would be the ones hacking the system. They'd
be like,
like saying they're like, hey, you got to be on that test. Give me a man, it's gonna be a name done.
So who knows? Maybe instead building or maybe on top of building a whole like generation of super socially awkward teenagers will also
be building
a whole generation of crazy, super tech savvy bill. So cheating
generations,
They're opening a new tab and they're like how to hack 101
So I know on Mac books there's a thing that very rarely, but occasionally did help me out and you can do like the inspect element on web pages. Have you heard of that?
So it's essentially you can open developer tools on your Mac book and you can show
it for weber web page you're on, you will show you the code that writes your web page. And if you like kind of have a basic understanding of what you're looking at, you can do things like how I used it where it was, find names of images on
the page. So it would be like who is this artist or whatever? And I would like inspect element look and it would be like care about Geo image one or somebody like that. Care about, you know. Done. Yeah.
I
did. Yes. So you're, so if you're ever up like, oh, you have 1/4 grader. So who knows? Maybe you have a super text at the fourth grader, but you know, name your images accordingly. Mm
Yeah. It's like, I'm sorry. Get up here. You just name all of the images. Nice. Try cheater. Oh, yikes.
Hey, you know what
make
it happen?
Just,
um, so I live about two hours south of cedar point. I'm in columbus. So it's one of those things where we'll go up usually like once, maybe twice this summer, but it's definitely like a full day trip thing and it always sucks because you always have to go on the weekend. Went super busy. Yeah. But
God love it.
Heck here.
That's
Oh my God, they do. I love the ones where they're like the inversion. So like before they dropped, they go inward. Like that. Love those so much.
I love those. I feel like I'm flying.
Yeah, that's fine. You got me into space, it's fine.
I honestly love this. Especially if you're hanging and they have loops on them. I'll like beg everybody I'm with to let me ride those like five or six times while we're, they're gonna get the most of it.
It
I've been to Pittsburgh, I haven't been to Kenny Berg, Kenny, Kenny one.
so my dad is from Pittsburgh and my mom,
so we like, would go visit and aunt or an uncle occasionally. Um
my mom also has a sewing business and they hold like an international quote mark in Pittsburgh once a year or so. So I've got um I got kidnapped into going and working that. So we go to Pittsburgh and we'd stay at the William penn, so it was like super fancy and made up for a big rock and a
convincer
Yeah, it was, I think that was like the sole bribe because they're like, you're 14, you're gonna be miserable, walked in conventions. They're talking about quilts all day, but we'll stay at a fancy hotel
and you can get room service. They were like fine, I guess.
Yeah, so she still does that. Um I haven't had to go to any of the quilt markets thankfully in a while. Um She did try to rope me into going one this year before Covid hit, so I kind of lucked out guys that one around too. But
um so what my mom does is she writes the patterns or the books for other people to make the stuff them.
yep, yep. It's crazy.
Yeah. So actually it's funny that you have, it's funny that you phrased it that way because my mom literally just hit uh like $1 million dollar of sales on one of her products, like literally last week. Yeah, she um it's like, it's kind of weird because she's like, she's very like B list celebrity and like the quilting World, like to the point where my mom asked me to like pick her up something, they have like the single fat quarters there, like fat quarter their pieces of fabric bundles. I was out visiting a friend in a different state, and my mom asked me to pick up a fat quarter bundle for her to give to a different friend. It's like a weird thing that they do. I walked in the store and I was talking with the lady and she kept saying she's like, you look so familiar and I don't know why. I was like, I don't live here, I don't have anything as I'm walking out, I glanced over at one of the racks and they have my mom's book, it has her face on it and my mom and I look identical. Yeah, so brad. There was like, is this it like Oh sure. Yeah.
It's
what?
Yeah. It was like weird growing up because uh it was always my favorite like uh two Truths and a lie. It was always like I've been to Alaska. My mom accidentally became like a had like a viral video on the Internet because one of her video or the kind of video that started all got like 250,000 views, like really quick off. Um And that's kind of like what started her whole thing. And I don't know, it was always like my two truths now live. My mom accidentally became a low key like Quilting World celebrity.
Yeah. It's just like this was this like weird things that just like always happens to, I don't
know.
Yeah. It's
it's really weird to think about like people come and like pay her to come out and like talk events and things like
that. My
mom loved
um she goes back and forth because I mean it's not obviously like it's not like people are straight up like recognizing her on the
streets
or anything
like
that.
But
then she also gets like the little perks like she was super excitedly telling me she got flown out to Las Vegas to talk at like a conference thing and people were waiting in line for her presentation and my mom was like in line goofing around with people
and like, oh yeah, are you guys excited? And they're like, yeah, I really wanted to like hear this, you know her talk about her technique or whatever. And she's like yeah her her husband's really weird and he like talks on stage and I feel like walked on set and.
exactly and then immediately after that you know she goes and like nobody knows her, gives a crap so it's a nice little balance, a good ego boost. But then also nice like sweep of the legs to knock her down a few pegs.
Yeah exactly. So yeah it's
it's a really weird just like one of those little, oh
I
have this super weird like trivia throw out.
But
Um No so she does quilting patterns. Mostly she does a lot of like month by month projects which all the quilt stores love because they can make it like a club thing that keeps the customers coming back
and paying
for the next thing. Um And then she does her like biggest thing that she's known for is have you ever like made a quilt, Her son or anything?
So whenever forever go, you would like make a quilt, you put the backing on and then you put the soft stuff in the middle to make it soft and then your top which has all the pretty stuff. And then you would have to take it into either a long arm quilter which is somebody that had a machine that's like the size of their basement and stitches the top to hold it all together. So it doesn't just pull apart. Or you would have to just like essentially outline your design and which that's kind of like boring, you know? Um So forever because that's how you had to do it. But my mom came up with a quilt or an idea where on your embroidery machine you can essentially like recreate long arm quilting. But on embroidery machine and it saves people a lot of time, a lot of money because one it's super expensive to go to a long arm quilter, they'll charge
like $100 per quilt just acquittal down. And then on top of that too, they're usually really busy, so they'll take like
two or three months to get back
to
you.
Yeah, so my mom comes up with this technique that like just uses the, you know, thread and binding or thread and bob in that you have and also can be done in a day if you just like do it yourself and yeah, so that's like her biggest thing that she's known for and she does a whole bunch of like piggyback stuff off with that constantly or keep bringing in the money from it. So
yeah, she um she's a little ill nifty, she just comes up with surfing, I'm like, cool, thanks,
he's so fancy.
unfortunately. No,
um yeah, I don't really do all that much. I like no, all the techniques, I know how to do it because I was like forced labor as a child,
we're
like,
no, you want to do this
wack, it's fine. So
Exactly, so both me and my brother know how to sew and quilt. Neither of us do it because we had to do it way too often, those Children, but yeah, I mean I can fix on my dog stuffed animals real well. Yeah,
I think it's pretty me, I mean it's like it's a good enough business, so my brother's an accountant and he was struggling to find work and so my parents were able to take a month full time as their accountant, so you know, it
does self
o'clock.
I know who wasn't them?
It is pretty cool and on top of that my 25 minute timer
actually just went off
my,
it was a pleasure talking to here as well.
She probably will. Um Yeah, I would assume so, although I think that might also mean like I won't get to put any of my personal style because she'll just keep showing up with more stuff and I'm like okay, thanks.
I
guess
it's saving
me
money to find,
don't come in my house and be like, so I notice you don't have any of the baby clips I made out and I'll be like there again, that's where that was my like just general stuff. She's like, I make all these nice quilts and then all you have
is like quilts like this.
yeah, she gives me so much shit about their, obviously
I will.
Yeah, of course, thanks for
chatting,
yep, you too, have a good school year,
bye!