she um yeah,
she printed printed uh
looks like I'm gonna have a bad connection. Hi, can you hear me?
Yeah, I can hear you,
Okay, that's perfect.
That's right.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good. So where are you?
I'm in florida
significantly, but I'm from Pittsburgh originally, so I'm fully aware of what's happening in your parts of the town. Yeah.
Have
you gotten any
the heart?
Have you gotten any snow yet?
I'm a crack.
Did you take advantage of it?
that's
pretty
cool. No, I'm a teacher that were in school. Did you try? I think I'm lagging are
yeah, I think it's me um can you hear or see me or do I? My choppy?
I don't know why. I think it's also I've noticed this Chromebook doesn't work as well as a laptop
support
talking
and yeah, and I never knew that because whatever, like it's fine for basic things anytime you want to do like a zoom or like this or whatever, it just, it doesn't do well. I don't know why.
No.
And then you like, I know you can't like download programs and stuff on there, so, but for my purposes it was fine. But now that the world we're living in, it's not fine.
Yeah, I think that's definitely what is happening. If it gets too bad, I'll switch to a, to a laptop. That's okay.
I teach 4th. But yeah, fourth grade, but we went, we're back at school. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, most of the kids didn't come back, so it actually kind of worked out. Yeah. I only have five kids and one kind of like goes back and forth. So
everybody, I think in our county total, only 20% of the kids went back to school. Yeah. Most people.
There are virtual. Yeah. And
um, I hear in an elementary school it's um like our kids are sort of doing okay. My husband teaches middle school and like it's it's just too bad. You know, it's just harder to as they get older they just have way too many other distractions and it's just really really noticeable at that age. He teaches seventh grade to like 12, 13. Like so many kids are behind on homework. Somebody so many more kids are failing than he's ever had fell before. And it's just all because yeah, I mean they're home and when you have to choose between netflix or your homework or you're always say where your Uber eats order, showing up at the door.
Well
now
but
Of course especially at that age I have a lot of kids while my husband does at that age that their parents are, they went to work, I mean they're 12 or 13, they can be home by themselves. So you're just trusting that your kid is literally logging on and doing his work all day and it's just not the case. So I mean they just weren't supposed to go to school this way, you know? So everybody's
trying
to just be super, super flexible, you
know?
great.
I was just talking about that. I know when we were younger, well I'm obviously older than you are, but you know, like we used to go outside, you know, and play with our friends and jump rope and play kickball and kids, like they didn't do that anyway and down here where I live, like a lot of people live in these gated communities because it gives them like this whole, you know, false sense of security. A lot of these kids don't
go outside before this happened. So like they really don't go outside now now you're not even like going over your friend's house or you know, like the wall thing. So it is, we're going to pay a price later for sure. Mhm.
Then you do it for me. And what I always talk about like um is these kids that just don't have to go like and do anything now, like literally everything you want can just show up at your front door whether, you know, you order food, whether you order your paper, your toilet tissue online, like your music is right here with every single thing is just giving to this new generation. They don't have to go after anything. It's going to end up being that way. A lot of these kids don't have like the same hustle and the same drive and the like the go get it attitude, I just sort of sit back and you know my door dash orders coming to me, I'm
good,
okay, it's okay, you don't even have to go pick up your food anymore, like now I'm just gonna wait here on my couch
with all my streaming network.
he's bringing
my pizza, I'm not going to meet him, so
like there is a price that society is going to pay. It is inevitable, it's inevitable. We have the whole um just like the split with the education, you know the kids that have access to the, you said the mom at home who's checking on them during their homework and they have a computer and they have a good internet connection, then you have a bunch of kids that live places where they don't have those things and at least in the classroom was supposed to make you equal. But now that you're not in the classroom, you know you're
gonna.
that part
of it
is
pretty spat because it's out of their hands.
What
harder?
And it was still hard. Yeah. My son's in college and he talks about, he just feels like he has so much more work and I think it just comes across as when you're in class you have room for conversations and like things that just come up naturally. And he said a lot of this professor sort of just literally like give them the assignment and they're just like email me when it's done. Like there's not a whole lot in between
this just.
I
think about that and you know even in our school like we have so many programs that were supposed to do now. So like I give a homework assignment sometimes you know I I feel bad because I also have 1/5 grader. So you know I try to remember that but my daughter's homework will be from one, she'll have one website homework on another website. She has like five different websites and she's just going from website to website to website. I'm like we're not even teaching these kids right now. Yeah. Yeah.
Yes.
You
were,
Okay. It happened I teach at a charter school but that definitely happened in public school. And it also what happened which was crazy in Miami when they first went back to school this school year, they got hacked like the first two or three days of school and they had to completely dropped the company, I can't remember what they were using but they had to completely drop that company that they had now spent a couple of weeks having the teachers learn because this company just could not, they weren't prepared, you know? And that's the thing, it's you have this great program and you want to think it works and you don't prepare that there's some crazy people out there, they're going to try to hack into a schools, you know, quote unquote zoom session every day. So they literally had to drop it and they started just using like Microsoft teams or something. They literally had to start using like a whole different program. Everybody down here is doing like my charter school, we do one thing, but then in Broward County they do one thing and in a day county they do another thing and
we
shall. No.
I
do
ST
it's
quite possible they were
like
that's
true.
No,
but that's so true because now they're just in their room and they have all this extra time to just learn how to do stuff like that.
that definitely happened and it was it was crazy they had to like last minute switch and change and the company couldn't control the hacking. It was it was pretty,
No, I have not heard of that.
Sorry.
Well,
All right, so you found your own little backdoors as
well?
No, no, I already know about inspect element Sorry.
Somebody has, somebody has to try it. That's the only way they learn
that
is
he always tries it.
Do you live anywhere near a cedar point?
Yeah,
no, we used to go all the time when I was little, but it's funny you mentioned like it's a day trip, but for us it was great because we were like, they were like rent a bus
so we could come from Pittsburgh and we would drive over to cedar point and spend all day and we have all sorts of sandwiches and food being passed all around the bus. It was pretty cool thing ever, but
few points still has some of the best roller coasters.
I don't even like the ones where your legs hang now. I used to,
you know like where the floor, there's no sense of security,
I'm just all out here floating.
Have you ever
been to Pittsburgh? Because we have kennywood park?
Many would, yeah,
no
and
that's
the fancy hotel,
The hotel,
but she still do that,
Did she sell them?
that is really,
that is crazy. That is so crazy cause you never really think about the person behind that, but clearly millions of people, they have made something that she, that she did,
that is so funny that you said she's like a B list celebrity and reach, that is
the
coolest thing,
in the quoting world, but that is crazy because the quoting world is huge and tight, you know, that's like a big deal, that is super, super cool.
it
seems so not a big deal, but as soon as you said, I just can't imagine how many people have made the thing that he wrote, like when you think about that
there are
mind,
I can't
how did she feel about her pseudo celebrities? Did she like it?
No,
but then
once you
know
who she is, you
know?
and
and then they're like that's that lady is hot,
I like that because she can still go to target, you know what I'm saying? Right.
I think that's very
it
is,
I
know what you mean now that you make like any clothes and she only do like quilts
coming
back.
No.
correct.
Think
to
get
it back to you. Right.
but that she's like that makes her an inventor too.
your mom is so fancy.
Do you know how do you know how to quilt?
No.
You
were free
labor.
She
just had to say you and snacks.
I think that is super cool.
It's
like the
whole family business going on there in the quilting world.
I think that's pretty cool.
I am
good. All
right. It was a pleasure talking with you.
And I didn't ask you if you had any kids but I'm assuming your mom is gonna make like the best quilt ever.
It'll be all about her. Yeah.
It's
totally
going to
be
She's like, no, I made that. No, I just made you one. Yeah.
of course.
The throws that are everywhere.
we'll tell her. I think she's super duper awesome.
And so are you. So thanks for joining.
Good.
All right. You'll be safe in. Ohio.
Thank you.