Hi.
Good, how are you doing today?
Right, we can actually get, you know, paid the full amount. I
this is now my third time. Yeah.
This
is
my
third
successful time. I've
tried
to
do
it a couple times before where people either didn't show up or you know. But yeah, it pays pretty well. So I like to study
within like four or five days. In my experience, it's pretty
quick. Yeah. How are you doing?
Thanks.
Me
Uh
Do
you
work remotely?
that's
perfect
then. Yeah.
Yeah. I started working remotely this summer, which I really appreciate because you know, obviously don't want to go in anywhere right now,
I
feel like more people should be able to work remotely, honestly.
It
seems
kind
of ridiculous, right? It's like you don't really need to go and Okay,
touch.
Back.
That sucks. Yeah, my boyfriend is still has to go in because he works in a mental health clinic, like an inpatient facility. And one of his clients recently, like three weeks ago tested positive.
And
so they had to isolate everyone. And thankfully I hadn't seen him in a while, but
it
was a venice. Mm. Yeah.
We live like 40 minutes away from each other and with everything going on, we've just decided to we see each other like once a month now. Yeah. Just because you know, he's still interacting with people every day and his job. So.
so
that's
fine.
Yeah. Yeah, they do
and they wear masks, but you know, it's hard when you're all like in the same space, so yeah,
I don't know
what they're gonna work.
Um
life has
been, you know, overall it's not bad. It's been kind of a stressful summer I'm employed right now, but it's a summer like camp position. I just got my teaching credential. So it's been like,
thank you. It's been searching for jobs when they don't really know what's going on. And some of the districts are still trying to figure out what kind of hybrid model they're doing and it's just bizarre.
Yeah, I think for a while they really thought that they would be able to come back safely in person and then that became very clear and like the beginning of july really that that was just not going to happen.
No. So it's been really weird, you know, having zoom interviews for teaching positions and
Yeah. So it's always stressful, especially if you're right about the state school here. But um, you know, I'm waiting, I'm actually supposed to be hearing back from one of my interviews today, so we'll see.
Yeah.
I really don't want to move anywhere. I live in southern California, so yeah,
it's L. A. County has been really bad. Like the cases are skyrocketing, our deaths are starting to really climb now. It's yeah, it's really scary. I don't know what part of the country you live in but it's definitely
over here.
Yeah. So
I don't think it's been quite as bad there. Right.
I
think
it's just because. Sorry. Yeah go ahead.
that's
good.
that's really
good.
That's
terrifying.
Well and then you have all like the crazy conspiracy theories going around right now where people are just full heartedly believing that you know the mask activates your own virus and
it's a big
eighties.
I
can't even like listen to those people without just getting
super physical.
all
of my friends have been pretty taking it really seriously. But there's definitely people I used to know from like high school who are like, you know
going
to big parties and like one of them had a wedding and very clearly had like 100 people at this at their house and I'm like what are you doing? Like there's a pandemic.
I know, so
it's just really kind of concerning right now. Especially because they've been trying to do like summer camps and stuff like in person summer camps and like it's crazy how quickly it spreads. It's so contagious. And like I think there was like a summer camp, there was news about it today. We're like they tested everyone in the camp and like 3/4 of everyone they tested had it, it was like 250
campers and yeah. Is it? It's
just
it takes
one
person.
I
mean if
I don't remember, I don't think it was in California. It was somewhere either in the it was in the one of the middle States. Yeah.
Yeah, that was today. So that's not just terrifying. And yeah, it's been fun and I get it because I understand, you know, people wanting their kids to be back in school so they can work people not wanting their kids to feel isolated or lonely. I totally understand.
But yeah, if we let them back in the schools right now it's going to be a mess.
Yeah, that's gonna be a disaster.
I student taught second grade and fourth grade and yeah, so I, you know elementary and this summer I've taught first through fifth. So yeah, it's
been really fun. So
I really like working with kids because they're weird. They're like they
things, you know?
They're just funny. Like one of my campers the other day was like she was telling me all about her loose tooth and I was like that's so exciting, you know, you get the, you know the tooth fairy or whatever and she's like the trick is to tell your parents how much your friends get from the tooth fairy,
We'll see,
let's
get
she's
like,
I used
to get
$5
and now I get 20 I'm like
Well there you go.
the kids are all really sweet, most of them are in san Francisco, so their parents make like insane amounts of money, so yeah.
Anyways.
Yeah. No kidding. So are you a college graduate or still in college?
Oh yeah, it feels so weird, right.
Two
A little bit, yeah.
That's
pretty cool. Actually do like that
Oh great, that's awesome. It's always nice to stay with a job for, you know, more than three years.
I feel like as far as my friends goes, it's been pretty unusual.
It's like their
first job
out of college. They only say that maybe like two years or so before they were like, yeah, I need a job with like that pays better, has better benefits,
Yes. There is not the same kind of growth you used to see there's no benefit to staying with the company for
like it's so frustrating. It's like,
they're like,
sorry, you know,
well
that's
awesome because just because of inflation and yeah,
wow. Yeah. I feel like a lot of companies are kind of taking advantage of it, you know what I mean? Like they're like, oh well, you know, covid 19 anyways. Um
Yeah that sucks. I I really feel like there's not enough development and jobs anymore where you, that you used to have, you know, you stay on with the company and you get a raise and you get better benefits because they wanted to reward your loyalty to the company. They
don't do that anymore.
Like they're like, we can post your job on indeed and have someone with your experience in like 20 minutes
and that's terrifying.
Were
still
replaceable
now. So
Well, that's good.
That's
okay. That's actually kind of smart though because, well, I don't know what the cost of living is like in Utah, but it's probably, I'm
guessing
glass,
it is
higher.
Yeah. I still live with my parents and so do all my friends. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's about,
yeah. If you wanted like a decent, like that's a studio, you know, it's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I have a couple of friends who have a partnership where they can kind of cohabitate so they can split rent and that works for them. But all of my friends except for those people are still living at home, you know, and we're like mid twenties, I turned 25 like next month and yeah, we all have a home still, so that's fun.
Oh no, I lived, I lived in san
Jose
for four years and then my fifth year of my program, I lived in Berkeley with a long term boyfriend for a year and then I go back home. So uh huh. Yeah,
I
mean
if I
could, I would, but like my parents are great. My sister lives in new york, so I have two rooms to myself, so it's not so bad. I have a big garden here that I kind of work on and yeah it's not so bad, I've been living back with him maybe like two years now and while I was going to graduate school to get my teaching credential and yeah, it's honestly not been bad. I plan on living with them for another couple of years until I have enough money to kind of
move out.
Is that it it's so weird
that so many people like it's normal now to have a 30 year old living with their parents,
like I don't even bat an eye at it anymore, I'm like yeah. Ok.
No
you
wouldn't. Yeah
it's crazy. You would be like you would move out of the house of like 21 have
a job that can support you now, we're like it's really rough. I feel like millennials really got the shaft as far as just all of it because you know,
to
downward recessions uh Yeah
we can't catch a break. It really, it sucks somebody and
they're not just kind of the last four years have been really horrible as well and I don't know the world. That seems
really crazy right now. Yeah.
That was like the huge recession right? 2000 and eight.
public.
No that would just
like make you depressed.
and
you but your story is probably super common. I'm sure there's so many people that were just like laid off. There's a ton of people who got laid off right now obviously and so
the job market is insane. People are just searching for things not hearing anything because companies don't know what they're doing. Yeah.
It's
just really rough right now for a lot of people in the
country.
Right. Yeah they're like we don't need that, that's going
away.
and then
everyone is looking for a job so it's crazy like I was looking at Indeed and some of the positions like just a regular position
that had been posted like two hours ago had like 500 applicants already and I was like
hold
yeah you're not,
it's really
it's really really wild right now. I'm trying
to kind of give myself the benefit of the doubt when I was just landing like a full time teaching position right now. That's on top of it. I'm not really sure if I'm equipped to have my very first year as a teacher like starting online. That's gonna
be tough. Yeah. I
don't know how some of my friends just, they got hired but they're got a kindergarten slot and it's like
I don't
know how to do kindergarten distance learning man like
in
your first year as a teacher. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
no,
I
mean
just in
something is tough and to be like five or six even like, you know, like you said like 18, sitting down and getting yourself to do the work every day. It's just very different when you're not in that classroom setting. Yeah,
it's
prepared.
It's weird to be an adult and then it's just structures kind of gone.
It does, it's like, hey your life is up to you now
enjoy
and
you're
like, oh
because
for me it was always like, you know, academics, okay, I'm in high school, I'm getting good grades doing that, I'm applying for college, I'm getting my degree and getting internships all of that and then it's like, all right, you're out there, it's all you now and it's it's really, it's kind of intimidating for sure the first year. Mhm. It doesn't help that, you know, college is so expensive as well. Uh huh
It's even
more expensive now than uh you know when I went to college and I'm sure when you went to college to it's probably I blame myself.
It's ridiculous. Especially now, even though so many colleges are doing remote learning, they're still having like the same tuition and it's like were higher
and it's like okay but
I
would
honestly
right if I was in college
now,
it
probably just like go to like switch to like a community college for a year just to
think
all
those courses.
Just wait cheaper. Yeah.
I mean
the other
thing
that's what I've heard from a couple of my friends who just got their credentials, they're deciding to do like more of a private tutor route for the year just for like families. One of them is teaching like two kids that live in like Beverly Hills and she's like, I'm, I'm honestly getting paid more than I would be if I was teaching. And I'm like, well that's set
because you know, the rich people in southern California and want to make sure their kids are getting ahead. So Yeah.
Yeah. It is kind of a bummer that you're definitely going to see that discrepancy between rich kids and kids that don't have access to those kind of opportunities. It's gonna be really bad in the next couple of years.
don't even know when it's going to be like totally gone either.
I mean the vaccine is supposed to come out like very end of this year, beginning of next year, but it's gonna take a long time to get everyone vaccinated. Yeah. I don't know. It's just been a really really weird here.
It
feels
we're already I think it's 25 minutes.
Yeah. I think we have valley. Five more minutes. Yeah.
That's weird
to
me.
I don't like that. It still feels like a really long march. It does like I went home in March, you know, I was doing student teaching and we went digital and it just felt like March since then. Okay.
me
too. I mean it's
just
yeah. Honestly this year doesn't count. Just
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well what do you like to do in your free time?
I
figured.
my
that's
that's disgusting. Yeah.
I think it was 100 and three year today.
I I
live
hot
part.
Oh yeah. Uh Coastal regions of California are beautiful but Inland Empire. It's hot here. It's really miserable. I live in one of the hottest
places.
it's a really horrible valley called santa Catarina. Don't come here, don't,
don't
travel
here.
Yeah, it is. Yeah. And everyone's like, hey,
that's like that show and it's like, hmm, yeah, they're like, is it accurate? I'm like, yeah,
kind of,
you
know, young people, thank you. That part's a little not accurate. Mhm. Yeah,
I had no idea that that in Utah though.
Well, Oh,
I've had,
we have family that live in new york and every time we visit it's like, oh my gosh, they have a fall, like the leaves change color and it snows here and it's beautiful and the weather is so nice. But yeah, in southern California, it's really temperate. It's really nice. It doesn't ever get super cold where I live, it does get really hot, but it's great for growing things for the most part. But
it's good, it's going pretty well. This year has been the best year so far, growing lots of cucumbers and tomatoes and that's kind of how I've been keeping myself busy, you know, on top of
work and everything
else, just like to have like some hobby that you're doing, so
you feel like a person.
yeah,
I hang out with my friends like once a week, you know, on zoom and we play games and that's that's about it.
Yeah. Yeah, I really like dark, it's like this german show that's like sci fi. Yeah, what about you? What kind of stuff do you like?
I fucking love Shits Creek, it's
so
funny.
Yes, I know,
I I really love that show. I think that's one of the
funniest
shows I've seen in the last couple of years.
Do you like kind of like true crime? Oh yeah, me too. I'm a big true crime person. I have like podcasts and I used to be really into it. I'm not as into it anymore. But yeah,
I like true crime. Yeah.
I just like, you know, looking up really violent cases like late at
So good for your mental health. Fantastic. Yeah. Mostly been watching a lot of netflix and that's about it. Yes.
No, I
don't. I have cooler though. I'm
still
using my stupid
Spotify Julio account.
Well,
I've
heard really good
things
about Mandalorian.
that
that's Disney Plus. Oh yeah. Ok.
Yeah, that one.
I
love steve
Carell.
I definitely
want
to check
that out then. Yeah.
I feel like lately I've needed like way more humor than usual.
Like I can't really watch that, like the intense stuff anymore. There's too much going on.
I I love Shits creek, definitely old shits creek and then just like mhm. Just living day by day I guess.
I
think we're good. Yeah, we have 25 minutes.
well,
that's nice
chatting with you.
mm hmm. And then go back to the other
tab
that you had.
I.