good, Great from you. I'm able to, he's like, I'm really comfortable here actually. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Should have been here for you inside, Yeah. No, it is. Right. Yeah. Thanks. Mm hmm. It's fine. Wait, knowing that I'm forgetting that up. Hi. Yeah. Mhm.
Go ahead.
Well, I'm good. How are you?
No, they don't clean or anything I just want to talk about. Right.
So there's no like template or anything that to talk about, Right.
Generally mentioned it.
All right. Well, my name is Abraham. Nice
to meet you.
are you from?
Okay, cool. New york Brooklyn.
okay. We're still closed down quarantining at home. How about you?
Yeah. We're supposed to have some kind of like conference in a week or two saying if we're gonna start reopening what we're gonna reopen things like that. Have you been at home? Where have you? I had a job doing things or
we have
Well,
that is man. Yeah,
I'm
pretty much at home all day actually just graduated school. So I was like in a weird transition theory regardless. So it really affected for me to in effect that family members who lost their job. But yeah, very.
Thank
you.
Thank you.
So I just graduated from medical school in the city.
So they had, some people are starting early, but where I'm gonna start working like a month. They didn't have anyone come on earlier, anything, so just sitting here waiting. We
Yeah, they send all their screens on the importation and stuff like that. They sent him home for now. Very weird.
Are people like you invitations and hospitals? How did being an online, which is pretty odd.
that would be different. Mhm.
I was actually pretty lucky in my life. Like rotation for graduated was probably finished in the beginning of March and I've been doing idea so I like avoided things by this much. Mhm.
Very
Yeah. Are you from, have you lived in any other states California born and raised?
thing.
And
same
Brooklyn born Arabia new york never employ.
Yeah, I want to do you think there's more transplants in new york from from out west or at Western new york?
We'll
have
moved
Yeah, I have no idea.
I don't, I would, but then also all my family and friends are here. So I've always wanted to move out west. I feel like climate better for me. I'd like to do more like nature, things like ski hide things like that, which you better do out west, but it's just hard to jump and go across the country, you know?
But
but I was applying for residencies and I applied to places like California Utah colorado, places like that.
He ultimately
stayed in new york. Yeah.
definitely.
Yeah. Well I, I do, I love seasons, I also like cooler weather, which is a people pleaser like warmer weather
there.
That's true.
Yeah, I
was oh my God, it's beautiful there.
So yeah, so I had an interview there, but I came like a week early and with a friend and went skiing beforehand.
Let me
not
at all.
Mhm.
But
definitely,
everyone's
going to rush
there.
Well, so I was just thinking about doing nothing and I figured and I'm actually moving from Brooklyn to the city and like a few months so I figured let me try and get some kind of money. How about having a war?
With this far you don't spend your time doing getting to tell you. Oh, never mind. We offer
year accepted. Yeah.
And it's usually from like reputable places that you've actually heard over. No, it's just some guy. It was some company that you never you don't know everything. Questions. Yeah.
How
long have you been doing it?
Uh Like a week and a half?
I'm not not too long. Well,
it's been pretty good so far.
Not
at all. Have you ever been on any similar fights or now?
All
I feel like in the past, not within the past year, but before that I just remember what that is. But or maybe I think it would be for more for things where I could go there and then be part of a study like that. Like a study, but like a survey and things like that, but they like almost never qualified for them. So eventually he gave up doing it. Mhm.
From home
without.
We're having too much.
It's
an interesting
thing for
Yeah. A little intimidated going in. Like, do I really want to do that?
Odd. It's like a little intrusive. But as the years, it's probably the best thing for your buck you'll find on the site
if you're, you'll ever find on the site. Probably
no.
What
I
am are Yeah.
Had had another interesting study that was like, I don't know, they had to do something on a video for like 10 minutes and and they were like fake no one's actually seeing that or we don't really analyze anything like Okay great.
Did you ever see those questions like you will be reading something and creating things and I'll be like just press like good or just yeah, make
sure you're paying attention.
Right.
Actually
name.
Yeah. I just wanna for a few minutes a day or something.
So
yeah, so we got the presidency back in March And then typically the start they used July one for residency across the board. So some new york residencies like started getting their residences start early. Mine didn't, so the plan is still to just start joy first so I'm hoping things will have calmed down a little bit so I don't just
jump into the fire.
Special detail. Just like in general internal medicine. Mhm.
Of different
things to different
How about you, what do you do with like in tech industry where you involved?
That's just really cool.
No.
that's everything. Yeah.
they are just
that experience to do not end. Okay.
Eventually
you
get
there though.
They
want
that one decorated my experience. Yeah, you can't be too old, you can't be too young.
Well you're
going,
Yeah,
you
mentioned you're thinking about taking a road trip, Have you ever taken a road trip or seeing in the national park?
that's really cool.
I've done like one, I say major road trip actually last year I also dressed Wyoming.
I went to Jackson hole one skiing there.
Yeah,
actually,
So I mean actually when I did, I've done a couple of years ago me and my friend drove up to Arcadia National Park. It didn't mean it was like really beautiful, had some great hikes, great like trail you can bike on or um they actually have this, I think on the east coast they have the, it's like a spot we could see the sun rise for. It's like the earliest time you'll see on the east coast. It's like the first place that you'll see it right down the east coast. So my friend I hiked that mountain in the morning before sunrise and were able to see like the sunrise over the water. So when I,
in maine. Yeah. And then on the, on the way there we stopped in Rhode island was stopped in boston. And we also have in Portland Maine.
Yeah. I'm not part of americans. Feel it out of the way,
Well
I
was actually in New Hampshire pretty recently, I was interviewing and just try one more boring places I've seen. Which
no,
I'm sure it's nice. There's like they have really also really the White Mountains I think they're called. Um they're really nice. Um actually some really hard trails they have, they have one now and uh I forget what it's called, but it could be one of the hardest child Alex on the east coast. Well because I think they have like the highest recorded wind speed like ever on that mountain
Like
over 200 miles an hour
I
was
not
I never
went out that, but
I
like to
do when
I have time to be. Yeah. Mhm,
definitely.
Yeah, but at least I've been lucky I was getting at least like a couple of a couple weeks off off for you. So I used that time to do something like that. Go somewhere.
so I used to go to florida like every year it's probably like actually I was supposed to go so far this year but this whole thing canceled that trip. Yeah.
Yeah
I usually go like one trip here to florida
where
now just
to the beaches. Yeah it's like to Miami going to the beaches or south beach something like that. Mhm
I mean
we have like some beaches here but they can't they don't compare to the mhm there's
nothing
comparing in comparison.
Yeah we we've had days here that are like 75 and it is so difficult not to go after the park and I'll go for a run or something.
both.
of
allow
them.
It's hard when the
weather
becomes nice. You wish you want to go out.
I was just
literally
saying that the other day, how if this happened to winter p like everyone will be staying home, not going anywhere.
we can get things. You
wanna
go play
outside.
Do you have any pets or have you ever had any talks?
Yeah, I actually just got this guy like
almost a year ago.
It's very tired.
some kind of terrier mix. I don't really know. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, actually, actually,
I'm planning on taking to like this little, this little walk place whenever I like taken to. Well, yeah.
like last july
almost a year. Yeah,
but
I've
never had a pet before that
I wanted I've always wanted a dog and so like where I was at school, sometimes I was living home, like my parents sometimes I moved out, but here I found out. So I finally living like by myself, I should just go for it and I had like a study for my boards. They had like a few weeks off to school. So I thought this is the perfect time right now, I'll be home with him for like a month. So it worked out really well.
No, my yeah, my mom terrified of dogs allergic to the dog, so yeah.
Mhm.
It
is
I had a really bad experience when I was younger as in the parking like three, I was like a little bit through the hours that to me were giant, so I started running at me to attack me, like they pinned me down onto the floor and then they were able to get up to
run away. Yeah,
but luckily
I didn't traumatizing or anything, so
good
now
I have a dog. So yeah,
I worked that well. Mhm.
I don't know what kind of dogs they were at the time. They were like probably
my
Of
I mean
this guy's a lot of work. Mhm.
No, no, that's nothing else.
No.
Again.
Yeah. Like I have my friends
uncle had the cat when I go there. Um I literally did not know that they have a pet. I may be seen once in my life.
That's
true.
Want to get a collar for them, or That's weird.
Like where I am, where I am, people don't let their like their ancestors running around outside.
They're inside uh anti captain side. I mean
you take
them on walks like after a dog to you don't want them. We want them. I know other places they do. They're just not going on here.
So I'm moving
Moving from Brooklyn to Manhattan.
bracket.
I think my internet is really really really bad right now.
Yeah. Yeah. For like a second. Mhm.
Oh really? Extra for you. Mhm.
green
microphone or
popped up from like uh for a second and went away.
Very close I think. No, I think so. Yeah. Wait 25 minutes.
I'd
say another maybe
1-2 more minutes would be. Yeah.
there.
No. No. I just like click on a survey probably like 20 minutes before I started. So
I just want to see what it
looked like.
No better than I thought. How about you?
It
is based
in
the UK. Right. Yeah.
that, okay.
I
think we're about 25 minutes, but
thank you.
Nice to meet you.