Hi,
cool. Hi, how are you?
good. All right, let me just turn myself okay, cool. Yeah. Okay. Yeah,
wait to see what was that?
I don't, I mean, I don't think so. It looks like I'm like quickly looking at the other page, but um,
yeah, I don't hear it. I don't really see anything. Yeah. Um
Cook.
Yeah, Nice to meet you. I'm antsy. Yeah,
I am currently in California. How about you?
New york? Oh, nice. Okay, that's awesome. House. Um everything going in new york, you know, just left the current situation.
yeah, pretty much the same. I mean, there's like can talk about the state, like reopening right? Like the different counties. Um but I think there's just a lot of like confusion onto when it's gonna technically end and um, like what businesses are going to reopen. So I feel like everything kind of just in limbo right now. Yeah.
yeah, I mean first, that's good to hear about the conference. Hopefully they'll get some more clarity.
Yeah so like I mean prior to Covid I was already working from home, so I guess that was kind of nice in that
sense
But then like still it's I know it's like you know, I've been like pretty difficult for like a lot of people like you know losing their jobs and
everything so that kind of sucks. How about you, are you like at home on time? Yeah.
Yeah well I mean congrats on graduating, that's pretty uh
that's
very exciting
even though I know there's like you know graduation like what school and what did you study?
Oh wow, okay. Yeah that's awesome.
that's actually that's super exciting, like I didn't know what first of human like I guess like undergrad, her grad school or. Yeah, but no that's that's really great. I mean my friend, she started medical school I think less july. I don't know like Harvard has a weird like schedule I think. So now she's like at home to unfortunately. But yeah.
Yeah. I can't, I honestly can't imagine because like I mean I work in tech so like we are used to working with the computers all day so Pence the work from home. But it's just like, I can't imagine what it's like for like nursing students or medical students or other students who write me to do hands on lab work and other stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. I can't really imagine that would be like the same experience but I mean at least.
Yeah.
That's like that's like cutting it so close, right? It's
like who would have known. Yeah, I would get so like the severe here. But yeah, I guess yeah, good for both of us just to not really be too terribly impacted. Yeah. Yeah,
California like pretty much older
when yeah, help
you, new
york,
That's pretty, it's pretty interesting because I remember like when I was working in sf I met a lot of new york transplants but that there are definitely some of them who stayed and then there are a lot who wanted to go back to new york. So um it was always very interesting like kind of hearing about like their perspective and then like you know coming into California and see what it was like for them. Yeah.
That's a really good question. I don't even know. I mean like I feel like it would be pretty equal because I know a lot of California to also go to new
york. What do
you
think? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, would you consider like moving elsewhere to a different state
No,
that definitely makes sense.
Yeah, I know those
are great.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, I feel like it's interesting because like, um, yeah, I'm like applying to like jobs too. And I'm like looking at like east coast drops. It's kind of funny seeing how like, you know, it's like when you live in that one region or state, you want to get school because I mean California is great and the weather is pretty nice too. But it's also like part of me is like curious about going somewhere where there's
like seasons, you know, so experiencing that like change at least for a little bit would be nice. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, that's interesting. Yeah, I guess
like, I guess like maybe like Washington would be a good choice or something
or like Utah is pretty nice too. So yeah,
there's
Yeah. Did you go like skiing in Utah or just like
Oh, that's awesome. Yeah. Utah so nice. Yeah. And then you're also
like not far from colorado where like there's like
more
great skiing. Yeah.
Yeah, I know. I feel like right before like, like Covid
and everything, we have planned a road trip to like the rockies, but then everything like happened were Lagarde, There's no way like, you know, we want to like that right now at least. And then I think if they're going to reopen all this national parks, it's going to be super crowded again. So it's kind of like
you have to
write
thank
you. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Like you gotta just like either waited out or just got all the crowds. Yeah. So I mean, are you just like, how did you find out about prolific and everything?
Yeah. Same kind of, I feel like, I don't know like I was like one of my friends told me about and they were like, it's actually pretty good website compared to like a lot of the other, like, I don't know, like beer money websites. Yeah. And I feel like it's like more personalized to like, you don't have to take a survey and then You get disqualified in like five minutes or something.
I know. I
Like I really like it and I just like this, the service are so much more well written to like you're actually for like great, greater research purposes. I'm like, okay, like I can spend time like contributing to that.
Yeah. Yeah. So it's
fine.
Um Gosh, like maybe three months. How about you? Yeah.
Oh, it's okay.
It's fun.
Yeah. No, I agree. I feel like the past three months it's been pretty like, I feel like just like the overall experience is very like nice. Like I don't experience like ads or you know, random, like targeted targeted ads or anything.
So
Um there's this one called like You Me, but it's not that great after a while, like they start like disqualifying you. How
about you?
I know. No, I feel, I feel like, yeah, this is like at least one way to kind of past timer do. So like
I
was
right. Exactly. I was like, honestly like I was wondering like before I saw this like survey this particular one right now today on like my browser for like quite a few days. And I was like maybe they're really looking for people to like, you know, do this because I don't know about you. But first I was like, oh man, do I really wanted this like put myself out there, but it's like, you know, I think it's a pretty good experience, right? Just
talking
to someone,
you know?
same.
Very.
Yeah. No, I I agree because I feel like they're not going to get that many people who are interested or just
like you don't want to just do that face
to
face
at all. Yeah. Mhm
Well that's actually pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Those are actually pretty. I feel like there was one of prolific were like, I don't know, well I don't know. This may be a few weeks ago they made you look at a bunch of people's faces and then try to determine if you're angry or sad or neutral are healthy. You know, it's just like really awkward because like these people were really weird positions that like just like, you know, sitting or standing like you or me and I don't know like at the end they were like, oh, they were like, we just wanted to see if you're paying attention. I was like, okay, wow. Like, you know, it's like super like not what I expected. Yeah.
are like,
yeah, I'm pretty sure it's times like I caught myself, I almost press like the wrong answer. I'm like, oh, shoot. They're going to like right, Like not give you, yeah, what
you wanted. Yeah. But I mean overall seems like a pretty good site and I feel like, I mean as long as it continues this way, I'll probably just use it like here and there for right, just to see
what
like it was up. Yeah.
Yeah, totally. Like, okay. So then for your like, I guess that your residency is like how does that work? Like do you get accepted and then it would be like remote or depending on how everything
plays?
What?
Right, let's just, yeah, like at the deep end like what um what's your like special like special to your?
wow. That's pretty cool. I feel like a lot of my friends after college, they went and ended up going to medical school. So like I sort of not know like I hear about the process all the time from them, but then it's like I can't imagine like actually going through that, you know myself. But yeah
it's pretty
stuff. Yeah. That's true.
Um So I'm a product designer so like designing like apps and like websites are kind of like when you look at prolific or like something like that. Um.
Thanks. Yeah. It's
an interesting role I think. Like I didn't really hear about it until a couple years ago, but it's like all of a sudden now and sf it's like super hot like with the startup industry and I think it's like expanding to the rest of the U. S. As well. But I know and like sf it's like super competitive. So it's like you're like competing with designers who I guess used to design like that in the 19 nineties. It's like of course they want to take someone with more experience right? Than like Judaism.
Yeah. So what kind of sucks is that like, you have to compete with these people and they're like the ones interviewing you, so you're kind of like, okay, well I'm not as good as you, but you know, I want to grow and learn right, and like challenge, like mobile growth through whatever. So yeah.
So
we went through,
what was that?
I
think?
Yeah. No, for sure.
Yeah, it's
well.
Yeah. Right? I know
you
have to be like, yeah, you know, it's like a weird thing. I think in tech is like, people tend to like um like there's like this age is something like, where like a lot of people who are older, they don't have like good experiences, you know? Which kind of sucks because it's like you don't want to like, I don't know, discriminate based on someone's age or you know like something like that. So. Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Well
I mean
oh yeah like I think um just like being in California, we always used to take a lot of trips like down to like san Diego, you know like down south and like Mexico and stuff. Um I think like we did a big trip to Wyoming to Yellowstone, which is really neat. Uh but we haven't done, oh my friend actually, he did a motorcycle cross country trip from new york to California. That was super cool.
Yeah but I think now is like you know everything we're putting that on hold, but how about you? Mhm.
Mhm. Oh nice. Okay. Yeah.
that's awesome. Okay. Yeah
I mean
like oh sorry, I'm just going to say like what are like maybe good road trips you would recommend like around the East Coast, like like typical routes, You know that people?
Yeah. Oh that sounds amazing. You said it made great.
Oh, nice. Okay. I was thinking Oregon. I was like wait. Yeah.
Yeah. That sounds like an epic virgin. I always wanted to go, so I've been to new york, but I've always wanted to go to unlike new Hampshire. I don't know why like I just feel like looking at like their architecture, like it looks really nice like and I heard good things about the climate shatter, but I don't know those are just like stereotypes or you
know
people?
It looks really nice in pictures but maybe
not.
that's
insane,
wow. Okay. And then after
I look
at
it. Yeah, I
mean
okay. Yeah, that sounds pretty intense. Like with the wind, do you like, it sounds like you're like like a big like outdoors person, so you like trying to like
find
like
upwards?
it's like a lot to balance that. And like your medical drink when you're like, instead of practicing medicine, like finding
out like balance.
Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah, I mean, have you like also uh gone to like florida? Like I know my friends from new york used to go to florida a lot like in the summer, just in general.
Oh
man.
Yeah, I like to
Disney Disney world are just like other
places.
Okay, that must be really nice. Yeah, I guess like here we sort of like take it for granted that we have like, like santa Monica or like Los Angeles, like just like in the same state. But yeah. Oh, that's that's
me.
Here
all.
Yeah. I feel like once, hopefully this is over. I don't know when, but it will be nice to like start traveling again because I feel like a lot of people are like really restless because it's like getting super hot. It's like like 90° here today. So yeah, it's like never asean and everything. So it's like feeling like summer pretty much
Yeah. But not like you can't just like, yeah, I don't know. I feel like I'm not sure about people like in like new york, like it's here. I feel like not as many people are like abiding by sheltering place like when I'm like
out a
lot of people. Yeah. Right.
That's what I
was speaking to. Yeah, So
we'll
see.
Yeah. Right. I know. I think like someone, like one of my coworkers just mentioning how like if this happened in the winter it would be like not that would be better, but at least you don't feel like you want to go out all the time. Right? So yeah,
we'll
see.
Yeah. Right. And then like, but now it's like so hard to get people to stay inside. Especially like I feel like there's like a lot of kids in her neighborhood were always wanted to go out and play and just like, do you like kid friendly activities that are hard to do now?
you
can't
tell
them. Yeah. Right. Like just like natural things. Yeah. So we'll see how it is. Yeah.
um we had like a dog before and then have passed away where you can get another dog. Yeah, but that might be like in the next year or two. So who knows? How about you?
Mom was so cute,
wow. He was still quite this whole time. I didn't even hear him because I'm good. Yeah.
What what kind of a dog is it?
That's awesome. You know, I didn't, I had like no idea. So like another like some like something else is there this whole time? That's pretty cool. Yeah. Do you know for like you just like go out on a daily walks and then like other. Yeah. Yeah.
It's
When did you get your dog? I forgot if you mentioned that
last year. Okay. So it's like almost a year. Yeah,
Yeah. What
was
like?
Oh really? What was like your like I guess the biggest reason for getting you talked about?
Yeah. No, that does sound like that sounds really nice. Yeah. I mean like I guess growing up, did your family, your parents really do they like not really want adult or just weren't open to that or?
Okay. Yeah,
we used to like live next to like a true wawa and she was like really vicious and I remember like that was like the one time where like I really didn't want a dog was like because sometimes I was walking home from school, I was kind of like dark and like I guess like she saw my shadow first and she came running and tried to bite me, luckily my neighbor stopped her, but it was just like, I think that was kind of like a turnout, you know? But it's like I
know other dogs
are like, yeah.
Home
Holy crap.
It's terrible.
Yeah, that's good. And
now you have like a dog too so you can get
it.
Yeah.
I mean that's that's pretty scary about the whole pinning you down experience. Like I didn't at least that you want we couldn't do that to me but still that's like yeah. Yeah.
Q
wow. That's crazy. That's really crazy. I mean like do you want to get like another dog like two dogs are
just like you think one is
fine for now? What is fine? Yeah. Yeah.
I feel like having like cats or anything else now.
Okay it's just like okay
just one okay. Um Probably not. I feel like I'm not a cat person at all like
they're like yeah right. But I just feel like a lot of the cats you know like just like super independent and it's like if you want to find them they're not there and it's like what's the point of having it then, you know? It's like kind of wander around anyway. Yeah.
So
Yeah. It's so funny here. And also because I feel like a lot of the cats in the neighborhood, they're always like walking around so you don't even know like which cat because they go to their like to like black cats. And I'm like I don't really know which one for being as like where does it sounds? But it's like right? Like yeah, maybe there's some way to tell
them apart.
So. Yeah.
I know.
Okay. Like they're still there like inside and everything.
That's
interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's interesting. You said like you moved into like a different part of the city, right? Or in new york?
Or just
Okay, okay, okay. So that's okay. I guess I was thinking about maybe a mix because like the area I'm living in, it's like a very suburban areas. I don't know if that's why people are okay with your
cats being outside. Um Yeah, cool. I can't get along my screen green, but okay.
Oh no, it's like this weird thing where like, do you see like our screens are like flashing green or like mine just flashed green.
Yeah. Right, okay. But now it's like, I don't, it's weird cause now I don't see you at all, but I don't know, that's just like the connection or just like some other thing.
Yeah. Okay. It's okay. I mean it's just like, it's just like literally like a black background. There's like, like the silhouette of
like
Yeah, the green make a friend. Right? That's, and that's always, yeah. Okay.
Okay. Uh huh It's okay. I mean this happened earlier for a few minutes, but then I was like, it's probably just like something like, I don't know their connection or something. So yeah. Cool. Okay. On, okay. I don't know if like we, did we like Go over the 25 minutes or I mean like, no, no, I'm not that not that I sound like I want to end. I just was curious because
Did we okay?
Because
we started up?
it's just safe. Yeah. Right here. Okay. That sounds
good. Yeah. Because I feel like I like logged in at 1:30 and then I saw that you're already on and I was like, oh, shoot okay. I hope I'm not like late or anything. Yeah.
And
no,
because, Okay. No, it's me too. Because I was like, I like, I thought they were going to send us like a video link, like separately. But then I was like, like I didn't know it would be in this survey itself because I was like, so then I was like yeah, I also started it like I think I won 15. So I was like okay, I was like 15 minutes. Yeah. So I mean I guess like what did you think of this like overall thank experience?
Yeah, I know me too. I was like, honestly like for a long time I was like, who am I going to be talking to you? Because I was thinking I could be cared of like anyone like it was across the U. S. Or like I guess I don't know internationally to or even the UK. That becomes interesting. So yeah, it was
like going
going
well.
Yeah. Right? Yeah. Since I was like, you know and well and it's kind of nice to see like another person from the U. S. Just like in a different regions. Yeah.
Well I think it
was
Cool. Yeah, it was nice talking to you and like, I mean good luck with like, like residents. It's very exciting,
so
yeah. Cool. Alright. Bye