SPEAKER_L: Uh huh But Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Hello? Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Right. Mhm. Mhm Hi Hey, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: uh Pretty good. I mean, I'm a bit tired though because like I just sat there like six hours of classes. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'll blame out a little bit tired as well as a as a long weekend from me. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: you're doing the weekend? Sorry, what did you do over the weekend? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was sick actually. I was in the hospital on saturday,
SPEAKER_R: Problem.
SPEAKER_L: so I'm still
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: kind of a little bit tired from that unfortunately.
SPEAKER_R: Oh really? What were you infected with? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was just really sick. Um I think I ate something that just disagree my stomach or something, just throwing up consul lean. I had to go there unfortunately because when I get sick on stop being sick, unfortunately.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I I hope you're feeling better. Today sucks there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm feeling all right,
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: a little bit lethargic, but I'm doing okay. So where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm currently in California right now. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, nice. Yeah, I'd like to be in California right now with the war mother. I'm in michigan and yeah, we're feeling the cold already. We had 50 mile per hour winds yesterday, so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I want to try to hibernate as much as possible. Honestly,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I want to see what it's like to be like and I guess no storm or something. I mean, I think it's a bit more romanticized in like a bunch of films, but like I want to just like experience a couple of times. They're like
SPEAKER_L: it is definitely romanticized. I've driven in like white house before and it's like you're holding onto the will for dear life. It's not like the magic you've seen scenes or where it's like this grade like utopian scene or something. It's uh, it's pretty bleak. Honestly, I'd rather have
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: the warm
SPEAKER_R: walking.
SPEAKER_L: weather over that. Honestly,
SPEAKER_R: So how many times have you done this study or is this your first time?
SPEAKER_L: I've done this study I think like five or six times. I'm trying to max this one out. This is like one of the best studies prolific probably ever had. Honestly,
SPEAKER_R: How long have you been a prolific user for?
SPEAKER_L: I think about a year and a half or so,
SPEAKER_R: Please.
SPEAKER_L: maybe a little bit longer. I know there were some times. I, I wasn't really on it that much and then, um, definitely within this last year I've been on it pretty
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: much
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: every
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: day basically leave the prolific assistant open and tapping time. I see something really. It's a great site. Honestly one of the better like survey sites.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely, definitely. Like there's all these other sides that I've tried out and like pro prolific like just like our like miles ahead of them. Like it's not even like a comparison really.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. If you compare it to like a story like swag bucks or something. Yeah, it's as clear as day like prolific the way better option. Um The only thing that prolific kind of maybe lacking is like there could be times where you'll go in, there will be no studies because you know, they just haven't sending your way, there's nothing really at that moment that you qualify for. But when the studies are coming in, it's great. Honestly, what are some of the other sites you've tried? Because I've got a lot of this stuff like I'm pretty familiar with this kind of work,
SPEAKER_R: um Like you said like I've done swag bucks like a couple of years back, but then I started like not doing it because it took too much time and like, I don't know. I feel like I'm not sure if it was just me, but like maybe I just got like disqualified more like this like just maybe like the pay went down or like
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: page document
SPEAKER_R: happened.
SPEAKER_L: to get to know for sure. Um I don't know. Miller like those remix chats that they used to have but they basically would pay you like a couple years ago, maybe like
SPEAKER_R: I want
SPEAKER_L: 2.5
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: 3 years ago because I've been with my books for a while, they would pay you like $35 for 16 minutes, which pretty good now, it's like $15 for 16 minutes, so they bought half to the pay and what they're probably doing is just giving themselves more pain than giving us less pay. So yeah, surveys on Swag bucks really isn't like what the site's all about. It does discover offers really? That's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: why I still even use Swag bucks. Those discover offers, get a little bit money back to sign up for some off or something. Um I found the money certainly had like moderated sessions. Like I don't know if you ever heard of like Bell Italy like user interviews, the scout responding
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I definitely
SPEAKER_L: so it's
SPEAKER_R: hurt.
SPEAKER_L: like yeah, if you can get lucky enough to get in with those and get a moderated session, that's where the money's at. For sure. Focus groups are good too.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been able to match up with any of those groups recently?
SPEAKER_L: I do really well and they literally, especially this month I've been doing really well in them but it's pretty sporadic like I went a long time like months without getting anything on there and then like this month alone, I mean like three or four of them just just got really lucky. Just happen to have the demographics. That's all it really comes down to. Honestly, it's just your demographics and what kind of experiences in your life that you went through. That's basically what it comes down to focus groups. It's about like you know, just being articulate enough that they would want to hear from you I guess earlier.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Uh Well besides swag bucks, I've done like you me, I'm looking to get into like mturk and other sides so Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I thought about mturk but I don't think I want to mess with it because I don't really feel like going through with the scripts and it just feels so complicated and you know, overly convulsive and it still seems like the pan, there's really bad, like even from people I've heard that grind on mturk you have to get like so many hits before you start seeing like the decent pay ones. And so like I don't feel like doing like 2000 penny batches just to finally get like decent paid. So I'm kind of staying away from mturk but um I'm on right a lot. I don't know if you use right at but I've seen people make some crazy amounts of mturk like there's a post
SPEAKER_R: Protection
SPEAKER_L: on the bare money for him and there's a guy
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: that makes
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: like one k a month
SPEAKER_R: actually.
SPEAKER_L: on mturk, like he's a pro on, there has like the masters like qualifications or whatever because you have like 10,000 plus hits, so it works for him. For sure. I mean, that's what online works about. You know, find what works for you finding,
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: is great.
SPEAKER_L: well, what kind of things you want to do? I've seen people do a wide variety of different things like transcriptions, listening to music, reading back sentences, like it's crazy. That kind of stuff. You can do it online. Like it is actually pretty interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So this is like a question I've been pondering myself, but what do you think this study's about? Like why do you think they're hosting like webcam chats and I'm like hosting it? What do you think they're trying to get out of this?
SPEAKER_L: Um they're definitely trying to experiment something about like societal constructs because I can tell you right off the bat, you know, the parent people up from different backgrounds, like I've never been paired up with anyone a similar background to mind. So they're definitely trying to see um like how different backgrounds mash and um, just kind of how strangers can carry on a conversation because I mean it is kind of a typical right? You're
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: not going to go outside and start talking to a stranger for 25 minutes, are you? You might say like, hey, you know itself as your day, it's nice outside, but how realistically long and you talk to a stranger for maybe five minutes. So I think they are trying to, you know, see how lonesome could hold out a conversation with a stranger for um I'm not sure necessarily
SPEAKER_R: The whole
SPEAKER_L: well, like the precise
SPEAKER_R: deal with
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: that testing for is, but I'm sure it's something like that I want to say, well, what about you? What do you think their goal is?
SPEAKER_R: Personally I thought it was well like, like you said like they might want to investigate like how human dynamics, working. Like conversations basically. Like how, how, how, how well can two strangers mesh that they just met each other or like maybe less likely is like they're testing a new video conferencing platform. But I'm really waiting towards the former answer like you said.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think it's the form answer. There's a lot of video, you know, software is obviously zoom google meets Microsoft teams. Like there's already a lot of big heavy hitters. I don't think they're really going to try to find something like that. Like it kind of feels like the monopoly is already there for that one. But I mean, you never know. I do think that there chad has pretty good quality that I want to say like I've never noticed they need a laser leg or anything off with them
SPEAKER_R: So like do you do this stuff on the side or like or like basically like, I don't know, is this your main source of income or is that like a side gig?
SPEAKER_L: a side gig for sure. Unfortunately you can't make this something big income. It's kind of impossible to do my main source income before Covid I was a dog sitter. So this was perfect for that. I'll take my laptop with me. I would bang out a bunch of prolific studies going sweat, but or so watching the dogs, but Covid thwarted that. So I'm not doing that anymore. Nowadays, I'm staying afloat with this kind of stuff. I'm doing like consumer service
SPEAKER_R: I was there.
SPEAKER_L: kind of stuff. Online gig work. You know, things really into tactic repairs, just stuff like that kind of just stuff that I've known how to do for a long time and just
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: of enough
SPEAKER_R: a heart attack,
SPEAKER_L: wreck and stay afloat. Pretty much because it's tough right now because of covid our economy is really bad and we got like 10% unemployment. So like that basically means that like Kroger, there's like 500 applicants to work at Kroger. So it kind of sucks right now and you being in Cali, I got a friend in kelly's in Oakland and yeah, things are pretty rub over there too. I would imagine. So.
SPEAKER_R: Have you
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: been?
SPEAKER_L: what about you? What do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Um well currently I'm a college student. So like I'm not well like I'm fortunate enough to be like still like uh so I'm like a freshman right now in college and like I'm basically staying at home so I don't really have to worry about my finances. So I'm lucky for that. So
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's great, man. Yeah. Yeah, that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: I haven't been hit that hard. Have you been like hit hard by the pandemic and stuff like that?
SPEAKER_L: Truthfully no, I'm honestly humbled because I've read a lot of stories and people have lost way more than I have. I've read stories, people losing, fan members of registered people losing their house, people living in their car. I've never had any of that happening. I've ate every day. I'm pretty
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: blessed
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: honestly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was crazy because like back in december, I heard about this virus called Covid in china. I'm like, it would suck if it would if it got over to the United States and then like two months later it came over here, numbers are growing and I'm like dang well now it's here I guess like it would suck if it would grow like to the numbers it was in china and yeah things we'd the other things and now we're here I guess so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't think anyone foresaw that it would last this long. I mean we're almost going on a year now. It is pretty crazy. I mean we had a very poor administration honestly. I don't know if you like trump or not. I don't like trump, but we've had a pretty poor administration. I'm
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: thinking
SPEAKER_R: don't remember
SPEAKER_L: with you and
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: Callie, you probably don't like trump very blue state.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know. I feel like uh what what you would call it like the pandemic was handled really poor way to say the very waste.
SPEAKER_L: It was, he could have fixed a lot, he could have locked the border down in january and he could probably really did a good job in minimizing this because a lot of countries that did full lockdowns like Norway for instance tablet next to no cases. So it's definitely do it that this whole, we got half people at home have people at work. I mean this is stupid man. If they continue, this is never going to end. Like at least biden is being proactive about base talking about a full country lockdown, which I think truthfully needs to happen unless people want to live like this forever, which is pretty, pretty grim and depressing, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've heard like, I don't know I've heard from numerous people it's like a coronavirus is just becoming like a new flu like flu version two point. I'm like I don't know about like the mechanics of that. But like I don't know. I'd rather just get out of it really and then have to stick around.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, for sure. I've heard a lot of weird stuff like that to like conspiracy theories. They think Covid was intentional that it's to bring some new world order or so. So you have heard a lot of wild stuff about honesty and then you got the naysayers that don't even believe that exists and it's like, what are these people dying from that? Huh? Because we see people that are extremely wealthy dying from this. Like don't don't you think they'd be saved? Like there was some spanish princess that die from this? Like if I ever doubted it for a second, then that alone would have you know, shell shocked me enough to believe that, hey, this is a real legitimate threat.
SPEAKER_R: uh Well I mean even with like his poor corona response, like I'm surprised that the numbers that trump pulled through the election, like I don't know about you, but like it was like really surprising to see how much support you still garnered.
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean there's a lot of people that are always going to be aligned with him. You know, a lot of white supremacists and you know racial people and you know people that are aligned with his beliefs, a lot of rich people that you don't want to keep them in. So I didn't think it was too surprised. And honestly I would say if Covid never happened, I think trump would have swept by and by a landslide and I don't even like trump at all. Um That's just what I think honestly
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: heard trump really bad unemployment hurt trump as well because he did that thing where he told mitch McConnell not to negotiate anything on the cares act until the election. So he basically just said, you know, screw all these people. You know, I'm not giving him anything that I guarantee my election. And you know, now he's sitting there
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: in office and you know our governor for instance trying to tell him, hey, you know, P. U. S. Expiring next month. You don't know anything about things like too bad.
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: So sad.
SPEAKER_R: is,
SPEAKER_L: You know, he's more concerned about which states he can sue and try to get the election. Which is ironic because if he was the one treat and it would be totally fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like I've heard of like his lawsuits and like how to recount it, but like even then like I saw, I see the number of differentials in the states. I'm like, I think biden was like a sizable, we'd like for example, like I think like in Georgia like biden has like I'm not, I haven't kept up with it since like two weeks ago, but the last time I looked like by not a pretty sizable lead and even with like
SPEAKER_L: He did
SPEAKER_R: this, yeah. Even with the disputed votes, I'm not sure like even if the recount would matter because like biden's lead is just like bigger than the actual disputed votes.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I know everyone will especially trump supporters are trying to pull
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: the red card but I legitimately think he lost fair and square. He pissed off way too many people and they all
SPEAKER_R: In
SPEAKER_L: voted
SPEAKER_R: this life?
SPEAKER_L: and they came out and it was hurt and I just don't accept it. It's a shame honestly. You know, he really should grow up and just be mature about him. Concede. But obviously he's
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: not the type of person that would do that now.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. I don't know. Like even if it doesn't, we've done anything. I think it's, it's like a bad precedent for the future. Like what if this like same thing happens like years down the road? Like what's gonna happen then? Are we going to do another lawsuit? Like I'm like it.
SPEAKER_L: Well hopefully if another pandemic happens, whoever's our president doesn't throw out that pandemic booklet anymore because trump throughout Obama's pandemic relief programs. That would probably had some pretty good information in it. Because obviously trump didn't give a damn about it. Um So hopefully maybe in the future again, hopefully something like this doesn't happen. But hopefully if it does, you know, we'll learn from our mistakes will be more prepared next time, honestly.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, this year has been pretty crazy. There's been so many things that's been happening and like, I don't know. I don't think any of us would have really expected the amount of stuff and like the magnitude of the events that happened this year to all happen like within this man of like 6 to 8 months. Really
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. It's been a surreal year for sure. Almost like unreal. Like I don't know if you play video games at all, but whenever I wear a mask, it almost feels like, I mean like Metro or something. I don't know if you play video games at all, but that's kind of the impression I get, like this just feels like so far and like, I almost can't believe that this is real, but it is a reality honestly. And you know, we have to weather one way or another one goes,
SPEAKER_R: one video games do you want to play?
SPEAKER_L: I'm really big on battle rails. I've been playing a lot of hyper scape recently, playing a lot of Apec Still War Zone, a lot of shooters. I love shooters. I'm about to play a 13 remake. I didn't play 13 back in back in the day. I didn't play much video games when I was younger, so I'm looking forward to giving that a try because I know that was pretty well acclaimed.
SPEAKER_R: Are you like a pc enthusiast? Like do you like to build like your own pcs and stuff like that?
SPEAKER_L: Um I've built some Pcs in the past. Um I'm not really too big MPC. I do game on pc, but I do like councils a lot as well. Um It's just a lot of upkeep with Pc honestly, and I don't really have like the space right now. You know, if I had like my own place and I had a lot of space and I had like a nice long table. Sure, I'd love to get a tower, get good monitor. Well, right now, it's not really practical for me, so it's kind of taking a back seat, I guess. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, I would say I'm a pretty big pc enthusiasts, but like the thing about me is like, I'm just like generally a pretty frugal person. So like, and then like technology like it like next thing you buy something and then like next year, like it just becomes completely obsolete.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely,
SPEAKER_R: And then like you have
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: agree.
SPEAKER_R: buyer's remorse and I'm like, I mean, I don't want that to happen to me. So I guess I'm not gonna buy it I guess. And yeah, it's just like an endless cycle like that.
SPEAKER_L: that's understandable. I can relate to that for sure. I'm a minimum.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: Power.
SPEAKER_L: a minimalist myself. Like, I I don't, you know, I don't go to Starbucks every day and buy a coffee, you know, that's not something I do. You know, I live a pretty simple basic life, you know, I do indulge in technology because obviously, you know, why wouldn't I? It's not really a whole lot else to do right now anyway. Like, yeah, I try to live
SPEAKER_R: Do you
SPEAKER_L: pretty,
SPEAKER_R: think?
SPEAKER_L: you know, basic frugal life too.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um Well, games that I like to play, I mean, generally I like to play like games that entail like cooperation or competition. It really depends. Like I think you've heard of valor, right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've heard of that. Yeah, I haven't played that yet, but I've heard of that. That's piece exclusive right now. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, I'm pretty sure, but I think
SPEAKER_L: I believe,
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: I think it's gonna come to councils at some point. Yeah, I've heard of it though, heard people really liking it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've been playing violent recently, but like since all my colleges are or since all my friends are like at college and they're pretty busy. I've been like, it's been pretty rare, like uncommon for me to play because I only really play with my friends because that's when like, I think games are most fun when you play with your friends really?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, yeah, for sure. Like, I don't know if you've heard of the game road company, but like, I've been playing that a little bit too played out with some friends is real fun. You play that loans. I can really be that fun. It's squad based forum for um, so yeah, your referenda. Uh, I'm gonna send your college, that's all online though, right? I would assume.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, basically like uh
SPEAKER_L: How is that? Like, is that weird? I mean, I haven't
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: hear
SPEAKER_L: in school
SPEAKER_R: it on top?
SPEAKER_L: for a long time and I've been in school since I graduated high school and I graduated summa, it's too early. So I haven't been in school since I was about 17 years old and I'm 25 26 now, so that's been a while for me, honestly. Um so what's that really like nowadays? Like are you on like zoom google beats? Like just kind of walk me through that. I'm just kind of curious.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, like you said, we're on a video, we're on zoom. So uh yeah, basically all their classes are on zoom right now except for like some certain classes that you need hands on experience for. So basically like research laboratory positions or like uh uh maybe like basically like first laboratory crosses some other crosses that you need like hands on experience. It's just like first aid responders or stuff like that. But yeah, it's pretty limited in their scope right now because most classes are online, and I think it's gonna stay that way until like at least like fall of 2021. Like I can't.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's gonna stay away for a while. For sure, definitely. How does it work though? It works pretty well? Like do you see like 30 screens or do they just doesn't just show like the professor screen your screen? I'm just curious because I honestly don't know. No, my friends are in college. I there, so I have like nothing to go on. Honestly.
SPEAKER_R: So basically like um the professor generally joins, they start sharing their screens and people can turn on the camera if they want to or not. Generally it's pretty off because like I don't know, I guess people don't want to see each other. So yeah, generally
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: mice got to be on.
SPEAKER_R: uh. Sorry, what was that? I
SPEAKER_L: Does
SPEAKER_R: think,
SPEAKER_L: your might have to be on like I would assume probably right.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: If the
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: professor is going to ask you a question we're going to ask, you know, if you got the instructions wherever.
SPEAKER_R: honestly like most of the, most of the time of the class people's mix are off because I don't know about other people but like my professors don't really ask them any questions. Like maybe they'll throw like a question to the void and then like one or two people respond and unmet themselves. But like generally like they don't really they just teach the content and like check for understanding and then like that's basically the end of the lecture. Really?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. All right, that's cool. What are you majoring in? I don't think I asked you
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm majoring in my coat and cell biology.
SPEAKER_L: uh layman's terms right now and I'm not really necessarily sure what that exactly entails.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um It's basically like the small processes of like biology. So like you study like the process of like cellular respiration basically. Like the process of like how cells make energy for themselves and how like which which reacting products make energy and how they make it like the general mechanics of it and like photosynthesis. You know how like plants convert like sunlight into their own energy and then like the consequences of it, like how they release oxygen to the environment. And then uh maybe like you weren't about like I haven't because like I haven't really got into my major yet so I can't go into the specifics because I've been just taking a bunch of G. And like chemistry classes so.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that makes sense. I think you mentioned you're a freshman. Yeah, so that does not make sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah but that's the general just a bit like uh I mean it's basically like not microscopic but I sell your level what's happening in biology is what I would say.
SPEAKER_L: Well it certainly sounds unique and diverse for sure. Like what kind of a field would that go into like outside of typical was like being some sort of biologists or something like um where are you going to take that? I'm
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: just curious.
SPEAKER_R: Um Well there's a number of fields you could become like a laboratory researcher, you could research.
SPEAKER_L: that would be really well, wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you could become a researcher where like you study like the effects of like, you know different proteins on certain cells are like how like cells communicate with each other or something like that. There's a there's like a broad range of topics you can do as a researcher.
SPEAKER_L: Is that where your interest in taking it to research? Because I think that sounds really cool honestly. I mean I love research. Obviously here I am. I'm prolific. You know this is a research like this. So yeah I love seeing research honestly because it's conclusive and you know data driven. So I think that's super cool. I mean that'd be a great paying job to honestly and what you get in California. I'm sure you've got a lot of opportunities or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure, for sure. In addition to that, you can also become like any of like um uh many health care jobs opened up with a biology degree, like such as like dentistry pharmacy, like medicine, but for that you have to go into like a professional school, so like you have to get
SPEAKER_L: That's really expensive stuff to dental schools like 200 K. A lot of those dentists, they don't make almost nothing to like about 10 years once they talked their student loans. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty expensive. We have a distant family member that's a dentist. So we've kind of heard a little bit about those stories over the years. It's it's a tough one. For sure because college is so expensive over here honestly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't know, college prices have been like slowly hiking up over the years and like
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, for sure. I've seen a chart from like the seventies until now, like it's just so crazy and the same that the wages honestly like wages are pretty stagnant nowadays compared to what they were um you know, but with the boomer generation, you know, they could raise the whole family on one income, that's impossible now. Honestly you can't, you're not raising a family one, can you be lucky you raise yourself on one income. So yeah, it's crazy. It's it's tough rolled out there for sure right now. Honestly
SPEAKER_R: I don't know the world is just like, I don't know, everybody's trying to get a wake up on each other and so like you
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: need
SPEAKER_L: capitalism
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: honestly. I mean that's kind of how we're raising Todd. I mean just look at it from school were kind of raised from elementary school, hey, stand out from your classmates, you know, rise above them, you
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: know, look
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: for yourself.
SPEAKER_R: anyway
SPEAKER_L: So it's kind of just something ingrained into all of us and probably green and most Western societies as well. It's even worse than Japan if you can believe that its culture over there.
SPEAKER_R: Oh really? I thought
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, they even more hardcore than us. Like if you think like capitalism over hair is insane, like don't go to Japan man, like they, they're real tough.
SPEAKER_R: I would think it would be the opposite because I thought like asian countries were like really into this like sense of community and like helping each other out, but that's really surprising actually.
SPEAKER_L: that's a good insight that you bring that up. But yeah, you would think that. But it's kind of from what I've been reading more on studies where if you're not extremely successful over there, they basically ostracized from society. That's why suicide in Japan is so, you know, rampantly high. But their culture is amazing though. Honestly. Like that would be a place I'd love to go to and just travel and kind of just, you know, enjoy their culture, but I would not want to live there. Honestly. that's like us to point out so uh no, thank you really,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Have you, have you been considering places to travel before, obviously before those heads? Like where do you, where would you like to travel?
SPEAKER_L: I mean there's a lot of places I'd love to travel, you know, one day love to just kinda almost just leave everything behind so to say and just kind of, you know, go back pack and go to Australia, go to Germany, go to Sweden, I'm obsessed with nordic countries, they're just so quiet, so small, low population, like I would
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: love to
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: travel to a lot of nordic countries like Denmark, Sweden, Finland, like I'm just fascinated by them really. I
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: don't know if it's because of like the differences in the culture or that they have female prime ministers are, what exactly
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it is that so like, intriguing for me. But yeah, I would love to go over there and just absorb their culture and just a lot of the blogs, stories I've read online, It just it sounds so interesting. So hopefully one day I got a chance to go out there. Never really had much of a chance. It's kind of more than like work, work work kind of deal, because I was kind of how it is over here, unless you have like rich parents, you're gonna be working almost nonstop. And most of my friends got two jobs, so at least I'm looking in that regard. I go, so I do have a pretty good amount of fruit time, thankfully, a lot of my work is kind of, you know, orientated on my time really. Like I can work at 11 am I can work at 11 PM. You know, it's my call, kind of as long as I can get it done before the client wants it done, which is nice. That's why I like being self employed so much. You know,
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: I would hate
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: being like a bagger at walmart or something, you know that be about torture for me. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: for sure. For sure.
SPEAKER_L: I got to do something, like I got to do something, I create something right, You know, I feel like I'm doing something beneficial and I'm not saying that that's not beneficial job to society because of course it is. You know, that's an extremely important job. Society that's technically undermined honestly, because, you know, we need groceries, that's kind of why you're seeing the whole essential workers nowadays.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but like, you know the whole concept of like supply and demand, you know, there's a lot of people demand, there's a lot of people that want to supply these jaws, but like not that much demand, so like they just get paid
SPEAKER_L: I am for sure.
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then, you know, so many people want to get the jobs when people need the jobs, like yeah, it's tough out there, honestly, you got to just do whatever works for you. And I mean if you're in a good situation, you just stick with it. It sounds like in your case you're in a pretty good situation being in college.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's
SPEAKER_R: trying
SPEAKER_L: pretty nice. You kind of got your own barons. You know, you can kind of,
SPEAKER_R: before I want to
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: die.
SPEAKER_L: know the term what you want to do and you don't really have that burden over your head about how am I going to pay for this or I'm going to pay for that. So um it definitely sounds pretty good in that scenario.
SPEAKER_R: I'm really thankful for that. Uh Yeah, I can't imagine like having the stress over like every little thing, like can I really pay
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: for this? Like do I really have to skip the meal because I can't do it? Like
SPEAKER_L: I read that it's so depressed and like, I'm grateful, I'm in a good place like that as well, like I'm just living with my mom, so I'm safe, safe, safe, safe, safe. Pretty much all my income basically. I mean, I help out with expenses and help out with anything that she asks of me. But um yeah, I've been pretty blessed and grateful. I've been able to stay here and I have to blow on my, my income on rent because for instance, let's say if I was running an apartment out here
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: and typical apartment, maybe two bedroom, 800 bucks or so, yeah, I wouldn't have a whole lot left after that's paid basically. And I'd be living pretty frugally, honestly, very low income at that point. So, um, yeah, and that's something that again, you probably would agree with that background, the american culture behind that, putting your kids out at 18. That's so far. And I think to me, especially nowadays with how tough it is out there in the real world. I think you should keep your kids with you as long as, as you can, you know, as long as it's working well, you know, as long as your kids doing something at the house. And I don't think there's any problem with delegates if I had kids, I mean, I don't want to have kids if I had kids, I won't have any problem with my kids staying with me forever. You know, I feel like it's the parents, my responsibility to, you know, make sure my kids well supported that, you know, my kid has all the materials needed to succeed because it's a tough world out there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can't think of like, I don't know like I go and read it sometimes and then like I just see stories of
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: love writer,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I just see these stories on Reddit that are like, oh, I was just given an ultimatum to move out within like x amount of time. I'm like day. That must be really tough.
SPEAKER_L: it sounds like something on the poverty for him because I see that a lot on their poverty
SPEAKER_R: I want
SPEAKER_L: finance
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: or unemployment. I read a lot of depressing stories on there. Like I just read some story earlier about some woman who's contemplating killing herself because she she was done with her last $100 and our unemployment
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: ran out and she went through some nasty divorce and she couldn't get any help at all. Like it just really sad. It just really sticks with you, especially if you're sensitive person. So it just sucks and stuff like that even happens to people and it just yeah, I asked myself, you know why does that happen? We live in one of the wealthiest, most resourceful ist countries in the world, you know what, why why would someone have to live like that, you know, It just just mind blowing when that happens.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Their wealth is just like really inequitable here basically.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, for sure that the income equality nowadays, I think there was a time where people were like, you know, hey, I'm not really noticing it, you know, we're doing alright, we're middle class kind of people I think with the middle class shrinking so severely now, people are really seeing it now where it's like you're either deported or you're filthy rich and yeah, when you're seeing only a couple of people having all the wealth of the country, yeah, it really sticks with you. It's like, wow, I guess we're just basically working for these guys, I guess, right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We're all like cog in the machine basically.
SPEAKER_L: basically. And I try not to focus on a lot of that too much because it's pretty dystopian and it gets very depressed and thinking about that kind of stuff where it's like, oh yeah, we're just meat to the grinder, you know, we're just working for the bourgeoisie class. So I try to just think like, hey, at least my time on this planet, you know, at least I was blessed with the opportunity that I don't have to be a bagger, I will emerge or something. Like I can do stuff from my house, make money that way. So I'm all these blasts that were so technology advanced, you can even make money on, right? Because look at some other countries, you can't make money online really. Even even if you can it's not being much like look at India outsourcing there is ridiculous like if you're working online you're gonna get paid like probably $2 tops.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All right. Well, this conversation has been really insightful. I've really enjoyed,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was nice talking to you as well. What was your name if you don't mind me asking
SPEAKER_R: my name is Justin
SPEAKER_L: johnston? Alright, it was nice talking to Justin my name is Brandon. You have a good day. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: See you Brandon by