uh Pretty good. I mean, I'm a bit tired though because like I just sat there like six hours of classes. So yeah.
you're doing the weekend? Sorry, what did you do over the weekend? Yeah.
Problem.
No.
Oh really? What were you infected with? Yeah.
Oh, I I hope you're feeling better. Today sucks there.
hmm.
I'm currently in California right now. So yeah,
No.
Yeah. I want to see what it's like to be like and I guess no storm or something. I mean, I think it's a bit more romanticized in like a bunch of films, but like I want to just like experience a couple of times. They're like
and
walking.
So how many times have you done this study or is this your first time?
How long have you been a prolific user for?
Please.
Just
like
that.
Yeah, definitely, definitely. Like there's all these other sides that I've tried out and like pro prolific like just like our like miles ahead of them. Like it's not even like a comparison really.
um Like you said like I've done swag bucks like a couple of years back, but then I started like not doing it because it took too much time and like, I don't know. I feel like I'm not sure if it was just me, but like maybe I just got like disqualified more like this like just maybe like the pay went down or like
something
happened.
I want
to
go.
And
Yeah, I definitely
hurt.
Have you been able to match up with any of those groups recently?
Uh huh. Yeah. Uh Well besides swag bucks, I've done like you me, I'm looking to get into like mturk and other sides so Yeah.
Protection
you
know
actually.
This
is great.
Mhm. So this is like a question I've been pondering myself, but what do you think this study's about? Like why do you think they're hosting like webcam chats and I'm like hosting it? What do you think they're trying to get out of this?
Hello?
The whole
deal with
it.
Personally I thought it was well like, like you said like they might want to investigate like how human dynamics, working. Like conversations basically. Like how, how, how, how well can two strangers mesh that they just met each other or like maybe less likely is like they're testing a new video conferencing platform. But I'm really waiting towards the former answer like you said.
So like do you do this stuff on the side or like or like basically like, I don't know, is this your main source of income or is that like a side gig?
I was there.
You
have
a heart attack,
Have you
been?
Um well currently I'm a college student. So like I'm not well like I'm fortunate enough to be like still like uh so I'm like a freshman right now in college and like I'm basically staying at home so I don't really have to worry about my finances. So I'm lucky for that. So
I haven't been hit that hard. Have you been like hit hard by the pandemic and stuff like that?
Thank
you.
Yeah, it was crazy because like back in december, I heard about this virus called Covid in china. I'm like, it would suck if it would if it got over to the United States and then like two months later it came over here, numbers are growing and I'm like dang well now it's here I guess like it would suck if it would grow like to the numbers it was in china and yeah things we'd the other things and now we're here I guess so.
I
don't remember
that.
Yeah. I don't know. I feel like uh what what you would call it like the pandemic was handled really poor way to say the very waste.
Yeah. I've heard like, I don't know I've heard from numerous people it's like a coronavirus is just becoming like a new flu like flu version two point. I'm like I don't know about like the mechanics of that. But like I don't know. I'd rather just get out of it really and then have to stick around.
uh Well I mean even with like his poor corona response, like I'm surprised that the numbers that trump pulled through the election, like I don't know about you, but like it was like really surprising to see how much support you still garnered.
Yeah, I guess
it's
What?
This
is,
Yeah. Like I've heard of like his lawsuits and like how to recount it, but like even then like I saw, I see the number of differentials in the states. I'm like, I think biden was like a sizable, we'd like for example, like I think like in Georgia like biden has like I'm not, I haven't kept up with it since like two weeks ago, but the last time I looked like by not a pretty sizable lead and even with like
this, yeah. Even with the disputed votes, I'm not sure like even if the recount would matter because like biden's lead is just like bigger than the actual disputed votes.
All
In
this life?
great.
Mm. I don't know. Like even if it doesn't, we've done anything. I think it's, it's like a bad precedent for the future. Like what if this like same thing happens like years down the road? Like what's gonna happen then? Are we going to do another lawsuit? Like I'm like it.
Mhm. Yeah, this year has been pretty crazy. There's been so many things that's been happening and like, I don't know. I don't think any of us would have really expected the amount of stuff and like the magnitude of the events that happened this year to all happen like within this man of like 6 to 8 months. Really
one video games do you want to play?
Are you like a pc enthusiast? Like do you like to build like your own pcs and stuff like that?
Uh Yeah, I would say I'm a pretty big pc enthusiasts, but like the thing about me is like, I'm just like generally a pretty frugal person. So like, and then like technology like it like next thing you buy something and then like next year, like it just becomes completely obsolete.
And then like you have
like
buyer's remorse and I'm like, I mean, I don't want that to happen to me. So I guess I'm not gonna buy it I guess. And yeah, it's just like an endless cycle like that.
Thank you.
Power.
Do you
think?
Mhm. Um Well, games that I like to play, I mean, generally I like to play like games that entail like cooperation or competition. It really depends. Like I think you've heard of valor, right?
Um Yeah, I'm pretty sure, but I think
that,
yeah, I've been playing violent recently, but like since all my colleges are or since all my friends are like at college and they're pretty busy. I've been like, it's been pretty rare, like uncommon for me to play because I only really play with my friends because that's when like, I think games are most fun when you play with your friends really?
Yeah, basically like uh
you
hear
it on top?
So yeah, like you said, we're on a video, we're on zoom. So uh yeah, basically all their classes are on zoom right now except for like some certain classes that you need hands on experience for. So basically like research laboratory positions or like uh uh maybe like basically like first laboratory crosses some other crosses that you need like hands on experience. It's just like first aid responders or stuff like that. But yeah, it's pretty limited in their scope right now because most classes are online, and I think it's gonna stay that way until like at least like fall of 2021. Like I can't.
So basically like um the professor generally joins, they start sharing their screens and people can turn on the camera if they want to or not. Generally it's pretty off because like I don't know, I guess people don't want to see each other. So yeah, generally
just
uh. Sorry, what was that? I
think,
You
know,
honestly like most of the, most of the time of the class people's mix are off because I don't know about other people but like my professors don't really ask them any questions. Like maybe they'll throw like a question to the void and then like one or two people respond and unmet themselves. But like generally like they don't really they just teach the content and like check for understanding and then like that's basically the end of the lecture. Really?
Um I'm majoring in my coat and cell biology.
Yeah. Um It's basically like the small processes of like biology. So like you study like the process of like cellular respiration basically. Like the process of like how cells make energy for themselves and how like which which reacting products make energy and how they make it like the general mechanics of it and like photosynthesis. You know how like plants convert like sunlight into their own energy and then like the consequences of it, like how they release oxygen to the environment. And then uh maybe like you weren't about like I haven't because like I haven't really got into my major yet so I can't go into the specifics because I've been just taking a bunch of G. And like chemistry classes so.
So yeah but that's the general just a bit like uh I mean it's basically like not microscopic but I sell your level what's happening in biology is what I would say.
No.
Um Well there's a number of fields you could become like a laboratory researcher, you could research.
Yeah, you could become a researcher where like you study like the effects of like, you know different proteins on certain cells are like how like cells communicate with each other or something like that. There's a there's like a broad range of topics you can do as a researcher.
Yeah, for sure, for sure. In addition to that, you can also become like any of like um uh many health care jobs opened up with a biology degree, like such as like dentistry pharmacy, like medicine, but for that you have to go into like a professional school, so like you have to get
you.
Yeah, I don't know, college prices have been like slowly hiking up over the years and like
I don't know the world is just like, I don't know, everybody's trying to get a wake up on each other and so like you
need
like
because
you
think
anyway
Oh really? I thought
I would think it would be the opposite because I thought like asian countries were like really into this like sense of community and like helping each other out, but that's really surprising actually.
Yeah. Have you, have you been considering places to travel before, obviously before those heads? Like where do you, where would you like to travel?
It's
just
Mhm.
Mhm.
Come
on.
for sure. For sure.
Yeah, but like, you know the whole concept of like supply and demand, you know, there's a lot of people demand, there's a lot of people that want to supply these jaws, but like not that much demand, so like they just get paid
so.
I'm
trying
before I want to
die.
I'm really thankful for that. Uh Yeah, I can't imagine like having the stress over like every little thing, like can I really pay
for this? Like do I really have to skip the meal because I can't do it? Like
what?
Yeah, I can't think of like, I don't know like I go and read it sometimes and then like I just see stories of
like,
yeah, I just see these stories on Reddit that are like, oh, I was just given an ultimatum to move out within like x amount of time. I'm like day. That must be really tough.
I want
to.
True.
Yeah. Their wealth is just like really inequitable here basically.
Yeah. We're all like cog in the machine basically.
Yeah. All right. Well, this conversation has been really insightful. I've really enjoyed,
my name is Justin
See you Brandon by