Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Frightful. Come on. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That motherfucker. Oh yeah we'll be fighting them down the path. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Okay wow. Yeah. Kingdom eu figures. Understate yeah. Sorry people. Mhm. Okay. Hey there. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh.
How are you?
I'm Alex
I saw you yeah.
Um I'm in my bedroom at my apartment today. Uh huh.
Um I live in bloomington Indiana.
Yeah. Um It's a college town. Uh So it's kind of a strange when the students aren't here, I guess it's different than there's like two different universes of bloomington, kind of like when the students are here versus like when they go home and it's like everyone that lives here is here. So it's a little it's kind of strange, it's like a city but it feels like a town more. Oh
University.
I studied social work uh and counseling.
Um when I was probably like 10 or 11, I had a bad experience with a social worker, and so I was kind of like oh I didn't know this was a job, why are there so many bad ones, you know? So I was just kind of like drawn to it? Okay.
Um We're doing it's kind of weird,
we're doing um The 1st 12 weeks or something up until Thanksgiving um is online or in person, I think it's up to the instructors, uh which one they're doing, and then after thanksgiving break it's all online since people will be traveling back home and stuff. Yeah, and then I think we're doing I think the first part of our spring semester is online For like three or 4 weeks and then I think stuff is back in person or online, so we're doing
it
little
weird. Um I'm okay with online schools online classes because I take them anyway in addition to my in person classes, so I really don't have a preference.
No,
I get to district like I'm not, I can't focus on them and just like sitting there like, like fidgeting.
That's interesting.
You think
we are?
I have a bunch
of friends
that are I am not mm.
Um It's I don't, it says um has a picture of a bulldog and you can see it's giant balls from behind. I don't know if you can call, it says if you ain't the lead dog, the view never changes. I found
it at goodwill and I thought it was funny. So I wear it around the house.
I'm more of a cat person actually.
Yeah, I love cats.
Um Yeah, I lived with three roommates and we each have a cat. Yeah.
Yeah, they all like each other a lot. So
my parents name is Gallagher.
dagger.
What?
No.
For me.
Yeah. We all know um we all lived on a floor together and that's how we met in the dorms.
Yeah, I guess ideally my long term goal is to be um a sexual assault slash
PTSD counselor. Um That's my goal, but I definitely have a big interest in like poverty and homelessness. So I think like after I get my masters
um I think I would want to go into like working at a homeless shelter or something like that because I volunteered there for a mandatory class and I don't I don't know, it just really like struck me I guess.
But
um my long term goal is to go into um sexual
assault counselling or like counseling with pts. See individuals.
Well I have a bunch of close friends that have gone through sexual assault and I also have um and so I guess it's really like I've always wanted to do counseling specifically and so I think it would be kind of cool to like help people that have gone through similar things to me I guess.
I am 21, I was supposed to graduate um in 2021 but um I have to take an extra year now so I graduate my undergrad in 2022. Um And then my graduate degree is um only one year but it's summer fall and spring semesters, so there's no break at all, so technically I'll have my Masters at 24 I think.
Um it was due to like mental health stuff and like struggling with glasses and I had a professor. Bill wasn't so understanding, so
Yeah, that's all, that's what I said to, it happened to one of my roommates is in the same year as me in social work, are graduating classes like small, like 70-80 people for our school. Um So like uh we both ended up having to take an extra year because of the same professor.
Oh yeah, I have two of them, I don't know how to show them. I have this one. Um It's a skull on fire.
and then I have one up here, it's a moth from Silence of the lambs.
How?
he's scary.
Um I don't know, I guess it's my genre. Um And I also just kind of like the design of the moth. It was a Friday 13th flash tattoo, so it was kind of like a whim. I wasn't really sure what I was getting, like when I initially like signed up for getting a tattoo, I was just kind of like, I haven't seen the designs yet, but yeah, I want to get a tattoo. So
um my, there is um this shop that I go to for um my piercings um that I have, and so they also have tattoo artists and they, one of the artists was doing a flash sale um and it was just like stuff that um someone else had drawn up, but he bought two tattoo, 100 people,
I guess, I think that's how it works. Um and so I looked through them and like it was just the one I liked the most. None of mine have stories yet. I have some plan, but I don't have them here.
I'm
I don't really know if it does.
I know that my plan is to have um one arm be about like life um with like plants and like I I definitely want a frog and a snail tattoo. Um And then my other arm is like a death um tattoo sleeve.
Yeah, it's now um
doesn't give us any touch too. Well, I don't know. Um I love frogs,
I
believe. Yeah. I've always loved drugs. There are like pictures of me. Um I lived in michigan when I was born and um like if there are pictures of me at like one years old, like catching frogs. So I'm like, I don't know, I've just always been obsessed with them and I'm going to get a pet frog eventually. Um I have snails right now. I've also always like snails.
No,
I bought to sales um because I wanted to for my fish tank. Um
and then they keep having babies. So I have a lot of snails right now
that I'm trying to get
rid
of actually.
It's um I know that they're different, but I don't know necessarily like how or why. Um they're called mystery snails or apple snails are pretty common for like fish tanks and stuff. Yeah.
Um I have, yeah, I have a bunch of snails are some fish in it. Um Mostly sales right now.
Um my two that I bought initially, I did name them um because it was the joke was that I was gonna get to snails and they're the janitors and so I named them jim and jammed the janitors.
and then they just kept having babies. I'm going to keep one of the baby's nails just cause like I don't know, I think that's kind of cool to keep one of them, so eventually I'm going to get the give the rest away once they're bigger.
Well it's um I guess the homeless shelter we have here um I haven't volunteered in about a year and a half so things might be a little different but I doubt they're very dramatic. Um We have a kitchen um there that serves breakfast and lunch. Um Mhm. There
are like showers that people can rent out um for like 30 minute segments. Um Same
thing
from
Um and then there's also a washer and dryer that people can like rent out. There's a bunch of like people have a bunch of storage um that people at the death school, like it will be like I have storage number five and my name is this. And we're like, Okay, can you check it out so that if anything's taken, you can't be like uh well like we're accountable or something. Um We also
have my favorite part of it. Um Well we have social workers there. We have three social workers That are there for one specifically for re homing. Um No one is for like unemployment and money's stuff. I don't know what the third one is specifically for. Maybe they don't have a specific roll I guess. But my favorite part is in the upstairs, there's this area where people like donate clothes and like shoes and stuff like that and the stuff that has been there for like five or 6 months or stuff that gets donated, that they don't feel like they don't put like political stuff up for people to take just because like their non for profit. And technically I guess they can't like pick like like promote political ideas I guess. Um But
the close up they don't want um
They
donate.
Yeah.
Yeah that's true. Um My favorite they donate the clothes that they don't want or don't use. Um And they donated to Goodwill and then Goodwill is like okay um Like this is $150 worth of clothes here is like so many like gift cards that you can give like your clients for Like $15 of goodwill money. Yeah. So.
Mhm.
What?
Um When I volunteered I was doing it as a class and so they do that they have that a lot. I worked with like two other student volunteers behind the desk. And that's when um we basically like signed people up for like the shower or to see their social worker. Uh We took like donations. Um We also had like stuff behind the desk to give out. Like we had like feminine feminine hygiene stuff and like deodorant and tooth brushes and things like that um that we gave out. We also have things like ibuprofen or like allergy medicine that people can take once a day, I think.
Yeah. It's a big problem. Um And
yeah, it's very bad
here. Um I don't remember the homeless story, but it's pretty high. The poverty rate in bloomington indiana is actually very high. Um
There are county is the highest county ranking wise in indiana for um alcohol
abuse, which is often linked to poverty and homelessness. Um. True. So yeah, it's a pretty big problem here.
Yeah. I think the biggest one people have is that it's somehow linked like to the college into the students. Um
Because a lot, yeah because a lot of the housing goes to students and um like the housing is higher price wise because of the university and like some a lot of the time the students aren't paying the rent. Their parents are so.
That's right.
All
Thank
you.
Yeah I think I guess I don't know how prominent is it is in other parts of indiana but I know that poverty in general is there are like very specific parts of indiana where poverty levels are pretty high and blooming just bloomington was just one of them.
Oh
What?
You know.
Yeah it was nice talk to you.
I think so.
Thank
you.
Yeah. You too.