Hey, how's it going?
Yeah, well, I'm Jeremiah
Alex, Nice to meet you.
We left today.
What? Where's your apartment?
Okay. Never been. I'm over here in san Diego. What? What was bloomington indiana like?
You said there are universities there. Which one or which ones?
Okay. Is that where you go? What do you, what are you studying
man? I hope. Yeah, we pray for our social workers all the time. Like the patients and the courage and it's definitely not an easy job, but we need we need good people in the field. What what took you to social work?
And your your distance mounted obviously have you guys because decided like all the colleges around here have said it will be discussed learning in the fall at least for the short term, the school season. What, what's up with indiana same thing?
no.
Do you
have a
preference?
You don't miss
opinion in class and uh huh
Yeah, I'm the I'm the opposite. It's really hard. It's really hard for me to focus at home, but if I'm in I'm in a setting like that, you know, the teachers right there and I'm I'm actively taking notes. I feel like I retained a lot more. But if you like this this format like over zoom also hard, like I'd much rather be in person. I feel like I I can receive a lot more. Right. Yeah.
Yeah. But my wife, my wife is like that where she's an introvert and this whole stay at home, like she's
flourished. She's like, oh, this this is great.
Get to get to hang out at home, get to hang out with family all day long, I don't need to go out. So Yeah, I think
what's
your
What's your, what's your shirt? What does that say?
there
Are you a dog lover?
No way.
Do you have any cats?
and they get along?
What's the name of your cats
dagger or jagger? I miss that.
I like
the knife. Yeah. Okay. Not like the singer. Yeah
it is. Yeah. We hear and and as do we Yes, we have a lot of dogs. A dog city. You don't see, you can see a whole lot of cat households. Like when when we first moved here I remember the culture shot because even at the stores like Home Depot and Safeway people would just be there with their dogs. Like it was nothing and it took it took a while and they even told us coming in like there are more dogs than Children. In fact their dogs are their Children. So they don't don't make fun of their their dog sweaters. They don't don't get weird looks when we see them at the store, Just, yeah. Just be cool.
Yeah. So you lived with three roommates can also go to the college? Yeah. Oh.
Okay. Tell me more about the social work. Like if you could, if you could just design your perfect job for when you graduate, where would that be? And because there's there's different facets in different areas where social work, Right? You know that for the last yeah.
All
And yeah.
Uh that might be our thing because I work with homeless folks,
but when you when you first said you cut out for a split second, what was what was the field that you said specifically that you wanted to go into?
Yeah.
First, wow. That's a heavy Yeah. That's a that's a heavy field, man. I don't know if I could think of a heavier one. Right? What what's drawing you to that? Just a desire to help people designer.
Yeah. Front line. Like that's I mean, I think when you combine the innocence of kids and then the heaviness of the topic and then how complicated and convoluted this system can be to get to get help for these kids. Like I could just it takes a special type of person to to walk to walk through those kind of water. So like good for you man. Like that's like I said, that's it's front lines. Yeah. How old are you? How far away are you from graduating?
Not too bad. But at least you can see At least 11 start to see like the end of the tunnel, Right? Was it was the extension because of Covid and the shutdown?
Okay. You had a professor that was an understanding in the social science field. I feel like those things should go together.
Yeah. And I saw I saw the tack. What's that?
I shouldn't school. Okay,
I was just have three kids. I was telling my oldest that I couldn't sleep for days after a science of the land. Like, you know, it wasn't it's not even like I don't know like the tangible scary movie, you know? But it's
it just terrified me. Like Hannibal Lecter like just terrified me. Like
what What character What about what about the movie that made you love it so much?
Yeah. Okay. And then what about the the school? What's the story with that?
What?
Well now that you've
had it does it symbolize something for you has come to mean something. Uh huh.
No.
Much and death. Okay. Why the why the frog and the frog and snake.
It's now
we like our
touts.
You collect them and we're
not.
No
they
do
that.
Is it a special type of snail like different than the one side would see outside?
You just have a fish tank with a bunch of snails.
I'm a drink. Are you are you attached to the snails like you name them?
Jimmy can
Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Man. Hey tell me more about your work with the homeless. What's that like? And what's the homeless shelter like? How often do you go?
Oh
showers
are
on type? Okay.
one.
interesting.
It
is
a political idea but yeah.
Uh huh. Everything is political.
mm
and you when you're when you're there
your role is you're at the desk or you're working with the social workers like what do they have you?
And the basics, are there a lot of homeless in your area
serious
fine.
Through
No
Yeah that's that's heavy, is there yeah. Are their theories as to why It's so high employment 1?
Really?
So the affordability goes down right. Yeah I can do that san Diego is not much different than that. The the housing market is off the charts. So even if if you yeah Even like our friends who are on Section eight which is a whole different story right? Because it's a minimum 20 years to get approved. But even then I think they cap you at $900 a month and then you're not you're not allowed to work on top of that.
And the average rent is like in the middle like 1000. So it's like 1500 or so for a one bedroom. So then like you said you you just have this like perpetuating like how we're supposed to be like our people supposed to step out
of that cycle if they can never catch their breath that they can never say that they can never invest there just they're just stuck. Right? And like we just create these monsters that um government masters where they just but what are they going to do? They get a job then they lose your section eight. And if it was your section eight then you know, so it's a problem. But I never when I think about
when I think
about indiana, I don't really think about homelessness. Like that's that's heavy.
mm hmm, crushing poverty can be crushing, right? I
think and a quarter I think we're about at time. But if um if I if I could just say this, I gathered I gather that you've been through some really challenging just stuff, right? And um I think I think I would just say like mad respect to you for fighting through it, right? And um like I think in both of our lives we've met people who like have
faced hard things like that and they they've given up and gone the other direction. So perhaps you for fighting through and like staying in your studies and you know like man you're a survivor. Your survivor. Some good for you brother. It's good to see
young people with a good head on their shoulders and who want to help people and who even want to take negative experiences and and turn that around and redeem them for the good of other people. So yeah man, it was it was nice. I don't even know if we met each other. It was nice. It was nice to have this the zoom zoom mate.
Yeah. Um I think we just sign off. Is that how this goes?
Okay? Well best of luck with the snails and
you're
your future frogs and enjoy yeah, enjoy the rest of your evening.
All right mom. And it's Alex right, got it. And I'm Jeremiah. All right man, Have a good one.