the testing sound? Where is sound? There is testing found on Okay. Should be ready to rock. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah.
this is great. I figured I wouldn't get anybody to show up for me because I got somebody last night. And what are the chances of actually two in a row? Super excited. All right.
Fuck
Let's go
Have about 5050. Like they've they've tried it six times and three times someone showed up and three times somebody hasn't. And I'm actually now. No, I think I'm still 5050. But this will be my 4th 1. Which is pretty exciting to me because I have spent a lot of five minutes staring at the screen. And last night me and this guy talks so long. I thought that they'd never let me do it. I was like, oh, we're so fired. They're gonna take our names off the list because I think they have to look at the whole tape, don't they?
I just throw that one off the list and I didn't get a notification for tonight. I wish I just happened to be looking at it in a message popped up and I'm like, oh I should put that on my calendar
and I was looking at it and it was just, it was an hour ago. It was one minute before they send the email. So if I just hadn't happened to be looking, you'd be staring at an empty screen because
In situation and that's just up at 9 59 and I'm like, okay, put the clothes back on your back and drove through a backdrop up. But I'm, I'm happy because we get to talk and we get to make money and, and then we get to like watch tv and go to bed a nice
way to cap off the evening.
What?
No. But I like to get
the big amount
of money
instead of a small amount of money And the questions at the end. I mean it is hard to do 20 minutes of survey questions because you're like it was only an hour ago. I'm pretty much the same person. Um But I do
answer the questions differently. So whatever they're studying there's something to measure.
No this would be my wait I gotta
count
my head.
Young lady. All right. You would be my 5th person don't
the
six
but
true.
I don't remember
this experience.
It,
I
yeah I had to set an alarm clock for myself even
though
we
only got the notice an hour ago because I was sure I forget again um Because it wasn't on my schedule and I didn't make my day around it or anything. But yeah I do I guess I do
so many surveys and studies. I mean not like a million but I kind of do remember doing something where you had to identify facial expression for the motions and stuff. I just didn't
remember it was for better up laps. But the first time you could only participate four times and I didn't I mean I only did like
to and then I think
this
is another round and you can do it Six times. So in this round I've only
done it too so I could technically
do 400
times I guess.
really? Because it's a problem with everyone I've talked to that we actually at one point we were
wondering whether
that's what they were studying, what people do in that five minutes way are reported, we're sitting
there staring at the camera,
you know, half joking, half not because you really don't know what they're studying on. I told me I didn't read it and I don't remember anyway because like yeah, I kind of trust these people are oh no good.
And we have
40 minutes
of follow up questions that are more like our psychological profile type questions. So I'm guessing. But I think they're studying whether human interaction
makes people feel better or something
like that because it does with that before and after and
how
well we are reading the other person.
intentions and stuff. And I know I'm really
aware that I interrupt people
and every time I have to fill out this survey I have to like admit like the survey, you know, we're the transition smooth know
who was the partner doing? Yes. Were you doing it right? Oh yeah. And it goes on from, there is a lot of questions afterwards. So um I do stuff for years are testing to where they pay to have people used use new products and, and apps and stuff and that seems like if they were trying
to make like a new zoom
that would belong like a user testing experience and they don't care
how we feel or
what we think or whatever, they just want to know about
the product. So I have a degree in psychology
so I could have met like a zillion
things that could be studying and if they happen
during this before the pandemic, they just really lucked into already having a funded study running during a time for everyone I've talked to has been pretty much shut in not living their normal social life up at this point. Where do you, where are you located?
Yeah, I kind of thought, I almost thought Canada because I can hear the close to the border accent, but so I'm down
on himself,
I've talked to people you know, far away in a different places that aren't experiencing the same thing at the same time. So last night I talked to a guy that was just in the next state over. So we're experiencing sort of the same reality at the same time, you know, with
wet
pandemic strikes and when the tornadoes
and the hurricanes and everything else. Um, so that was interesting even though
we were
a million years we had a lot common just because of geography. So you're
are you near the fires then? We're really
bad. Who?
What?
No.
Well.
but Okay.
Well,
so was it actually flooding or or did it cause like landslides and stuff? Oh
And
I
Yeah.
All right. What?
it was, it was continuous LAMAs, the water never left and there was, people hadn't even come back, I've lost count. I mean when there was two storms in the same week in the gulf, it's like that's no longer news. Just assume that Louisiana is underwater. Parts of texas are underwater. People are going to have to move to colorado. I'm in south Carolina so I'm right next to Georgia and yeah,
so, But we're getting fired now too because we have weather extremes, it's either hurricane
or drought. So now um like Highway 20, you know, in traffic backs up and it's
summer, it heats up that highway so much that it starts brush fires just from the car is being next to that dry. It's a lot like
colorado and that you just
have the smarts grass, pine trees
were all flammable. So their brush fires, we had
one
that went from Augusta to Colombia
just
when he was just spontaneously combusting
and sort of moving off the roads and they dealt with it because just luck there just
wasn't for pictures in the way because it's not like we were expecting it or we train teams to deal with it or anything. That's your problem. Not our problem.
We're supposed to worry about floods and now it's like everything. Um, but it's nothing like there. I mean we do have the timber,
but I think there's, there are other factors out west to the winds
or something because the way it just brought um
before get it
here, it will light on
fire.
But they managed to put it out without those resources so it just must not be spreading
as
that.
I mean I wouldn't
bring that up into a total
stranger because it's so controversial but I'm
completely convinced. And I also started Like in school we had to start studying in 2005 and it's exactly what they said it was going
to be,
Unfortunately in 2005 I didn't understand
that drier and windier meant it was all going to be on fire, so okay, well that's what it's going to be like where I live in that year. I'll stay there. I mean I'm living in the hills
beach will be closer and it's going to be drier and windier. Well I don't like humidity. You've lived in Georgia. What could
make better turn down the humidity might not be great because I didn't know I hadn't been out west. You know, I didn't
didn't go out west tops maybe 10 years ago. So I, I've never seen that and I flew there and like my eyes are glued to the window the whole time because how great is that? You can look at the whole country, Why would you be sleeping or looking at your phone? And I can see these just like huge mountain ranges on fire. And I was like, is that normal? Because
maybe the only person looking at it right then, but you could just see, you know, like there'd be a mountain range, but it wasn't in a city or anything. It's just vast stretches of the book just on fire. And there could be like, you can see white mountains covered with snow and ice. And then when it was lower, I guess they were
through mountains, just
a line of where the fire was and the smoke would be going on. But you're so far above, you know, it's in no way affecting you whatsoever.
But you can see everything at once. You can probably see, I don't know, I can't actually do the
algebra. But if you triangulate
when you're going from coast to coast, the planes at the highest level that they
fly Because they're gonna ties they can they don't have to come down for 2000 miles. And then you're looking straight down on, you know the rocky
mountains,
You can see where the mountains
come up and the planes on both sides.
You can see a lot of fires at once. And it just freaked me out.
But it wasn't until last year when they I had seen California burning, Saw Washington burning. I was in well California Oregon and Washington when we had the eclipse like drive up and down the coast but apparently picked
the right side of the mountains because that was, there were small fires. But we're all the people
like
tried to drive up north to watch
the eclipse.
They set everything on fire the way they're, they pull off on the side of the road and their car which is start the brush on fire. So there were horrible fires on the other side. But it still wasn't until last
year when I put it together that it was the wind when Oregon when the the coast in Oregon, which is, it's just damp. I don't care if it's the middle of summer, it's not that hot and it's damp. A fog
rolls in every night and it was on fire and I was like how did they get that to burn your here in august, It may be hot and dry at noon but there is a fog that rolls in,
it feels like it's raining on you but it's not
it's just from the sea and it's the wind so I don't have to worry about floods
because I'm on a hill, a big sandy hill but I need to do
I don't know what you do to protect yourself from brushfires. I'm in the middle of the field but they're just
meaning
in a field. So it seems like I could do something sprinklers or something
Well
it's new right? I mean it's not
something
that we grew up with so you
can't tell me something didn't
change
because people really don't know you need to get out of there now because it comes so fast and you're surrounded, you get trapped in there. I deal with horse people so they have to react
faster because like santa need a couple of years ago.
They didn't,
no, they didn't get the horses out of the race track fast stuff. So when the time came they thought they'd have hours and people started driving trailers and it just
whipped across there and they ended up having to set all the race horses free to run. This horse has never tree in their lives. They didn't know what to do, but they, people stated with them and heard of them onto the highways to get them out because it just came so fast and you know, they've been there their whole lives,
It wasn't happening every year all the time before. And the town that got burned
down when
I went on
in 2017 and we drove up and down the coast. Most of the towns we stayed at, they were all you know, they've been there for a while, they're gone. They were just wiped
out. Almost everything I have pictures of it's gone. I mean it just flattens it out and and
and those houses wouldn't have been built and built out of those materials and everything if people knew. Uh huh. Yeah would be like like Japan used to be all built out of paper houses and stuff because I knew
that disasters, material possessions weren't important because you were
going to lose them. So their whole culture was built around temporary things and
you know you put more emphasis on art and culture and stuff because you can carry that with you when everything else disappeared and you can tell by our architecture and stuff, we didn't expect any of this, all our civilizations next to water, you know, and if it raises well we didn't, you know, we have to change our entire culture and and people moving to places where you
can't get, there is no
access. I mean you can't get in and out of a mountainous area, just any any direction you want to go, you're sort of funneled. So that that's
certainly we didn't see that coming when we did all that urban planning and everyone moved to places where it's
dry. So the fires themselves could be somewhat natural when the climate gets hotter
and drier
and windier. But we're worried about the people in the buildings, they weren't there before and it's terrible and I don't even know how insurance is covering it. I mean in florida when the hurricanes came 10 and 15 years ago they just wouldn't insure anyone. Like we had so many hurricanes this year you just can't have insurance. And people with million
dollar houses are like well what do we do? I'm sorry. We don't know, but we're not going to cover you. So a bunch of people moved here, we had Maybe 20%, our population grew by 20%
of people just leaving their places in Florida. We're just we're just leaving and they buy something here because it was still really cheap. They could do that with cash and then they eventually people forgotten. So they sold their places in florida
but they can afford to have both in the meantime. But they just left there just like what
were we thinking? It's like they're flat peninsula in the middle of the ish and storms hit. So they finally got the message that that's going to happen again but then everyone forgotten they went back. Um
Hurt.
I have
people.
Mr
Well I mean we can look at 100 years ago and see how long it lasted. It's not like that didn't happen before. It didn't happen recently and it wasn't recorded. In fact it happened six years ago on Downton Abbey and everybody watched it then but they've forgotten about that. I mean it's they can look at it and say oh well I don't know what they're saying actually because
there's so much like the spanish
flu. I mean especially now it's now october is it happening exactly like they thought it would in april yes it's happening. So at this point you think
everyone be like okay in april we didn't know but now yeah it is pretty much happening like every other pandemic
that we have a historical record for. So we know that even though we're tired and exhausted and board and we have netflix and prime and hulu and more entertainment than anybody's
ever had in history
and we could get food shipped to us and their delivery drivers everywhere and we're
probably we're going to have money sent to us for more months. Um
but not
being able to pay that restaurant, maybe you know I can do that for for the
team where all americans
we can all do that. We can we can stay home and suffer through another night of of netflix
which carry out food and amazon prime and everything being on sale while the stock market is exactly the same as it was at the beginning of the pandemic. We haven't even lost their retirement accounts. But no for some reason I can't do that, they have to keep going
out and spreading it. And I'm an introvert anyway. So I'm just like Darwin because you can't
your mind.
So
at this point I'm like everyone I'm staying home, they can go out and spread it amongst themselves. Use them as experimentally animals. I don't care. I mean I care about them. They are people but I'm not going to argue with them because mm hmm.
What?
yeah. Really great. If you're like a researcher and you know, you have advanced notice, you could go find out who's going before and they have a guest list and then you can see you get sick. And I mean, you know as an experiment, a model. It's it's generous of them. But I don't get I don't think people I mean they're they're like getting slack. They think
that their home care, But don't we all notice more and more people are starting to be crowded into those selfies. It's like, wait a minute your actual family members, How do you know that? They're okay? Well, we're outside.
that's
probably lowers your chances, but when you're all sitting together and putting your arms around each other, you know? But they still think, You
know,
it's like creeps in around the edges where they
think
they're being careful. But now that includes, so now they're saying you can have your pandemic pod,
like
you find 10 or 12 people you can trust and then you trust them to be careful and
then you can
roll socialize amongst
yourselves because that works on marriages so well, You know, no one has ever been like, married has ever caught any disease or anything
from yourself
because they've decided that they're going to be in that union together. So nothing could possibly go wrong. Like when you have 12 people
and they have kids teenagers and everything, nothing
could possibly go wrong. Um
But they're they're tired of it. But that also
has a name, like you can google it, You can see it's pandemic fatigue after this amount of time you're gonna start feeling this, but here's what you can do to buck up and get over it and not kill somebody in your family accidentally. Uh But they don't want to because what, what is it they want? I don't understand. Are they? How can they
be more bored than they are scared?
Electric
I mean at the beginning that was questionable. I was like, why am I buying so much frozen food? What happens if the power goes out and everyone's sick? They don't have time to fix it all within 24 hours?
But that didn't even happen even with the fires and the storms and everything. We've kept electricity and ever fun. Yeah. And I can, I mean I live in a rural area. I can go out and talk
to people. We don't have to be in a building. We don't have to be within six ft of each other and they'll have horses and stuff. We can go out and ride and do things and it's just, you know,
but they literally wanted to go back to the way it was. They wanted to be normal. They want, they don't want it anymore. They're tired. They make it right, make it and and that does sound familiar for like Children, but then the adults have to explain to the Children well
we really wish that we could, but we're gonna have to put up with this a while longer and then when it's over then you can have extra ice cream and we'll make it up to you. But they don't they just want to make it better through force of will. Yeah.
And
that's
all right great. It's great talking to you and stay stay
safe out there.