Hi, Can
you see me? Okay. Right.
I can. Perfect.
I know me too. I did
a test on the camera and I was like, oh no, they're not gonna be able to see me. So,
yeah, it looks
great.
So where are you in the
state?
That's okay,
interesting.
I'm in Louisiana. Yeah. So it's probably a lot quieter here,
Local.
Are you from Jersey?
No, I wouldn't have thought of farms, but I've never been there. I have a really good friend that's from there, but she's from like more of a city area, so I would never think farms. What
the
farm.
Yeah, that's cool.
Well,
I learned something new today.
Okay. Well I didn't know that. But now I do. Now I can tell people that y'all are known tomatoes and corn
baby.
Do you think that's true?
I
don't
like to believe stuff like that. If I don't have any evidence, I mean, I've never been there. So what do I, I can't say
well.
Oh, on friday.
Yeah. Yeah. People have a good accent. So have you done one of these prolific things before?
Yes, I did one I guess it was last week and it was super fun. I got to talk to a really nice lady and we had a great time. She's in a bunch of them and she said a lot of times people don't show up. Yeah,
I don't know.
Oh no. Well, I'm glad you made it. Were you at work or?
Uh, well, yeah, you got to feed the dogs. Okay. So tell me about the dogs or
the dog.
Oh my gosh, I love her.
She
looks
like she has
a lot of hair like me. Like it's like,
what time?
she's
Okay, so cats and dogs, That's cool.
Love it.
Love it.
I have a dog and a horse,
but the horse doesn't live in the house, so. Yeah.
You never know with
people.
Yeah. My dog's outside right now with the family running around like crazy. I keep seeing them. I think they're doing laps around the house. I just heard it like this. She's having the time of her life, so good
on it. They can have a good time
get out of town where I was born and raised in texas, so I've had horses all my life and I don't really ride anymore and I have kids, so I have, when I still have one horse, my other one has passed, but that's that's cool.
It's
crazy.
yeah, it's different when you're standing close to them. I used to teach riding lessons and so many people were afraid and I would always tell them the same thing. I mean it's totally normal, you're smart to be a little cautious, it's a big animal.
And then yeah, so
it's cool, you know? But I can't say coffee with a cool accent, so. Right. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, that's so
you know,
I believe
it.
Yeah, well I'm a Texan
so um I'm gonna refrain from asking you to say anything. Oh lets you off the hook. Oh, so do you do a lot of stuff on prolific or how did you get into it?
that's
it's always fun to think about, you know what they're looking for?
I've only
been doing
it
for
like a month.
I love it. I think it's great for many different reasons and I'm on mturk too, but I just started that one like two weeks ago. And to be honest with you, I kind of don't understand it, like how you qualify for things and then I've had a couple of hits that I couldn't complete. Like I I didn't understand the directions or it didn't go through or it timed out and I was like, I don't know about this.
interesting. Okay. Yeah, I was going to read up on Mturk a little bit and see if it was worth it. I still will bit. So far, my experience hasn't been real positive.
What?
What?
Yeah. There's
so
many, that's a good idea. I found a thread that was all like, you know, F A Q. S about about it. And I was like, okay, once I have some time I'll sit and read that and see if I can make work. But for right now there goes my dog. Okay. She has good football now,
you know she's having a blast.
I love it. I'm just having a cat.
Well
Why is it three cats and two dogs that isn't there?
Oh yeah. What happened?
Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh.
Yeah. I don't blame you. Do
they go outside
and stuff? Are they strictly inside?
That makes
it easy.
Mr telling
yeah. What's
the weather like there right now? Yeah.
64.
Yeah. I thought it would be like snowing and,
Crazy.
that's kind of nice.
Was
it?
Well yeah, you know
the southerner a picture like ice and Yeah.
interesting.
Oh get out of here.
So are you part of the rivalry? Do you like feel that or?
Well, I'm from Houston and there's a big rivalry between Houston and Dallas. Yeah, it's kind of the same. Like some of the ladies will get real catty and yeah, you're from Houston. I mean, I don't take it too seriously, but some people kind of do so their
lap.
Yeah, I mean, I think it's silly but people laugh about it.
Mhm
Right. Well people can be
silly, you know.
Car so
what
do you do with yourself, I mean do you work, do you play, do you play an instrument? Do you make Snowmen?
We
kind of singing?
Okay. Um what did you sing in opera like a soprano or I don't know too much about it,
my bed,
Did you like it though? I mean you must have had like a passion for it to keep doing it.
It sounds like you were pretty hard on yourself.
yeah,
yeah, I understand
that, but I hate to hear that from somebody that has a talent, you know, I can't sing, I mean I can sing okay but not, I'm not fooling anybody so
yeah, well when you do the
karaoke
and stuff, do you have fun or?
I was gonna say I hope not because of the covid but
Yeah, I don't know, I don't like to karaoke though so because I'm not a good environment
of the carry a few plays
I don't
know.
I didn't think about that. It either be really funny or really bad. Probably really funny for the first hour and then you'd be ready to be done with it.
A house for sale, House for sale. Mm
I
don't work now. I mean since I've had kids, I've mostly been a stay at home mom with like a part time job, but I lost that due to Covid, so kind of how it is, you know, just be happy for what I got, which it kind of worked out because we're virtually virtual schooling, so at least I'm home where I can do that. Yeah,
that's a nightmare.
Mm um They're doing so good, you know, they're really doing well, the online
school
isn't that great here, I do a lot of like trying to make fun science experiments and trying to jazz with that,
but my focus isn't virtual school right now. Yeah,
that part is tough, we're doing um like we do outdoor play dates with our little friends, and uh did we did join like the soccer thing, everybody wears masks and it's like
at least they can run around with other kids, you know? We're trying trying.
yeah, a little bit faster, It was probably, I can't even remember, to be honest with you, probably july. Yeah.
Yes, november already. Uh
I feel the same way about it.
On the
I feel that way too, I feel like it's flying by now, but maybe not fast enough at the same time, if that makes any sense. Yeah.
that's true. Very monotonous. The holidays are going to be a trip
Yeah, it's crazy right now, everything's going.
Yeah, it kinda is.
No, me either.
Yeah, we've all been dealing with it for so long, I'm ready for it
isn't it?
Right. Oh my God, it's a face.
Yeah I think 13
years
it's been such a long time, it's it's gonna be kind of awkward. I think a lot of people don't
wear masks here I'd say it's like Which I think is silly but I'd say it's 50 50 so it's not as shocking. It won't be a shocking for me as it will be for you.
That's good,
I agree. Yeah. Yeah I feel weird when people get close to me now like at a store or something I'm like so it will be it'll be an interesting time.
it's been such a long time. Well I think we're
at our time. Yeah.
it was fun. I had been talking to you
take care of yourself and
drink.
Find all
that
coffee. Yeah. You to be careful out there