Hello.
Classic,
you see me
okay? All right. Usually it's really dark in here so I have like eight lamps going
and
yeah, I kept saying like it has to be well that and like, oh, start pulling limps from different rooms
what
it works.
I
mean I'm in New Jersey uh huh and I live right by the military base so hopefully it's not going to be super loud. Yeah,
a lot of plain activity tonight. So who knows,
where are you at?
I would say so. I mean I'm out in like the farm farmland of New Jersey, but then, you know this morning there was artillery and then planes, so okay, air
show me it's always a real headache that's there we are,
yep, born and well raised here my whole life, so it's all over the state. But I grew up near the beach and then I got almost like math, I'm bored of this then move to where all the farms are, which most people don't think of farms when they think of Jersey, but
Where I
am,
it's, there's everything and I have like there's a cow farm next door a mile down the road, there's a miniature donkey farm, just a weird niche to have. There's all any kind of vegetable you could want flower farms, pumpkin farms, there's a giant um sunflower farm down the street, it's nice. There's a lot of color all the time.
We're always something new to say
starts.
Yeah, well apparently we're known for our tomatoes and corn, so
we're also known for like being jerks, but you know
the tomatoes in corners better.
I think we're sarcastic and loud and that tends to rub people the wrong way when they're not used to it. I think that's part of it. I
don't
know.
Yeah, I don't know everywhere I've gone, everyone's like, wow, you're really nice. I
didn't think that was gonna happen. Okay. Either that or they asked me to pronounce words so that ones, you know, can you say coughing and dog and talk?
I love that.
I never have, this is my first one. Have you done, have you done any of these ones or no?
I almost didn't make it.
it was under the wire. You driving home like? Oh no,
I had a, I ran out of dog food
well
one of them, one of them sitting right here, so come here, you want to say hi, can yourself? Oh, she wants to say hi, come here, give me a stinky butt. This one's Sophie,
she's a little light on hair right now
And
then
what?
Yeah, she's got the crazy and she's got bangs create and is doing flips right now apparently in
the background and then Zelda is a little tiny one. She's somewhere right now
probably to open the cats, not like her
cats and dogs. It's
here.
What about? Yeah,
of course.
with a sound. Yeah. Uh,
love
to have a heart. Uh huh
No.
Oh yeah, I'd love to have a horse or even just ride a horse. I've never gotten the chance to
I it wasn't even to tell a couple years ago that I met a horse, I was shocked at how they are. I was like,
what?
I had, no, I mean like I knew they were big, but I didn't realize it with it
here. Yes,
I uh that'd be amazing.
yeah, but
you know the downside is that whenever you go anywhere everyone wants you to say thanks,
the worst,
The worst one is Texas. Everyone in Texas wants to hear me talk
first
one
and
Um, well I used to do stuff on like the, on mturk on the amazon one and then I switched over to this one when I heard about it on Reddit and it's, this one has been so much better and I like that it's like more science things and not businesses and
stuff because I mean I'd like to actually contribute to something other than a product. Yeah. So
yeah, sometimes I can't, I couldn't even begin to guess on a lot of them, but as I've been doing it for, I don't know, I think like probably a year. No, it has to be long in that, it was about when they first started, I don't know how long it's been
my
concept
of
time.
Yeah, it's actually, it's worked out pretty good for me. I mean some months are lighter than others, you know, summer and the dead of winter, like christmas break tends to get slow because it's a lot of school stuff like schools that do the studies, but other, it's been, I've had a lot of fun with it. It gives me something to do when I'm just sitting at home on the computer with nothing to do. Um
yeah, it was a lot better years ago and then it just went downhill and now a lot of them, I've gotten like weird rejections for no reason or just you look up the requester and they're kind of, the reviews are really bad. So I don't know. Plus the pay is like you're working sometimes 20 minutes for five cents. And that, that's not, you know, it's not as, I don't, I don't like it as much. I haven't used that in a long time now. Not since I've switched over to this pretty much full time now.
Yeah. I know a lot of people that use it
like like only use mturk if you want, if you want to use it. Um There's a subreddit that's um help worth working for and that's a good way to find really good ones. Um Because that's what I always use if I do want to find something that pays well and is
not going to be crappy. But other than that just trying to find him on your own, there's too much, there's too many to what you're looking for.
That's
hard.
Mm. Yeah, that's fun.
I got the Sophie is still sitting behind the computer staring at me. Right? So I'm sure somebody else will pop in here eventually. I have one cat that's extremely loud. Whoa. I'm sure he'll make himself known at some point. Uh huh.
I don't think I could survive without one. Uh That they're well okay. The one that's loud. Not so much, but the other two are my
source of sanity right now.
Yeah, it used to be more.
Um well I had six cats and the old age and sickness, so then went down to two, lost 34 and one year, which will the worst year ever. And then last year um got another one, so back up to three and now I'm like ok, no, no more. Right now I can't do anymore. Especially because the kitten um was from a friend that was fostering and it was just a litter, like a random letter. Nobody knew what they were. Nobody had a clue that there were some fancy breed that likes to talk nonstop. Mhm. So now it's just 24 hours a day and the other night at three o'clock in the morning it was time for a yell and
It's like sitting there probably like by 3:30 I'm like Okay I love you shut up please I want to sleep.
So
but
then strictly inside obviously not the dogs but yeah the cats, the one um was a rescue who came from outside and just like literally moved from my yard into the house, he tries to go outside sometimes so sometimes he this summer he escaped out of a window, he's an escape artist. But other than that the other two are afraid to go outside so they won't really bother
fun.
Yeah it really does. I worry so much when they're out there. Yeah
but yeah so hopefully that you know he'll stay in the house now
sometimes
now it is extremely windy and it's supposed to rain and it's like uh Alexa what's the temperature Right now? It's 64°F
tonight I like to stop that's a lot warmer than I thought it was.
All right Well this past week last week was in the 70s all week which was really weird. I mean I had put on my summer clothes away and then I had to bust out the t shirts again because I was like I can't wear sweatshirts it's too hot.
So that was that was weird But now it's dropped back down and it's like freezing at night but then like 50s to 60s during the day which
is still still warm for this time of year
because
it's usually not by now. Okay.
I mean
usually not yet. Usually probably more towards the end of december. It'll start snowing, right? I mean, I'm also more South Jersey North. I mean it's already snowed a couple times, so it's, Yeah, New Jersey is like two different states, pretty much north and south. So
there's a big rivalry tail.
So yeah, so like North Jersey, actually, that's where the accent comes from. So that was weird because I was raised in South Jersey, but it's like different, different words for different things. Different. South Jersey is a lot slower, more more polite, more just kind of even killed and calm and North Jersey is go go go because they're right by the city. I mean it's right by new york. It's a lot more dense up there were here, it's beach towns and farms, so it's yeah, it's a weird rival, right?
Uh I mean when you're talking to other people from New Jersey, it's always like, oh, you're from North Jersey, but you know, not and I don't think anyone takes it too seriously. It's just, you know, for fun. And then we like to say that Central Jersey doesn't exist. Just make it extra funds were. It's a weird place here.
I
have family. I have family in Houston and family in Dallas, so yeah.
it's just for like kind of silly fun, wow,
we like to just make jokes at each other and kind of, you know, I know, I'm I would hope nobody takes it too seriously.
Just
that's yeah, that's true for our I would hope not, but it's just, you know, kind of silly fun.
like
to,
I am definitely afraid of the snow, which is um No, I don't work right now. Uh 2020, so it's just all online stuff when I can. Um so that's you know, yeah,
other than that um no insurance but I sing but
I used the same country pass it on. Yeah. Yeah. And then I haven't, I mean I haven't saying professionally in years so now it's just karaoke and kind of whatever I'm feeling at the time but I started out in opera which so opera for the country so figure that one out.
it was soprano. Yeah and that was, it was, it was that was hard training.
Yeah, that was when I was a kid too. So that was I was 12 when I started that so Picture like a little 12 year old kid just is singing in latin. It's like that. Uh huh
Um I mean I didn't love the opera part but I love singing and I love doing like theater and things like that, so I knew it was like a kind of a stepping stone to where I wanted to be, but I mean then I moved into country and it's funny because now I don't even listen to country music anymore, it's true. Uh for me, I was always my biggest critic, so it was always stressful too, it was fun, it was like, this isn't perfect, it needs to be perfect and I guess I couldn't hear what everyone else heard because I'm like, I could only hear my mistakes, so I had to take a break from it because just it was making me nuts.
Yeah, I'm a perfectionist
if if it's not perfect, it's correct,
so
Mhm. I've lost a lot of it now just from not singing for so long, so I would I would like to get back into like doing voice lessons and getting back into getting my range back because I lost a lot of it because it's been, oh God, at least a decade since I've done anything like seriously, which it pains me to say
I
don't
Oh yeah, I love doing that. That's I mean I also, you know go out with friends and you know you're at the bar and it's fun anyway. You obviously haven't done that a long time.
Yeah, there's apparently a bar by me that has like outdoor karaoke on Fridays and that just seems ridiculous to me. I don't, I don't know.
and I just feel bad for the house across the street.
That must be awful on Friday night
at
8:00 Friday night, so I'd be so pissed.
Yeah, I feel like it be funny the first time and then like the next, like I hate this place and I want to move right now.
So what about what about you? What do you
do?
Yeah.
So have adjusted to the, to the online school.
For
me.
No.
it's got to be tough on them to like not being able to see their friends and you know to their activities and
Well that's nice.
trump. Got to do something for them. I felt so bad for I mean these kids kids this past year I mean especially I don't know about town by you but here we didn't start opening up until to begin like the end of august everything was still closed so there was nothing for anyone to do. Up until I think it was like the last week of august mm So I mean it was a long quarantine here at least I don't know about down by you how that went because I think the south opened up faster I think. Yeah.
at least had some other things. The only thing that we had here open was the beach because it's outside, you know, nothing up until, I mean even now there's still there was stuff that was just opening up for the first time, like at the beginning of the month. Weird. So actually in the beginning of last month, I forgot it's november
this year has somehow gone by so slow and so fast.
It's like March went on for eight months. And now all of a sudden it's like whoa,
where am I?
it's like the individual days are really slow. But then when you look back you're like, oh it's been this long already. I have like it's what, you know, it's tough because every day is like the same thing pretty much now. Just, you know, nothing to break it up.
Yeah. It's gonna be real weird. I don't know. I'm hoping I can still like have my parents and do christmas, but well, see that's going to depend on how things go I guess.
I It was watching the news last night and I think it was close to 200,000 yesterday alone, which is horrifying.
I don't know. Hopefully there's a vaccine soon and hopefully it stays 90% effective because that would be very nice because I don't want to get the coronavirus
that would that would be preferred.
Yeah. I'm ready to just yeah, I keep thinking like how weird it's going to be though because in New Jersey by law you have to have a mask when you go out. So I keep thinking it's kind of been so weird to see people's faces.
What how weird is that gonna be? Haven't seen one of those.
Well it's like walking through a store and you're gonna see a face and it's like, wow. So I feel like that's gonna be weird and it's gonna be a weird transition back to the way things were.
I
am,
I think
yeah. I think here they became one, I think early, early in the mid March. So it was pretty fast
and I think it was actually even before that we went into full lockdown that that happened. So it's been a long time. And now like, you know, not touching anyone, not getting close to anyone, it's gonna be weird to like walk in somewhere and like have someone shake your hand. It's like okay.
The weirdest thing is was think back in the beginning I was like I'm an introvert, I'm made for this. This is curry, I can't wait to quarantine. And now it's like okay, I want to go let me out on board.
It's
Yeah, we did. Yeah.
It was nice to meet you
what
you hear
is
safe.
Yeah. Yeah. All right, I'll talk to you. I'll see you,