wow. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. What? You don't Mhm. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah and I'm Yeah, people with money, what's going on four
How are you doing? How are you?
Thank you. It's nice. And then you showed up?
I've been reading on like ready read it, do you know Reddit?
Yeah, I've been reading there that a lot of people like miss on the opportunity because their partner didn't
show up. So really what you did? Thank you.
is it are you here in the US?
Oh I'm in texas. I'm not I'm not from the US but I'm in texas right now.
I'm from south America. From Venezuela.
I was I was born I was born in Venezuela. Yeah, so I came here last year and I'm a teacher.
Thank you. Thank you. Yeah I've been here for a year. I came here in april of last year. Yeah
and I'm ready to go back next week, so I'm like doing arts and craft for my kids. Uh huh.
You can back to the school. Yeah, we're going back next
week.
I am I'm nervous not for myself, I'm not I'm not worried about myself, I'm worried about, I work at a primarily bilingual school spanish and english. So my parents are essential workers because they are like doing construction or helping stuff like that. So they're absolutely going to send their kids to school, but someone's going to get sick, someone will get sick and most of them live with their parents. Their caregivers are like older people, so there is the best that they will get something. Do you believe in in what's happening to you, believing in with Covid and all that or not?
What?
Yeah. I I was I had to teach them online um for the remainder of the previous year and it was a mess. It was a hot mess. They did not show up like my student calls or whatever, they didn't show up at all, so it's definitely going to be a challenge if they decide to go virtual. But well that's a challenge that we're willing to face, but like having someone else gets sick because you're not being careful, that's
and about 40% of The teachers and administrators at my school school that I teach there like over 60, years old. Yeah. So we're like we're taking bets like how long do you think we're gonna be open? I say two weeks now. I say what now? Three weeks stops trying to take it easy because we're we'll go crazy. Yeah.
Have you been able to like go back to school, or what year are you on?
And
you were all geared up like
Yeah, it's gonna be so hard. Last year I had 23 students And yes, and this year I'm going to have 16 because we're dual were dual language. I'm going to teach Spanish and my
my partner is going to teach English. So in total is 32 for fourth grade, I teach fourth grade, so there's no way they're gonna can like shrink that number. We don't have the capacity, we don't have the rooms, they don't have the money to hire another teacher. Um And besides like fourth graders there, 10, 10, 11, you just know that they're going to be training of their masks and they're going to be like, it's right now, you know?
I
can't,
I
can't either. Um The kindergarten teachers are like, how are we how are we supposed to get them to wear their masks all the time? I don't I don't, I mean I go out and I put on my mask, but as soon as I'm in the car I take it off because we're not used to it.
What?
Yeah, but imagine like eight hours at school from
7
30 to 3 p.m. Like six year old seven year olds wearing a mask. That's going to be crazy. And um are the cases going on your town?
No, no, not at all. Um
I see my friends, like I have, one of my best friends is in florida and Not of Orlando, I want to say like sand couch pretty close, like 30 minutes away and she was having a party like a full on
like barbecue party at her house and not a basket side, not a mask. Like do you want to die? Because that is how you die? Have you, have you not seen the movies? Have you not seen enough movies? Like you're in the US, your latin. You're, you're the first one to go like no.
no, but you have to be careful. You're the first one to go. You're going to die and if you don't die, your wish you're gonna be dead because the medical bills are going to be huge. Yeah. So
I, I feel like people are really not paying attention to that. So that's why I asked, do you believe in that? Because I have encountered people who are like
best
why nothing is happening.
No. And
people are like blinded by fake news and facebook and the everything is like the neighbor says her uh text message or whatever and I am being the south. I am in, I want, I went to Tennessee a couple of weeks ago. Yeah. I use protection like masks. I had to go and everyone was like out and about not a single care in the world. And I'm like, are are people in the south like this because they don't seem to care. Like I go, I have to drive past the lake to get to my school and they're like living their best life on the shore. Like living their best life when I Oh cool. But we're
gonna, we're not gonna get out of this like
anywhere
anywhere near. Uh huh.
Yeah. Because they're losing money. So they're trying to figure out a way to make money out of
everything.
Concerned
that
no.
And
then
no.
And I just like, I just, I just saw one picture out of my friend she was at a wedding and like the whole like the bridesmaid and the everyone not a mask inside. I'm like did everyone get tested before so that you didn't have to wear a mask? No we're fine. We have been in contact with anyone infected so it's fine. Okay well that is just so that is mind blowing. That is mind blowing to me.
But
yeah hopefully I don't know. Maybe the vaccine will come to
you think it will?
Yeah.
Yeah. And but I believe that here in the U. S. Is where you see those individuals who refused to wear a mask because of all the uh it's unconstitutional. You cannot make me my free it's my my free will or whatever. But so we're doomed. The ones who are living here, we're doomed. But everywhere else people are like doing what they can do well except europe, they're going to I mean I take I take that back, we're all doomed, we're all going to die. Yeah.
the
asians
Yeah, because they in um new Zealand, have you, have you read about that?
They
they
they have nothing right now and they had for a while they have they have been free for like a couple of days and then a couple of people came in with the virus and
the Prime Minister of like you did not do that, so okay, so um you you're not going to pay attention to me, well you're willing to the military and she my candid over everything to the military because everyone followed directions, like everything and people in those countries like china, the that part of the world, they use masks like it's their custom to smack so there that wasn't going to be like an issue for them. Mhm
But Oh man, I'm just, I just, I wish I could like fast forward here and I have to see how everything plays out.
Yeah. Everything, everything will be better. Uh It's it's just a matter of time, but I'm like super sad that people have to go through that and have to, I feel sick. Some people die.
It's
Yeah. And what are your, like your teachers? Do you have, you have doctors
who are your teachers, right or not? Yeah. And what
did they
say?
Oh
know that, what, what did they say? Like when, once
you went online? Yeah.
Like what's their take on that?
Life has to go on. Mhm.
that's good. Well um as part of our training to go back to school, we had to watch a video and that was it like on the bulletin
that they sent. The parents are like our teachers are being trained and whatever train on covid and what means and what doesn't model, blah blah blah and always always a six minutes video, like a six minute video. All that. Oh my God,
this is amazing.
Yeah. Six minutes. That's it. But I mean hopefully, but like I was like I was saying we were talking a bunch of teachers were talking like, so last year there was a kid who had a life problem and kinder and kinder. It was so bad that she had to be separated from the group. Like the rest of the gifts because they would like
they would get infected by the last, so they talked to the parents and they were like, okay, so I don't have any money to buy the shampoo, I don't have any money to buy the like the combo, whatever. Uh you're probably, you figure it out.
Yeah, that actually happened. She was, she was telling the story so they all chipped in and got her like the shampoo and the calm and whatever and still the parent wouldn't might treat their child.
Exactly,
exactly. So we're like, okay, so where were trusting the parents too? Take the temperature before coming into school and after just to keep a record of if they have a fever, when did it start like and you know, give the contact tracing monitor. So if the parents aren't involved in that, so they just don't want to do it. Like how are we supposed to survive the first week? So it's a whole thing. It's going to be amazing. It's good to be very good. I know.
Are you when are you going back?
Um I'm thinking everyone is trying just to figure out.
There.
Absolutely.
Did you do you have do you have a hard time like going virtual or
how?
No.
that's good.
Once you figure that out and now now I'm done for that.
Yeah. What I what I find people doing is like either they're super focus and finish everything like half the time they're supposed to because they can do that like they can find ways to make it go by faster or the opposite end of is that they don't do anything because because it is like I'm home, I
don't
want
to.
I
get up it's
good.
I do not do anything on time, anything, anything. It's I
have
to do a couple trainings that are doing like 10 days and I haven't even started because I will just
just one more video. Okay. And then I go down the rabbit hole of whatever then oh my God. No, I'm going to serve five. Okay
I'm gonna certified and then something happens and it's 15. I'm like Okay so it's not five. So I'm just going to start at 5:30 and then I keep on doing that for an hour. I do the work for an hour and a half present, it's dinner time and then I call my friends and then I do whatever. And I've been up since 77 30 A. M. And only done like half an hour of actual work. So No, I do not do that. And that whole like mentality of getting it over with for like the first two hours of the day and get the rest of the day to yourself. No I don't have it. So come crabs. Can't
got some bad
24 I'm 35 so I haven't I haven't even
done that yet.
No. No and it's also new. It's also anyway like I'm next week we're gonna we're gonna go back to school. Not the kids are not going back to school yet. They're coming back on the 19th. But next week we're going to go back to start planning because we have to plan for like two type of instruction. Face to face for the kids that are going to go in the virtual for the kids. They decided not to show up. But that went that's when I will do but I'm like you I like the face to face interaction Like like taking notes or like this is not like virtual setting. It's weird.
I'm doing, yeah I'm doing like a multiplication chart.
no I'm doing it. Look at my my pretty colors. Yeah.
I I we have like a richard center so I got them all like a machine. So I'm facing them all together
and
doing.
Yeah it is. I like the colors. So I'm going to do a chart because the kids don't know how to multiply and they need to do the star and whatever. So yeah.
Do you do
do you
just don't do the stars chest?
Yeah. Star the
end
of the
end of the year test to measure where you are in?
Never. Did that.
Do you go to school here in the U. S. Yeah
I
did.
I
maybe they don't, it's maybe it's a southern thing. They're very we are here in texas. Very weird there. You're in texas like everything is great. Texan.
Why?
Because
of rare.
because
I'm not Texan.
I just I just I just got here because it was easier.
They're so different. They're so different. You're like like die hard. Mhm
fundamental
west.
Yeah. I've never been, I've never been to the north other than new york. I went a couple of years ago on vacation but I've never been anywhere nurse. I want to broke trip all the way to the US all over the US.
Let's
see it. It would be nice. Yeah there will be nice.
My I don't know why. Oh yeah because she wanted to get my friend from florida wanted to come here so you're not coming here, I'll put your covid infest yourself. Um So she was like, the tickets are so Cheap, it's like 70 bucks round trip. Yeah. And I'm, and I'm like near Dallas, I'm like an hour away from Dallas. So very country, like super country. Everyone looks, wears a hat and carried a gun. Everyone. Um
I, as I was like hyperbole, I thought there was like cartoonish, like know where the hat? Cars again wears boots all the time everywhere, Like going to walmart boots. Amazing. So uh, it was like 70 bucks round trip from Orlando to Dallas.
Yeah, it's super cheap. But no, but yeah,
do you have to study? Are you going to have to
So you are all done,
least is a nice man. Us.
For sure. For sure. My kids are going to be all crazy next week. They've been out for like four months Now. four, yeah, 4 since March. Yeah. So they're going to be all crazy hectic next week. Do
I wouldn't, I wouldn't put, I wouldn't send my kids back
to school.
definitely, definitely. Like they need the social interaction, They need like a Butina schedule. I think everyone needs that. And
especially if you're going to jump in. Thank you for not blessed. Did not do anything with your life
and still have money. So if you're going to have to work, to earn a living, then you're gonna have to get used to the routine to getting up early, do the job, follow directions, follow instructions, all of that. So I think it's very, yeah. If Covid wasn't around, you had with me down and besides, I've been like out since March as well, so I need my normal, like normal. Yeah.
But this is this the our district. It's like you have the choice to do that. So it's
not so it's not mandatory. A friend of mine in Tennessee. She is the oral virtual. It's all like online. They don't have the option to send their kids to school because it's bad about over there. So, um, we'll see how everything plays out here is
hopefully. Yeah. Is this the first time that you've done a study? Oh, I did it the last time with a nice lady from Ohio as well. Yeah. So I'm so glad that we, that I've been having a great conversation partners.
Yeah. You too. You too. Thank
you very
much for showing up.
Are you, are we what are we supposed to do now?
I had a timer but
I
don't,
I don't, I don't see it. I had,
Yeah. Maybe it was, it was supposed to be 25 minutes.
It's 4
30.
Oh we're
on our way.
But I don't know. Yeah that's what we did last time. We just close the tap, finished the survey And then like a 34 days later we got the payment. Have you been to in like prolific for a long time?
I it's it's great. I love it. I haven't been to validate lee. Have you have you used that side?
It's
good check it out because the it pays good money for studies as well.
Yeah. I think we're just that's it.
you too. Have a great day. Bye
bye.