Hello. I, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm good. How are you?
Yeah, I'm really glad you did too. Yeah.
When it yeah, I do more of that site. Yeah.
Battle.
I have no problem. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, I am in the U. S. Um I am from michigan. Who are you from?
Okay. Where are you from?
well Maria, I was born here but my family is from Iraq. So, so yeah. Um, are your frustration you, are you, are you born in south in Venezuela?
Cool. It's so, wow. I mean, I would never know that you were here for only a year. You know, you speak very well so. Mm.
Um
are you going back to this to teach you mean?
How
do you, are you like excited like about that? Are you like a little like nervous, but I think everything that's going on or?
Oh yeah, I have very much
believe in it. Um I'm actually in medical school right now. Um So yeah, I have very much believe in it. I people are for sure gonna get sick from sending their kids to school. It's really unfortunate. Um I wish they would wait a little bit longer. But I understand especially for like elementary school kids it's so hard to teach out like the online learning. Um
All
I guess like it is, I don't want to say it is what it is but like whatever happens happens, hopefully it's positive and you know hopefully like like the way they contain it, it's like well you know
I am a second year, I just started my second year um we have been at home from March to july and in july they had us come in maybe five or six times because like you know you can't become a doctor only online, you have to like learn like the like exam stuff and I'm an osteopathic medical school. So like we learn Oh mm Which is basically like, you know, have you heard like a chiropractor? It's like that but we're like a little bit more methodical with it and we have our own like principles and stuff better learn that too. So um they had us in like really really small groups like maybe I was never with more than like six people in a
room.
we were only only wore masks and we had hand sanitizer and I felt like how we handle it was safe. Um I do feel like if schools would like had smaller groups it would be better and like they could resume and maybe not have less to worry about, but with so many students, it's hard to manage that. Right.
You know what?
Even less with even more. So if you had like a smaller, you know, grade, like secondary first graders and I can't imagine
them keeping
their mask
on, you know?
Yeah. Well also when you're in the car, you don't really need it, you know, So
it's better if you have it off.
I wanna
mess.
Um and where I live, there actually was an outbreak um last month. But I think I want to say things are a little bit better now because the governor just um real strained indoor gatherings to 10 people or less um An outdoor 200, but people aren't really following that I feel, You know, because you know, how much can they handle like, like in someone's home, like no one's going to go after you if you have like 50 people in your home or in your backyard. Right,
But
like
my gosh, I mean sad, but
Yeah,
like
they don't believe in it.
I don't know, I really wish that because I really wish it wasn't so political like it is here because it should just be, you know, this is like science, it's like medicine. Why is that have to do with politics at all? Um but you know, it's unfortunate that it is um by like the common person maybe won't believe like they just people just don't know where like how to be like well informed abuses, you know?
So.
I mean,
I
know.
it's unfortunate um where I'm at their like people like having like huge wedding in my culture, like they have like huge weddings, like 500 people there attending. It's like all the rest of you have no idea. You don't know them, but they come to your wedding and those are still happening because some venues are like allowing it because they like to call themselves a restaurant and not, you know, they like twist the rules to make it work so they can have the weddings and
but
people are getting sick from those weddings and I think it's just like, I don't know how could you hold such a big party and not be fearful
for like your
relatives and your friends and family. You know like I think it's it's really got sick at my wedding. I would feel terrible for them.
You know,
I don't
feel bad because it's like my fault kind of, you
know.
It
is.
Well,
vaccines take a long time to make. I think the earliest we could have it is next year. So. Mhm.
And if that's the thing is if we do have it and they do make it. I felt the people who are not wearing masks are not going to take the vaccine because like if you can't do something as simple as where I'm asked like who says you're gonna out there? They're going to take a vaccine, right?
Well, I think Korea they had a really good plan
and they have
managed like I don't want a huge country, but only 300 died in Korea. That's
Yeah. I have
the same
Nothing right now.
no.
Right.
Yeah. Me too. Um Hopefully. Well, I don't know. I I really feel like things will be better. I that's what I always tell myself like even before covid like when things are bad things will be better, like it just always go up eventually, you know?
I know.
And it's unfortunate because like you can do all that you can for yourself, but we'll make a difference that people aren't doing it around you, you know?
No.
We
have
instructors. Um Well, everything like so far is online. Um
I'm sorry, what was your question?
Oh, about Covid?
So
so um you know, they're all doctors. So um I mean obviously they like support wearing masks, distant social distancing. Um They like in March we had one presentation on Covid um and at that time and yeah, I guess so. We don't really know the best way to treat it. They just talked about that a little bit. They talk about the vaccine. Um That was like in March as of now, they haven't really given us any updates on like what, like what's being done right now I guess because you know what I want to focus my curriculum, like we're not really focusing on Covid right now, we have to like learn other stuff. Like wait like
all they did recently was like link a Youtube video for us. So there's like just watch this Youtube video, that's all you need to know. There's a good video.
No.
That's train.
That's funny.
No.
What? Uh huh.
What? God.
Yeah.
I bet,
Um I well, we don't know I right now I'm on break um for this month and then we start back on september, but we don't know how often they want us to come in person or not. You know, I don't know if it's gonna be like last time where they're going to have us come only six times for the semester or if it's going to be like once a week every week, I really don't know what they're gonna do. Um So
Yeah. That's like the struggle. This is all so new and no one really knows like what's going on, what's going to happen. I think we're also going through it together. Um If there's anything like good about this experience that we're all having the same
experience and we're all going through it as like, you know, I think everyone has the same struggles and problems and
it's all
At first I wasn't loving
it because I was like I like being in person and you know
watching the teacher and taking notes and all that. Um But everything is like just recorded like from last like they take like last year it's recordings and give it to us so I can study on my own schedule now and um I can make the videos faster so I can wash it faster speed and get through it faster. So
I do kind of like it now.
yeah, it takes half time for me to study. It's great.
I know.
No,
thank
you. I was that kind of person for a very, very long time. I yeah, it was until covid because like I just felt I like, you know, I have nothing to do now because I can't do anything. So I just study and I get done faster and it's like, well, if I study now, I have my whole day do nothing. So I
think
are
you are you like a type that does things on time or do you procrastinate too?
you
were
All right.
huh.
Thanks. How
long? 24 years to figure it out?
well,
even if you don't whatever, it works for you and
Yeah. It is. Well look at, you know, you're doing the numbers thing right now right? You're doing the,
so you're you're doing something early right now, that's like, you know, it's not procrastinating, look at you,
it wasn't really pretty. Do you did you like pace all the numbers on there?
That
looks
so nice. Like it's very visually pleasing.
It's
like a weird
question
paris.
I'm
not
back.
I never did that in school.
No, never.
Yeah. Yeah. And michigan I
think
I just
don't have it in our area.
I have like I've always felt weird about texas, you know, like,
I don't know what it's about them, I just felt like they're just so different. Just like they have like their own culture and it's so strong and like just they're very like, I don't know, it's always going to be like a weird feeling. I've never been there and I don't think I ever want to go there. You know,
I mean
you seem, you seem very, very nice. I don't, you don't give me text and drive at all
so
you're not, you're not
Yeah. But yeah, I do agree that they are very different people, you know?
Yeah, that's
the thing.
Yeah. Mission michigan like in the midwest, everyone's pretty like nice. I mean maybe not like on the road when they're driving, you know, people can be really like meat on the road, but like otherwise people like are pretty like kind and um you know, there's a good, good, there's a good mix of people here who I raised from my, but they're like up north, they're not like in the city, so
that
would be nice.
You know, things are better. I'm looking for the traveling so much when things are like we're able to, you know?
that's really weird to me.
wow, that's crazy, cheap.
Yeah. Right.
Not right now because I'm not in school right now, thankfully I have a month to relax my mind. Yeah,
yeah, just till september, but yeah. Mhm
Yeah. All right, august is a good month to have off for sure.
that sounds, yeah. Well, it's not like we're waiting for you to put your kids back in school. Do you feel like it's good to like get that rest from them or?
no,
like I say there's no covid, no covid. Mhm.
I agree.
Beautiful.
of thing. I feel like a lot of parents are just like dying to get some of their kids back to school too, so that's probably the reason why they're, you know, like some I know. So I'm supposed to have the option to do online versus in person. Yeah.
do?
for the bar.
yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, I'm really glad that got paired with you because you're a great person to talk to, so
thank
you,
Of course. Thank you.
I don't know. I don't see like and do we just exit out like do you have a timer last time too, or? No?
Uh huh. Do not
have
one.
I think we could just sex it out. Maybe we're done. Uh
Yeah. Has it been 25 minutes
and
Oh, it's 5:30 here, but still the
no.
Then the minute it's like the same. Yeah.
Um For like a month or two. Not a long time. So, you know, in school, but like, I figured since like I have time off, I have more time to do it now.
No, I haven't.
2nd.
Okay. Come on. Mhm. All right. Um
Okay. Well, I'm gonna go. I hope you have a great day.
Bye