SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay baby. Okay. Mhm. What are you doing baby? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? No. Surely. Cat stakeout? You still a cow? You're silly. Your silly cat. Mhm Cool. Uh huh. Uh huh Oh no. Oh what? Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Oh wait. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Right okay. Yeah. Be doing what we're doing. Mhm. What are you doing time? Oh what are you doing? What are you doing? Huh? We're doing what are you doing? Okay? Oh what are you doing? Huh? What are you doing? Okay. What are you doing? Oh. Mhm. It's five minutes. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello? Can you hear me okay? Hello there? Can you hear me or see me? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: can't hear you. Are you able to hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yes I can hear you. You can't hear me? Yeah, you can't hear me. Hello? Yeah, can you not hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I can't hear you.
SPEAKER_L: So am I muffled or am I is my audio just low? Or I hear some reverb on your computer? I can hear my voice in new york on your end. River bing. Still not hear me. Yeah so you can't hear me? Mhm. Mhm mm.
SPEAKER_R: Most like that signal. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you just fine. I can hear and see you as a spine but you can't hear
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: all.
SPEAKER_R: I guess I just and increase my volume. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Hi there, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Mm I'm good, I'm good. So uh all right so it's four. Oh let me look at the time a real quick so we'll kind of know I've got like 7:45 on the timer on
SPEAKER_R: Wanted.
SPEAKER_L: better up. So uh I guess for about 33 minutes we'll get us our 25. So All
SPEAKER_R: Sounds good. It's
SPEAKER_L: How's your, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Just saturday. It's really windy today for some reason.
SPEAKER_L: Is it, wow.
SPEAKER_R: it's been good morning. So what about you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh it's a it's a beautiful day. It's um I'm in North Carolina and it's sunny and it's about 665° I think outside. But you know um fall has been back and forth and we had a lot of rain earlier this week, but the last couple of days have been very, very nice. This is my cat,
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: he's kind of a shuffling around a little bit, so
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: look, yeah, that's that's about kitty. So I was out of town yesterday this afternoon, so he's uh he's kind of feeling clinging so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have a friend of loves cats. Yeah. She's like ready to move to her own place and she's like, I'm gonna get two cats and I'm already already ready. Like I'm gonna go to the adoption center.
SPEAKER_L: very, very nice. That's awesome. So good deal. So um so, well, I where do we start? Where would you like to start? We talked about the weather. What would you like to talk about if
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: anything?
SPEAKER_R: don't know. I was, I wasn't sure what to expect. I was kind of like, I didn't know they're gonna give us topics or we were just like talking straight for like 25 minutes. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it is the first time you've done this.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've, I'm doing it through prolific. So my friend kind of recommended it to me earlier on since I'm technically not, I don't have an income right now. So she's kind of you know, to do this on your free time since I'm still a student, so it's just nice. Has something extra going on right now?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's awesome. I I uh have a part time job 32 hours a week, so I just kind of do it to make a little extra money on the side and prolific, found, I've kind of bounced around some different survey apps and websites and I found that prolific is really about the best that I found in terms of like high quality type stuff and um I don't know if you've been on a lot of the survey websites, but I just found that you're spending endless minutes and you were getting like no credit or screened out and that doesn't happen happen on prolific in my experience. So I've been very happy with them, so,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I agree. Like as a teen almost, I've been on like different survey sites, it's just like through the ones that you like play videos on europe's like all the phones and stuff too. And so when my friend told me that prolific, I was kind of like, no, I'm not really interested because like I get like a dollar maybe at most sometimes like an hour or you can even qualify for them. But I'm really surprised by just like how quickly things build here and they're actually legitimate surveys to
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's really
SPEAKER_R: always
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: stuff,
SPEAKER_R: it feels like. There is, there is
SPEAKER_L: yeah, lots of good stuff. So um I've really enjoyed some of the different research studies that I participated in and it's been kind of a nice journey, so it's good stuff. So are you on the West Coast or the East Coast?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in mid coast, so kindly, I'm in uh central, I don't know how to scout region,
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: you goes,
SPEAKER_R: I'm, yeah, it's kind of, I mean the state where it's a lot of weird weather, but surprisingly this month has been very warm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: nice.
SPEAKER_R: we've
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: having
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: like 70s,
SPEAKER_L: okay, that sounds great. Yeah that
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: sounds great. Um I have a little place up in the mountains, I'm gonna be moving to the mountains of north Carolina um later next year And uh the elevation up there is about 40 700 ft. So it's getting cold. Oh so it's uh it's going to be an interesting winter but fewer people live up there so covid wave kind of coming on and um being here in a bigger city, I've decided to just go ahead and get out where the population is a little thinner since I have that option and I've got you know, option sort of thing. So that makes it kind of nice. So.
SPEAKER_R: Are you more of an outdoorsy person,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah definitely. I was up there yesterday and I have a couple friends that moved up there maybe about a year and a half ago and we went for a nice hike up to the top of the mountain and it was, it was a beautiful day 50° up there and bright and sunny blue skies and it was, it was really, really nice. So, um, but you know, I mean, we get into winter time, it's going to be maybe harder to do that. Uh, at least a daily basis, but uh, you know, it'll, we'll have some nice days up there too, so it will be good. So,
SPEAKER_R: How long have you been playing the move?
SPEAKER_L: um, well, you know, it's been, it's funny because um, it really came on this year and I've known that I've not want wanted to be in in the city that I'm in long term. Um, you really natural connections here. I moved here because of my job 10 years ago and I just never just never really clicked with the city and with, you know, the kind of, the pace and so, um, this year with Covid, kind of sitting in my condo for two months during the lockdown, just kind of came to a head and I said, you know, I've just got to make some, I got to take responsibility for this and start moving forward. And um, so with the work in a remote option from my work, I'll be able to make that transition up there and then, you know, when we have to go back in the office, which we will have to do at some point, I'm just gonna tell them, look, I'm not coming back and if you want me to resign or let me go, then, you know, want to worry about that when we get there. So I'll just move on and they'll move on or whatever. Or maybe I'll, you know, wriggle something out of them, who knows? But
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense
SPEAKER_L: yeah I mean I just think you know you gotta I'm at that point in my life in my career where I start I've started to value um certain things over my career so so it's time to make the move. So um what about you? So you you said you're a student?
SPEAKER_R: yep, I'm in grad school currently, so I'm still very much not close to having a stable career just yet, but it's in progress,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's awesome. So how do you how do you enjoy your your studies and uh your field, are you excited about getting your career started and in your field?
SPEAKER_R: I'm excited, but I'm in medicine, so it's going to be quite a while before I get to really do much, I suppose, like I enjoy it, but it's definitely been hard, especially this year, I think uh Covid played a role in my exams being canceled with big exams being canceled, so I actually had to take a year off
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to kind of focus on my exam, That's the biggest thing they consider later on, so as they want to, the risk with it.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Yeah I can't say that I blame you there at all. So um what uh I mean what uh year this has been. So I'm curious your what's your take on it is being someone who's training in the medical profession, you know what your overall impressions are in terms of, you know how how their response has been in terms of the medical profession and uh kind of the things that you've been impressed by. What are some of your takeaways?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I was on rotations for a little bit, so I was working besides some of the doctors who were handling
SPEAKER_L: Never.
SPEAKER_R: like the height of this pandemic and they're all working very hard. Like I'm very impressed by just how common professional they are, even knowing just like the fact that they really still don't know how to best take care of Covid, but they still try their best. They still want every patient to ideally come back happy and healthy, but ideally that's not always the case. I think just being able to handle the emotional toll is something that I really respected from them. Especially because right now I feel like there's the half that I think that doctors don't want to be there to help them or are not doing as much as they should, but then they have to recognize that, you know, doctors are trying the best they can, but they just don't have the resources. So it's been interesting for sure. I think the response, I feel like, I don't, I don't know, I feel like part of me believes there is hope, especially with the vaccine hopefully coming along the way soon. But I think it's really showed me a lot about like how people prioritize their different interests I suppose because to me it seems like, you know, wearing my assets annoying. Yes, but it's not something that's necessarily hard to do what it means protecting others.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. I've
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: it's been a little frustrating to see.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I I have to agree. Um you know here in the city, people are doing a really good job in my experience that basically all I'm doing is going to the grocery store and going to the pharmacy when I when I have to. Um So I've been very intentional about kind of limiting my interactions and kind of getting out there. Um but when I do go, I find that there's just about universal mask wearing, which which is really great, but like whenever I go out like into the into the more rural areas, I like I go into like the convenience store and maybe a third of the people are wearing masks. It's just, you know, so the split is just, you know, it's really dramatic and very obvious and it's just um, you know, it's, it's just a shame because you know, I mean, just just what you're just what you're saying because it's uh, it's so simple to do. It's annoying. Yeah, but it's simple to do and um, it's very, very effective. So um I'm just not quite sure, you know, I guess we could get into the wise, but I think we kind of probably no, so, you know, uh
SPEAKER_R: I think this year has just been a little odd in the fact that with the election just having gone to where it is like everything has become too polarized now like I hate to say because it's just I don't think the world should be like that. But when something is simple it's just a piece of cloth becomes red or blue kind of discussion. It's just really sad to see. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, it's just, I'm just, I think that we're going to look back on this year and just kind of marble at some of the different statements that were made and some of the decisions that got made and it's just going to be, I mean, I'm sure leadership schools will be teaching this stuff for general for generations. You know
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah for sure.
SPEAKER_L: the example,
SPEAKER_R: I mean one states that doesn't have a nationwide mass mandate to so that's also a bit frustrating because our cases are still um they've reached an olive oil high but I still don't think we've reached the peak just yet.
SPEAKER_L: right? I was reading twitter thread by Trevor Bedford who's a researcher up in Seattle and he was talking about um you know, this this wave is going to be pretty brutal. Um and uh he really gets and I don't pretend to understand all of it, but you know, it's just really, it's kind of scary stuff to kind of see how things are moving along so quickly now and um you know, with people, some people not like doing the preventative, you know, I guess you can't can't really say it's going to get any better so anytime soon, so we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: I understand people need to live their lives. I don't disagree with people like going out and I understand the lockdown especially for the US. will be extremely hard for the economy and for so many other reasons but you know it's kind of like you know at least be safe like at least you know you don't have to 10 all the parties you don't have to do like so many social things like but you can do some things within limits I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Absolutely, Absolutely. Um Yeah, my family and I, we there's a part there about an hour and a half away from me. So we meet, we met in a park a couple of times over the summer and into the early fall. Um, just had a great, you know, just a little picnic and we were, you know, the appropriate distance away from each other. And um, you know, same thing with my friends up in the mountains. We just, you know, if we're inside, we have a mask on when we go outside, we go hiking, then we'll take the mask off. But, you know, um, it's just really interesting. So, um, anyway, so how's your school situation going? Are you, are you remote learning exclusively or do you have any, any class or labs or anything like that?
SPEAKER_R: I know. So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: want?
SPEAKER_R: since I'm taking the year off essentially I've already completed my pre clinical years so all I really had to do until I returned to school is just complete this big exam that I have. But classmate below
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: like I meant he was telling me that everything is pretty much online now except for like maybe one lap that a week that they require in person.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. Your decision is certainly looking pretty good at this point. right? I mean,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think it was not something I would have imagined like if you told me like beginning of this year or the beginning of even when I started school, that would be taking a year off because of a virus. I was said. There's no way like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Exactly. Right. So, and you know, it's funny all this kicked off in like late february March and it just feels like so long ago. Um It's just remarkable the year's almost over, wow, it seems like this has been going on forever, so um
SPEAKER_R: Honestly, I think my class, especially like in March before spring break started, we all took a glass photo because the president of our class was saying like you know, just in case school ends up getting canceled for the rest of semester, like let's take it now and that kind of thing, like there's no way it's going to get cancelled. Like I think this is going to be like people are making it to such a big deal and then it ends ended up blowing up and I was like wow, that was it was almost like a shiver that got sent through me because I just like, I did not expect it to become what it has become now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Yeah, so that's that's uh that was a good call, I guess. Um So you got the picture, right? Right.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: So, so what have you been doing with your time since you're not in school and you're hanging out on prolific a little bit now and poking around on that? So have you been how you been occupying your mind?
SPEAKER_R: Uh well I came back to my home city um just living with my family right now and just took some time to catch up with my friends and I, we've been utilizing zoom and video calls a lot, so I've just been catching up with people who also have been sharing some concerns. Like a lot of my friends are still students as well or just recently graduated or trying to find jobs, so it's been just kind of stress for all of us. So I think we're all just trying to bond through these times, like my friend just graduated from farm school and right now she's in the area where she's trying to find a very like hopeful job when she's just only recently graduated, no other experience and I feel that's already over competitive and like oversaturated.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah. Gotcha, don't you? I've been, you know, our, I work in event planning and conferences for my company and so we've been doing a tap dance all year long, so um that's been there's been a lot of reinvention around that and uh I mean we've really, you know it's been kind of in one way it's been kind of stimulating because we're having to do every process differently now and some some events just kind of went by the wayside at the very beginning one we delayed and brought it back as a virtual event and that went well. The big conference that I lead that we just did it two weeks ago, I reinvented that as a virtual experience. That went very well. Uh surprisingly because it's really um it's a conference that really depends on that in person, like small group interaction, we kind of do small group learning through discussion and uh so we would try to replicate that just a little bit and seems to have worked pretty well, so, but it's been an interesting year in terms of the reinvention of everything and um you know connecting with friends and trying to find different times to get together with family and trying to navigate all that and uh you know using texts a lot more, we do a lot of zoom meetings every week at work, so I don't do a lot of zoom in my personal life. Um But I do I do use the text box quite a bit, so um that's been
SPEAKER_R: Indigent
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: company
SPEAKER_L: been true,
SPEAKER_R: like had to, I suppose like lay off workers because of the pandemic.
SPEAKER_L: we did take a pee pee pee alone um at the very beginning and so we we have not laid anyone off. Um
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: and that's yeah that's been good. Um You know, we were pretty stable company but we're um our industry is being disrupted because we're in uh we're in finance and uh there's just a lot of consolidation that's going on and uh for us that that means less revenue and so you know I think our business model is certainly evolving and uh so I I think I'm I'm at the end of my career and I think that's probably a fortuitous thing because I think there are some disruptions to come down the pipe. So. Um but you know I mean that's that's the way of the world. So um something hopefully better as being kind of created on the other side of that with Fintech and some of the other stuff that's going on. So I mean you know that is the way of life and progress I guess. So. Um But yeah we've been we've been hanging in there so um and it's been it's been good so cos the
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: company
SPEAKER_R: you mentioned,
SPEAKER_L: has been great
SPEAKER_R: yeah. And you mentioned you came to north Carolina because of your jobs with, where were you from originally?
SPEAKER_L: Well I'm from North Carolina originally and um I've been back in in the state for probably 23, years, lived all over the country various careers And settled into this job about 16 years ago. And so we uh we had two offices. Um and so we consolidated into one office in the office that I was in was closed and we had to move to the city that we're in now. So um So that was about 10 years ago that I made the move. And um I was actually born in the city believe it or not and live, my condo is like maybe a quarter mile from the place where I was born. Uh It's no longer a hospital. Um
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: It's a it's a credit union um Believe it or not um But it got converted but credit in an office building. Um but I don't, my family has all moved away. I don't have any real natural connections and so I moved here when I was 50 and 50 is a very difficult time in your life to be starting over like that, so and being single particularly so um just never really just never really clicked. So Um you know, so now I'm ready to move on and kind of um this little town that I'm going to, it's like you know the town itself on the mountain is like 300 people full time. It's got some its got a ski resort and uh so you have some seasonality with that, but it's a small town, there's a town at the base of the mountain uh called Banner Elk and that's maybe 2000 people. So everybody kind of knows everybody and like it's it's just a small community so um you know just kind of kind of in bed there and um you know having some friends there and having some connections that I think it'll be I think it'll work out pretty well so um so good stuff so
SPEAKER_R: Did you consider like moving closer to some of your family members at all?
SPEAKER_L: well actually um they are in the process, they live about like I said an hour and a half for me and my mom is about five hours away but I think what they want to do is my my brother and sister in law are going to try to move kind of in the area that I'm in but they're really interested in like um Getting some acreage and like farming so they would not yeah move toward I would move but they want to move um kind of in the area where I'm gonna be maybe spring of next year. And then my mom is entertaining the idea of coming up. She's 80, she'll be 89 in March. So so I think she wants to come up, be close to them. She would not want to live on the mountain close to me, um,
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: not going to want to do that, but she'll probably, you know, be close to them and, and they will be close to where I am. So we'll kind of have a family pod going on there. So that will be good. So, and I think, you know, again, the the coronavirus has kind of been the gateway to kind of showing us all that we really, we need to build that kind of community. And, you know, I don't know if you're familiar with a guy named, uh, not some talent, but he wrote, uh, the black swan and he talks about being anti fragile. Um, you know, and part of being anti fragile is having a supportive mutual networks that you can depend on, like your own community and where you can help someone and they can help you and so on and so forth. So, so we're trying to move in that in that direction. So
SPEAKER_R: Now that the teacher that, I think that's the one thing we can take away from this weird year is just, you know, hopefully people have gotten closer and found their support groups and just really gotten to reconnect with people that they may have lost touch with.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I found that to be true for me. How has that worked out for you? It sounds like you've, you've kind of been doing a lot of that yourself with friends and have you discovered some rediscovered some, some jimson gems of friendships that you had maybe, uh, not had as much time for previously? Well,
SPEAKER_R: I think like being in school, I think I've always been in the same state and so people who have moved away or just are different schools now and I don't see them every day anymore. It's hard to really justify just like messaging that I'm nowhere. But then since this pandemic started, you know, I think just hearing that everyone's kind of stress on the same like and having friends that also facilitate like, hey, it's been a while since we've all talked. Let's do group chat and see where we all are. I think it's been fun just to see like, oh yeah, we used to be such good friends, but we just saw touch and no one really ever made the effort to really be the one to say, hey, we should talk sometime again.
SPEAKER_L: sure. Yeah, wow, that's, that's great. I'm glad you're, I'm glad you're discovering that and finding that for yourself. So that's good. That's really good. So,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can only hope this is the worst of it and hopefully next year will bring better things.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah. I'm curious to see how the, how the vaccine rollout goes. I was, it was great to hear the news with the fires are vaccine. And um, it will be interesting to see how the logistics come together in terms of the supply chain and like the cold storage. And I'm curious to see how that works out. So, um, you have any
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: insights
SPEAKER_R: higher.
SPEAKER_L: on that?
SPEAKER_R: Well actually, cbs emails sent an email saying that they are authorized about the vaccine whenever they get it. So hopefully in terms of nationwide it won't be too much of a rush. But I know they're probably gonna prioritize health care workers and elderly immunocompromised first of course. But I can only hope that they, whoever is making vaccine has a good plan to really feel the supply and demand that this vaccine is going to have.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So, and I think I had heard that like it has to be stored in like 100 degrees below Fahrenheit or something, some ridiculously low temperature. So, um, but I mean, you know, I mean that's not the only vaccine. So, um, maybe there'll be another one that's uh a little bit easier to manage that will come along. That will be easy to scale and we'll have options. And so um, heard
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: uh an interview with Andy, I don't know if you're familiar with Andy slab. It's podcast in the bubble. Um, but I guess I think he was uh he worked on the A. C. A. With during the Obama administration I believe. And so he has he it's all focused on the coronavirus. And so he had a guy named eric Topol on This past week and he was talking about like the vaccine development was just it was like 5-7 years of science crammed into like 10 months. He said you know because they just sequenced it in January and here we are in november and we've got a vaccine that appears to be very effective. And he said that's just really that's never been done before. So um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like I was thinking like whenever they're talking about making a mess and I was kind of like, it's gonna take at least minimum of two years given like all the faces that go through an amount of information that we found out about this vaccine in such a short amount time. It's amazing to be some remember learning about it in school and I remember that we have a site called sketchy Medical basically teaches you all the viruses, bacteria and fungi in the form of a sketch. So you learn by like visual, like demonic aura, visual imagery and the video for it. Coronavirus is just a mere couple minutes, like seven minutes maybe at most. Like that's how much like was little like how little importance it was given up until now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah that's that's amazing. So but I mean thank goodness. I mean they sequenced it and you know they were able to come through so that's really good stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Technology
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: has come a long way and I'm glad it's being used effectively. Say that at
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely
SPEAKER_R: least.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. So Very good stuff. Um I think we're about 25 minutes. Um I've got 34 on the counter and I can't remember exactly when we got when we got started, maybe it was seven, so um but you know, I just really wish you all the best in terms of your future path. Um I hate that, you know, that things have been disrupted in terms of your timeline, but, you know, I um I really just congratulate you and salute you for the choices that you're making and just wish you all the best in terms of your future path.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you so much. I appreciate getting to hear you talk as well and I'm glad that you're taking your next steps on something that you want to do and that this year's giving you kind of push to do that. So I wish you the best as well.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. It's it's an exciting time and, you know, it's I think you have, to, my opinion, you just have to reach back and um and find and find that, and I hope you've developed that clarity in terms of, you know, the path that you're going on and the things that you'll be able to do, and just, I hope it's, uh, it's just inspirational and uh, it's, it's a, it's a good and uh, you know, fruitful path for you. So I, I do wish you all the best with that.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you so much. It's been great talking with you too. So I appreciate that this actually wasn't as awkward as I was expecting it to be.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah. It's uh, it's funny, you know, these can be hit or miss because a lot of times you get ghosted, uh, the person, the other person just doesn't show up. But you know, I'm glad that we were able to connect and uh, and I hope you, you have some other good conversations down the line as well and certainly good luck on prolific. I hope you like it. And I know I have so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean I'm enjoying it so far so I hope that it continues being this way as well.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely well, um, it was great to, to talk again and uh, I hope that you have a good, I guess it's afternoon maybe. Um, good afternoon where you are. And uh, and I hope you have a great weekend.
SPEAKER_R: Alright, you too. Good luck.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Thanks. You take care now.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you, bye.