Yeah. Okay baby. Okay. Mhm. What are you doing baby? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? No. Surely. Cat stakeout? You still a cow? You're silly. Your silly cat. Mhm Cool. Uh huh. Uh huh Oh no. Oh what? Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Oh wait. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Right okay. Yeah. Be doing what we're doing. Mhm. What are you doing time? Oh what are you doing? What are you doing? Huh? We're doing what are you doing? Okay? Oh what are you doing? Huh? What are you doing? Okay. What are you doing? Oh. Mhm. It's five minutes. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello? Can you hear me okay? Hello there? Can you hear me or see me? Yeah.
Yes I can hear you. You can't hear me? Yeah, you can't hear me. Hello? Yeah, can you not hear me?
So am I muffled or am I is my audio just low? Or I hear some reverb on your computer? I can hear my voice in new york on your end. River bing. Still not hear me. Yeah so you can't hear me? Mhm. Mhm mm.
I can hear you just fine. I can hear and see you as a spine but you can't hear
me
at
all.
Okay. Hi there, how are you?
Mm I'm good, I'm good. So uh all right so it's four. Oh let me look at the time a real quick so we'll kind of know I've got like 7:45 on the timer on
better up. So uh I guess for about 33 minutes we'll get us our 25. So All
How's your, yeah.
Is it, wow.
Uh it's a it's a beautiful day. It's um I'm in North Carolina and it's sunny and it's about 665° I think outside. But you know um fall has been back and forth and we had a lot of rain earlier this week, but the last couple of days have been very, very nice. This is my cat,
he's kind of a shuffling around a little bit, so
look, yeah, that's that's about kitty. So I was out of town yesterday this afternoon, so he's uh he's kind of feeling clinging so yeah.
very, very nice. That's awesome. So good deal. So um so, well, I where do we start? Where would you like to start? We talked about the weather. What would you like to talk about if
anything?
Yeah, it is the first time you've done this.
Yeah, that's awesome. I I uh have a part time job 32 hours a week, so I just kind of do it to make a little extra money on the side and prolific, found, I've kind of bounced around some different survey apps and websites and I found that prolific is really about the best that I found in terms of like high quality type stuff and um I don't know if you've been on a lot of the survey websites, but I just found that you're spending endless minutes and you were getting like no credit or screened out and that doesn't happen happen on prolific in my experience. So I've been very happy with them, so,
yeah, it's really
good
stuff,
yeah, lots of good stuff. So um I've really enjoyed some of the different research studies that I participated in and it's been kind of a nice journey, so it's good stuff. So are you on the West Coast or the East Coast?
don't
you goes,
nice.
Well
this
is
okay, that sounds great. Yeah that
sounds great. Um I have a little place up in the mountains, I'm gonna be moving to the mountains of north Carolina um later next year And uh the elevation up there is about 40 700 ft. So it's getting cold. Oh so it's uh it's going to be an interesting winter but fewer people live up there so covid wave kind of coming on and um being here in a bigger city, I've decided to just go ahead and get out where the population is a little thinner since I have that option and I've got you know, option sort of thing. So that makes it kind of nice. So.
Oh yeah definitely. I was up there yesterday and I have a couple friends that moved up there maybe about a year and a half ago and we went for a nice hike up to the top of the mountain and it was, it was a beautiful day 50° up there and bright and sunny blue skies and it was, it was really, really nice. So, um, but you know, I mean, we get into winter time, it's going to be maybe harder to do that. Uh, at least a daily basis, but uh, you know, it'll, we'll have some nice days up there too, so it will be good. So,
um, well, you know, it's been, it's funny because um, it really came on this year and I've known that I've not want wanted to be in in the city that I'm in long term. Um, you really natural connections here. I moved here because of my job 10 years ago and I just never just never really clicked with the city and with, you know, the kind of, the pace and so, um, this year with Covid, kind of sitting in my condo for two months during the lockdown, just kind of came to a head and I said, you know, I've just got to make some, I got to take responsibility for this and start moving forward. And um, so with the work in a remote option from my work, I'll be able to make that transition up there and then, you know, when we have to go back in the office, which we will have to do at some point, I'm just gonna tell them, look, I'm not coming back and if you want me to resign or let me go, then, you know, want to worry about that when we get there. So I'll just move on and they'll move on or whatever. Or maybe I'll, you know, wriggle something out of them, who knows? But
yeah I mean I just think you know you gotta I'm at that point in my life in my career where I start I've started to value um certain things over my career so so it's time to make the move. So um what about you? So you you said you're a student?
Yeah. That's awesome. So how do you how do you enjoy your your studies and uh your field, are you excited about getting your career started and in your field?
What?
Right. Right. Yeah I can't say that I blame you there at all. So um what uh I mean what uh year this has been. So I'm curious your what's your take on it is being someone who's training in the medical profession, you know what your overall impressions are in terms of, you know how how their response has been in terms of the medical profession and uh kind of the things that you've been impressed by. What are some of your takeaways?
Never.
Right. Right. I've
been
yeah, I I have to agree. Um you know here in the city, people are doing a really good job in my experience that basically all I'm doing is going to the grocery store and going to the pharmacy when I when I have to. Um So I've been very intentional about kind of limiting my interactions and kind of getting out there. Um but when I do go, I find that there's just about universal mask wearing, which which is really great, but like whenever I go out like into the into the more rural areas, I like I go into like the convenience store and maybe a third of the people are wearing masks. It's just, you know, so the split is just, you know, it's really dramatic and very obvious and it's just um, you know, it's, it's just a shame because you know, I mean, just just what you're just what you're saying because it's uh, it's so simple to do. It's annoying. Yeah, but it's simple to do and um, it's very, very effective. So um I'm just not quite sure, you know, I guess we could get into the wise, but I think we kind of probably no, so, you know, uh
I don't know, it's just, I'm just, I think that we're going to look back on this year and just kind of marble at some of the different statements that were made and some of the decisions that got made and it's just going to be, I mean, I'm sure leadership schools will be teaching this stuff for general for generations. You know
the example,
right? I was reading twitter thread by Trevor Bedford who's a researcher up in Seattle and he was talking about um you know, this this wave is going to be pretty brutal. Um and uh he really gets and I don't pretend to understand all of it, but you know, it's just really, it's kind of scary stuff to kind of see how things are moving along so quickly now and um you know, with people, some people not like doing the preventative, you know, I guess you can't can't really say it's going to get any better so anytime soon, so we'll see.
Yeah. Absolutely, Absolutely. Um Yeah, my family and I, we there's a part there about an hour and a half away from me. So we meet, we met in a park a couple of times over the summer and into the early fall. Um, just had a great, you know, just a little picnic and we were, you know, the appropriate distance away from each other. And um, you know, same thing with my friends up in the mountains. We just, you know, if we're inside, we have a mask on when we go outside, we go hiking, then we'll take the mask off. But, you know, um, it's just really interesting. So, um, anyway, so how's your school situation going? Are you, are you remote learning exclusively or do you have any, any class or labs or anything like that?
I
want?
Well,
that's
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. Your decision is certainly looking pretty good at this point. right? I mean,
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Exactly. Right. So, and you know, it's funny all this kicked off in like late february March and it just feels like so long ago. Um It's just remarkable the year's almost over, wow, it seems like this has been going on forever, so um
Yeah, Yeah, so that's that's uh that was a good call, I guess. Um So you got the picture, right? Right.
So, so what have you been doing with your time since you're not in school and you're hanging out on prolific a little bit now and poking around on that? So have you been how you been occupying your mind?
yeah, yeah. Gotcha, don't you? I've been, you know, our, I work in event planning and conferences for my company and so we've been doing a tap dance all year long, so um that's been there's been a lot of reinvention around that and uh I mean we've really, you know it's been kind of in one way it's been kind of stimulating because we're having to do every process differently now and some some events just kind of went by the wayside at the very beginning one we delayed and brought it back as a virtual event and that went well. The big conference that I lead that we just did it two weeks ago, I reinvented that as a virtual experience. That went very well. Uh surprisingly because it's really um it's a conference that really depends on that in person, like small group interaction, we kind of do small group learning through discussion and uh so we would try to replicate that just a little bit and seems to have worked pretty well, so, but it's been an interesting year in terms of the reinvention of everything and um you know connecting with friends and trying to find different times to get together with family and trying to navigate all that and uh you know using texts a lot more, we do a lot of zoom meetings every week at work, so I don't do a lot of zoom in my personal life. Um But I do I do use the text box quite a bit, so um that's been
that's
been true,
we did take a pee pee pee alone um at the very beginning and so we we have not laid anyone off. Um
and that's yeah that's been good. Um You know, we were pretty stable company but we're um our industry is being disrupted because we're in uh we're in finance and uh there's just a lot of consolidation that's going on and uh for us that that means less revenue and so you know I think our business model is certainly evolving and uh so I I think I'm I'm at the end of my career and I think that's probably a fortuitous thing because I think there are some disruptions to come down the pipe. So. Um but you know I mean that's that's the way of the world. So um something hopefully better as being kind of created on the other side of that with Fintech and some of the other stuff that's going on. So I mean you know that is the way of life and progress I guess. So. Um But yeah we've been we've been hanging in there so um and it's been it's been good so cos the
company
has been great
Well I'm from North Carolina originally and um I've been back in in the state for probably 23, years, lived all over the country various careers And settled into this job about 16 years ago. And so we uh we had two offices. Um and so we consolidated into one office in the office that I was in was closed and we had to move to the city that we're in now. So um So that was about 10 years ago that I made the move. And um I was actually born in the city believe it or not and live, my condo is like maybe a quarter mile from the place where I was born. Uh It's no longer a hospital. Um
It's a it's a credit union um Believe it or not um But it got converted but credit in an office building. Um but I don't, my family has all moved away. I don't have any real natural connections and so I moved here when I was 50 and 50 is a very difficult time in your life to be starting over like that, so and being single particularly so um just never really just never really clicked. So Um you know, so now I'm ready to move on and kind of um this little town that I'm going to, it's like you know the town itself on the mountain is like 300 people full time. It's got some its got a ski resort and uh so you have some seasonality with that, but it's a small town, there's a town at the base of the mountain uh called Banner Elk and that's maybe 2000 people. So everybody kind of knows everybody and like it's it's just a small community so um you know just kind of kind of in bed there and um you know having some friends there and having some connections that I think it'll be I think it'll work out pretty well so um so good stuff so
well actually um they are in the process, they live about like I said an hour and a half for me and my mom is about five hours away but I think what they want to do is my my brother and sister in law are going to try to move kind of in the area that I'm in but they're really interested in like um Getting some acreage and like farming so they would not yeah move toward I would move but they want to move um kind of in the area where I'm gonna be maybe spring of next year. And then my mom is entertaining the idea of coming up. She's 80, she'll be 89 in March. So so I think she wants to come up, be close to them. She would not want to live on the mountain close to me, um,
not going to want to do that, but she'll probably, you know, be close to them and, and they will be close to where I am. So we'll kind of have a family pod going on there. So that will be good. So, and I think, you know, again, the the coronavirus has kind of been the gateway to kind of showing us all that we really, we need to build that kind of community. And, you know, I don't know if you're familiar with a guy named, uh, not some talent, but he wrote, uh, the black swan and he talks about being anti fragile. Um, you know, and part of being anti fragile is having a supportive mutual networks that you can depend on, like your own community and where you can help someone and they can help you and so on and so forth. So, so we're trying to move in that in that direction. So
Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I found that to be true for me. How has that worked out for you? It sounds like you've, you've kind of been doing a lot of that yourself with friends and have you discovered some rediscovered some, some jimson gems of friendships that you had maybe, uh, not had as much time for previously? Well,
sure. Yeah, wow, that's, that's great. I'm glad you're, I'm glad you're discovering that and finding that for yourself. So that's good. That's really good. So,
yeah, yeah. I'm curious to see how the, how the vaccine rollout goes. I was, it was great to hear the news with the fires are vaccine. And um, it will be interesting to see how the logistics come together in terms of the supply chain and like the cold storage. And I'm curious to see how that works out. So, um, you have any
insights
on that?
Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So, and I think I had heard that like it has to be stored in like 100 degrees below Fahrenheit or something, some ridiculously low temperature. So, um, but I mean, you know, I mean that's not the only vaccine. So, um, maybe there'll be another one that's uh a little bit easier to manage that will come along. That will be easy to scale and we'll have options. And so um, heard
uh an interview with Andy, I don't know if you're familiar with Andy slab. It's podcast in the bubble. Um, but I guess I think he was uh he worked on the A. C. A. With during the Obama administration I believe. And so he has he it's all focused on the coronavirus. And so he had a guy named eric Topol on This past week and he was talking about like the vaccine development was just it was like 5-7 years of science crammed into like 10 months. He said you know because they just sequenced it in January and here we are in november and we've got a vaccine that appears to be very effective. And he said that's just really that's never been done before. So um
Yeah. Yeah that's that's amazing. So but I mean thank goodness. I mean they sequenced it and you know they were able to come through so that's really good stuff.
So.
Absolutely
absolutely. So Very good stuff. Um I think we're about 25 minutes. Um I've got 34 on the counter and I can't remember exactly when we got when we got started, maybe it was seven, so um but you know, I just really wish you all the best in terms of your future path. Um I hate that, you know, that things have been disrupted in terms of your timeline, but, you know, I um I really just congratulate you and salute you for the choices that you're making and just wish you all the best in terms of your future path.
thank you. It's it's an exciting time and, you know, it's I think you have, to, my opinion, you just have to reach back and um and find and find that, and I hope you've developed that clarity in terms of, you know, the path that you're going on and the things that you'll be able to do, and just, I hope it's, uh, it's just inspirational and uh, it's, it's a, it's a good and uh, you know, fruitful path for you. So I, I do wish you all the best with that.
Yeah, yeah. It's uh, it's funny, you know, these can be hit or miss because a lot of times you get ghosted, uh, the person, the other person just doesn't show up. But you know, I'm glad that we were able to connect and uh, and I hope you, you have some other good conversations down the line as well and certainly good luck on prolific. I hope you like it. And I know I have so
absolutely well, um, it was great to, to talk again and uh, I hope that you have a good, I guess it's afternoon maybe. Um, good afternoon where you are. And uh, and I hope you have a great weekend.
All right. Thanks. You take care now.