can't hear you. Are you able to hear me?
I can't hear you.
Most like that signal. Okay.
There
we
go.
I guess I just and increase my volume. Okay.
Good. How are you?
Wanted.
Sounds good. It's
okay. Just saturday. It's really windy today for some reason.
it's been good morning. So what about you?
that's good.
Hello?
I have a friend of loves cats. Yeah. She's like ready to move to her own place and she's like, I'm gonna get two cats and I'm already already ready. Like I'm gonna go to the adoption center.
I
don't know. I was, I wasn't sure what to expect. I was kind of like, I didn't know they're gonna give us topics or we were just like talking straight for like 25 minutes. So
yeah, I've, I'm doing it through prolific. So my friend kind of recommended it to me earlier on since I'm technically not, I don't have an income right now. So she's kind of you know, to do this on your free time since I'm still a student, so it's just nice. Has something extra going on right now?
Yeah, I agree. Like as a teen almost, I've been on like different survey sites, it's just like through the ones that you like play videos on europe's like all the phones and stuff too. And so when my friend told me that prolific, I was kind of like, no, I'm not really interested because like I get like a dollar maybe at most sometimes like an hour or you can even qualify for them. But I'm really surprised by just like how quickly things build here and they're actually legitimate surveys to
always
what
it feels like. There is, there is
I'm in mid coast, so kindly, I'm in uh central, I don't know how to scout region,
but
I'm, yeah, it's kind of, I mean the state where it's a lot of weird weather, but surprisingly this month has been very warm. Yeah,
we've
been
having
like 70s,
Mhm.
Are you more of an outdoorsy person,
How long have you been playing the move?
that makes sense
yep, I'm in grad school currently, so I'm still very much not close to having a stable career just yet, but it's in progress,
I'm excited, but I'm in medicine, so it's going to be quite a while before I get to really do much, I suppose, like I enjoy it, but it's definitely been hard, especially this year, I think uh Covid played a role in my exams being canceled with big exams being canceled, so I actually had to take a year off
to kind of focus on my exam, That's the biggest thing they consider later on, so as they want to, the risk with it.
Oh, I was on rotations for a little bit, so I was working besides some of the doctors who were handling
like the height of this pandemic and they're all working very hard. Like I'm very impressed by just how common professional they are, even knowing just like the fact that they really still don't know how to best take care of Covid, but they still try their best. They still want every patient to ideally come back happy and healthy, but ideally that's not always the case. I think just being able to handle the emotional toll is something that I really respected from them. Especially because right now I feel like there's the half that I think that doctors don't want to be there to help them or are not doing as much as they should, but then they have to recognize that, you know, doctors are trying the best they can, but they just don't have the resources. So it's been interesting for sure. I think the response, I feel like, I don't, I don't know, I feel like part of me believes there is hope, especially with the vaccine hopefully coming along the way soon. But I think it's really showed me a lot about like how people prioritize their different interests I suppose because to me it seems like, you know, wearing my assets annoying. Yes, but it's not something that's necessarily hard to do what it means protecting others.
So
it's been a little frustrating to see.
I think this year has just been a little odd in the fact that with the election just having gone to where it is like everything has become too polarized now like I hate to say because it's just I don't think the world should be like that. But when something is simple it's just a piece of cloth becomes red or blue kind of discussion. It's just really sad to see. Oh.
Oh yeah for sure.
I mean one states that doesn't have a nationwide mass mandate to so that's also a bit frustrating because our cases are still um they've reached an olive oil high but I still don't think we've reached the peak just yet.
I understand people need to live their lives. I don't disagree with people like going out and I understand the lockdown especially for the US. will be extremely hard for the economy and for so many other reasons but you know it's kind of like you know at least be safe like at least you know you don't have to 10 all the parties you don't have to do like so many social things like but you can do some things within limits I guess.
I know. So
I'm
since I'm taking the year off essentially I've already completed my pre clinical years so all I really had to do until I returned to school is just complete this big exam that I have. But classmate below
me
like I meant he was telling me that everything is pretty much online now except for like maybe one lap that a week that they require in person.
Yeah. I think it was not something I would have imagined like if you told me like beginning of this year or the beginning of even when I started school, that would be taking a year off because of a virus. I was said. There's no way like.
Honestly, I think my class, especially like in March before spring break started, we all took a glass photo because the president of our class was saying like you know, just in case school ends up getting canceled for the rest of semester, like let's take it now and that kind of thing, like there's no way it's going to get cancelled. Like I think this is going to be like people are making it to such a big deal and then it ends ended up blowing up and I was like wow, that was it was almost like a shiver that got sent through me because I just like, I did not expect it to become what it has become now.
Mhm
Uh well I came back to my home city um just living with my family right now and just took some time to catch up with my friends and I, we've been utilizing zoom and video calls a lot, so I've just been catching up with people who also have been sharing some concerns. Like a lot of my friends are still students as well or just recently graduated or trying to find jobs, so it's been just kind of stress for all of us. So I think we're all just trying to bond through these times, like my friend just graduated from farm school and right now she's in the area where she's trying to find a very like hopeful job when she's just only recently graduated, no other experience and I feel that's already over competitive and like oversaturated.
Indigent
company
like had to, I suppose like lay off workers because of the pandemic.
that's
And
you mentioned,
yeah. And you mentioned you came to north Carolina because of your jobs with, where were you from originally?
No.
Did you consider like moving closer to some of your family members at all?
I'm sure. Yeah.
Now that the teacher that, I think that's the one thing we can take away from this weird year is just, you know, hopefully people have gotten closer and found their support groups and just really gotten to reconnect with people that they may have lost touch with.
I think like being in school, I think I've always been in the same state and so people who have moved away or just are different schools now and I don't see them every day anymore. It's hard to really justify just like messaging that I'm nowhere. But then since this pandemic started, you know, I think just hearing that everyone's kind of stress on the same like and having friends that also facilitate like, hey, it's been a while since we've all talked. Let's do group chat and see where we all are. I think it's been fun just to see like, oh yeah, we used to be such good friends, but we just saw touch and no one really ever made the effort to really be the one to say, hey, we should talk sometime again.
Yeah, I can only hope this is the worst of it and hopefully next year will bring better things.
It's
higher.
Well actually, cbs emails sent an email saying that they are authorized about the vaccine whenever they get it. So hopefully in terms of nationwide it won't be too much of a rush. But I know they're probably gonna prioritize health care workers and elderly immunocompromised first of course. But I can only hope that they, whoever is making vaccine has a good plan to really feel the supply and demand that this vaccine is going to have.
Mhm
Yeah. Like I was thinking like whenever they're talking about making a mess and I was kind of like, it's gonna take at least minimum of two years given like all the faces that go through an amount of information that we found out about this vaccine in such a short amount time. It's amazing to be some remember learning about it in school and I remember that we have a site called sketchy Medical basically teaches you all the viruses, bacteria and fungi in the form of a sketch. So you learn by like visual, like demonic aura, visual imagery and the video for it. Coronavirus is just a mere couple minutes, like seven minutes maybe at most. Like that's how much like was little like how little importance it was given up until now.
Technology
has come a long way and I'm glad it's being used effectively. Say that at
least.
Thank you so much. I appreciate getting to hear you talk as well and I'm glad that you're taking your next steps on something that you want to do and that this year's giving you kind of push to do that. So I wish you the best as well.
Thank you so much. It's been great talking with you too. So I appreciate that this actually wasn't as awkward as I was expecting it to be.
Yeah I mean I'm enjoying it so far so I hope that it continues being this way as well.
Alright, you too. Good luck.
Thank you, bye.