shit. Go go go go go new studies available on prolific. Oh. Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yes. Oh yeah, I how are you?
Okay so what dream
the people where are you from?
Yeah. Okay. My my
name
is Andrea I'm from Ohio uh closed again. What's in the hall of Fame on if you know what that is, But an hour south of Cleveland minute. Yeah.
So
you what?
Well
I don't know. That's it.
How did
you end up? So where were you born at
to report in new york? And then then then where Atlanta?
Oh it's been everywhere. So uh and so how old were you when you went to Oklahoma
all around.
Yeah I have no I have nothing exciting to tell you I live probably 30 minutes from where I grew up. Yeah. So what what did you move for? All those?
yeah, I mean what's a good job or just
just go by yourself or?
How long it was it?
wow. Crazy.
What do you do for a living?
Okay. That's right. So those dreams are really working out for you, Huh? At least good weather. Right.
yeah. Well besides that, everything is going on out there, but yeah. What did you do? Did have you done anything or?
long how long did you do that for?
because covid stuff. Yeah. I am actually a drug and alcohol counselor. Yeah. So I deal with like the covid stuff. I mean not because not directly with the covid stuff, but I work in a hospital. Are we have like a detox unit? It's in the heart is in the hospital, so.
good night.
What's up?
Uh We had to we have 20 beds and because of the covid stuff, we had to shut down half the unit because we couldn't have two people in the room. So
it was kind of forced being slower than it was us being slow. But we've opened it back up now, we're pretty busy. So yeah, it's a it's interesting for sure and I don't necessarily like being in the hospital, but you know, so so far so good I guess. Mhm. So
so what did you take in college? What did you do? What were you going to do?
You know what?
Oh my gosh, my daughter, my daughter is actually a theater major. I can't stay. Yeah. Here she's um junior I think Just 21. So yeah, yep, that's what she does. She does, she's all into that kind of stuff. I don't know if it's the best career path, but whatever she wants to do I guess. And then my oldest daughter is a history teacher
and I have two sons. My oldest son, there's absolutely nothing. I don't know what he does. I could drive like doordash or something. I don't know. You know, whatever to make a few bucks And the youngest ones only 15, so he's not doing much of the night. But yeah. So do
you have any care
what's up?
Yeah, I think she's my I know my oldest, the oldest is doing like student teaching right now, so she's she's a senior. So he's doing like student teaching. She's doing it in class. My youngest, I think she's still going to end school classes. I'm not really sure. My youngest son is home. He's home school, but he was over school before all the so it's not it's not any different form, but Yeah. So what are you kids? Nothing.
Nice. What's what's your husband, boyfriend?
How long have you guys been together? Okay.
Yeah. Do you mean amount to ask them? Yeah.
Uh
Uh well, we only have 24 minutes.
I don't know. I'm just trying to have you, have you done this before?
I'm like, how many times you've done in two or three times?
Yeah. This will be my third one that I did. The first two people showed up to listen to. The last one that he showed up. So, um
so,
the first time I did it actually, the first time I know what that's done to that because the first time I did it, I had someone from Cleveland which is literally probably a dollar from me or whatever. Um The second time I did it, I had some guy from Alabama, I want to say. Maybe. So what were your people from other than ventura?
Yeah.
Oh
my dog is outside somewhere. He's probably, I'm probably have to let them in here eventually. Yeah, 25 minutes by ourselves. Too long.
He's probably carrying my yard up right now. If I know it's got,
Centerville is about an hour and a half I think. Where is senator that?
Cincinnati right? Or columbus
so it might be here, might be columbus columbus is about an hour and a half from me. So I'm like between Cleveland and columnist in Cincinnati. Kind of like more northeastern. Uh I guess. But almost center kinda our 11, 3 hours in Cincinnati. So that's a little further from me. But but
our girl,
It is probably 55°, so I'm probably a lot colder than, you know, where is we're at. So
I don't know one. Yeah, I don't know. I mean right now I'm okay with it because of a I like full time. Uh It's the wintertime. I don't really care for much. Uh huh.
Working already here. Oh man, I know it's frost in a couple of times, but I didn't work midnights actually, so and I leave the hospital in the morning, I came out a couple of times and the cars had crossed on them and it's not snowed yet though. Um Yeah, but it's uh I like to follow time up here. Um I've traveled around quite a bit, lots of places, spent some time in a lot of places, but always really just kind of, this is like home base for me I guess. Um I hate you too growing up, but this is what it is now.
I grew up in a really, I mean the town next to me actually I grew up in this town is even smaller the town I grew up in but we don't have much you know we had a gas station and grocery store I think when I was like 10 to put a dairy point in there and then like we got a McDonald's finally like at some point but I hated it growing up you know nothing, nothing to do. I grew up in the country surrounded by corn fields that was a farmer. I didn't read far much because I was amazing
farmers work too hard.
I came from I come from a long line of farmers and it ends with me it really does like my dad and I was literally trying to get me to do it. So my mom was a nurse Susan or and my dad was a farmer and my my mom hated the farm, she didn't even like the farm Um because it took my dad away from us and the family, she was never into the farm. So I always had like my mom to go to to like, because my dad was like trying to make me work. How about that life? So yeah, so I was like, mom dad is trying to make me work again. She's like, well you can't do that to him. You know, I
just write with my mom and she gave me like chicken nuggets and I'd be happy, you know, playing Nintendo all day. Yeah. Right. Like that, that was my life growing up. How old are you?
Okay, so I'm 42. It's not bad. At least someone closer to my agent. The last kid I talked to was like 18, 18 years old and had nothing in common with that kid whatsoever.
No. Yeah. But yeah, so
you grew, you grew up roughly about the same time I did,
So I was self employed for about 15, 20 years from home. Um I was just selling, I had some suppliers, I was selling stuff on Amazon, pretty much just a professional and I have a real job, you know what? I did that for like a long time. It was nice when my kids were growing up because I coached sports and I could coach all my kids and didn't miss games and all that stuff. Once my kids got older um I wanted to get out of the house, you spend 20 years in the house, it's it's great like let's work from home right until you actually work from home and then well you can't get away from it. So your house is your your work. So like you find yourself working around every other thing. You I mean you can stop and go do this trickling working at 3:00 AM, I'm gonna be working 6:00, like you start to get stuff done or you don't make money. So um I just got to the point where I just wanted to do something different, you know? And I really didn't, I didn't have much of an education. Had to give about 17, So I mean I'm relatively smart, I think maybe not, but I had to get about 17, so I had to just graduated high school and I Actually got custody of my son because we swell up um custody of my son. So I raised a single dad from the time I was 18 years old. Oh yeah, so I never really had much of a chance to do anything career was just because I got to make money and I did okay. But once
the kids are gone and I don't have them play with anymore, I guess no friends to play with anymore. So yeah, I started trying to find some stuff to do and I can take a class and I like a 40 hour course and I could get my foot in the door there. So I've got, I've done stuff since then, but that's how I started doing that. Um I love it, I love it. I like doing a
very interesting working with that, those people and I mean that's the drug and the drug stuff is pretty big these days, you know the heroin and meth and all sorts of other stuff that makes Pixar interesting nights
because they come in. I mean like we're first line like it's a diesel right now we're going to detox. So like I said, the first thing they do is they come in they're gonna detox for 7-14 days probably. And you basically were just medically watching them there. That because we have a medical side and then a clinical side so like uh we have nurses that medically watch them and then when they're starting to feel a little better than we'll start trying to get them set up, that's what I do trying to get them set up with something after they leave their like a residential facility or whatever they want to do. You know just anything to try to keep them you know um from using or whatever. So I mean the success rate is super super low. Like you go in there I think you're gonna save everybody and you quickly realize like yeah it's probably not gonna happen, you know? And
then the first thing bad things that happen is a lot of kids, a lot of people don't leave out of that good though, overdose and die. Okay. So I mean, it's a but it's I'm a people person while kind of I don't know if I ever not, I do like to help people. So what if I could say it was a people person, but uh I know what you want.
So, yeah, I don't know. Um but but I couldn't sports actually work with little kids. Just kids in general. I love working with kids. That's kind of what I was trying to get into it first and now I don't know if I want to I don't necessarily want to work with troubled kids, you know? I'd rather be like, I don't want that. I don't know. I mean, I don't want that. I'd rather work with kids and just kind of mentor them, but I don't want the kids that are completely already way off, you know? Um So uh so there's that
Yeah, which I don't know, I don't think anybody just go live in a bus and come out to where you are and you know, I'm sure, I mean that's, that's actually my dream, like I've worked my whole life and I just really want to be homeless, not necessarily homeless, you know what I mean?
Like
a gypsy, I just want to float around a little bit. I like to travel, so um Right.
Well, yeah, you're working to put a roof over your head. That's no fun. Like I've never wanted to be that. I've never wanted my life to get to that point and I fight it like I'm still like the young, my buddies are all like settle down, you know, they didn't work, they come home and watch netflix. I don't know what they do, you know, they sit in a chair and you know, I don't know, you know, I'm still like trying to do stuff. Um, you said you like to travel,
you
go just around the United States out of the country.
we didn't, I'm gonna say four years ago now we took a trip out west for three weeks when all way out to the Oregon coast.
But we as beautiful. But we did that, we spent, we really stay anywhere too long. Like we, we spent, we spent like two days in Utah and then pack up, drive another four hours and stay like two days in Wyoming or two days an idea or two days here. We just kept moving and then we came back across like the montanas and up into like South Dakota and all that stuff. Um I love, I love that area up there, It's a beautiful area.
Yeah, so I would like to do this, do the trip down south next time now. I've been to all the States pretty much. I've been, let me say I've been to as Alaska
Score.
How
do you miss all those states when you're up there and you know,
I
don't know.
Well, yeah, I guess because when I went to Maine, I mean, I, I really didn't do too much in Vermont actually. I thought Vermont was a beautiful state though, and I would like to spend some more time than actually. But uh, so I technically have been in Vermont and I didn't do too much in Vermont, Vermont discuss. It was because I was coming back from Maine and Vermont, but I like that area up there, like the new Hampshire, the new England area up there. Um I like there's lots of places, like one of my favorite places that are some of my favorite, probably my favorite places. I have a couple of different favorite places. I like to think the Badlands in South Dakota. And have you ever been out there in that area? I love that area, but I'm eating outdoors, You like that? Um the open areas, the Montana, lots of Montana, I like that. And then of course there's like, you know, you always got like new Orleans, you just don't get new Orleans anywhere else. That's the thing. So there's like, it's kinda like Vegas, I'm not a huge Vegas fan, but you really only get Vegas in Vegas and that's kind of the way new Orleans is too. I mean you get like, especially like the beaches, the whole eastern coast especially is pretty much the same beach over and over and over again, you know?
I know. But like when you're from Ohio, so like everybody in the area that seems to go to Myrtle beach over here, like that's a thing. Go to Myrtle beach. And I'm like, listen, you get Myrtle beach all along the coast, Why are you guys going to Myrtle Beach? There's like, you know, there's nothing special about murder weeks. There's really not. There's there's a bunch of like those wing stores or whatever, like where they sell towels and shirts. That's probably the only thing that's really different about it. Right? I don't
I don't get it. But what about that? In florida? You've been down in florida or?
I don't even have. The keys have been down there for
Orlando in the south of Orlando. Yeah, we did um two years ago. Three years ago we went down through um we went down there and we went to the Everglades I guess, and then over the keys and went out to the keys for a couple of days and then came back through like, Miami went back from the up that side to like, you know, South Beach and stuff like that. South in Georgia for a little bit. How did you like Atlanta when you lived there?
I'll tell you what, I really I really had it. Probably the wrong opinion on it. I mean, I don't only spend a couple days or so. What do I know? But I like I really liked it for like a bigger city. I liked it. You
could
this
one.
Yeah. When he's talking to Havana for a little bit,
it
was nice. It was it was it was a good trip on. Kind of what we do is we just take these road trips. Don't ever go anywhere to stay for too long. We just kind of bounced around like this past year. We went because all the covid stuff, I wasn't even sure if I want to go on vacation or what was gonna happen. Uh So I'm trying to think like somewhere where we could go and just being outside nature. I didn't want to go somewhere. So I went to the upper peninsula of michigan. Have you ever been up there? But that's a beautiful area up in there.
Mac and that most
island or whatever is
you
don't go up into the Upper peninsula,
beautiful up in there, but you have to go to get all the good stuff. You have to go all the way to the top of the upper. So there's like um Copper Harbor is up there, it's way up. I mean it's beautiful. I I didn't even know this stuff existed up there. It's like stuff you see in movies really. I'm a big hiker, like a hike. Um So we did a lot of trails up there. It's a great time. We actually took 10 days and we just traveled from the east and we went to Mackinaw island and that's where we started and then we just went all the way around with the circle and then
back back home. So I'm running out of places to go just about everywhere, you know?
Yeah I know I mean there's still places I haven't I've been to all the States haven't been everywhere in all these States. So you know obviously so I tried to find I try to find like you know um different geographical locations to try to go explore like a little tom Sawyer or something. Yeah, that's what I am. I'm still that little kid. Uh huh.
So funny that you said that because me and my nephew, I did camp along the, and I never did the Appalachian trail, but I can't along the Appalachian trail in Virginia. But me and my nephew have been talking about, we're all, he's on this kick like he's like, what do you want to go do this? And I'm like, I would love to go do like that's right up my alley. It's just not something you go do the right, it's just not something it's like, well, you know, I gotta get six months. No, you don't have to worry about how I'm gonna pay my bills when I'm gone. I'm gonna watch my dog. I mean, I don't know. You know, and he's already out like buying stuff and I'm like whoa dude, slow down man. Like I don't, I mean yeah, I want to but I need to plan, you're going way too fast for me.
But my daughters, my daughters friend actually did just did it. This will pass. No 2019 I guess so. And she didn't through her age. She did it all. Yeah. Have you done that or is that what you're asking? Just something curiosity.
I've been reading your 20 sit next. I've been reading about a liar last couple months and they said you do about any worry about 12-16 miles a day. Which I mean I've done lots of hikes Like when we knocked up peninsula we did like a 15 mile like but that's why my limit. I mean now I'm sure if I had a little bit more and lost bad, but you know, um yeah, I don't know. I was like, I told him if I could die at the end of my life and say, hey, I like the relationship. You did something right? You really did. Like that's something that everybody does.
But then
again like wrap your head around like what is it like, I don't have any 1000 miles. It is a lot clinton Georgia to maine. Like how do you even like prepare yourself for that? I don't know what that's like. You know, I guess you just got to put yourself out there and like my daughters, my daughters friend who did it. It was probably 19 shy, shy girl. Like not, I don't know and she just wanted this by herself, Clear her stuff like yeah, I mean I don't know and she did it so I figured it was like 19 year old girl could go do it. I should be able to go do it right. But I'm not so sure. It's like when I'm hiking up mountains, you know? And I'm like huffing and puffing and there's like a 75 year old ladies like just walk him. And I'm like, what is wrong with me? You know, Why am I struggling so bad? You know?
But okay. Well, I think the real close to time almost give it a minute, a minute or two I guess. I mean, yeah.
And good luck. How many of these things can we do by the way?
That's what I'm going to keep doing too. It's like easy side money. I mean really?
Uh, so that's why I did it and I did the first one and I said, well you can do like, I think it's like six more times with, oh my God.
Yeah. All right. Well, I think we're good
peter. Thank you.