good, how are you?
I'm Lauren,
well I'm from Atlanta but I live in California
work
with.
I'm very vaguely. I
would took Minnesota. So I know some of the midwest
I went to college in Minnesota so I
know some midwest. I went to Mcallister.
Tiny
thanks.
I was born in new york
actually. Oklahoma.
We went when I was six and we left when I was 10. So up from like fifth grade through high school, I was in Georgia. Um Yeah and then college in Minnesota and California after that
all around. Are you born in? Ohio?
You know Sunshine dreams? Yeah,
just wanted to try a new place. Right?
No, I moved out here with a couple friends back then so it's been a long time. So
I was 13 years ago. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh well nothing right now.
We do have good weather although But yeah. 2020 that. Yeah,
Um I was the events manager for a restaurant so
I was there less than a year. I started last september This asked me to come start the program so I can I went in September of 19 started a great program that then of course got shut down when all this happened so.
And have you busier
or is it the same,
have you been busier because of everything going on there?
People.
Well that's that's important work.
Oh I did liberal arts so you know we study everything and then I was the manager
a theater measure.
Well nice.
Crazy
in school right now
it's a crazy time to be in school right now.
Yeah we have a um a step mom so I have a nine and 11 year old In the next two rooms so
is my husband, he's a chef, so he's been working thank goodness.
years.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah
ha ha ha.
Yeah a couple of times
I think I've had to, that actually happened I think I've had two more but the other person didn't show up so.
but it's
interesting last time the woman I'm in Los Angeles and she was like inventory which is the next county over which I thought was funny.
I think the other guy was in I think he was in like rural Oregon. Oh
um right
my dog is scratching to come up on the bed.
correct.
I'm trying to remember where I spent some time in Ohio and I'm trying to remember is Centerville near you?
I can't remember. It's a suburb of something or like it's outside of
maybe. I don't know, This is
The job,
Is it cold?
Oh, we're having a cool spell and it's only here, I'll give you accurate information. Only 81 today.
My sister's in Minneapolis and they got snow and like.
I know. It's always funny. So we grow up.
Try
I do my work hard for sure.
And
I'm 37.
Right, That's
But
how'd you get into the drug? The work you do now?
What?
that's great.
I can only imagine.
required.
Sorry, I'm sorry.
That's a good like this seems like a good experience regardless of where you want to go next.
Right. Move more
mobile.
That's hard. Like we were talking about this, you know, especially my husband keeps since he's been working consistently like we used to work so we could take vacations and now because we can't do it. Um It's like what are we working for? You know like.
Yeah. Yeah. We, I mean this is the longest we've gone without going anywhere probably since we met like six years
ago.
Yeah. Mostly like in the U. S. Um We've driven across country a couple of times and then a lot of stuff within California. Right?
Oh nice. It's so pretty.
That's so interesting.
I've
been there but I haven't been, I haven't been to Hawaii maine Vermont and new Hampshire, those are my
floor,
you know, it makes no sense.
My
family is from the south, so whenever we would travel from new york we would just go to visit family. So it was the wrong direction.
Yeah. But I mean especially now that I live here, it's like, I mean it's kind of a waste of time to go to the beach on the East coast.
I am,
Yeah. My mom, my parents, my mom still lives in Georgia and they have a house in south Georgia. It's the last city before the florida border. So I mean I've been down there a little bit
to the keys. I went to the Okefenokee once when I was growing up, but I've never been, I guess I've never been south of Disney World because
I mean I'm, I liked it decently growing up and then I've learned to appreciate it a lot more after I left.
I mean
I like it a lot. I mean I
would
probably move back there.
Yeah, it's
pretty,
Yeah, the same. So I used to work for a traveling Children's theater, which is why I was in Centerville Ohio and we had a week whatever the last town is like before the bridge that takes you into the U. P.
No, no.
So we had a week there, but that I didn't get to go into
the,
no.
And
that's that's good.
And any of the Appalachian trail.
That's funny.
I've never done, no, I've hiked like a few days um mostly on I think in Georgia and then a little bit in north Carolina I think. Um, but no, I've never done remote.
it's
fresh.
Yeah. That's
No, it's no,
I don't know. I keep just signing back up until they tell me the stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah. I think I remember that they said you have to keep track and I realized I could do a better job of keeping track.
All right. We'll take care.