doesn't Mhm Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm, Mhm, mhm Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. What you find? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Look, Yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Fuck it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah.
Hi, how you doing? Hi, can you hear me? Okay,
Good. How about yourself? Yes.
J j what about you?
to meet you? Andy? Mhm
California, but we're going to be moving to Montana in about three weeks.
Yeah, California sucks. I hate it out here. Um,
Orange County, So I'm like 20 minutes from Disneyland tops. Mhm
What about
you? Are you?
Oh no, our two choices were literally Ohio Akron Ohio, or uh, Great Falls, Montana?
Okay. Say I've got
tons
of,
okay, I have friends that live in
Akron and so they're like, oh, just move out this way. But I fell in love with Montana after going there. So Montana, It was,
so Great Falls.
It's
so if you were like, so look at it from the perspective like where the state of Wyoming is, it's north of Wyoming and you're about maybe three hours from the Canadian border.
That's all.
so
flat,
no
flathead lake is further northwest of us.
Well that's fun. Yeah. So if you were in buildings, you had to come through Great Falls to get two buildings.
Oh, that's fun.
That's fine. See I used to live in Washington. I lived in a, I lived southwest of Seattle, so pretty much I've moved all over the entire western side of the U. S.
The
eat.
Yeah, I've been all through the pacific northwest. I lived in Oregon for a bit, lived in Washington for a bit
Idaho's.
Ooh, that's tough. Um, even though I haven't lived there yet, I have to say Montana, it's just so beautiful. There's plenty of places that you can hike, hunting is totally kosher out there. I mean out here in California, you mentioned the fact that you're a hunter and right away, it's like you have this scarlet letter on your chest and I'm like, so sue me because I want to kill Bambi and eat them.
I say, I love that. Like my daughter just turned three. I told my mom, I said for her first, her birthday next year thinking might get her first little crossbow and she was like, are you serious? Yep,
no, I was born and raised out here, but I hate it here. I've hated it since I was a kid and so minute I was old enough
to hop on a plane.
Well, aside from people being completely rude, unless you're in like NorCal where you've got more like the farm towns and stuff where people actually converse with one another, Like where I met, it's like you find like all the stuck up snooty people or people who think they're better than everyone else. Like heaven forbid. I walked outside in my pajamas to go get the newspaper at the bottom of the driveway.
It's where I live. Yeah, it's horrible. And so I mean that and it's like, I love the fact that I'm going to get four seasons again. I miss that more than anything else. Like Oh
my gosh.
Oh my gosh. I miss it. So bad. Like
I,
but
bus
see, I miss that.
I see.
I mean that's, that's not too bad.
Like
I
know like,
yeah, I see. For me, I'm not weirdo. You'll see me outside. Like when I was living up in Washington it would be like 12 degrees outside. I kid you not with shoveling snow and shorts, long tube socks and a T shirt. People are looking at me like I'm nuts,
Yeah, I got, I got the cold. Doesn't my daughter is the same way. Like my mom was like, oh, bundle her up, okay, fine, just to appease you, I'll bundle her up all we go out. You'll literally see a little trail of clothing following behind where my daughter was playing because she's just
taking it all off. She's like me, we love the
cold.
Who
take a guess? I love this question.
No,
Just take a guess. Trust me, you're
not going to
offend
me.
Oh right. On the money.
on the yeah right on the money
I'm
Gonna
stay
36.
See how that's
close.
But
you have
you have a young looking face so that's
that's
totally
gonna play in your favor Because I almost
said like 28 and I was like, no,
well see that's what kept throwing me was your beard? I was like, shoot okay.
Because guys were like, it never fails when a guy shaves, they have like a complete baby face and so it's like, yes, like out here
you get
Yeah, I was gonna say 28 and then I was like uh
and one so far,
nope, single dad took off on us literally three months into our well into my pregnancy. Haven't
seen
from him since when I had her, I was 30, I had just turned 30.
he has
three.
that's awesome.
Yeah, that's awesome that you raised them as your own, like that's how my grandfather was, my my grandma, she had nine kids prior
to marrying my grandfather and he literally took all nine of them in because their dads were all dead beats, took them all in raised him as their zone, you know? And then my grandma had my mom and her three siblings and so I mean altogether he had, you know, a whole literal bunch of kids that weren't biologically his.
my
grandma was busy.
Picture,
you
were
dad?
Mm That's awesome.
Two.
No, I was just saying that's awesome that you did that. Not too many men like you always see like women willing to step up to the plate and take in another man's kids, but
it's
rare when there's a guy like you out there who is willing to raise someone else's kids and not only just raise them but raise them like they're his own.
So
that's so cute.
That's what combined keeps doing the same. I had to silence it
just now.
But
that's
so
funny.
that's
totally true.
that's right.
That's
All those fun things. Right?
Yeah.
Yeah. It was funny because so my mom lives with my mom, my daughter and I, we all live together and we were talking about it and just like you know what we wanted to get out of here for a long time, let's
just do
it, let's
pull
the trigger and just let's just do it. And
so
the three of us. Yeah.
So
So yeah,
like I have always dreamed of living on a farm. Like I was that city kid that grew up in the city, but for whatever reason fell in love with the farm and
have
no problem going out mucking stalls at five AM feeding the chickens. No issue whatsoever.
That's awesome.
That's so funny.
Next.
That's so funny.
That's
That's funny.
So
am
I?
my
gosh.
That's so funny.
That's
so
funny.
Big
green thing for sales wheels
and an engine.
That's hilarious.
So I'm a photographer. I work from home at the moment and then I do this. But and compliments of Covid and our idiot governor virtually shutting everything down. Like it's been hard to get business because now everybody is scared to even just, I mean, I'm that person like when I meet someone, my dad always taught me, you shake their hand. You say hello. That's just how I was raised. Now. People will give me like, I'm not because I'm like, hey, nice to meet. And they're just like, yeah, no.
Oh my gosh. Yes. Like people out here are nuts. Like all, like, like, I don't know if in, Ohio, it's enforced. But out here you have to wear a mask. Like
they,
here it's, it's like, I mean they won't let you into the stores. I mean whether it's a gas station liquor store, you know, mini mart, whatever the case may be, you have to have it on. And I remember my daughter, mind
you,
Oh no, here it's enforced. My, my
daughter is three. Okay. We were in a
grocery
store
the other day
and her mass came down low And Mind You three, the associates like I'm sorry she's gonna put her mask back on. I was like,
she's three, like
most three year olds are constantly fidgeting with her face and the only reason I came down because she was playing with her nose. Like realistically if an infant doesn't have to wear a mask, the reality of the situation is, what difference does it make? Because if
every infant out there ain't
wearing a mask and they
all get
covid pass it on to their moms and dads. Like it's
well.
Absolutely
Sure I walk around with.
So,
like I personally think like the best way to control this virus is the simple concept of herd immunity, expose yourself to it, build the immunity to it. Not obviously if you're immuno compromised completely different story but the reality of the situation is, the more we try and shelter ourselves from it, the more detrimental it could be. And as a matter of fact CDC is now saying mask are completely pointless because not only did they don't protect the wearer but they don't protect everyone else from around you and they're actually spreading more germs.
So
it's
like.
Yeah. Well I think that's that's
the biggest problem I agree with you because it's like each day is like every man for himself you
know?
Well it's like
Well and that's what Sweden did and if you notice Sweden is one of the first countries that was able to bounce back because they said right that's it, we're shutting everything down every business, everything they sanitized. Like I mean they even sanitize their flipping streets okay, They literally straightened everything out and within a month they were able to reopen
their country full blown and they're not having to go through all this like crazy nonsense with rising numbers. Like we're seeing here in the US.
I mean
over,
well, they're getting ready to shut it down. That's the crazy
part.
See out here, even with the masks on, like numbers are still rising and it's like the way I look at it is like they're testing for certain things and from what I understand and I could be wrong. You work not hospital. So correct me if I'm wrong,
but
okay. Um, but from what I understand with Covid, you can actually have influenza and actually test positive for Covid because some of the markers that Covid is looking for is the same exact markers that you're going to find with people who test positive for the flu. So realistically, it's like we have to ask ourselves now, all these cases that we have surging here in California, are they actually covid 19 or is it, you know, a false positive because people are, you know, the same markers
that they're looking for in Covid are the same markers are finding an influenza. And so it's like, it's not like catch
22
or we're damned if we're doing
say
that
word.
No, no on the test. So like whatever it is that they look for in the test, that's what they were talking about yesterday morning on the news. And so it's like there's been this influx and all the hospitals here. And so now the governor is like, oh, we've had, you know, 250,000 brand new cases. We need to go back to being in that purples here and literally we're shutting everything back down to only essential businesses being opened again
and
it's
like
see
out here, like literally the only thing you could do was go to grocery stores, um a lot of the liquor stores even had to close down because they weren't considered essential unless they sold actual food, you know, inside
the liquor store, if it was just like straight up liquor and cigarettes, they were told they had to shut it down because it wasn't considered essential. So.
I
mean I would think so because it's it's processing food that I mean maybe not be the healthiest
thing to eat, but
I
mean
well and that was kind of my argument here when when we were discussing this back in March is when they started shutting everything down here, they shut everything down including restaurants, but restaurants could remain open for takeout or drive thru orders. Okay. Well the reality of the situation is if any one of those fools is infected and they're now handling my food that I'm about to go eat,
you're just continuing to spread this perpetual cycle of passing the virus from one person to the next. You know, if we're
gonna shut
it down then like shut it down,
close
it down and let's do this, get it over and done with
but
absolutely.
well it's like what sucks is like, I don't know if you're pro trump providing either way, I don't care. But what I can say is President jumped trump, did a hell of a job to get our economy so much better than where it was at four years ago. And then it's like we had this half ass shutdown of our states that just completely tanked us completely,
that's
that's my point.
Like
like
I know a lot of small business owners out here that I have as friends who had to shut their businesses down because they couldn't afford to stay open
because
they were deemed non essential, even though they were providing a service that to some was essential. You know, I have some friends that suffer from chronic pain and the pain is released or relieved by going to the masseuse or to the chiropractor, but guess what? Those things were shut down and so it's just like, okay, well where do we draw the line, because if we're going to take the economy just shut everything down and like you said,
just
make it worth something? Exactly, yeah,
no, I totally
hear you.
Oh, absolutely. Well,
it's,
you know, and the thing is like when you look at it, like I was actually looking at a statistic the other day of how many people died from the flu versus how many people have died from Covid in this whole time that we've had it. The flu deaths from the flu complications or the flu itself surpasses Covid on a huge scale, you know? So the reality is the flu is still there. But guess what? We've learned to exist and, you know, continue life with the flu in hand, you know? And like I said at the beginning, you know, if you are immune, a compromise, obviously you need to take even further precautions. However, I mean, I look at it this way. I mean, what world am I leaving behind for my three year old?
Like
it's nuts. Yeah,
We
Likewise,
it was a pleasure talking to you.
You tune your family has a happy holidays.