Hello?
I can you hear me? How you doing?
What's your name?
And if, yeah.
Nice to meet you too. Were the problem?
Perfect. Why?
enough. Where do you live in California
night I
guess.
Ohio.
That is funny cause I live probably 20 miles or so from Akron,
but that
live in
Canton. Canton, Akron Canton.
What?
Me too. I get it. I've been to Montana's, my understanding. We're at my dinner.
Grateful.
You know, I was grateful. Is that?
Okay. So let's,
I feel like I've been up there. What? I've been through that area. I don't know if it was that area I've been through. Like I went into Glacier, um, a flathead lake is up there and if you know where that's at, I don't
know
that. It's
a great ball, but
okay. Okay. So yeah, so I was up in my head lake and then became bad back down to Billings Montana and we took a road trip out west like three years ago.
I, maybe, I, maybe I did, I don't remember. We're on the roof for like three weeks. I don't, it was a lot of driving. Yeah, we stayed in Wyoming for a couple of days. You stayed in Utah for a couple of days, colorado for a couple of days, Idaho, we run all this, well, we went all the way out to the Oregon coast.
I went up to Seattle and back across like the Dakotas and Montana and all that.
like
the pacific
northwest.
Where's your
favorite place?
There you go. And we do that. Ohio all the time. Big. Active in, in Ohio.
Are you from California or where are you originally from?
what
don't you like? What don't you like about it?
Really isn't that bad
From
somebody who gets worse seasons. I'm not sure I miss that. But yeah,
I mean you
can be three seasons the wintertime. I'm not since no, I didn't
give me a couple of days in winter, but like the long drawn out
winner.
It's been like it's November here and usually it's really cold but we've been like 70 some degrees. What's
it?
No,
pretty
comfortably
like that. It's only 50. Oh
good. Done that. Have been there, done that. I didn't like what? I put boots on and then I'll just floor like wear shorts and I'll go shovel snow.
All
I
get that. I get the call doesn't bug me as well. The older I get the more kind of bugs me a little bit, but
how are you?
Oh man, don't even go there and I'm
not doing this. Not playing this game.
I
built
her
in 34,
is that right?
Okay. How old? How old am I good? Since
you,
since
you made your deal?
42? That's
important.
I'll
take
that. Okay.
I do
have not
been a lot.
extreme
if I shaved his beard off, I'd probably even be younger, but yeah,
I don't
I'm
gonna get with that actually, I get 20 is a lot actually,
I run I run around with a lot of younger people, so um Uh that probably helps me because when I'm asking somebody, I'm with somebody younger than me, you know? So I run around with a lot of 25 year old, 26 year olds just because all my friends are boring now and no fun, like raising kids, How many kids do you have
with the one? Are you married or?
Hold
on.
I had my first kid at 17 and then I had thought that um I raised him and then I was in another relationship and she
had three
kids that I raised for like eight or nine years and her dad wasn't around and even though we're not together anymore, I still call them my kids and we still, yeah, I mean they're leather, I'm I look just like my gets honestly
Technically I have four catch, my oldest son is now 23 um And I got another 23 year old, 21 year old and a 15 year old.
No.
reminds a lot, you know, but you know
you're,
I was with him, I raised them, you know, they look especially like the youngest one, he was only because the two older
one of the girls and the youngest ones, a boy and I have a boy myself, but uh he was only she's probably a year less than a year maybe when we got together. So I raised them basically. I was basically all he really knew, I
mean the
girl,
yeah, the girls, the girls knew that it wasn't really their dad, but you know, over over the years it's kind of they realize that the dad was pretty much worth listening, you know? Um so I look at it like my daughters and my son, you know,
Yeah, there's so
many different, it isn't, sorry, let me catch you off.
you're
not
well,
yeah, because we're not together anymore, and I still like I'm about to go tomorrow, I'll play tennis with my daughter I guess, I don't, you know, but
and they were both in college and you know when they were when they were growing up, me and the girls we didn't get along, I mean we got you know teenage girls, I was just having a boy, it was different sorry my phone's um
but
anyways it'll stop for a second um So I mean the girls we never we never really got along, not really getting along, we just didn't you know
I mean they didn't like me parenting them or whatever but now but now that like they're grown up, they are much more you know not me and the boys flight more than the girls do,
so it's
kind
of I mean the boys get along so good growing up, you know my both my son and the youngest of my youngest son you know because I can really do, we can do camping, we could do we could do all these you know boy things I guess and me and the girls, I just couldn't relate to the girls, they were crazy and I know how to myself, teenage girls are just weird, I don't know. Um But now like me and the girls get along great and they're very like I feel like that girls mature faster. Probably my
own.
Yeah my oldest son is now 23 and I think he's just starting to come around and we we we fought like cats and dogs just I mean not we got along but I mean like as far as like parenting and trying to like you know get him to do the right thing and doing a job and do all these things, you know, he didn't he was just like you're an asshole, I don't want to both of you
And as teenagers but but now he started to come along a little bit, you
know, he's, he's starting to grow up a little bit. He's got himself a girlfriend. He's going through some of the stuff that, you know, we all go through, like having to pay bills and stuff like that.
Yeah, all those things I hate, I'm really just
thinking moving to Montana and I'd love to move them on, honestly.
So
you
guys
are all going,
you
guys are all killing right? All you guys better.
So I think about
that. I think about moving a little bit now. I mean, Ohio is what it is. I mean there's nothing really here. It's classic midwest and I grew up in a cornfield in a small town, pretty much I'm gonna live close to Canton, which is really close to Akron, basically Akron Canton the same thing basically, but where I live, There's probably 20 minutes south of there and it's just, it's, my dad was a farm where I grew up on a farm. Um but there's just nothing here. I mean it's, you know, it's everything is like a chain restaurant. Um There's no culture of any kind here, it's, I don't know, it's boring, there's there's nothing to go do, Everything is flat, you know, there's no no pretty scenery, it's just that's fields for the most part.
huh.
See
that
grow weird now, welcome back because I came from a long line of farmers. My grandpa was a farmer, We have a family farm.
Yeah, we have a family farm, but I was young, my dad wanted me to be a farmer, you gotta understand this is probably like mid eighties maybe, and like farming has become much more mainstream now, much more like it's cool to be a farmer now, right? It's okay like when I was growing up, No you were a hillbilly hill, you know, it's before country music, you know, people don't like country music guy back in. I mean the old people, the old hillbillies like country music. Uh
we're going to be a farmer back then And luckily I had my mom and my mom was never really like a farm girl. So my mom and dad remember for like 25 years ended up getting divorced. It's the best thing I could have ever done. But because my mom wasn't a farm girl, my dad had to farm. My dad devoted all his time to the farm. My mom hated that, wow. But I had my mom to run to when I was young because I didn't want to form. I looked at my dad and I thought man you guys worked really, really hard, you know
and at 10 years old you don't really think like I want I want to work hard, you know my dad tried to like buying the tractors and stuff and I'm just like no can I get a Nintendo or something?
so I just ran to my mom and you know and she would just spoil me and taking me to Mcdonald's or whatever you know and trying to make me work you know and
except she hated the farm, I could get away with that but so I think my dad gave up on me being a farmer like by the time I was like 12 or 13, I don't know and uh now I look back and I wish like I would have done that because you know you grow and mature and you know I would I would actually love to go for my dad still has the farm when I watched my dad right now and I was like, dad, you know, I want to learn how to farm. He'd probably be the happiest person in the world, you know? But I just don't I mean, I don't know, just point in my life, I don't know if I'm going to do all that.
But
when
he,
when he passes away, I'm gonna get the form. So I don't know what the cows are going to do because I don't even know how to take care of them. I just don't like that. My dad gives me like a plan before he does this, like he gives me like a sheet or something. I've got a heart attack or something right now, I'm gonna I got like 100 cows. I'm just gonna be like,
I don't
even know what, I don't even have to feed you guys, you guys are screwed.
You got a book to equipment. I don't think the equipment, I don't even know what are we gonna do with that? Have
to put an
ad on
craigslist. This is like big green thing.
No one
the thing
with disks on. Um For me, I don't know what this is.
Yeah. Do you work
Or people doing that following the stuff out there?
Well, we have
a man actually just as of yesterday, like I think if they talked about enforcement before this, they were like, they were like, yeah, whatever. I mean, you're so you wear a mask, but if you didn't, who cares? No.
But
they don't really enforce that though.
Now
news
only
available
are prolific.
Crazy
because
I agree
mary.
I
mean,
there's no there's no good,
no good way. I don't know. There's no good way. I mean part of me, I mean I understand that the idea of trying to control the spread. But how do you control the thread of the collection? Um I guess. I mean, you can't, like you said, kids are gonna take mass off their kids. You know, adults are gonna walk around without mass because sometimes we just do shit we shouldn't do. Um
You know
what I do with a lot of here? I mean people I try not to do it. I don't do it intentionally. Like where I work, I work in a hospital. Which is funny. Um I'm I'm I do addiction counseling, like drug and alcohol counseling. So what we actually are based in the hospital. And so I mean, I work in a hospital and I'm supposed to wear mask all the time. Obviously, I probably should be wearing a mask, but I'll catch myself walking around without a magic all the time. But
you know what I shouldn't be doing obviously, but uh yeah, I don't know. It's crazy.
Well, I
thank
you.
I think, you know, I think you're I mean, you're my, in my opinion, I agree with what you're saying to a certain extent, but here's the thing, if you're, if we could crack down and we can just like, I don't know how you do it, you have to shut everything down right now. But it's the problem is we don't, we haven't done like one thing we like shut down a little bit, but then we don't shut down and then the other state doing this and this state doing this and like, there's no, there's no coordination to it all. I mean, you know, I mean if you're gonna do it half ass, you might as well just not even do it.
That's
just
if we want to do this, either we're not going to do it and we're going to the herd immunity thing or we're going to do it and we're going to lock ourselves in the house, which I don't know if you can even make people do, but I mean that would be the idea of it. I mean, I'm over it obviously like probably like everybody else, I'm just tired of dealing with that, you know, and it's not going away. But
again, like let's do something either let's get rid of it or say screw it, wanted to.
All
Yeah. And that's I think that's another problem right there, is that we even at our best, we only shut down to like 60%. I think we never like, I was reading some stuff when they said that a lot of other countries shut down to like 90%. But even at our most were always shut down to like 60%. Yeah.
I don't know. What are your
businesses open out? There is everything open.
The
first thing we're doing here. Governor just came on last night and said if people don't start wearing mask and it looks like my dad talking to me, you know, like in one week, if you have the numbers don't go down, we're gonna start bars back down bars, you know, salon stuff like that, you know?
I
don't deal with it, so. Yeah.
Well,
Instead
of running,
are you saying
the
same
come back like international test or you just need the symptoms?
Well,
I
don't
know what that means. Do you guys like when we did the central businesses in april whatever that was? I mean, everything was essential. So, I mean, I don't know what we even shut down. Not very much stuff, you
know.
What?
Well, today essential, But I mean, I don't know. I don't know. Everything seems essential. I don't understand why that's a problem. Like some of the stuff that was open is probably not really essential. Like we we had a potato chip factory here. Is that really it's essential? I don't know, We're serious provocation factor that probably employees. I mean, a couple 100 people, I mean, is that really essential?
Just
all
randi
Rhodes.
Mcdonald's really essential. Mcdonald's would shut down. Are we going to be, I mean, I think we'll be okay.
I agree,
heard
clearly.
Let's
get it done.
I think all we really
did was we, we tried to shut it down half ass obviously. And now we did was kind of killed the economy, but it didn't,
it didn't go away fast enough and they're just like, well, we can't do this anymore, so open it back up.
right. But we didn't do, we didn't accomplish nothing would be one
thing.
It would have been one thing. We just shut it down. It would accomplish something. The virus would went away and we can, you know, obviously there's gonna be a financial problem with anything like this, There's gonna be a financial burden to this. Um, but not like I think we stretched out that burden so much. We're because we just, we shut it down. We ruined a lot of shit and it didn't go away fast enough and now we just open it back up. So now we're not stopping the Koven and we've already destroyed by a lot of finances. I mean, you know, I don't I don't I don't know. It seems
we're just over
it.
Are you
ready?
You
work?
Everybody,
everybody
knows the bar bar restaurant thing. Um And he was pissed when they shut down and I but I mean I get it. It's not nobody's fault. I mean the rac rally is nobody's fault. Nobody's fault. Americans, the government. It doesn't matter like all of us, I don't know are probably a part of the problem. You know, all of us have our own special interests in our own ideas that will have waited the way to do things. I don't know. I don't know. The answer for all I know is I don't want to keep more of this for years
and it doesn't seem
like throwing down anytime soon.
You want to get a get a
get
I get it. Well, I think we've hit our time
and I've I'm not gonna do. It was great talking to you.
I'm going
all right, have a good day.
You feel bye bye.