SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Not too bad. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Is it nighttime where you are? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: no. Dinner time White. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's around 9:45 where I am?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. We're about are you
SPEAKER_R: Um in the east coast of the United States Georgia.
SPEAKER_L: West Coast? Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Um I'm not really sure what,
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: how women
SPEAKER_R: supposed
SPEAKER_L: together.
SPEAKER_R: to be talking about, Yeah, I thought
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: it said something about questions. Uh huh. No, I didn't see any. Um
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I work in with nonprofits, what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a medical researcher.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh, that's interesting,
SPEAKER_L: Mm. So what area of um
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: what you and I think you're kind of profit um Kind
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: of charitable cause
SPEAKER_R: like for art and dance um
SPEAKER_L: fucking
SPEAKER_R: for kids, Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: used to live in Australia and there was always a lot of commotion about how there's not enough funding for the arts I think
SPEAKER_R: Same here
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: in the
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: States.
SPEAKER_L: appreciation or that kind of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: long were you in Australia?
SPEAKER_L: I grew up in Australia. I'm relatively us actually,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So how long have you been to the, in the U. S.
SPEAKER_L: but you know.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So pretty very recently actually, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: Is your family still in Australia?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Everyone back in Australia. I just moved over here for a job. Mhm. Yeah. Um So how long have you been in the U. S.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I was born here, so yeah, my whole life, mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Um How long are you? Haven't you been on your current organization?
SPEAKER_R: Not too long either about, I only started in january, so it's only been like about five months. And of course it was interrupted by the whole covid crisis. So are you stable still able to work remotely?
SPEAKER_L: because I do um biomedical research. Some of my aspect is essential for the union. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I've been doing remote some remote stuff but it's hard to do a lot of this stuff I would do um Normally so there's just less work ST
SPEAKER_L: Uh what's the bu based in,
SPEAKER_R: Atlanta. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in California. Northern
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: California. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have a friend who works in um at the shell um power grid for the shell um whatever the shell facility and near san Francisco and his work is also essential. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. The healthy covid situation where you are now.
SPEAKER_R: Um It's okay I mean um thankfully none of my family has gotten sick so that's good. We started um social distancing early just in our family but um I mean you might have heard Georgia is opening up starting to was one of the first states to start opening things up again so but we're not rushing to get out so. Yeah how
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: about you?
SPEAKER_L: Um California is on the opposite end where we were very early with the shelter in place and I think our governor has been very has been very um cautious, proceed with opening, you know, things like that. But
SPEAKER_R: That's good
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: though.
SPEAKER_L: hospital and we haven't really been inundated with cases because
SPEAKER_R: you work in the hospital? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think at any one time in my hospital particular we've been had like 10 cases max
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's good.
SPEAKER_L: mm so nothing like new york. Um I brought some friends who work at the presbyterian Hospital in new york and it's apparently chaos.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. Yeah I'm sure it is. I think people here aren't or most people are trying even if they are sick they're trying to not go to the hospital so so you usually end up getting the really critical cases I've heard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And the thing is even if you go to hospital, they're very hesitant to actually test you. But I know someone who ended up having COVID-19 and He went in and they tested him for like 5:16 before they even resorted to COVID testing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they're right, they're looking for other things. Like are you testing negative for the other flu and stuff? I heard that too.
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully things get better soon. Um So did you study in the university?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Um I studied anthropology and then I went back for public policy. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Where did
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you study?
SPEAKER_R: Uh in Houston? An undergrad at least. Yeah and then in Georgia player, a technical uh Georgia tech. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Is texas and Georgia are very different.
SPEAKER_R: Um yeah it's at least Houston and where I'm from are pretty different because there's actually where I went to undergrad, it's it's basically right downtown and they have um, they have good like public transportation and the university was actually in the medical center, so that was kind of interesting. It was like in the part of the city that um a lot of the hospitals were in. Um and there's the weather is pretty different as well. So I mean what have you liked or what have you noticed that you miss or is different from Australia since you've been here a year?
SPEAKER_L: one of the things you mentioned actually public transport
SPEAKER_R: Hey?
SPEAKER_L: uh public transport in California is absolutely terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. That's supposed to be one of the better ones in the country. We just don't value public transport in the United States as much as other countries do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I found out being a very severe lacking aspect, very hard to get around uh like once I got here I think in the first month or so, I was like I need a car, I just can't live without a car within back in Australia, it was very easy to get around with public transport. I say for example if a trip will take you 30 minutes by car, it took public transport, it might be like 40, minutes. Yeah. A trip that would take 20 minutes by car. Take it like two hours
SPEAKER_R: yes. Are you um is there other the buses where you are using um like a tram rails and stuff? Is there in your bark?
SPEAKER_L: as many buses. And there's like And the other thing is this train the trains are really bad and it's run by like four or 5 different companies. So like when you go on one you buy a ticket for that one and you can't use the other system. The one thing that like back where are from with one unified system so we just one ticket and then you use the entire network.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that makes more sense. It was it's kind of like that in um I think in a in a few cities in the United States I think D. C. Has a pretty good Um you know 11 card gets you everywhere using the trains and the underground system so. Mhm mm.
SPEAKER_L: Unfortunately I haven't had much chance of trouble here. Was having to use some troubling. But then covid 19 everything telling him. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: there's a lot of good trips I think, I mean there's a lot of good uh if you like spending time in nature, probably a lot of places you could visit in California but now that everyone's on lockdown, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Any any word from your workplace when you would be able to return to normalcy?
SPEAKER_R: No not really. It minds like a it's like a small organization so it's even um it's a lot of families come in so they're being cautious okay.
SPEAKER_L: there have been you decide to go into that area of non profit. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I mean kind of accidentally actually because I was more interested in uh natural resources and like natural resources policy and but this organization is one that popped up that was really close to where I live and I knew some of the people who um like go to who our clients there. So how did you end up in your field?
SPEAKER_L: Um So I went to a university in Australia and initially I was going to do medicine, so I went to the university because I got into undergrad and I got a guaranteed place in medicine afterwards. But in my 30 I had a lecture from a fantastic
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: professor
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: who
SPEAKER_R: take me to.
SPEAKER_L: studied, studied muscle stem cell biology and just after the election, I was so fascinated by the hypnotic and he was just such a a charming, he spoke with a lot of passion
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: about his area. So I had a chat to him afterwards and he said, oh so this work in my the first master of my last year and he was like you if you're interested come come to my lab and the second semester give research trial. So I did and I loved it. Um I guess so. Also because like growing up in an asian household, is that pressure to go do medicine? And is that ideas like you should do medicine, cure cancer, cure HIV, whatever else. And like, I think I realized along the way that doctors or physicians aren't, wants to actually find cures for diseases. It, if that's the real reason I wanted to go into that area, then I research and find that for research. That's really the answer. So when I made that realization, it became pretty clear path um from the pursuit of PhD and then at the end of my PhD year, I was offered a position here at stanford and it's hard to say no to.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Can I just say no to that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh, and here I am, I'm doing what's called a postdoctoral fellowship. Some people training for four years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And how far are you into that?
SPEAKER_L: Our first to, well towards the end of it, three more years. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty cool. Uh in my um the underground I went to there were a lot of people who were you know interested in uh the medical fields. So I have a couple of friends also who are one of them just got his PhD and is now doing he's doing research too but he's still in Houston. Um I think he was he was studying uh uh because
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: he's he likes like sports stuff so he was studying C. T. E. S. Um Or like the traumatic brain injuries. Oh um and now works in Houston. Another one of my friends actually did go on to become a doctor but she's in um she's in Alabama Birmingham. So and it's interesting there because they only have that basically they only have that one hospital system. So um I think they're pretty busy with everything that's going on. Um But yeah so do you do do you still do stem cell research? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Um So I specifically look at muscle stem cells. Um I don't know if you know this condition but I looked at one called Duchenne muscular dystrophy, but it's a disease that only um predominant only affects boys and it causes wasting of the muscles, a fatal disease. So patients normally has to come to the disease when between mid twenties thirties. So I'm looking at a way to um it's caused by a defect in one specific gene. I'm looking at a way in which we can take the muscle stem cells from the patient themselves, fix that gene and then put it back into the patient hoping that themselves then eventually replaced the at least enough of the muscle that it becomes functional.
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty cool. Yeah I do like uh it's really medical research and biomedical research is really cool but I was never really a fan of chemistry so I never did it myself. But yeah, talk to it with, I talk about it with my friends sometimes, so. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just wish like both the us and as well as the Australia would provide more funding biomedical research.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's not like the Flash, the flashy type of thing that people usually like to that really takes most of the funding because it doesn't like produce the huge results that I was like, oh look what we did. You know, his research is that slower and a lot of trial and error. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But with the uh circumstances around covid 19 I hope people have more of an appreciation of how important science is to be well being of both the economy as well as to individual people.
SPEAKER_R: You could only help. Yeah, we could only hope that it does. But I don't really, I don't know, we'll find out, especially if this is supposed to last until I think now they're saying 20, or something, at least some effects of it and probably longer than that as well. So.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. It's kind of been an interesting year. It's been so much chaos. So we started the year with the Iran stuff and then something close to my heart. Bushfires in Syria. That that was crazy. And then now with COVID-19 situation so it's like one after after another.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Because yeah, I was just looking at someone who was saying, oh I thought, you know, everyone thought that the brush fires was going to be the, you know the story of the year and then Covid happens. So it's just a huge disaster, unexpected disasters to multiple in a row this year, so I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. I know some people in Australia who were like heavily affected by bushfires And in a way they, they are a bit upset because like there was a lot of attention on it and like directed efforts to help people overcome that situation because of it's been kind of overshadowed by the COVID-19 situation. A lot of these swept under the rug. So now the politicians are really thinking about how to help people um, would come with fires anymore. And then the question is only worse because like if you were like just kind of recover from losing their homes, losing the business and then the COVID-19 situation makes it that much harder to recover.
SPEAKER_R: if it's compounded, that's yeah, that's terrible.
SPEAKER_L: So tell me a bit more about your organization that you work for? Like what kind of area of arts?
SPEAKER_R: Um they do like we do uh theater mostly. So it was basically because it was such a small place, there were a bunch of lessons like you could take and we also worked a lot with home school kids, so kids would come in to take guitar lessons or drum lessons or art classes like visual art and then there are also a bunch of dance classes like um ballet and tap. And also some there were some broadway shows that um that we would put on. And there were also some adult class like those um fitness dance classes for adults as well. But you know the the Children's classes make more money than the adults classes so there's more variety of those. Um But yeah I was I would I just started there like I said so it was kind of interesting. It was it was fun to see all the kids come in um You know and learn learn some new art art programs up until we stopped we stopped coming in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what kind of age group that is mainly working with?
SPEAKER_R: Well we have um there was there was even we have teenagers so all the way up to high school and then there was also like a couple classes for babies like three and four year olds. That was my favorite
SPEAKER_L: Oh, a lot of very early.
SPEAKER_R: there we call it um what is it called? I think they call it creative movement classes, and but we call it baby ballet, they like come in their little leotards and kind of just bounce around, so that was cute. But yeah, so basically Like three year olds to 18 year olds I guess, and then adults can keep coming.
SPEAKER_L: So how do you get the little ones to focus and like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: game,
SPEAKER_R: have no idea, thankfully, I didn't have to do that part, but like I think
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: from talking to the instructor who did like sometimes the baby's just don't don't feel like listening one day, so you're just like try to get them to do something, and a lot of the times you see them or they try to like run out to their parents and the parents have to like go back and go back in, so it's just I guess it's just you have more flexible with them, let them run around more.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I can appreciate that because I'm involved in a program here cause scientist Elementary and what we do is we go to a primary school once a month. So
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: we've run experiments for um From Grade one through to six. And I find it really hard to keep the little ones engaged and like listen, like we would teach them a lesson of magnets and we were handing out magnificent. They can play with all of them will be like magnets. I I don't, you never gave me any magnets.
SPEAKER_R: Who do you leave with? Less um Less magazine came in with sometimes?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We, we have a lot to make sure that we don't just lose them all.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. So you do have school outreach or you were doing it? Yeah, that's really fun. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So we're trying to, I guess get the kids interested in science as early as possible and I guess often that along the way and hopefully we had a new generation of scientists from these guys. I'm
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: finding
SPEAKER_R: good. That's how you get it done.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of fun. So you don't, you don't run any class with yourself.
SPEAKER_R: No, I don't, I usually I do the like the office management type thing, so I see everybody agree everyone as they come in the door and stuff like that. So I see everyone and then I peek my head in and watch people, but I don't actually teach any of the classes. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So is it run like five days a week?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's one I think we're open on weekends too, so yeah, most days I think just not Sundays and we're not open the whole day most of the days, but it's just whenever there are like most of the classes are like Maybe from 10 to tend to like noon, Then there's like a lunch break and they come back for classes in the, there's some more classes in the evening, so yeah, after, so you give people time to have dinner, have lunch to have dinner and go home and stuff, so Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: What kind of shows have you run? You mentioned like you would run some broadway shows?
SPEAKER_R: Um let's see this year. Well, they were supposed to be doing uh anne for kids, honk the musical, which I don't think I've actually, I don't think I actually know what that was about. I think it's kind of an ugly duckling story. And then um what was the other 1? The, the teenagers were doing something
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: called You're in town, which I also haven't seen, so, but it would have been interesting. I looked at the script, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm a bit of a broadway pass. I love um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: saw
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: wicked and then I just fell in love with it and then uh fast
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: they offered
SPEAKER_R: his name for me. I saw Wicked is the first, probably the first Broadway one that I saw as well.
SPEAKER_L: it's a, it's a good point to see if your first one is very engaging. It's got that little bit of also it's kind of reminiscent and
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: again,
SPEAKER_R: you kind of know and then it like does twists and turns on you. Yeah, I love that one and I still listen to my like broadway soundtracks, playlists and stuff but and I was supposed to see Hamilton this month but of course that got postponed. So
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if you heard but they kind of go a um completely
SPEAKER_R: I saw, yes, they were supposed to be next year but they were releasing it early, that's good luck at least.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I'm very excited for that
SPEAKER_R: Have you seen it? Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: technically yes
SPEAKER_R: technically.
SPEAKER_L: well one of my friends got a bootleg copy of it taking
SPEAKER_R: I see. Yeah, yeah, I see what you mean, technically, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but there's something different about seeing a
SPEAKER_R: In person
SPEAKER_L: the first and then just atmosphere but I don't think you can really be counted it yet but I think I'm dying to see, I'm hoping to get to new york to see as fans of the opera.
SPEAKER_R: Ooh, that's probably a really good one, I haven't seen that one,
SPEAKER_L: I've seen the
SPEAKER_R: I've only seen the movie.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not the movie
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: doesn't count Gerard Butler absolutely which is that role I can't wait to make a trip to new york and actually see um see your light and person. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: there's so many that I want to see in person. Did you see the Sound HeIM concert that was like two weeks ago or something? It was a tribute to Sound Time.
SPEAKER_L: No I haven't.
SPEAKER_R: It's like a live stream. Let's see. I think it's, it should still be available on Youtube. Just look up um celebration of Sound Time and it's like a bunch of broadway stars
SPEAKER_L: music,
SPEAKER_R: doing like just singing from their house is kind of, it was
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I put it on in the background while I was doing other work and like would look up for you know favorite people but it was all, all of them are good of course because they're professionals but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of a lot of the people are trying to engage in different ways now that the actual theaters can be open the photograph for. Andrew Lloyd Webber has a Youtube channel now called the Show Must Go On and each week they do a Lloyd Weber's musical so they've done like phantom um Love Never Died, jesus christ superstar so that that's another one to keep an eye out for.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Yeah, good tip. This has been productive. We exchanged theater here. Thanks to look up on the internet.
SPEAKER_L: one of the big reasons why I came to America, it's too good to like engage in some of these theaters. Uh
SPEAKER_R: really?
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: That's okay, that's good.
SPEAKER_L: the theater culture in Australia is not that great. Like we would have like 11 Broadway musical musical like every couple months. Well there's always musical is going on around here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And even you know and set up in different cities, even if it's not broadway broadway, you still get like, you know, local people or the touring group coming to different cities. Would you move to new york for the broadway?
SPEAKER_L: no one of them's I hate the cold. One of the better things like California is the weather.
SPEAKER_R: that is, that's true. Yeah, we get were mostly warm here in Georgia, but we sometimes get the occasional like low snow, but I could never do where it snows like multiple months in a row and you're snowed in and you just have to keep going to work. I don't think I could do that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so when I was considering job was often either job here, but I also had a job offer in Canada. The first thing I did was I look at the weather and they're like it's like Cold like 10, 9 10 months of the year, I'm like no. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's important. You have to, it's like a completely different mindset of lifestyle where you have to get used to, you know, going to work while it's snowing on the ground. You have to like have snow tires and know how to get your, your car out of the snow or whatever. I don't know, It's a whole different, I feel like they have a whole different brain almost to deal with snow that much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They give me long wrong, I love the idea of snow, but I think I get over it in like a day, I'll be like it would be nice and then I'll be like okay I'm ready for the sun again.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly. It's nice to nice to like visit places and then like I'll leave.
SPEAKER_L: No, it doesn't snow that.
SPEAKER_R: I mean not really we mostly we get like if it doesn't know sometimes it doesn't like stick on the grounds or it's like only a couple inches were more likely to get ice storms, which is the not fun version of cold weather. It just weighs down the trees and then they, you know, might fall on your house. So I do think yeah northern California and you know um Washington. I've only I've been to northern California and Washington. Both of those I think have really lovely weather um and no storms which is I'm jealous of. So I might consider I was thinking about if I moved anywhere in the country it might be the pacific Northwest just because they have nice weather and no storms. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Everyone. Yeah. Okay. I think we're good on time. But remind me of the thing then you um, it was Andrew Lloyd Webber called
SPEAKER_L: Uh Could the show must go on?
SPEAKER_R: the show. Must Go on. Ok. Yeah. I'm going
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: look that
SPEAKER_L: you check
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: And yours is the Sound Time. A celebration of Sound time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: actually look that up. Okay, so it was nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Likewise
SPEAKER_R: Take care.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: Bye.