Hi.
Not too bad. Oh.
no. Dinner time White. Yeah.
Okay. We're about are you
West Coast? Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Um I'm not really sure what,
how women
together.
What?
Um
Yeah,
I'm a medical researcher.
Mm. So what area of um
what you and I think you're kind of profit um Kind
of charitable cause
fucking
Yeah. I
used to live in Australia and there was always a lot of commotion about how there's not enough funding for the arts I think
about
my
appreciation or that kind of stuff.
And
I grew up in Australia. I'm relatively us actually,
but you know.
Well,
Mhm. Yeah. Everyone back in Australia. I just moved over here for a job. Mhm. Yeah. Um So how long have you been in the U. S.
Um How long are you? Haven't you been on your current organization?
because I do um biomedical research. Some of my aspect is essential for the union. Yeah. Mhm.
How about yourself?
Uh what's the bu based in,
I'm in California. Northern
California. Yeah.
Mhm. The healthy covid situation where you are now.
Yeah.
Um California is on the opposite end where we were very early with the shelter in place and I think our governor has been very has been very um cautious, proceed with opening, you know, things like that. But
actually
hospital and we haven't really been inundated with cases because
yeah, I think at any one time in my hospital particular we've been had like 10 cases max
mm so nothing like new york. Um I brought some friends who work at the presbyterian Hospital in new york and it's apparently chaos.
Yeah. And the thing is even if you go to hospital, they're very hesitant to actually test you. But I know someone who ended up having COVID-19 and He went in and they tested him for like 5:16 before they even resorted to COVID testing. Yeah.
Hopefully things get better soon. Um So did you study in the university?
Where did
you study?
Is texas and Georgia are very different.
one of the things you mentioned actually public transport
uh public transport in California is absolutely terrible.
I found out being a very severe lacking aspect, very hard to get around uh like once I got here I think in the first month or so, I was like I need a car, I just can't live without a car within back in Australia, it was very easy to get around with public transport. I say for example if a trip will take you 30 minutes by car, it took public transport, it might be like 40, minutes. Yeah. A trip that would take 20 minutes by car. Take it like two hours
as many buses. And there's like And the other thing is this train the trains are really bad and it's run by like four or 5 different companies. So like when you go on one you buy a ticket for that one and you can't use the other system. The one thing that like back where are from with one unified system so we just one ticket and then you use the entire network.
Unfortunately I haven't had much chance of trouble here. Was having to use some troubling. But then covid 19 everything telling him. Yes.
Mhm. Any any word from your workplace when you would be able to return to normalcy?
there have been you decide to go into that area of non profit. Okay.
Um So I went to a university in Australia and initially I was going to do medicine, so I went to the university because I got into undergrad and I got a guaranteed place in medicine afterwards. But in my 30 I had a lecture from a fantastic
professor
who
studied, studied muscle stem cell biology and just after the election, I was so fascinated by the hypnotic and he was just such a a charming, he spoke with a lot of passion
about his area. So I had a chat to him afterwards and he said, oh so this work in my the first master of my last year and he was like you if you're interested come come to my lab and the second semester give research trial. So I did and I loved it. Um I guess so. Also because like growing up in an asian household, is that pressure to go do medicine? And is that ideas like you should do medicine, cure cancer, cure HIV, whatever else. And like, I think I realized along the way that doctors or physicians aren't, wants to actually find cures for diseases. It, if that's the real reason I wanted to go into that area, then I research and find that for research. That's really the answer. So when I made that realization, it became pretty clear path um from the pursuit of PhD and then at the end of my PhD year, I was offered a position here at stanford and it's hard to say no to.
Uh, and here I am, I'm doing what's called a postdoctoral fellowship. Some people training for four years. Yeah.
Our first to, well towards the end of it, three more years. Yeah,
Yeah.
Um So I specifically look at muscle stem cells. Um I don't know if you know this condition but I looked at one called Duchenne muscular dystrophy, but it's a disease that only um predominant only affects boys and it causes wasting of the muscles, a fatal disease. So patients normally has to come to the disease when between mid twenties thirties. So I'm looking at a way to um it's caused by a defect in one specific gene. I'm looking at a way in which we can take the muscle stem cells from the patient themselves, fix that gene and then put it back into the patient hoping that themselves then eventually replaced the at least enough of the muscle that it becomes functional.
Yeah. I just wish like both the us and as well as the Australia would provide more funding biomedical research.
Yeah. But with the uh circumstances around covid 19 I hope people have more of an appreciation of how important science is to be well being of both the economy as well as to individual people.
Okay. Yeah. It's kind of been an interesting year. It's been so much chaos. So we started the year with the Iran stuff and then something close to my heart. Bushfires in Syria. That that was crazy. And then now with COVID-19 situation so it's like one after after another.
Yes. I know some people in Australia who were like heavily affected by bushfires And in a way they, they are a bit upset because like there was a lot of attention on it and like directed efforts to help people overcome that situation because of it's been kind of overshadowed by the COVID-19 situation. A lot of these swept under the rug. So now the politicians are really thinking about how to help people um, would come with fires anymore. And then the question is only worse because like if you were like just kind of recover from losing their homes, losing the business and then the COVID-19 situation makes it that much harder to recover.
So tell me a bit more about your organization that you work for? Like what kind of area of arts?
Yeah. So what kind of age group that is mainly working with?
Oh, a lot of very early.
So how do you get the little ones to focus and like
game,
but
Yes, I can appreciate that because I'm involved in a program here cause scientist Elementary and what we do is we go to a primary school once a month. So
we've run experiments for um From Grade one through to six. And I find it really hard to keep the little ones engaged and like listen, like we would teach them a lesson of magnets and we were handing out magnificent. They can play with all of them will be like magnets. I I don't, you never gave me any magnets.
Yeah. We, we have a lot to make sure that we don't just lose them all.
Yeah. So we're trying to, I guess get the kids interested in science as early as possible and I guess often that along the way and hopefully we had a new generation of scientists from these guys. I'm
finding
a lot of fun. So you don't, you don't run any class with yourself.
So is it run like five days a week?
What kind of shows have you run? You mentioned like you would run some broadway shows?
What?
I'm a bit of a broadway pass. I love um
I
saw
wicked and then I just fell in love with it and then uh fast
they offered
it's a, it's a good point to see if your first one is very engaging. It's got that little bit of also it's kind of reminiscent and
again,
I don't know if you heard but they kind of go a um completely
yeah I'm very excited for that
technically yes
well one of my friends got a bootleg copy of it taking
but there's something different about seeing a
the first and then just atmosphere but I don't think you can really be counted it yet but I think I'm dying to see, I'm hoping to get to new york to see as fans of the opera.
I've seen the
I'm not the movie
doesn't count Gerard Butler absolutely which is that role I can't wait to make a trip to new york and actually see um see your light and person. Yeah
yeah
No I haven't.
music,
all
that
Yeah
a lot of a lot of the people are trying to engage in different ways now that the actual theaters can be open the photograph for. Andrew Lloyd Webber has a Youtube channel now called the Show Must Go On and each week they do a Lloyd Weber's musical so they've done like phantom um Love Never Died, jesus christ superstar so that that's another one to keep an eye out for.
one of the big reasons why I came to America, it's too good to like engage in some of these theaters. Uh
huh
the theater culture in Australia is not that great. Like we would have like 11 Broadway musical musical like every couple months. Well there's always musical is going on around here. Yeah.
no one of them's I hate the cold. One of the better things like California is the weather.
Yeah, so when I was considering job was often either job here, but I also had a job offer in Canada. The first thing I did was I look at the weather and they're like it's like Cold like 10, 9 10 months of the year, I'm like no. Mhm.
Yeah. They give me long wrong, I love the idea of snow, but I think I get over it in like a day, I'll be like it would be nice and then I'll be like okay I'm ready for the sun again.
No, it doesn't snow that.
Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
Uh Could the show must go on?
I
think
you check
you.
actually look that up. Okay, so it was nice to meet you.
Likewise
you