Yeah. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Hello.
Good, how are you?
Is it nighttime where you are? Mhm.
It's around 9:45 where I am?
Um in the east coast of the United States Georgia.
we're
supposed
to be talking about, Yeah, I thought
it said something about questions. Uh huh. No, I didn't see any. Um
yeah, so
I work in with nonprofits, what do you do?
Mhm. Oh, that's interesting,
like.
It's
like for art and dance um
for kids, Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah.
Same here
in the
States.
How
long were you in Australia?
Yeah. So how long have you been to the, in the U. S.
Okay. So pretty very recently actually, yeah.
Is your family still in Australia?
Oh, I was born here, so yeah, my whole life, mm hmm.
Not too long either about, I only started in january, so it's only been like about five months. And of course it was interrupted by the whole covid crisis. So are you stable still able to work remotely?
Uh
I've been doing remote some remote stuff but it's hard to do a lot of this stuff I would do um Normally so there's just less work ST
Atlanta. How about you?
And
I have a friend who works in um at the shell um power grid for the shell um whatever the shell facility and near san Francisco and his work is also essential. Yeah. Yeah.
Um It's okay I mean um thankfully none of my family has gotten sick so that's good. We started um social distancing early just in our family but um I mean you might have heard Georgia is opening up starting to was one of the first states to start opening things up again so but we're not rushing to get out so. Yeah how
about you?
That's good
though.
you work in the hospital? Okay,
Okay, that's good.
Oh wow. Yeah I'm sure it is. I think people here aren't or most people are trying even if they are sick they're trying to not go to the hospital so so you usually end up getting the really critical cases I've heard.
they're right, they're looking for other things. Like are you testing negative for the other flu and stuff? I heard that too.
Yes. Um I studied anthropology and then I went back for public policy. Yes.
What?
Uh in Houston? An undergrad at least. Yeah and then in Georgia player, a technical uh Georgia tech. Yeah.
Um yeah it's at least Houston and where I'm from are pretty different because there's actually where I went to undergrad, it's it's basically right downtown and they have um, they have good like public transportation and the university was actually in the medical center, so that was kind of interesting. It was like in the part of the city that um a lot of the hospitals were in. Um and there's the weather is pretty different as well. So I mean what have you liked or what have you noticed that you miss or is different from Australia since you've been here a year?
Hey?
Uh huh. That's supposed to be one of the better ones in the country. We just don't value public transport in the United States as much as other countries do. Yeah.
yes. Are you um is there other the buses where you are using um like a tram rails and stuff? Is there in your bark?
Yeah that makes more sense. It was it's kind of like that in um I think in a in a few cities in the United States I think D. C. Has a pretty good Um you know 11 card gets you everywhere using the trains and the underground system so. Mhm mm.
there's a lot of good trips I think, I mean there's a lot of good uh if you like spending time in nature, probably a lot of places you could visit in California but now that everyone's on lockdown, I don't know.
No not really. It minds like a it's like a small organization so it's even um it's a lot of families come in so they're being cautious okay.
I mean kind of accidentally actually because I was more interested in uh natural resources and like natural resources policy and but this organization is one that popped up that was really close to where I live and I knew some of the people who um like go to who our clients there. So how did you end up in your field?
so
on
take me to.
The
Yes. Can I just say no to that? Yeah.
And how far are you into that?
that's pretty cool. Uh in my um the underground I went to there were a lot of people who were you know interested in uh the medical fields. So I have a couple of friends also who are one of them just got his PhD and is now doing he's doing research too but he's still in Houston. Um I think he was he was studying uh uh because
he's he likes like sports stuff so he was studying C. T. E. S. Um Or like the traumatic brain injuries. Oh um and now works in Houston. Another one of my friends actually did go on to become a doctor but she's in um she's in Alabama Birmingham. So and it's interesting there because they only have that basically they only have that one hospital system. So um I think they're pretty busy with everything that's going on. Um But yeah so do you do do you still do stem cell research? Mhm.
that's pretty cool. Yeah I do like uh it's really medical research and biomedical research is really cool but I was never really a fan of chemistry so I never did it myself. But yeah, talk to it with, I talk about it with my friends sometimes, so. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. It's not like the Flash, the flashy type of thing that people usually like to that really takes most of the funding because it doesn't like produce the huge results that I was like, oh look what we did. You know, his research is that slower and a lot of trial and error. So yeah.
You could only help. Yeah, we could only hope that it does. But I don't really, I don't know, we'll find out, especially if this is supposed to last until I think now they're saying 20, or something, at least some effects of it and probably longer than that as well. So.
exactly. Because yeah, I was just looking at someone who was saying, oh I thought, you know, everyone thought that the brush fires was going to be the, you know the story of the year and then Covid happens. So it's just a huge disaster, unexpected disasters to multiple in a row this year, so I don't know.
if it's compounded, that's yeah, that's terrible.
Um they do like we do uh theater mostly. So it was basically because it was such a small place, there were a bunch of lessons like you could take and we also worked a lot with home school kids, so kids would come in to take guitar lessons or drum lessons or art classes like visual art and then there are also a bunch of dance classes like um ballet and tap. And also some there were some broadway shows that um that we would put on. And there were also some adult class like those um fitness dance classes for adults as well. But you know the the Children's classes make more money than the adults classes so there's more variety of those. Um But yeah I was I would I just started there like I said so it was kind of interesting. It was it was fun to see all the kids come in um You know and learn learn some new art art programs up until we stopped we stopped coming in.
Well we have um there was there was even we have teenagers so all the way up to high school and then there was also like a couple classes for babies like three and four year olds. That was my favorite
there we call it um what is it called? I think they call it creative movement classes, and but we call it baby ballet, they like come in their little leotards and kind of just bounce around, so that was cute. But yeah, so basically Like three year olds to 18 year olds I guess, and then adults can keep coming.
I
have no idea, thankfully, I didn't have to do that part, but like I think
from talking to the instructor who did like sometimes the baby's just don't don't feel like listening one day, so you're just like try to get them to do something, and a lot of the times you see them or they try to like run out to their parents and the parents have to like go back and go back in, so it's just I guess it's just you have more flexible with them, let them run around more.
Good.
Who do you leave with? Less um Less magazine came in with sometimes?
That's cool. So you do have school outreach or you were doing it? Yeah, that's really fun. Mhm.
that's
good. That's how you get it done.
No, I don't, I usually I do the like the office management type thing, so I see everybody agree everyone as they come in the door and stuff like that. So I see everyone and then I peek my head in and watch people, but I don't actually teach any of the classes. So. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it's one I think we're open on weekends too, so yeah, most days I think just not Sundays and we're not open the whole day most of the days, but it's just whenever there are like most of the classes are like Maybe from 10 to tend to like noon, Then there's like a lunch break and they come back for classes in the, there's some more classes in the evening, so yeah, after, so you give people time to have dinner, have lunch to have dinner and go home and stuff, so Uh huh.
Um let's see this year. Well, they were supposed to be doing uh anne for kids, honk the musical, which I don't think I've actually, I don't think I actually know what that was about. I think it's kind of an ugly duckling story. And then um what was the other 1? The, the teenagers were doing something
called You're in town, which I also haven't seen, so, but it would have been interesting. I looked at the script, so. Yeah.
Yeah,
me
too.
that's
his name for me. I saw Wicked is the first, probably the first Broadway one that I saw as well.
so
you kind of know and then it like does twists and turns on you. Yeah, I love that one and I still listen to my like broadway soundtracks, playlists and stuff but and I was supposed to see Hamilton this month but of course that got postponed. So
I saw, yes, they were supposed to be next year but they were releasing it early, that's good luck at least.
Have you seen it? Mhm,
technically.
I see. Yeah, yeah, I see what you mean, technically, yeah.
In person
Ooh, that's probably a really good one, I haven't seen that one,
I've only seen the movie.
I
wow,
there's so many that I want to see in person. Did you see the Sound HeIM concert that was like two weeks ago or something? It was a tribute to Sound Time.
It's like a live stream. Let's see. I think it's, it should still be available on Youtube. Just look up um celebration of Sound Time and it's like a bunch of broadway stars
doing like just singing from their house is kind of, it was
fun.
I put it on in the background while I was doing other work and like would look up for you know favorite people but it was all, all of them are good of course because they're professionals but yeah.
Uh huh.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah, good tip. This has been productive. We exchanged theater here. Thanks to look up on the internet.
really?
That's okay, that's good.
And even you know and set up in different cities, even if it's not broadway broadway, you still get like, you know, local people or the touring group coming to different cities. Would you move to new york for the broadway?
that is, that's true. Yeah, we get were mostly warm here in Georgia, but we sometimes get the occasional like low snow, but I could never do where it snows like multiple months in a row and you're snowed in and you just have to keep going to work. I don't think I could do that.
it's important. You have to, it's like a completely different mindset of lifestyle where you have to get used to, you know, going to work while it's snowing on the ground. You have to like have snow tires and know how to get your, your car out of the snow or whatever. I don't know, It's a whole different, I feel like they have a whole different brain almost to deal with snow that much.
Yeah exactly. It's nice to nice to like visit places and then like I'll leave.
I mean not really we mostly we get like if it doesn't know sometimes it doesn't like stick on the grounds or it's like only a couple inches were more likely to get ice storms, which is the not fun version of cold weather. It just weighs down the trees and then they, you know, might fall on your house. So I do think yeah northern California and you know um Washington. I've only I've been to northern California and Washington. Both of those I think have really lovely weather um and no storms which is I'm jealous of. So I might consider I was thinking about if I moved anywhere in the country it might be the pacific Northwest just because they have nice weather and no storms. Yeah. Okay.
Everyone. Yeah. Okay. I think we're good on time. But remind me of the thing then you um, it was Andrew Lloyd Webber called
the show. Must Go on. Ok. Yeah. I'm going
to
look that
up.
And yours is the Sound Time. A celebration of Sound time. Yeah.
Nice talking to you.
Take care.
Bye.