the thing is celebrating forming the cookie cookie cookie and that other cities a record because the availability just attach it to the car then that means that it won't guarantee because okay maybe cooking regarding maybe some they are easy remembering and restarting the whole point and whereas a different part is the feeling of the difficult so in which we do not gain if you can just validate with the kids. Yeah it's a full year. Uh huh. Yeah we were like should we also checked with them and they just started working. Uh what uh what is reporting or what we calculated good looking Like for example if they have revolution location five just give
one Then the Operation six year to 36 again then it is possible
this problem will be wrong. It should be manipulated and then the executive to Maxwell it Hi you hear me?
about that. It's just my last meeting was running late. Yeah. Are you going?
I'm good. Yeah what's going on?
Hi Matthew on charlotte. Nice to meet you.
Where
are you?
You come back from work? I see I'm well sort of still at work but just taking
Yes. Yes. Well you know they encourage us to take care of our mental health while we're all are you all like working at home as well? Do
physically
go to
it?
Oh I see. Well
I
guess
I have a lot to talk about then. That's a lot more interesting. And uh all that stuff going on. My standard old desk job
I work in I. T. So yeah I work for an I. T. Company and we we you know sell computers
and start
all right see and then you decided to go and be a schoolteacher.
Yeah but you know it's uh it's a very worthwhile job so how
hats off to you. So what's, so do you mind talking about it? What do you want to decompress about
that
on?
What?
and
said,
So are you physically in a classroom or your students, they're
like hospital working out.
What
state,
what can you localize it to a state just for my own
interest florida. Okay. Alright. That sets the context. Okay.
Well, yeah.
Your opening and you expect that all the kids are going to show up, or are they some of them have the option to stay home, or?
huh.
So does that mean that you might be sitting in a classroom and you're talking to some of the students, like in the classroom, but then you also have your camera and you'll be double kids coming in.
And
then there'll
be other times when you'll be just talking entirely remotely to everybody,
yeah. That's got to be super challenging. I mean in my work and probably in google right? You did a lot of web conferences and you know about the challenges between people in person as opposed to doing even like a one on one call like this. But when you're just talking to people you know out there in the ether, I mean I guess you know these are all kids that you know that you've worked with. So you've got some relationship
with them
already.
Oh right. So heck.
New kids, new curriculum, new subject. Yeah.
You ever think
and then
I'll say I'll say and this is a p so these people elevated and concerned about their college and all of that. So wow. Well I guess all
I can
say
is best of luck. I mean I hope that you're school board and you know whoever. I mean I'm from point tell from my accent and from the U. S. I didn't go through the school system here but uh you know I I hope that you have the support that you need. Um
I'm in California. So yeah I mean I live very close to one of the many google campuses. I don't work for google but yeah I mean I mean the Silicon Valley area, like my husband works for Ebay. So yeah
for
quite. Yeah but it's funny they're actually a lot of now that google and if you keep in touch with your ex colleagues but they've now said that they will support working from home till july next year and a lot of the companies have fallen through, like my company just said the same thing, it's like to help people plan like year long school programs or leases and anyway, the upside of that is that apparently a lot of employees of companies like google and whatnot are now saying, well, hey, maybe we don't lead to live in the whole san Francisco ridiculous real estate and you know, stupid bubble and so they're looking to move to other places like Lake Tahoe and maybe florida. Uh you know, and then there's like, what are you gonna do about their salaries? And so it's a interesting
All
And he's well,
Well, you know, I think a lot of companies are literally running this by that they see the pants when we were told that uh north Carolina office was going to reopen after the july 4th break and I think that was still technically the plan and they had all these, you know, stuff what was going to happen with testing and you know, all this, we were given all these calls about it and then cut to the point they didn't open. All right. I mean, north
Carolina
had a bit
of a resurgence and I don't think anyone was going to take the risk. Yeah, It's uh, you know, but all we can hope is that we all stay safe, right? And and that we get through this as best we can. Yeah.
So.
Yeah. Well, it's a big old giant experiment. I mean, I I read this actually very sad article that was in the Washington post about uh, he was somewhere in Arizona, like in a very small school teacher at a very small, um, probably close to the Arizona board. And he was saying, look, he, you know, they're already doing a lot of social support for the kids, right? I mean, we know all about how the classrooms are not properly stopped and you know, teachers by their own pens and now, you know, he knows and you know, they provide food and and they've been told in Arizona they told you will go back to full in person teaching or we will cut your funding and it's like we're a very small school and you know, we don't have anything to cut. And you know,
he's really super concerned about the health and welfare and and you know, and of course still recognizing that of course the kids want to be back in class, right. It's it's, we're all going nuts just doing zones and all this stuff. So it's
not an ideal situation.
Yeah. Yeah. I know it's, I just, I'm just looking forward to even things like, you know like people who are learning to be dentists and doctors and how they all doing their training is like I read a, they said, yeah well you know you should wear a mask because otherwise you might end up in the er and you'll get getting intubated by an O. B. G. Y. N. Resident who watched someone intubate someone else on his moon for, you know and not to denigrate the skills of the O. B. G. Y. N. Resident. But you know, it's they were accelerated through their last six months of training and I've watched a few zoom videos on how to put someone on a ventilator. You know, I don't be in that situation. But I mean, yeah, I mean me personally were extremely fortunate. We have a large enough house that we've got private spaces to work. My husband are in separate rooms and we don't have kids. And you know everybody definitely. The sad part is I've got my dad in the U. K. And I got relatives back in Australia. And I just know that if anything happens you know before it was always the case. Well you know leaving side the prospect of laying down a couple 1000 bucks. But I could be on a plane in 24 hours right? Could be back there In 24 hours and I could go to help and now that basically just isn't possible. I mean you can't get flights and allowed and these quarantines and so some shit could happen and you don't have to deal with that stuff there. It is
all
Well it keeps changing right? We we thought we were sort of stabilizing. And even the countries in europe,
right? I mean, you look at spain, they, you know, it's it's I think until we get a vaccine, we're not, we're just not going to be that. And I mean we've in the sort of industry, they sort of talked about this normal. And I was like, well, you know, there is really no normal, Right? I mean life changes all the time. But I think up to now it may be has changed in sort of more predictable ways. If you can say things like wars and terrorism and what not are predictable ways and elections and whatnot. But This thing is a new one because basically no one's alive for the last 1917 18 pandemic. So we're all just doing whatever we need to do. So, oh, well, I don't know anything. Anything. So do you live in a nice place where you live by the ocean? I've kind of looked at a few different places in florida with a view to maybe
moving.
Yeah. Yeah. On the hurricane side or the not
so
Hurricane
E.
That's that's good to
know.
Yeah. I have a colleague in Tampa and she always says that there's just some magical protective thing about Tampa and it never gets, never gets hurt. I don't know if
that.
Yes. Exactly. Yeah. I don't think it's not whether doesn't respond to magical, magical thinking. So what, so did they google put you through a training course? Like I know I had friends at IBM where they had this sort of bridge to teaching. It was a way to get rid of you know, older employees which clearly you're not, but you know, to kind of get them off the payroll and they would put them through training classes or is this just literally something you decided to?
wow. Some.
No.
Yeah that's that's that's that's no worries. Um But okay so what kind of history are they going to learn? What's on, what's on the which which period of history?
Oh interesting. Okay. Yeah. Well
you're
not
you're not
black
are you?
Yeah. Okay. So did you have to put that curriculum together yourself then? The one on
Vietnam War?
interesting.
Uh So your student demographics are they like what's the percentage of like black, latino white et cetera? I guess you don't
necessarily
know this
year but.
how
am
Just this yeah. Good good stuff.
careful.
Well.
Yeah. Well I'm sorry to hear that, that's true. I mean from my perspective and you know, I think that all right. I think the more, the more I think about things, the more I think that that the kind of professions that are traditionally glorified, if you think about sports people or or movie stars or celebrities or whatever versus teachers, nurses, doctors and even what the heck as we've learned recently, you know, freaking truck drivers and and check out clerks and people who are re stuck in the shelves. I mean what is it that literally keeps the fabric of society going? Yeah, and sure. Okay. Yeah, we we we like to listen to music and go watch a football game, but we're not gonna die without it or you
know,
it's
not Yeah, it's kind of the icing on the cake I guess. Where um you are the cake, so Yeah. Oh well
um
It's it's rough but I mean I like to think that they're there if they say something like that, that it's from a good place in that, you know, I can't I can't teach my kids or I can't get my kids motivated the way that they will for a teacher. I mean even if you think back when you learn to drive and if your parents or relatives try to teach you to drive, you know, for me it was like hopeless, you know? But then if you go get a professional driving instructor, you're going to take being told what to do or respect their knowledge or whatever, you know, it's different.
Why?
Mhm. Yeah. No, I I think your attitude is the right one and yeah, clearly money isn't everything and I mean it's it's easy to say if you don't actually have any, but you know there's a sort of level and I think there's even been research around that a baseline of salary that earning more than that doesn't really materially increase happiness, not as much as you think and people think oh I'll get the new ford truck or the biggest flat screen tv and you know it's it's not as fulfilling as having a close to work or friends or a dog
or
no.
Yeah. So true. Uh So do you have any pets? I've done three of these and I always we always end up talking
about pets.
what
did they?
Yeah. No, that's lovely. Am I able to see can I see this cat because
she's
hard on the days? Okay.
Oh how exciting. Yeah, in California we don't we don't get exciting whether it's just like hot during the summer and then rainy in the winter. But um yeah, no, I'm definitely a cat person and you know, we lost, we had two and then one died and then the other one died like only a few months old I guess last year. But it's like we're kicking ourselves now because again, if we rolled back and when this first came up and work from home, it's like we would have got another cat right? Because I know when we were going to be home for six months would have been like fostering cats and dogs and what not now
we're not.
I don't think I can really do. And I mean our last cat lived to be like nearly 19. And just in terms of what I hope to kind of do in the next 10 years, you know, it's like we might want to go back to Australia or you know, it's just I don't think it's the right thing to make a commitment to but certainly in terms of like fostering or you know alone, we just take one out for a while. But now we read all
this stuff
on.
that's lovely. Yeah. Present or you found her or what was happening?
Nice. And has she been you know, any kind of quirks? Like what's what's special about this cap?
Uh huh. She likes the food.
Okay. But she like just sit in your lap and all of that.
Okay. Okay. But when it's just you, she's okay
after that was that reminds me of and for a while there we were doing like friday night because I used to go out to the beers with a group of friends like friday night, You know? Anyway, we started doing that over zoom. And it was kind of funny because um, we saw a lot more people's pets because if you go over there place, same thing, right, pets just bugger off. Right. They're not, they know what you found, but because we're just calling in from our living rooms, like there's the cat sitting on their lap, you know, doing normal cat things. It's like you really do have cats. So
but I'm even sick of the family fans soon now. It's just like uh just just want to kind of like see people and anyway,
about a year and a half, I think. Yeah. And I think, yeah, I think that this is my, probably my third of these chats and yeah, I've had a couple of no shoes. I have no idea what they're getting out of this research. Have you had are they doing any sign of analytics? And what the hell are they hoping
to
get out
of this?
Is that what it is? So then it's about establishing report and communication.
uh you know, I hadn't even thought to do. But yeah, I probably should because it's
Well I want to expect, I mean it's so matter, right? Yeah. It always seems to come up right. It's like, yeah, why why are you doing this? Because you know, you don't know what you think. Is it just like weirdos who do this? And
Yeah. I mean
why not?
What the hell? I mean? And it's well I only do this for science, right? I'm only concerned about furthering the cause of human nature. Yeah. And and their money like you said. Yeah, Well, I just throw it in my amazon account so that, you know, you don't really have to pay real money for stuff you buy on amazon.
Yeah, that's true, That's true. How we doing anything, another four minutes to go. So let's um let's go to the end. Um Let's see. Yeah, But I mean, I've done some really, there's been one or two quite interesting studies, you know, it's and in fact, the last person I spoke to was actually studying in one of the universities in Arizona and she was about to launch some research and she said she wasn't sure if she was going to use prolific, but it was she was just bump because she's a psych, you know, doing a PhD in psych and she'd had all these plans of doing in person tests and of course they now. So she's got to shift it all onto an online platform so she could end up being both a provider as well as a a, you know.
Yeah, exactly, Exactly. And, and you know, occasionally I will, if I find something that I think is a weird or um ambiguous or whatever, oh, community. You know, I send them messages and more often than not, you actually get a message back, right. And they say, oh, that was deliberately did that because of that. Or they go, oh shit, you're right. Yeah. Yeah, okay, well, we'll fix that for next time. And you know, it's, it's kind of cool, right? It's, it's a lot different than some of these other sort of more market research where it's just literally how do I sell you more coke or Pepsi or, you know. Yeah. So
good stuff. I think I did. I think in one which was kind of funny which was they had me evaluate different possible logos for the Space Force. I just laughed and laughed and laughed on that one and I don't remember which the designs were and I can't remember. They actually announced it. But it was it was pretty funny that they engaged one of these research companies to market test fine the space could face man. It's funny. Um okay so wow, 100 lightning I got to say I do miss good lightning stones because I came from Brisbane Australia which is probably similar kind of equivalent latitude to florida. So we would get all these Nolly thunder and lightning storms the end of the day and you just don't get that in California. So it's the rain is kind of dull. So um, I envy you that. Well anyways. I mean good luck with the teaching, are they? They put like perspex, you know, shields and stuff all around the, have you seen what
they,
Yeah. Well, I have to see how well that is they do on compliance with the face masks.
that's your, that's your, that's where your money is on. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's just a shot. I might have heard already like a few schools, like as soon as if they get cases or whatever, then they've got to basically shut it down. But you know, I I can, I can understand them wanting to try it, but maybe we should have done maybe a smaller experiment first rather than just say, hey, let's, everybody could do this and Yeah.
Well, and you know, and then if the kids end up giving it to their school bus driver or their teacher or their lunch lady or their whatever, you know, it's it's a whole, we don't live in isolation. We're all in big on this earth together, so Yeah, yep. Okay. I
think,
I think so. You know what? Let's just wait. I've got 3 25. I don't, I would hate them to say you don't meet you do, you did 3 2024 minutes and
like
58
seconds.
You
don't
know.
I mean, you would assume that they could go back and look at the replay and see that we did this in good faith and did that well anyway. So yeah, you said you're gonna be in there next week. So Yeah, well have fun and I hope the kids learn and enjoy wearing their masks and yeah, okay, here we go then. I'm gonna hang up now, so have