so
what?
Yeah, I can hear you. Yeah.
Well on you.
I'm nasty by the way
spot. I'm
just
come back from work. Mm
This is interesting brain.
I'm a
teacher.
I'm going
in person.
High
school
teacher.
What are you doing?
I used
to be a, I used to be independent contractor for google so
take a huge pay cut to
it. Is
I can talk
about
it. I mean I talked the whole time but I don't mind talking about it. I teach ap us
history and
these
are these are perfect times we teach in history for sure. Gas me.
Well
we've been doing our pre planning so like we start whether we're ready or not next week. I don't know.
I don't know
whether it's
florida.
Yeah it's a covid hot spot. I don't know how to do it.
I mean, I don't think we're ready to open but we're opening.
We have about 60% that are doing virtual. Which I think is a smart move right now. If you ask me personally, that's just my personal opinion. Um
then we have 40%. They're doing like a hybrid which they're only doing certain days of the week. They come in and
so
it's
like
Yeah it's like every class period I'll be like you know it might be teaching five kids in person. But then I have 10 more on the camera so it's like it's almost like a double depth almost.
this
is
my this is my fifth year, it's getting my fifth year teaching. Um I thought my first four years teaching math and I just recently made a switch in schools. So this is a brand new school to me
if your teacher history coming
new everything. Yeah
this is a learning
experience.
Lot
of
pressure.
Where you at
That's the perfect place to be if you're
19.
I mean the funny thing is, my brother works for Home Depot corporate and in the local area and back in early March. He asked him because he is like I have a couple nephews. He asked them like, hey I'm a little worried and work at home and then like they told him absolutely not, you cannot work at home should you not Five days later they say working from home
until further notice and
he's still working home. They said don't know what he's gonna go back. But they literally told him like five days before they told me working at home you're you cannot we're not going to move your job at home, you're not going to work at home. And I mean
Just
think of
it.
I mean the teachers union was suing the state over the you know because of the safety that they were not all in proper protocols and stuff. So
like they're so instead because a lot of them have like you know existing conditions but therefore it send them to We're in the minority teaching two days a week in person. Most of them are going back 55 days with full class sizes. Uh huh.
the
been
I hate I hate virtual teaching myself. I mean I hate virtual teaching myself but I wanted to be safe for everybody. It's much easier to teach in person. I love teaching person virtual teaching. I can't do it but I think it's the right thing to do right now.
What
they call it? It's a new normal. But I mean I'm not I'm not using that word, that word. Is that still that in my brain that's that, you know, the new normal, this is not normal to me.
What?
I don't
know, I'm about 20 minutes from the ocean. It's a decent dry but it's close,
it's
far
enough. We're
out where I'm not near the flood zones.
The
major ones that ends, there's a hole in florida is potentially to go under any second, but I'm far enough al
You
knock on boil now.
Um I kind of did when I was in college um they gave me, so it was an independent contractor so I wasn't working directly through them. But it was it was a company that they were contracting out to Essentially gave me a huge manual, 80 pages like guidelines and such and they said, here is this what you're doing? I mean essentially like a bible and almost of what I was supposed to do. Mhm.
I mean I signed signed an NBA two about it so I can't really much in detail
about it.
So I teach two courses. I teach a push which is ap us history and I teach an elective course and sometimes I get looks when everybody tell people this, I teach African American history, the Vietnam War. Mhm.
people
give you look like
you teach
african
american
history.
So
with these are elective courses so they give me the freedom to teach how I want. So I kind of go based on the student's interests. I mean the Vietnam War just, you know, there's a lot of time, I mean it's very small and scope, but there's a lot that happened in that small period of time in african american history because I I let the students kind of guide that course
so they they can decide where it goes.
it's
primarily
white.
I would I would say it's 50, white and about 20% African, American. very small latino, I would say maybe five, Then Asian would be very marginal, I would say. And then other would be almost non existent. I mean, where I was working a couple of years at math, I was working at school with 80% Latino population. So it was hugely in the same area to these schools are within like 5, 10 miles of each other. So that tells
you how
different the communities are Based on demographics, I mean, but it was like 80% Latino. Um, so I really brushed up on my spanish in other words,
but I'll tell you this, I I don't really enjoyed teaching latino population because I think the cultural values of the families and respect they had for teachers was was
beyond reproach almost, You
know, I find it with some other nationalities, including my own honestly where teachers aren't really respected the way they should be. Oh
Is
that essential?
In other words?
Yeah.
I understand the importance of me to be an open, whether it's safe or not understand that some people need me to, you know, I almost hate to put it this way. They almost need me as a babysitter so they can go back to work. I mean, well that's good or bad. I mean, I understand that.
I had had family members who were upset. You know, family members and friends who are upset because my background, my degree is not even education, my degree is actually in economics and finance were a little upset with me when I decided to go in the education field because they, you know, like,
hey, you can double triple your salary easily, you know, use your actual degree. But I said it's, it's sometimes it's more about what you do and how fulfilled you feel we in it rather than how much it might. I mean I can make more money. I was making more money, it wasn't fulfilling to me
because
you get that then then you want something else, then you want something else. I mean,
you know, it's eventually, it's a never ending cycle.
This
is this is my, this is my second one. You know, I was scheduled well, so this is my actually this is my third attempt but you know, I was one yesterday and there were no show. So I got paid, I got paid for waiting on somebody who was a no show. So that was kind of nice. This is this is my second one officially. I
only
have a cat. I'm a cat person.
Oh she's she's lying on the bed.
It's
thundering lightning announced. She's she's fine.
Well I hear
the human society is always looking for people. I mean I hear that they're having a hard time adopting animals right now. Oh.
Mike
Mike.
That's about 12 or 13. I think I've had her since high school.
Front family friend had a literal kittens and we we grabbed one of them.
She's a fat cat. That's what she is
is well fed and you can tell that from her. Yeah
she's kind of standoffish. She really doesn't like kids. You get kids around here and she's a ghost or any lightning or anything like that. He's a ghost.
Pretty much. Okay.
All right.
How long have you been doing prolific?
I
looked
up.
I looked up the researcher. I looked over, I mean, I'm not obviously I'm not concerned about data mining because I mean my phone, you know, and I'm using this prolific because they're so in doing so much data mine and I'm not concerned about data mining. Um, it looks like there if you if you take the website, which I don't know whether somebody's watching this live or not. Which would be ironic. But if you check their website, it looks like they train individuals on how to be leaders, like their training people to be like CeoS and like they're like coaches almost life coaches.
Yeah, I think so. I'm not I could be I could be completely off base, but when I when I went to the website, that's what I saw.
And the guy, the guy watching this right now, he's taking notes like, oh, they're talking about us. Yeah,
This is beer money for me. This is beer money. This extra money, this is and I do this one that I do a bunch of other stuff just to get, I mean I get maybe $200, extra months, you know, just
play
money.
I mean amazon might as well be real money when everything can get on there.
I mean, I wonder where some of this stuff goes. I mean like I've done, you know, prolific. I've done games and stuff like, I mean it's like a lot of interesting stuff is never boring.
Mhm.
mandatory
face masks. So and so, so sadistic markers reduce class sizes. So I mean they're putting in a good effort towards my safety, so I feel better. And the student safety as well.
I give it a month before I'm doing all virtual again. My thoughts.
We're testing on kids. That that's uncomfortable thing. We're testing this on kids. Mhm.
Looks like
we're good to go on time.
I can't
imagine
them being
nap Peggy.
I
would help
not,
It isn't.