Hi, how are you?
I'm good.
Well,
I have to say. I feel like I've applied to like this thing like a million times and like it's never matched so
okay, well, it's like we'll just send you like the link and it's like, oh, if it didn't match like, do you really from whatever and yeah, like it's never gone through so
Mhm. Not this particular one. I mean in general just like there, but I haven't like I haven't actually gone on anyone to this one to have to go through.
So Yeah.
No.
No, but I feel like I'm probably putting in times that like, people forget because I'm doing like whatever it is 8:00 eastern time and like I'm like, I'm really gonna probably like forget someone. Like I'm up whatever catch someone I catch someone. So
Yeah. How about you?
What?
In the city. So
in the boroughs.
Yeah.
all my family is in Brooklyn.
because
I think
there's more,
I would say that mars is more Astoria in queens. Um Right.
I mean well that's a popular place so. Oh Prospect Park so
then she's
down
Yeah, I mean
I actually
Originally from here all my family was like pretty much Brooklyn and then moved to queens that you're talking, that's like a 10 minute drive, depending on where along the border. So we did not go far. Yeah.
Are you originally
from
where you are
now
or?
Well
that's
no, I mean it's crazy all that bouncing around. That's I mean especially I guess for me were never really I've gone out ventured on like vacations and things like that, but never actually for like picking up, moving in for college, I stayed locally within the city so
never
um I went to uh mccauley at queens College so it's within the coun. Yeah they are for undergrad and grad school so you need tuition. Uh huh.
Is
that?
Well
I'm
no one
genesis, Ceo
is far up but I which other? Well. Yeah.
No
of my friends.
I can't.
Yeah I was gonna say I feel like I've like really heard the name. Oh
my god that's
wild.
The number of students and I work at and we're talking about the high
school.
Yeah I'm a speech therapist. So um. Yeah and that's so I work in a high school and they, Student population for high schoolers is 4000 which is pretty
well
so.
wherever
I'm
hot.
I heard a constant, haven't heard of the other ones but.
Oh wow. Yeah. How has
it been
with,
go on. No.
And
so my school is still like very much up in the air so I work like within D. O. E. Like um yeah we um so everything is pretty much going based off of like de Blasio and cuomo and they're a little spat. Um So
they made the announcement that yeah it's just ridiculous. I mean they still have no idea what they're doing. Um They made the announcement saying that they're wanting everyone to go back and every school has to submit their own model of what works best for the number of students in the building and the building size. But like I said that the number of students in my school ridiculous so My school is pushing to do 100% remote because even if even though it's not one of the options they presented, um they're kind of submitting their own plan because they said that all the models that the city has suggested just wouldn't work for us. Because even if you were to follow that, like you already have staggered schedule for our students because there are so many kids in the building that to really make the accommodations that they're saying are safe. Like the kids would be coming into school like twice a month if you're supposed to like, well it's like what's the point? Why have them come in then? Like there it's just mist and then on my end I can't be pulling from class, the two days that they're only showing up in person, I'm gonna be doing everything removed. So with like the so that's what my school's trying to do. I don't know if they're going to get approved. Um, me personally with like the health accommodations and stuff like that. I think I can apply to do um, remote work from home. So that is actually not even, that's really anything
too crazy, but it's just like a little bit of certainty because they have no idea. It seems that all my coworkers like that um are also speech therapists are kind of doing the same sort of thing. So we're actually on the age, so it's just a waiting game and like seeing what happens, it's going a mess going back. Everyone's
in the same
boat.
In,
yeah, then everyone is on the same page. You don't have to worry about who's, what day? You don't have to worry about any possible exposure. I mean, it would just make things easier. I mean, the hopefully have ironed out some of the kinks from the spring, but honestly it wasn't horrible. It was manageable in spring. You know, of course you wanted kids in have them socialize and stuff, but like I just don't think it's worth the risk. I think it's just gonna explain things so that's mine take on it. But how do you feel with
your kids?
What
are they?
what
so helping elementary this is or?
Okay.
Well,
Well, yeah. Trying
to keep
franco from going
one day.
What?
It's
amazing.
I mean,
I'm looking across something like that because I feel like that's very foreign through between come across the job like that. Bye.
So
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, it's like the nature of your job to begin with. So I mean that I guess it was like using it for you now for your husband. Are they opening up college or what's the deal with that?
That
remains
I was hearing a few schools
were planning given that where they would go earlier and then go through things like up until thanksgiving and I guess that it doesn't make the most sense because if you're going to be going ahead and exposing yourself at home that you know that's the time back then that would be a pretty bad situation. Um But yeah I mean that makes sense. I mean here it was pretty, well I mean you're saying your sister's down here it was pretty bad here for a while thankfully now it's kind of died down. People are getting out again. And I mean now that there are low, I mean, I know, I feel like I've been definitely trying to take advantage while things are at a little now because who knows what happened in the next few months. So I'm like, okay, if I can go out, if I can see people now, I'll still be careful like get out of the house. Yeah. Now. Yeah,
it
was.
I
don't
know.
I
mean,
I would love to know. I mean they were submitting and like they sent out a survey from, um,
like our UFT rep and principal yesterday. I believe it is asking the staff's opinion if they were okay with them submitting a plan to do 100% remote. So as far as we know, even really submitted a proposal yet, which I mean like starting in less than a month, so like they got to get their stuff together. Um Bye. I mean I'm pretty sure almost all of the staff will say it's okay to continue doing 100% remote. I can't see anyone in our building really giving that much of a hard time or at least majority. Um so I think they just didn't want to make moves without speaking with the staff, which is awesome because like our principal was horrific and they
basically,
they basically like ousted him last year and replaced him with this now and he is so nice, amazing, like such a, it was like the best thing that happened. Um So
it's nice that he's consulting
with staff and getting our opinion on it. Um So he is submitting that and I mean I don't know how long it will take for the city to approve or deny that request. Um
I should be finding out about the other like health accommodation I would say. They said in mid august so I would say probably in another week. Um But
you put in for it and you have like you know a doctor's note and stuff which like you were required to that most likely they're going to approve them because it would be you know problematic on there and if you didn't um
Yeah
I'm just I'm grateful for that option. So.
Yeah. I mean you had to make it work. Um But there were definitely some crews and cons to it. So there were some kids that would just flat out refused to log on. I would like call and harass them because
like from the beginning I got their phone numbers, I got their emails, I had their parents contact information. Um Some phone numbers did not work, so there were a handful of students that I couldn't reach the entire semester. There may be like Yeah five
or 6 students on my caseload that like it was just zero contact, but other staff members had the same problem. So it was those kids were you know, missed out. They had all of our information, they were interested, they could have reached out and found out but they did not want to be bothered. So you're talking you expect that from some of these kids. Um So there were a handful that weird because I usually have a caseload of about like Round about 55 students. Um
So it got knocked down a little bit for the number of students that weren't showing up. Um
Some students I made initial contact and then no matter how many times I tried reaching out, they just would not answer the phone, would not answer the video phone calls, I told the parents and the parents didn't answer or didn't follow through. So there were some that just didn't participate. Um And then there were the ones that like absolutely loved the idea and logged on every day. So I tried,
I followed him like a schedule, but like I would keep it to like x number of sessions a day. Like I'm typically supposed to see six sessions of students um in a day, so I would follow that timeline of, okay, I'm going to like try and fill each of the six time slots, most of the times it would get at least one on. But for the number of kids on my caseload, I there were ones where like I had groups of up to five, which is what I typically do in the school building. Um So yeah after like a little bit of time the kids got used to it, so they were logging on consistently, you know, well until the end of the year when they were checked out but I mean I don't blame them so it's about so you don't have any more work, Are you sure you don't need help with anything? Okay, we're good. So I mean
I
remember that and I mean a lot of them like I know what speech that a lot of people assume it's like the whole arctic and stuttering it and that is a little bit but a lot of it is like the language comprehension aspect of it, so it was more or less providing support for the work that they already had and working on more linguistic perhaps and like vocabulary and writing. Um so the stuff that I was able to do with the work they were already given at home, so whereas like I'm in this unusually preparing my own lessons or coming up with an idea or looking up like articles or something, like at this point like I didn't want to give them extra work because they were already very overwhelmed, it was more or less just providing, put it that way. Um
Yeah,
so that's why it didn't work out pretty well and that's why I guess I'm not as like angsty about like how it's going to be in the fall because I knew that worked after the initial setting up and stuff um that should be easy for you, a pattern in the schedule. So yeah, mostly helicopter. Uh huh.
come on.
Yeah, I mean I tried to like me do I have to say like just because it's an older group that I'm working with, a lot of what I would use would be printed out news articles or um
books or sometimes it would be like regions, review books. Um I also worked in elementary school and in the clinic prior to this and with that I felt committed to use more hands on materials that so I don't know how I would manage doing this with the younger age group. I mean obviously I would figure out if I had to um
but just because it's older kids right now, I felt like it was a lot easier because they're very adept at using online resources and being independent and accessing all that information. So there were quite a few like website um that I was able to like use for like certain lessons if I was doing something on my own or if they were working on the classroom, I had a teacher add me to their google classroom, I was able to see all the assignments and work on simultaneously so that helps a lot.
So
so
I was able
to
see what
it
is
and
then like read it out loud to me and be like I'm not getting any of this, I was able to pull up the actual assignment and then we worked through it step by step. So that worked out well.
Thank
you
and to you too.
I.
mom.
it
will help
you out.
We do have these uh huh uh
In the morning
drop
off
in the afternoon.
Okay.
What?
It
was a pleasure.
I know like on that actually went through, I was shocked when I heard a voice on the other line. Yeah.
No
one.
Yeah. The prolific ones are great. I'm like, I don't think I've like made as much money on any other survey site as I have with this one. It's like the most reliable.
Yeah.
All right. Well, like I
said
with
you and have a good day and fine.