I'm good, how are you?
Oh there you are. I can see you're in the pattern, I
see you now. Mhm
Did you did you did you had to do it a couple of times
I had to do it. Uh I was supposed to have one yesterday at like 4:30 and it's, I've actually have you done this before?
On
this is actually my last one. I did one like the first one, it was, it was like back in the spring when I started doing like some prolific stuff. This is actually my fourth one, so I think this is the last, I think you can do four at least is the
right now. I think you should don't quote me on that, but
Are you on are you on the East Coast?
Okay, yep. Yeah, I'm up in um way uh northern new york, so like up on the Canadian border, pretty much like half an hour from
the border, so up there. Mhm.
Oh you're
you're in New york? Okay nice nice.
That's my my sister lives in uh she's in Brooklyn so she's in the in the city yeah
I don't I don't know you know what she always tells me and I'm always like I always get all these like dip this park mixed up with like um I feel like she's near Ditmas Park maybe I don't know, I
always get it mom
mixed
up.
she just goes there there Prospect
she
goes
to Prospect Park yeah.
So
are are you from Brooklyn are you from the city or did you just uh is your family and Okay. Cool, nice.
Got to
two
of,
I'm
actually
from um no I'm from philadelphia originally so um I yeah like a like a suburb right outside philadelphia which is everyone is from like outside outside philadelphia is like a huge area. Um So I grew up there um and then I um I went to school at Penn State and then from then I just have been like kind of lived all over because of my husband's job so um he works at university and just like you end up he's a coach and so we end up end up and ended up at universities all over the place. So we lived at like university Wisconsin University of florida university Connecticut university Rhode island. Um But he took a job at D. Three small like D. Three school up here um because it's just much better like stability and work, life balance and all that stuff, so we settled here like back in september um and we have a couple of kids so we have four kids now so they've kind of the oldest one has been through like three different schools because it's just like really kind of like a traveling lifestyle when you coach. So um at like the D. One level so he was like I want to we want to stop moving. So we wanted to we've been coming up to this area um Up to like the 1000 islands for he's been coming up here forever because his family has a place up here. Um So we were only like an hour and a half from their place so um on the water which is good so we uh like we should live up there, there's a college town up there. So in this little college town It's small, I mean it's only like 10,000 people year round. Um you know you go across the cross over into Canada to like that's where like the bigger story, that's like our closest city is is is in southern Ontario right on the border. Um so you go across there for like more shopping and stuff but we do pretty much a lot of stuff online also so but it's cool, I like it up here, it's uh
it's
funny I'll say like I'm from new york, people are like oh no like the city, I'm like we're like seven hours from the city, it's a big state. Mm.
Did you,
where did you go in the city?
That's cool, that's yeah that's big
time,
it's uh we have to um Sunni schools up here like one in our town and one is like one town over so believe it or not, there's two
Sunni schools
like
way where
we are.
genesis Garrett Ceo is actually um in like south of Rochester, so um definitely upstate new york but like western new york. So it's actually, I've ever it's really cool. Have you ever been there to Genesee
or did you just hear about it? Okay, it's actually
really nice school. Um it's just really pretty like the camp, we went there, my husband actually interviewed for a job there. I'm glad that this one worked out. He's up at Clarkson University which is like an engineering school up here, it's pretty small, it's
like 4000 students.
Heard
of
it? Yeah.
What
do you work at A high school?
it's
cortes
and yet. That's crazy. Yeah. But yeah Jenna Ceo is really nice, it's like a nice campus, It's like a small college, cute little quaint little college town, it's maybe like sort of like 40 minutes, 30 40 minutes from Rochester is like the near city. Um But we're we have Sunni potsdam and then Sunni Canton are both up here and they're
only like, it's kind
of funny that they're
both here past. Um Yeah,
okay, it's interesting that there's like two of the Sunni schools way up here. Um I guess because they like had different like one is more like um I think Canton, it was like, it was like a tech school or something that kind of got assimilated by the Sunni system because it is interesting because your way up here like sort of back up beyond um like on the Canadian border and uh There's like two Sunni schools right here. But that's I mean that's what, that's one of the things that makes our like our town really cool because otherwise there's definitely some like um like depressed like economically depressed areas and stuff like in our county. Um But being in the university town that makes, that adds a lot of, you know, a lot to do and people coming and going and the coffee shops and bars and restaurants and stuff like that, it's just that makes it a little like livelier than some, some of the towns up here that aren't in the Adirondacks, but are like just kind of up here, they're like old, like mining or like textile town, so I think it's just they're just not, you know, they're a little bit economically depressed, so it's definitely nice being in the college town, it's cool. What,
so
are you
going,
oh I was gonna say you're going back to school or back to work soon in the classroom or how is your
school uh handling everything? Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Are
you?
Yeah. Yeah. Are you hoping that it's just all like totally remote? So that just, would that be easier? Yeah, I mean, for
you like you just have your whole school remote? Yeah.
Especially
if
it's
mix, yeah, I should say, especially at such a big school like that's that's like so big like our schools are um I think it's been easier because like this just the school sizes are smaller and so like we're actually in one of the larger districts in the area. Um Which is potsdam um because um you know we wanted to live here would be in the college town like near the universities and everything and we just liked like the size of the school was a good size, like it was it's funny it's like the bigger one, but it's probably, I don't know, each grade has like for three or four classes, I think about 54 classes per grade. So maybe,
I don't know, maybe 100 kids, 100 kids per grade. About.
Well for kind of for elementary and middle school because I have an elementary school in the middle schooler. Um And so the elements and they're gonna be, we're gonna find out this week, but they're probably going to be different like our kids are going to go on different days like because the elementary schools um the schools the like facility is big enough and the numbers are low enough that they can actually have um like spread out and they hired some more staff and so they're actually gonna go four days a week into school. Um
And everyone will so they have enough and that some people are you know doing home schooling. And so between the number of people who are doing home schooling and just the facilities and everything it'll be um enough that will be enough space in the school that everyone can go four days a week. And then like the fifth day the whole district is basically friday. The whole district is close or remote learning because um like the teacher is going to be doing like some sort of getting together on Fridays and they're gonna be cleaning and sort of that that kind of stuff. So and then the middle school is gonna be like probably um it's actually is definitely going to be two days in person and three days remote. And so the middle school, they're like splitting up into two groups and so one group goes I think monday Tuesday and the other group cruz Wednesday thursday or something. But we don't know those day the days yet. But so my elementary school and I have a person someone pre K. Actually she'll do a half
day, but elementary and the pre K. They'll they'll go four days a week in person and then middle school goes in person, two days a week. So we
it's kind
it's definitely
booklet.
I know he's doing what? I know. So um the good thing is uh the nice thing is like um the pre k. And the the elementary school people that have like they're going to be sort of on the same, it'll be definitely different because there they're going to be on the same days, but like the preschooler only goes half a day and then like the middle schoolers two days. So I'm just I've been actually working from home like part time since my for like the last seven years now. And so um it's like been amazing for this stuff, like even before it's like pandemic job because it's so
flexible. I just like log on when I want pick up work, when I want to turn it down when I don't want to do it. Um And it was really convenient just with kids in general and now that this is all happening, I'm like, oh my gosh, this has made our life so much easier,
so
that's
been
To come across the job like that. Yeah. Yeah, so it's um
I was really lucky, I just was like when my second was born, I was like I was working full time, my husband was working full time and we were just like all right, this is not this is not going to work, we have to, I was like, I need a job, I can work from home but um not full time and have to be really flexible and I ended up making it work. So um uh
and I think some like freelance stuff too, so I kind of just like make it work, but it's a it's like total flexibility, which is like for us, that's like a huge number one value is like having a good amount of free time and having like control of our schedule with kids and everything. So that's been that's been awesome. So I'm super grateful to have that opportunity, especially right now when everything is like, I don't know how I would be doing this. Uh I just do a working
parents, I feel like that would be just really tough they got and teachers, but I guess everyone has it tough in their own way, but I feel like we don't have it as tough because they're just of our situation has made it a lot so much easier. So
Yeah. Um so it's been interesting. It's been like everything, you know, it's been way up in the air. Um He just, so they are bringing, they are reopening the colleges, like all the colleges in the area basically. Um but it's been uh you know from the beginning that I feel like Clarkson has been like really really well run and they're just they're sort of like they're they're just really like efficient and like um with how they do things and um just they like think everything through like the management is really good, like the president's awesome. Um And it's like he's worked with some like major state universities where it's like just so huge and there's so much bureaucracy and it's so hard to like get, it can be so hard to get things done and this is like the opposite, it's like it's like homebrew college because it's like there's like 4000 students. Um It's private, they can kind of they have a lot of leeway and how they do things and they're like all right, we're just gonna be really kind of proactive and um intelligent about how we do stuff and like so it's just been really well run like how there's been like no furloughs, no layoffs. Um Which a lot of lot of his other friends who were coaches, I get other schools, they're like following the whole athletic department because they're like all right, well we have to we have to save money, we don't need sports right now, so um but they haven't had any of that, so um
And they
are bringing students that. Yeah, yeah, so they're bringing the students back um earlier than normal and then they're doing like a full semester by thanksgiving and so they're just like I mean so I think they're doing sort of the best they can by having um It will like they'll be like testing for everyone um before they get here. I mean I feel like it's not going to be totally smoother, perfect because people are coming back from all over. Like you know we have we have it kind of lucky up here like it's been the infection rates have been really pretty low. There's been like I think maybe 200 cases in our county which is like 3000 square miles. Um There's been like 200 cases since March basically. So it's not you know, it is there, but it's really a much smaller scale um But also it's less like we have less um hospital bed and I see you spots and all that stuff also, so it is a little bit concerning like having almost half our population is college students, so they're all coming back. Um So we're just gonna you know, see hopefully ride this wave out and hopefully they can get in a semester by thanksgiving um safely or safely enough and then uh I think they'll do, yeah, august to, they start like next week till stepped till thanksgiving. And then they'll be like an interim, like winter semester where that will be online and then kind of see how it is after that. So I think that's kind of the plan. Yeah.
So.
Yeah.
So, you know when
we find out about work, you'll
find
out like
next week or so.
Are
you not
Okay.
Your
other one?
Nice.
54.
Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah.
Right.
Mhm.
Yeah. And are you able to like do, like, we did it work out okay with like doing speech therapy, like with your caseload and stuff like in the spring? Did you have to, you made that work I guess, you know?
That
Mhm,
Mhm.
Mhm.
Oh, that's cool.
All right. All right.
I'm here.
Right.
Okay.
Mhm. So you don't need a lot, you didn't need a lot of like materials and stuff. Like I was wondering how like teachers did this without being in like their classroom, you know, like, I mean, I guess for the regular, like the homeroom teachers, you know, they're using a lot of online resources and stuff. But did you miss like your your classroom, your like your office, your workspace or like your materials or could you just kind of like make do with whatever
you could get or cad?
Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Okay. So you could work on it with the, okay, gotcha. Let's
meet
like
screen
sharing,
sort
of
almost,
Yeah. Oh that's nice, Yeah, that's cool, nice. So it sounds like you uh figured figured everything out. Um But yeah, good luck with everything
this
fall,
hopefully it works. Hopefully remote. Thank you. Thank you. Will be uh
stood some combination of people getting on the bus on different days, although we might drive them. That was one of the things they were like, so if you can drive your kids you might want to, because the school bus is one of the tricky areas actually is like, you know, having low keeping low numbers on the bus, which you know what, that's like one of the more challenging areas. So we'll be driving them I think in the morning where only were a two minute drive from school, but you can't walk just the way that set up is so it's really close, but you do have to drive, But um Just because of the way we're like two miles out of town. But
uh I was like, I hope they can take the bus home in the afternoon because that's when we have four kids. That's when the baby is sleeping. So that would be the biggest big time. So hopefully they can take the bus home in the afternoon.
That's
thing.
But
Yeah. Yeah, I can
get your
place
just
just one way. Yeah.
Nice.
Nice. Well it's nice
talking to you.
I'm glad we uh didn't miss each other.
I think and I think you can do up to like four. I mean that's what the message that I got, I don't know, don't quote me on it. But um I did I've done like one a month for like the last four months. I just do like the random prolific studies. And then sometimes when I'm online working anyway. And then I saw this and I was like, oh, I'll
do
that
with this. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
All
right, well, have
a good day.