mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, mm mm. Okay. Okay. What? Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mm hmm, mm. Yeah. Mm. Uh huh. Oh, sorry those or change the one to hire you?
Oh, thank you.
yes.
Well, really?
Are you in school or anything on computer?
Shit.
Your boy. I know, yeah, I'm in school right now and it's no fun on the computer. That's for sure.
I guess. I think the worst thing is just that when it's, you know online then it feels like it's never over if you know what I mean? I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah. No, I've been doing that. It's terrible. Oh man, where are you from? Where do you live?
Nice old man. That's expensive.
Um Now we just moved from philadelphia to New Jersey. So yeah,
man, you know i in my neighborhood, it's really white, which is really weird.
I know, I know. Um My boyfriend is from New Jersey and his mom his mom lives here and yeah we're just in South Jersey so to move here from Philly was not that big of a deal. But yeah right now I'm in school for social work at Rutgers and we had to write like about our neighborhood. Um and I wrote about mine because my neighborhood compared to where we lived in Philly is like just like white suburbs. So it's been it's been good kind of boring honestly. Yeah. I don't know. Thank you.
Yeah I took um I took the bus from chinatown and Philly to Manhattan once And that wasn't too bad, it was only $12 so mm.
Yeah.
On anything or just the
And
I totally understand. I don't like to fly, so
I'm actually kind of wondering um how it's going to be after Covid, I guess it's gonna be a while, but I feel like a lot of people will get a little bit of gora phobic that probably like weren't before maybe. Hmm.
Oh my goodness. Yeah. What's interesting to see someone from new york because I don't know because when all this covid stuff happened, it was like you guys and us and like the rest of the country was like they did it
We were like, oh God.
you, were you born in new york or you've always lived there or?
That
oh, that's all, yeah, right. I grew up from Colorado and when I was
I know dude, when I was Maybe 20, I moved to Brooklyn and I didn't realize how expensive, it was it didn't last very long, but
yeah, I went back but you know honestly uh Philly seems a lot like new york and I found um they like to film Hollywood movies thinks it's cheaper, like and it looks the same in certain parts, so sometimes they'll be like new york these cars and you're like oh they're just filming a movie. So uh
yeah, I know, I can pretend the one thing though I didn't notice is uh Philly is super dirty compared to new york, like new york uh felt very very very queen to me because Phillies just so dirty. I don't know. Have you been all
Uh Oh Yeah, I'm 33. Yeah. But yeah.
Oh.
my God.
When
I was gonna ask because he brought that up before. But yeah my girlfriend um is indian and um it was pretty sweet because his parents would make us really good food but from what I understand um you know like the indian food at restaurants, that's not really what they eat all the time, that's kind of like wedding ish food mm
Yeah. Yeah like all the fancy stuff, like they don't cook like that normally. But yeah but no I understand what you mean, people are like oh you're just like indian people and it's like I don't know
and
Quiet.
I like it too. Yeah my boyfriend used to ex boyfriend used to make fun of his parents because they still had it. Really? Really? I don't, there's a funny movie you should
watch on netflix.
It's um
God, what's his name? It's about O kumari, have you heard of that? It's A K. U. M. A. R. E. Um And it's about this guy and he uh his
name is Vikram Gandhi and he uh pretends to be a guru and he like basically and he even makes up these like stupid yoga moves that are not real and very silly looking and he basically gets like a bunch of like silly rich white people just to completely follow him as a guru and they don't realize that he's not he's just you know he grew a beard and they think he's magical. Not not yeah Kumar but did
you
find that's
pretty
it's a documentary on netflix but
R. E. Yeah it's pretty funny and at the end of it I mean not funny it's kind of sad but at the end of it he comes out to his group of people you know, and he tells them this whole time he thought I was this girl and I'm just door come just to indian guy who grew a beard. I don't know. It's been interesting for my social work masters. I'm in a diversity and oppression class right now and drink. Well, I should ask you the question I have to answer next week. I feel like this is a very askreddit question I have to, you know how on reddit there, I don't know if you're on reddit or not, but
know how like askreddit they'll be like if you woke up as a guy, what would you do? My teacher basically asked us that uh, what did he say? He said if you were to wake up tomorrow and find yourself to have a different sex, race, ethnicity or sexuality, do you find it easier to imagine being a different race, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah? What are the obvious manifest changes you make the subtle laden changes? I don't know. But I sleep, I want to be a white man and go on job interviews and get everyone scared, you know?
no.
No, I don't, I don't think there is a right way honestly. Because you know, if they asked creditors this question, they would just be like, I would play with my wiener.
Not,
it's it,
No, what makes you like Slovakia? Is it like music or something like that or?
Bye.
Mhm. Oh, I
was just saying we have time, don't worry. Oh
Our
Well,
well
and
well,
that's all.
That's really cool.
Mm hmm.
No.
Yeah, I used to um really love google bordello. Do you know Gogol bordello? Oh
man, it's a gypsy punk band um from Ukraine and they speak a bunch of stuff, but I don't know, so I wanted to learn that and like I know gypsy is a slur so I have to be careful not use that word, but
I
only
that's
what
they call themselves though as gypsy punk, but just because of the style of violin I guess. But um,
go go bordello. It's G O
G O L
bordello. Local bordello there in the movie. Um, what is everything is illuminated with was his name? Oh that's sweet boy. These animal crossing. Yeah. Elijah wood there in the movie with elijah wood, which is pretty cute. But
everything is illuminated.
But yeah, and then I guess as far as language goes to, my best friend growing up was from or is from Tajikistan. So um she brought me some tragic that way, like we could be really bad Children and like, you know, talk about people and she taught me a little bit
of Russia. So I always wanted to learn Russian, but I have no reason to, but uh huh
and
that's that's true. And then for a while I was, my major in college was sign language interpreting, but then a, it started to hurt. Oh do can you do that? Mhm
no.
Mhm
God, I know not anymore. My ex boyfriend was and
it
was you, he had his accident, his death accent made him sound like he was from like another country that doesn't even exist and people would be like where are you from? What's your accent? And he'd be like, I'm from colorado in his weird accent, but I don't know. But then I'm forgetting to I have nobody to talk to. So
yeah, I love it man.
It
No.
you have a son?
good, good. Oh, I'm so excited.
Mhm Oh. Oh, I take a screenshot. This is great. Oh,
nice. I met a pig beginning. Uh huh.
Grand.
Oh my God, he's cute.
Mhm
It's me too buddy. Me to get it.
No, it's my sixth time once over.
So thank you for informing him being sweet because I would have been very sad. No.
we're good. Yeah, I did
one
last I actually and it was pretty cute. It was sweet boy who had the largest gamer headphones ever. So I asked him about yours are large compared. Oh, but when I asked
him about video games, he was like, it was really easy to talk to him. Yeah and I don't know, this is how many times for you you've done it
and
you know, honestly, no. Um and I think in general I tend to be paired with women, but
I think people tend to be younger than me, but I've only had two boys and one of them, I was telling the guy that talked to you last night um even though he was inside on his computer, he had a mask on the whole time and it was like, you know, it's kind of awkward because just looking at like what do you have? Mhm
that's
true.
I mean I'd look like depression and just get it.
Yeah, laughter. It's contact them and be like, just help me. I know. Yeah.
man,
I don't, yeah, for some reason this doesn't bug me at all. I don't know why, but like as a whole, since I moved to the east Coast, I don't really know how many people here in real life and you know, it's very lonely sometimes and that is totally fine. But yeah, as far as, but I'm also an only child, I don't know if you are or not.
the one thing I've learned about only Children is, um, are, you know, fundamentally alone. I only had a mother, just a single mom and me. And so it kind of, it teaches you that like you don't get built in friends like everybody else does. So if you want them, you have to be proactive for it, otherwise you will just be alone. So I think that's why it doesn't bug me to talk to people, You kind of have to, you know, but
they
want,
for, yeah, I guess especially now since you don't want to go outside and get their cooties.
Yeah. No cooties. No, no, no.
God. Yeah, it's, what is it? It's a bunch of birds and crap.
Well yeah, I have, this is indian. That's funny. Oh
and I did that. I showed my boyfriend's mom and she, every time they went to India she would bring me more statues of her and I was like, and then they have, I'm just cultural appropriation it. I was like a clean. Okay. So, and then they have like a, I'm going to show you my boobies on accident.
I'm like this japanese, she's, I don't know. And then
there to
school
birds and uh, notebook because I like to write in notebooks a lot. Those are my boobies and then a peacock and because
they make really terrible sounds and so do I. So
are you recording?
I don't remember it, I don't remember.
I used to live in Denver, used to live across the street from the zoo and there were just like peacocks and they're loud and horrible people and I forgot. Let's go.
Mhm.
Every
you need to go, need to go to provoke a detonator dot com to a terrible okay
uh pro cat,
like pro cat neighbor. It uh it loads a cat and a song so you can look at cats and songs. I think this is right up your alley, actual reasons.
Well it's not helpful for me. Maybe we have too much going on at the same time, but yeah, it will bring you much wisdom and joy this.
Oh God. See that. I feel like I was like self harm honestly. Um, uh, there's a book extremely loud and incredibly close. Have you read that? I don't know.
Um, uh, There's an old man in the book and he starts losing his words like one at a time. Yes and no tattooed on his hands that way
as he loses his words. So I did that. But this is, I should not have done this. I have a degree in violent and classical music. So I don't, I and I was just really depressed. But so I got a rest list but you know, like don't tattoo your hands. That was the stupidest thing I've ever done. But I feel like I was just really depressed and I feel like it's kind of like a self harm thing that I can, can't squeeze them out, you know? Mm.
I don't know man. Like I mean it's true. I'm definitely restless but like why did they do that? But I don't know it hasn't stopped me from too many jobs because they don't have a job. Yes.
And this is your school work. Uh
You can do it.
Well
how
they made the survey after this a lot longer than it used to be. You didn't used to have to write quite as much as you do now. Which but what's your name
Neil? Okay.
Oh me too.
My name Hey lena
you know and I used to have two little lipping so my teacher gave me a sign name assigned name in its U. L.
Okay. Say my name.
What?
Yeah. Oh my God you're it's uh
okay. I said you were hilarious.
Well
No hand.
This is
Sophia you can
come.
I would say no. All I have the back of my neck but I would say just and nothing on your hands. I regret it.
I don't have enough money. I don't know. Yeah. I'm just gonna wish it away. Yeah. Oh yeah.
Well we're awesome. Have a good day.