I'm good. Let me just put on my headphones. How? Okay, just connect, okay, testing, can you hear me? Okay, perfect. I and I start to
um also I'm not ignoring you. My so my right or my laptop screen isn't working, so I'm just using my tv. Yeah,
I got to get it fixed
and to do that pretty.
Uh No, I'm not. I am, I am going to go back to school um hopefully this year, but with Covid it's a little
confusing.
Right? Oh, so you're more of a traditional learner?
because because when you're, when you're sitting down in class, there's the anticipation of just waiting for the clock to like meet and then when you're like you leave um it makes it it makes it really difficult to distinguish between or like to find comfortable, I don't know to make your space your own because let's say you have a small apartment, you have to work on your bed and then like, and then you go to school on your bed and then you sleep on your bed.
I am from new york city and that's where I live right now.
Oh it is expensive. What about you? Where are you from?
I heard there's a lot of indians in New Jersey,
my indian friend was telling me about temples and I think one of the biggest temples in the world is in New Jersey that hindu temples I definitely want to go. It's not too far, it's not too far from me because I am in Manhattan. Um Why did you go to New Jersey?
Do you miss philadelphia Bill?
Well it's that's crazy. I wish I could do that but I suffer from like travel anxiety. Um
You true
on anything? I'm scared I suffer from what's called acrophobia. So I'm scared of being in a situation where I can't possibly escape from. So if I'm on I'm on a train or if I'm on the airplane like what if something bad happens and that's what
my mind's always thinking about unfortunately.
All right. Yeah.
definitely. I think I think O. C. D. Is starting to become it's probably becoming more of a thing. Um I mean and I don't want to use that term lightly because I know STD really messes with people's lives. But I do believe that O. C. D. Is starting to become a bigger thing. People are starting to develop those trades. I don't know
wearing the suburbs were in a smaller town. I really care.
It was. Yeah. I remember Seattle was really really like screwed over. Um I think it started in Seattle because people are coming from china I guess. I don't remember. Mhm.
Um I was born in a kind of um gangster borrow in in in new york city, there's different boroughs, there's queens and Staten island. Uh so I was born in the Bronx. Um
so I'm basically an original gangster. I know, I know I seem really intimidating but I promise you
what?
did you go back to colorado? Where did you go to philadelphia?
Mhm. I was gonna think you definitely don't have the philadelphia accent
I've never been, I have a half sister in massachusetts, I've been to massachusetts before. Um and then wow so you must be a little bit older than me, I'm 22.
Uh for
for from high school. Um I did I did go to like Washington D. C. New Jersey. Um I think um there are maybe other places I've been to New Jersey before. Uh When my dad was a it was a fashion designer. Um He had he had a few coworkers from New Jersey and I remember one day um his co worker called my dad saying that uh he went to vacation and he left the bathtub Brennan and his whole house was flooded all the fabric was ruined. So then my dad was like hey do you wanna go with me to New Jersey and help out this indian dude and his wife because their health right?
so then I don't remember what my dad did exactly but I was able to learn about hindu culture. Um And I saw the statues and everything and now I love indian people although
that's not forget fetish I swear it's not I'm just really interested in culture and language.
I didn't know that
Um I remember
growing up, I used to watch prank videos and there was a, I think I think one of the Youtubers was named uh upon owners or something like that and he would pretend to be a, an indian guy and
I'm like, well like indian accents, like really funny. And then I, and then I remember when I got a facebook and there are so many indian men writing to me very provocatively. Um and I started having a bad, a bad, like it left a bad taste in my tongue because I would watch a lot of videos of didn't text support scams and I'm like, oh this is probably really bad on India because you know, and but then I started, I started having more exposure to indian people and I live in, in people, I love their accent. I know, I, I know most people don't like it because it sounds like weird, but yeah.
Hey.
Oh my Yes, yes,
flicks.
sorry.
I
don't,
I
don't, I don't think i Is it a is it a tv show or is it a movie?
Mhm. I don't, I don't see it, so it's it's K um A are you?
I do, I do use rhoda. Yeah.
Oh my gosh, what? Uh I would Okay, this is okay. I feel bad because I don't want to sound like I have a fetish or anything like that fun. Um I'm currently learning Slovak, that's language from Slovakia, which is in central europe, there's only five or six million inhabitants. Um I would love to be Slovak and I don't know if my brain would change, but I would love to just experience like a Slovak, you know? Because even though in new york city does have a lot of people, the chance for me finding someone from cell block, It's such a tiny countries, tiny european country. I don't know. I just I don't know,
but I feel like I'm not answering your question appropriately.
such cringe. I love I love Reddit, but there's like this tone that is
kind of condescending, but then also like trying to up like up one's uh up one south. I don't like I just I just don't like my friend,
my my my ex boyfriend, he did get me into um different, separate. It's because I didn't know that, you know, there, I like the wholesome umes, oh my God, and the cats, and then with the hearts, with a spammy heart, you matter? And I'm just like, oh my God, yeah, I do. And uh but then, oh, sorry.
Um Okay, so let me let me tell you a long story. Uh you can actually check in the okay, so we are 15 minutes. We have to do at a link. 26
minutes. Um Okay.
Um
um I used to play a video game, an online video game card, landscape. It's pretty
old game. Mm And I met a man from Slovakia and my knowledge on Slovakia was so outdated. I thought it was trick of Slovakia because that's what you hear in textbooks. And he said, no, you're stupid. Um Czechoslovakia ended in 1993, so
you gotta you gotta get with the time. Uh and he his his attitude was very like, he's kind of mean, or he was kind of mean, we don't talk anymore, but I fell in love with this dude um
through this video game and I remember hearing we used to do voice chats and I remember hearing Slovak his language, he was talking to his mother and I was like, I need to learn this, I need a little angry.
Um The first, the first word that I learned was potato was making hash browns and I asked him like a woods, what's potato and Slovak? And it's like similac and I'm like zodiac. Zodiac.
Oh my god, if your language can make potatoes sound like like let's go like God, like obviously I got to learn the language. Mhm.
so now I talked to, I have a pregnant Slovak teacher who teaches me Sylvia countries part.
Yeah,
I'm I'm really excited. Do you have any languages that you are
learning?
No.
I'm
glad
it's a slur. I was I was like, okay, sure I want to check
on
it.
Good. Good. Cool.
Well
phone.
Yeah, it's called magnificent.
Oh, sorry, sorry. Everything is so limited.
However.
There's
always still angle and
I learned, I learned american sign language and a middle school for one year. Just one year. My dad was, he was really for it because he's like, I want you to learn, I want you to speak to people. Um, it's
been so long. It's been so long. I don't remember. I can do, I can do the alphabet obviously. But um when
I see deaf people in like stores and they're talking, I'm just like, I want to, I only talk to you, but I don't remember. It inspires me to. It's interesting. Do you, is anyone in your family tough?
Did you
watch?
Right. Um I'm pretty lonely too, especially with quarantine, but um, I do like using facebook, although facebook is kind of a bummer thing. Um
and I
do, I do like joining different groups. Um I'm an animal rights activist, so
I do like joining like different animal rights activist groups and stuff. Um and then I get to like get a lot of people that share the same um, uses me speaking about animals. My son wants to see you. Is that
Yes, I have a son. Animals and animal thing
in. No. Yeah,
maybe.
You know, Yes,
it did. A guinea pig. So cute.
I don't know. Uh huh.
Give us sleeping.
Uh I asked, this is my second conversation. Um, is this your first time
genius?
we have 22 minutes. Okay.
I
think.
Work.
This is the second time I did
my first time yesterday, I was actually with an elderly woman. Um Honestly I was I was anticipating someone older just because I don't have you have you seen a lot of older people since this is your 16?
That is interesting.
Uh He he was probably sharing your room with someone maybe or like how like
someone
in the top, something like that. Um I was going to ask something very interesting. Okay, you ever feel like cheating work? Because because you know, you know the follow up questions or like is this person kind is this person smart? Do you ever feel like just asking them like, okay, so do you have depression? Like do you you know because
do I do it? Do I seem smart? Uh huh.
Do you, do you feel like you feel like um as you've done more conversations, you've tried to like you've eased yourself like you feel more comfortable talking to strangers or
something strange of something that you already do?
No, I have like five siblings. Mhm.
that's interesting. I've
heard
that it's difficult to make friends as you age is a
that was sure that is true.
Okay. I need to ask sorry. You know,
Does it, does it go pasture? Is it, does it, does it,
my God, I love
All
That's beautiful
thing
up.
Oh, it's colored.
Can you, can you imitate the sound? Yeah,
no, no 30.
It's like uh or something or
Oh, if there if there's a birthday, you have to okay, open a new tab. I I need to tell you. Okay, go to google um and search up kookaburra. Okay. Oh okay.
Uh being you are are a that
it's an Australian birth and they're really loud actually. Can you can you play it right now? I just want to see your
People complain about uh Spar sparrows. Yeah, you goobers are Yeah. Wait, which website did you say I should go there?
Kind of.
I'm going to bookmark this week.
Oh my gosh, I'm really excited. And last question, because I have to go, what what tattoo do you have on your hand?
Uh No. What is it about?
however
were like you were calling like you were pleading for attention or something like that.
Mm It's true.
Right. I wish you the best of luck on your schooling. And me too. Obviously I'm going to go to school for a biochemistry. Um Yes and as a job I want to do like housekeeping. Because I've always I've always wanted to you know, being a rich like Manhattan apartment and just like seeing like all the luxuries that I may be might not afford in the in the in the near future.
Yeah. Um and then I think there was something else that I wanted to ask that was kind of important. Um how
we doing on time? It's been 30 minutes. um
uh um uh I don't remember
uh My name is nailah naila.
It's uh Oh yeah. I just remembered uh what
my name.
Well we have this similar name.
All right, okay. There there too.
Oh my God. There were two things that I wanted to say for one. I love flags. And the fact that you said the dickey stan uh It's not my favorite flag. But I do like
um turkmenistan which is close. I don't know if you've seen turkmenistan flag. It looks oil so I can just inhale it. You know what I mean? Like
Brendan.
And
then and then the second thing that I want to mention was I don't have any tattoos but seeing your tattoos inspires me, I will take your note of not getting handled. Don't
have
what
as
her as has the neck and face is no, no neck and face her. Yes. And I can face.
Are you going to get it removed?
I gotta go. It was wonderful talking to.