SPEAKER_L: Yeah yeah Mhm Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Yeah yeah sure from yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. No. Uh huh. Yeah Yeah mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah yeah. Uh huh Mhm Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah yeah. Mhm Mhm. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. No.
SPEAKER_L: All right my name is Glenn yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Olivia,
SPEAKER_L: Hi Olivia, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Mm I'm not too bad, not too bad, it's a little bit McGee here but you know other than that it's not too bad I'm in Ohio
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so I'm not far from me. I'm in I'm in Missouri so it's rainy here which is unusual for july Iranian like 75. So I'm not complaining for a midwest, july day, almost august,
SPEAKER_L: sure. Get ready to move my daughter back to Missouri Springfield. Gonna take
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: her there
SPEAKER_R: fun. Very cool. She in college there?
SPEAKER_L: no uh she heard her husband uh graduated some time ago they just moved back from Japan and
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: then I'm going to take it yeah and I'm going to take them to uh they've got a a pottery shop in Springfield.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Where were
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: they in Japan?
SPEAKER_L: uh they were in Sendai, you ever you ever been in Japan or? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: dad's brother, so my uncle and my cousins live there. It's like I've been to Tokyo and Chiba in Kyoto and it's a fun place. It's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so when you were in Tokyo, did you see the Godzilla?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't think so.
SPEAKER_L: I guess it's uh I guess it's right, well I've seen it but it's it's right next to uh they've got their own version of the Eiffel Tower or something, They're in Tokyo. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well cool, great. What are some of the things you like to do Olivia?
SPEAKER_R: Um Salama software engineer. So I code for a living, so that's mostly what I do, but I also like sing and play piano and all sorts of other stuff. And the big thing is we bought the house that we're in in november and I've been working on remodeling it since Covid hit, so I've just been painting and tearing my house apart. But
SPEAKER_L: Is this your kitchen? That's in the background? Looks nice.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's really nice. I needed some new house. It was built five years ago but the family lived here before us had two twin boys and four dogs. And they just did a number on the house so slowly getting everything patched up and taken care of. So we're getting there.
SPEAKER_L: so as a as a software engineer you're able to, are you able to work from home is
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah so my company typically is not remote were typically pretty intent on being in person but we've gone through the rest of 2020 just because there's way too many people in our office is like I work in one of the biggest corporations in Missouri and it's there's no way it's just it's not feasible.
SPEAKER_L: Did you did you go to school for that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I graduated with a degree in computer science like almost two years ago. Bank I lost
SPEAKER_L: Was that
SPEAKER_R: track.
SPEAKER_L: was that was that from Missouri to or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I went to Mizzou so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's where my daughter went. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's a great school. I'm a little biased. I married a K. U. Grad. So it's it's funny because we're like house divided permanently. That's what we call our wifi and everything. It's but it's funny. So
SPEAKER_L: Is he a Jayhawks fan or
SPEAKER_R: yeah he went to K. U.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: Ben.
SPEAKER_L: I've not.
SPEAKER_R: His whole family went to K. U. My whole family went to the zoo. I don't know how
SPEAKER_L: Therefore.
SPEAKER_R: that ended up being how it is but it did. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Piano and sing. What what uh what kind of music are you especially into? Do you write your own stuff?
SPEAKER_R: I used to I used to do it a lot more. Um When I went to college I originally went to college. An opera singer. Yeah and I changed my major seven times until I ended up in computer science because I couldn't I had no idea what I wanted to do. Um So I'm mostly classically trained so like I played piano for like 14 years in school and I just know boring classical stuff. It's not a ton of fun to play and it's not super fun people to listen to. But I just like plunking around. So I have a couple friends that I hang out with and we don't right around music but well like cover other songs and like try to come up with different versions of them just for giggles whenever we have free time. But my friends that do that are both in medical school, so that's not what we've been doing the most lately. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that sounds really interesting. I think music is awesome. And do you have a particular genre of music you like the best?
SPEAKER_R: um I listen to just about everything. I'm pretty, I like a lot of like Indy stuffs like smaller bands that aren't super popular, not because they're not super popular, but they seem to just write the music that I like. Um But I don't know I just like music that has a purpose and a feeling behind it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: I hope it's okay. I hope it's okay to ask. But how did you meet your husband?
SPEAKER_R: we met through the guy I was dating at the time like way back when um
SPEAKER_L: okay. That's that's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: they were friends and we met and I helped him leave the girl he was dating because she was horrible form and cheating on him and a whole bunch of other stuff. And at the same time helping him, he helped me realize like how emotionally abusive the guy I was dating was. And after we both left we still kept hanging out and we eventually realize like hey this could be a good fit. And so we just kind of clicked and that was that. So it's kind of an interesting start. It was really interesting at the beginning because we all worked for the same company. And then after I left my ex, the guy I married, Dylan left the company and left me there. The company with my eggs. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: And thankfully they he's also moved on to a different company now, so it's not as bad.
SPEAKER_L: Does does
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: your husband joy? Does he enjoy what he does?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, he's also a software engineer. So it's kind of cool because it's it's really different to be able to come home from work and be able to talk about like what you did your job to a degree that the person actually understands it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah yeah they get it.
SPEAKER_R: So it's
SPEAKER_L: That's all
SPEAKER_R: neat
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: to uh to do that. So it's kind of cool to, we get to sit with each other and in software in here and we have this term called rubber ducking where like if you get stuck on a problem, you talk to a rubber ducks, you don't have to waste another engineers time because a lot of times if you just talk through the problem, you'll figure it out. Like you don't necessarily need help, you just need to say it out loud and then a lot of times will come to the answer. So he'll sometimes just called me into his office and be like, I just need a rubber ducks, I'll just sit on the floor and work on my own work and he'll just talk to me while I'm doing my own work. It's just like, okay, thanks. I figured it out.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh That's that's really that's that's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that's the practical applications to I think life can can be better when you've got somebody to just kind of help you rubber duck it out I guess. Yeah, that's good, that's
SPEAKER_R: but what
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: about you, what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Uh So uh generally I tell people I'm a teacher but I'm not I'm actually I tell people I'm a teacher because people get freaked out when they hear what I do, but I'm a pastor, so that's what I do have been doing it for probably 33 years, I went I went to school for a master's degree in Theology and was headed towards getting a PhD in theology and was going to teach and then just never got there, so I've been uh been kind of pastor and ever since, yep.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, thanks, thanks. And I got three kids and two of them are in the ministry and at one time all three of them were and but we're normal people were not when you know we're down to er yeah but that's what they do, that's what
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: I do, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I grew up in the catholic church and I never was a huge fan of it. And then my husband when I met him, I had been out of the church for a really long time and he brought me back to the church he was going to. And so I haven't been since Covid started because I'm terrible. But and I well right, because we got married the week before the pandemic hit. So we got married, we got married March 7th and we got back from we left our honeymoon early because trump was talking about closing the borders. So we literally got out of it by like this much and it uh life. We had all these grand intentions, we were like, oh man, the last couple weeks last month or two leading up to the wedding were crazy. We didn't make it to church, we need to like we were wanting to find a new church because we didn't really feel like the church we were at was a good fit and we had just started going there because all of his because he was a young life leader in college. So we went to the church that all his other young life leader friends went to and then they all started leaving because they started to disagree with the like what was being preached there, some of like the I don't know it was it just got kind of weird. So we all kind of slowly left and when we got back to our wedding and we were like okay, we're gonna we're gonna find a church and then the pandemic it. So here I am having tried to watch online sermons and trying to find a church that way. But it doesn't it's not the same. It's not mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: It isn't we do we do a lot of online stuff and a lot of stuff through our website and some other things but it is really hard for me to uh to preach to a camera. So it's just it's way different. I'm getting used to it, but I'm a little bit older so I've had a lot of help for my kids, they kind of coached me through it, that sort
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: of thing.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure it is weird because it's such a feedback driven thing. Like it's such a personal in person type of thing. Like even just as a like a churchgoer, even as a viewer, it's so I don't know, it's taking such a personal thing and trying to abstract the personal part out of it because you have to but it just doesn't feel right or normal. I guess. It's not the same. It's necessary. But that's I think why it's been so hard for us to like try to pick a church only having lifted online services because I think the feel of the congregation is like so important, just as important as like what's being like preached and taught and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: Well that's really great. Well thanks for sharing your journey with me on that.
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I do hope that when this all lives that you and your husband, your family ends up somewhere where you really feel like it's a fit. That's good.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure we will. We've got a lot of options just because we're super close to the Kansas city Metro. Yeah, there's a great churches out here, so we have a lot of choices. It's a I don't know, I don't know why it's he's been to so many churches already because he and his friends used to go to him, you know, for young life stuff, so there's so many that he's like has an opinion about and I'm just like, yeah, I got mixed up with some sketchy people when I was like 16 and that's what caused me to leave the church, because they basically talked me into like, all this other stuff that wasn't true. And so I just left the church for a really long time. And now I'm every church I go to him like, paranoid. No, not again, it's an adventure. It's kind of it's really been neat though. I've seen a lot of stuff that I wouldn't have probably ever seen. Had I not like had this not happened, because like, I don't think we ever would have left the church we were at, even though we weren't super happy there. So the pandemic kidding has been good. I think for that purpose, I don't know that I can call the pandemic good. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Some good came out of it I guess or something. Hey
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: let
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: me ask.
SPEAKER_R: know. It's been
SPEAKER_L: I would be interested in knowing because you're obviously younger than I am. Um uh And you're very you come off very bright, so what are some of the things that you're doing to make money on online in your free time? I mean obviously we're doing this right now um but uh this kind of stuff probably comes a little bit easier to you then. It probably does me you got any advice for me?
SPEAKER_R: I don't really know. I'm not super used to doing any of this stuff. Like I've I never really worked online before. Um I did in college a little bit just because I needed some extra cash. There's a website, Reddit that has like separates and stuff and they're just like small categories of content. And they have one called Beer Money and the whole point behind it is you do stuff online to make a small amount of cash to pay for your beer habit is like the point of it. But it taught me a lot. So like a lot of the sites that I use, like um I don't know how you ended up here, but I ended up here too. You're prolific. Yeah. So like I use prolific. There's another site that is probably the only other one that I really use their to one's called D Scout and it's an app on your phone. But it has these expressed missions that take like five minutes and they have you like talked, you would talk to a camera and answer a couple questions and they take five minutes and they pay out like five bucks and they pop up every once in a while. But then there are other missions you can get tagged for that are you have to like apply for them. So it's like another five minute fill out thing, but there's no payout guaranteed. But if you get selected, like I'm doing one right now that's on like research and planning and they just want to like have you document how you're planning for something in your life? Okay. So like we've just been like I said working on our house, so I've just been documenting as I've been planning, but that pays out 130 bucks after 11 days of like all these small missions.
SPEAKER_L: wow, wow. Okay, wow, that's
SPEAKER_R: So that
SPEAKER_L: idea.
SPEAKER_R: one doesn't it doesn't hit that often. Like I've only gotten, I don't know I think I've made like 200 bucks off of it in july. So it's not like a heavy hitter but it's like a nice extra chunk of change. That's how I justify paying for the paint that I'm buying because I keep buying the nice paint.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the good stuff,
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: let's
SPEAKER_R: other
SPEAKER_L: forget.
SPEAKER_R: one that I do is called
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: Abbott. Yeah. Those are the only, this is the only thing that I really used. The others are fine. Like there's a whole bunch of other survey sites but they don't pay out enough in the surveys take too long and like as an engineer, I make a decent salary so I know it might. Time is worth, like my time is worth whatever I wanted to be. If I if I'm enjoying doing the surveys and I don't really care if I'm getting paid less than I think I should be. But a lot of the other surveys suck and take 30 minutes and you get paid out 30 cents and like my time is worth a little bit more than that.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. I was going to ask you what what uh what's the good kind of paint for for you, what do you like?
SPEAKER_R: So I'm I worked at Home depot in college so I'm very biased.
SPEAKER_L: All right,
SPEAKER_R: I worked in the paint department so um I like bears products I always have um I were doing so all the trim in our house is like cream, like coffee colored, cream colored. So you're hanging alter my camera because you can see it on the doors, doors now white, but the windows are cream. So the cream is the original color, the white is what we're painting them too. But there's a ton of tremendous house. So all the trim I've painted in Behr marquee, which is their top brand paint um because it's really durable when it sets, it takes like 30 days to set, but if you can not damage it for 30 days, it drives into like a really hard enamel, so it's really nice. Um and then for the walls, I just used their ultra because I'm I don't want to spend like murky is like almost $50 a gallon. And I mean when we finished the upstairs, it took us five gallons of paint to do just the walls. It's gonna take us five gallons do downstairs. Like I'm not spending have much money and paint that is $250
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: just for the walls because the trim is going to cost that on its own. So because we have like 25 doors in our house and I've been painting with a paint sprayer but I can get through six doors front and back, two coats each takes an entire gallon of paint. So novel. It's not too bad I'm just complaining.
SPEAKER_L: Uh you're kind of enjoying getting some of it behind you though, is it is it nice to see the finish? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I finally got a piece done and I'll rotate my camera so you can actually see this. Um We've got half of our living room done so half of its gray which is the new side
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's gorgeous,
SPEAKER_R: and the other half isn't. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: that's really pretty.
SPEAKER_R: so like for the first time it feels like home down here upstairs. We got the upstairs painted the week we bought the house because like we had to like we had to pull the carpet out like we had a flea infestation from the four dogs they had which we didn't notice when we bought the place and because they did such a good job of hiding it. It's not like the bug inspector caught it either. So we had all the carpet out. We had to get the house bug bombed. So it was fun.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that that probably wasn't too too great
SPEAKER_R: Take.
SPEAKER_L: a time, but yeah, I'm glad that it's over for you for sure, that's that's for sure. What was that many dogs? Yeah, you probably you probably would have that maybe.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's like just the damage is really interesting because like I get like when kids are young like their kids were five there two twin boys were five. Like I get the kids do damage. I understand that. I know I damaged the walls as a kid but like the amount of damage in this house, I don't know how they did it. There's so much of just like random dents and dings that are
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: like too big to be caused by a fist and like the only thing I can think of that would have caused some of these is a forehead and I'm like what were you doing? So like since I've been trapped at home I've been slowly patching all the holes in the walls. And just like every time I see when I'm like how did you, how did you do this? There's a spot by our fridge where it's like they took a quarter and like made like a like skipped it as they went down the walls. There's like these
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: quarter sized dents just like in a dash line from florida ceiling and I'm just like I don't know I don't know anymore but
SPEAKER_L: Are you are you thinking about having kids someday? You and your husband?
SPEAKER_R: we don't know yet. Um Not right now by any means. We both, I was adopted. So that's one thing but both of my parents are older. My parents were 36 when they adopted. Me and his parents were in their early thirties when they had him. So both of us grew up is only Children and experienced what it's like to have parents who waited until they were financially stable. And so we both like really if we decide to have kids, I think we either want to adopt or we want to at least wait until we're in our thirties because we saw like what we got out of that life that a lot of our friends didn't like that doesn't mean that it wouldn't happen now, but there's just so much more safety in doing it when you're older. And like I have friends that are having babies right now with the pandemic and I truly can't fathom going through the, like I have a friend who is pregnant with her first kid and she's doing like october and I'm like, your whole pregnancy has been consumed by this. Like her husband hasn't gotten to go to any of her ultrasounds or anything like that and I just can't imagine. So
SPEAKER_L: Right, Right. Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: terrible. None of my kids have, you know, they've all been married uh 23 years and and all three of them are are gonna wait. My wife and I had kids when we were really young, and so it was it was a struggle, it was pretty tough, so we grew up kind of with our kids a little bit, which was fun because they ended up being our best friends, but on the other end I would have liked to have given them a little bit more and had a little bit more stable environment than they had, but they made it okay, you know,
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: make it.
SPEAKER_R: and my friends that have had kids that already have had kids because I'm 24 so my friends that I have friends that have like two and three kids and their for the most part fine like their kids have pretty much what they need and what they want. It's not like they're not giving them a good life, but I just like my friends also that have had kids younger, like, oh well then when I'm like 40 my kids will be in college and I can kind of beach drinking margaritas and I'm like, yeah, but I can do that now. Yeah, sure
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't have to wait. And it's just like, we like, we both like classic cars and we like racing and stuff like that. So while we're young and dumb, like I'd rather spend my money on that in my twenties than have a kid right now. And just I don't know, we do a lot with like youth in our community and stuff and trying to help out with charities. Like we still get that fulfilling experience and the street we live on the house you bought is in a cold a sack filled with kids, like filled with them. There's like four kids in every house but ours. And so we kind of get our dose of small Children just by sitting outside on our patio for 10 minutes. Thank you. Get
SPEAKER_L: after
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: all,
SPEAKER_R: kind of a because our aren't cold sex really tighten it. And they all like, hang out on each other's driveways and drinks. Like their kids will just knock on my door and be like, do you have any sweets? No, maybe. But they're mine.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. We uh my wife and I now that my kids have moved out, we're empty nesters, but uh we find ourselves helping in Children's ministry or helping in youth ministry or doing uh youth mission projects and that sort of thing, because we like to be around people younger than us. But when we were younger, we hung out with people that were always older than us. And so it's it's kind of switched now. I don't mind people my age, but I'd rather be talking to someone younger than me because I I personally feel like they can teach me more, you know, I want to keep I want to keep growing and keep learning and so I'll be 50 this year. So what happens kind of at my age is people kind of stop, stop changing and they stop looking for new ways to grow. And so I like to hang out with in our life group are small group, it's it's all twentysomethings. Thirtysomethings. And then there's my wife, then there's Sarah and I, but that's what we'd rather be, you know we'd rather be talking to people and hanging out with people they're younger.
SPEAKER_R: That's like my dad, my dad's like meant to be around people from the age of like 5 to 25. Like that's where he knows best. He's he's so funny because he's he's 60 60 now. Yeah. He'll be 61 in october and he like, I have to start watching when I talked to little kids because people are going to think I'm a great and I'm like, you don't come off that way at all, you're fine. And typically when you talk to kids, he's like with me. So I'm like, I'm I still look young enough that it's fine you can talk to because he just, he's like, I just love kids. Like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They're cool. They're cool.
SPEAKER_R: he was the coolest dad. And so like if I ever don't have kids, I think the regret will be like not making him a grandfather because he was such a fun dad.
SPEAKER_L: what what's one of the best, what's one of the best experiences you and your dad had? Did you go on a trip or do something?
SPEAKER_R: We used to take when I was a lot younger. We haven't done it in a long time. But when I was younger, we used to take weekend trips to somewhere, it was just a couple hours away and not invite my mom. Mm
SPEAKER_L: Really?
SPEAKER_R: because I got along fine. But like my mom and I thought religiously just that we fought all the time. And my dad, my mom would argue because that's just what normal people do. And so he would need a break and I would need a break and so he and I would take a vacation
SPEAKER_L: That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: somewhere somewhere my mom didn't want to go anyway. And he and I would just go like when I was little, we went to the renaissance fair in Sedalia and took a train to Sedalia to go mhm. Or like we've gotten to the cosmosphere out in Kansas and stuff like that stuff she wouldn't want to do anyway. And so we just go and we would just like talk smack. I'm like, it's like I can't actually talk smack but just complain the whole time. And so it was just really fun.
SPEAKER_L: What's the
SPEAKER_R: Here's
SPEAKER_L: what's
SPEAKER_R: my book.
SPEAKER_L: the what's the cosmosphere? What's that?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's a space museum out in Hutchinson Kansas, it's kind of out in the middle of nowhere, so it's one of those things that like if you're on your way somewhere and you pass nearby, make the stop, but like I wouldn't go to Hutchison just to do that, but it's really cool because they have like an S. R. 71 hanging in there,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: like a no you can touch the nose kind and everything of it, which is like really cool because you don't realize the scale of those planes until you're like there. But they just have lots of really neat uh space artifacts from early space travel is like they have like a lot of the Russian satellites, like they have a couple
SPEAKER_L: measure.
SPEAKER_R: of Sputnik satellites in there and some other stuff but it's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: Do you do you like space stuff, science fiction stuff at all or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I grew up watching star trek and that was like my obsession as a kid
SPEAKER_L: Me too.
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: Me too. I love it. And so does my so is my kids were just ate up with it. Do you like any of the new star trek stuff or are you into like Discovery and?
SPEAKER_R: so I like the old tv shows the best I think just because they truly embodied what star trek is. But I do like the new stuff that's come out. I think it's really cool and I think it's really cool to see star trek in like a modern light. Like see it in a way where like the animation actually can do what could like. Yeah it's a it was my obsession with star trek was so bad that when I was 16 and I got my first car I gotta cut out that said U. S. S. Enterprise across the windshield, across the top and I had the star trek like badge symbol that I had on the back windshield.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's Danny, that is really
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I have a star trek, red engineering one. Z. But I like where the parties and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's cool,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. Ha
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: ha ha
SPEAKER_R: bona fide nerdy kid.
SPEAKER_L: that's a that's okay nerds nerds came into style you know it took a little while but they did
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's so weird now because like all the nerdy stuff that like I had never been if I was always nerdy, but like I'd never played dungeons and dragons or anything and now all my friends at work play it. And now I buy dice for fun. Like I have two news at the dice coming next week because I was just like, these are pretty. So I'm just like, it's such a cool transition to see like the geeky kids would have been like thought when I was really young and now it's like, you know, everybody wants to hang out with the nerdy kids.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah Yeah that's a cool thing that's for sure you know I guess there's a couple of people that sell the dice now for a living they've got you know they've got their own websites for it or they market just just for dungeons dungeons and dragons dice which is like pretty cool. I've seen I've seen on Youtube like somebody had a Youtube channel on it, talking about which people and they've made a fortune because people love those newer dice.
SPEAKER_R: Well I bought one that's carved out of Opel because I saw it. I was like that's really pretty and it was on sale and I'm just a Spaz and so I was like I really want that. So I bought this $20 G. 20. It's just one dice, it's carved out opal. It's really pretty. Like
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: ever will never probably play with it because it's super fragile. But that was like one of my friends from work today, I hadn't talked to him like a week and he just messaged me and he goes, okay, he sends me this message, it's like roll for initiative to see if your manager catches you not working. I was like hang on them, you find my dice. Mhm. Okay like I rolled the 12, does that hit? And he's like, nope, he's like your your manager catches you watching Youtube but doesn't really seem to care and just walks away just like thanks, thanks for that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I'm stressed
SPEAKER_L: real quick
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: when you say Olivia when you say the old tv shows for star trek, are you talking about the the original, are you talking about next generation? Are you talking about Deep Space Nine?
SPEAKER_R: So I liked the original series and Deep Space Nine the best.
SPEAKER_L: Oh did you? Okay okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um The space Time was just different and then I like have favorite episodes from like every series. I think that's what I loved about star Trek was like I could just pick up an episode and watch it and it didn't really matter like the context around it because like it didn't really continue from one. I mean it did but not you could just drop in and have never seen any more of that series and for the most part you could understand what was going on. But I'd like Discovery too. It's been a while since I've watched all of them but I need to watch them again. I need to get my boy my me and my husband. I haven't had gotten to say that much because we've been locked in the house the whole time. I need to get him time I need to get him to watch him because he's only seen the new ones. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: if you seen as you've seen all the movies or just just the just a new series.
SPEAKER_R: He's just seen the new movies. I haven't actually seen the new series yet. I need to watch that. I've seen the new movies. I was waiting
SPEAKER_L: rolled
SPEAKER_R: for an
SPEAKER_L: off
SPEAKER_R: entire, sorry go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: I was waiting for an entire season of the new series to come out before I started because I've been watching a day and then I'll just be sad. So
SPEAKER_L: me too. Yeah to the same here I was gonna ask you real quick about Star Wars any any any affinity for Star Wars at all or?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I like Star Wars I think it's really cool. Um I when I was really little Red Isaac Asimov's Foundation series
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's that's a very cool series.
SPEAKER_R: and I always felt like like I know that it started Star trek and it started Star Wars like I get that kind of the foundation of both of them but I always felt like Star Wars was just a really poor spinoff of foundation. And so I like I like Star Wars like I think they're really cool and I think they're really innovative but I just don't think they're the same. Like I don't think people people try to compare them and it's apples and oranges like yes they're both fruit but they're not even remotely similar and
SPEAKER_L: I agree.
SPEAKER_R: I I'm super excited because apple TVs releasing in 2021 have found the Foundation tv series finally
SPEAKER_L: What I didn't hear anything about this
SPEAKER_R: yep. In 2021 apple tv plus is there's a series
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: that they're doing a series on foundation. I
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: was like oh I need to re read the books, it'll be really good. I'm excited. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I am too I'm gonna check that out. It's really been nice talking to you. Is something else that is coming to your mind I don't want to take up your whole day but it's neat that you've got all these things, cool things going on in your life and just a privilege to talk to you. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: it's been great.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. But I hope you have a, I hope you have a wonderful day and I hope that you get your house painted and just I hope you enjoy life. Just have the time of your life Olivia.
SPEAKER_R: you too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And uh, you have a wonderful day and we'll see you later. God bless.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you do.