Yeah yeah Mhm Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Yeah yeah sure from yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. No. Uh huh. Yeah Yeah mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah yeah. Uh huh Mhm Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah yeah. Mhm Mhm. Hello?
All right my name is Glenn yeah.
Hi Olivia, how are you?
Mm I'm not too bad, not too bad, it's a little bit McGee here but you know other than that it's not too bad I'm in Ohio
sure. Get ready to move my daughter back to Missouri Springfield. Gonna take
her there
no uh she heard her husband uh graduated some time ago they just moved back from Japan and
then I'm going to take it yeah and I'm going to take them to uh they've got a a pottery shop in Springfield.
what
uh they were in Sendai, you ever you ever been in Japan or? Mhm.
Yeah, so when you were in Tokyo, did you see the Godzilla?
I guess it's uh I guess it's right, well I've seen it but it's it's right next to uh they've got their own version of the Eiffel Tower or something, They're in Tokyo. Okay. Yeah.
Well cool, great. What are some of the things you like to do Olivia?
Is this your kitchen? That's in the background? Looks nice.
so as a as a software engineer you're able to, are you able to work from home is
Did you did you go to school for that?
Was that
was that was that from Missouri to or?
Yeah, that's where my daughter went. Yeah.
Is he a Jayhawks fan or
No,
I've not.
Therefore.
Piano and sing. What what uh what kind of music are you especially into? Do you write your own stuff?
Yeah that sounds really interesting. I think music is awesome. And do you have a particular genre of music you like the best?
So
I hope it's okay. I hope it's okay to ask. But how did you meet your husband?
okay. That's that's interesting.
no
Does does
your husband joy? Does he enjoy what he does?
yeah yeah they get it.
That's all
great.
Uh huh That's that's really that's that's
that's the practical applications to I think life can can be better when you've got somebody to just kind of help you rubber duck it out I guess. Yeah, that's good, that's
good.
Uh So uh generally I tell people I'm a teacher but I'm not I'm actually I tell people I'm a teacher because people get freaked out when they hear what I do, but I'm a pastor, so that's what I do have been doing it for probably 33 years, I went I went to school for a master's degree in Theology and was headed towards getting a PhD in theology and was going to teach and then just never got there, so I've been uh been kind of pastor and ever since, yep.
Yeah, thanks, thanks. And I got three kids and two of them are in the ministry and at one time all three of them were and but we're normal people were not when you know we're down to er yeah but that's what they do, that's what
I do, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
It isn't we do we do a lot of online stuff and a lot of stuff through our website and some other things but it is really hard for me to uh to preach to a camera. So it's just it's way different. I'm getting used to it, but I'm a little bit older so I've had a lot of help for my kids, they kind of coached me through it, that sort
of thing.
Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely.
Well that's really great. Well thanks for sharing your journey with me on that.
I do hope that when this all lives that you and your husband, your family ends up somewhere where you really feel like it's a fit. That's good.
Some good came out of it I guess or something. Hey
let
me ask.
I would be interested in knowing because you're obviously younger than I am. Um uh And you're very you come off very bright, so what are some of the things that you're doing to make money on online in your free time? I mean obviously we're doing this right now um but uh this kind of stuff probably comes a little bit easier to you then. It probably does me you got any advice for me?
wow, wow. Okay, wow, that's
idea.
Yeah, the good stuff,
let's
forget.
Absolutely.
Absolutely. I was going to ask you what what uh what's the good kind of paint for for you, what do you like?
All right,
True.
Uh you're kind of enjoying getting some of it behind you though, is it is it nice to see the finish? Yeah.
Oh, that's gorgeous,
that's really pretty.
yeah, that that probably wasn't too too great
a time, but yeah, I'm glad that it's over for you for sure, that's that's for sure. What was that many dogs? Yeah, you probably you probably would have that maybe.
well.
Whoa.
Are you are you thinking about having kids someday? You and your husband?
Right, Right. Yeah, that's
terrible. None of my kids have, you know, they've all been married uh 23 years and and all three of them are are gonna wait. My wife and I had kids when we were really young, and so it was it was a struggle, it was pretty tough, so we grew up kind of with our kids a little bit, which was fun because they ended up being our best friends, but on the other end I would have liked to have given them a little bit more and had a little bit more stable environment than they had, but they made it okay, you know,
they
make it.
Yeah.
after
all,
Uh huh. We uh my wife and I now that my kids have moved out, we're empty nesters, but uh we find ourselves helping in Children's ministry or helping in youth ministry or doing uh youth mission projects and that sort of thing, because we like to be around people younger than us. But when we were younger, we hung out with people that were always older than us. And so it's it's kind of switched now. I don't mind people my age, but I'd rather be talking to someone younger than me because I I personally feel like they can teach me more, you know, I want to keep I want to keep growing and keep learning and so I'll be 50 this year. So what happens kind of at my age is people kind of stop, stop changing and they stop looking for new ways to grow. And so I like to hang out with in our life group are small group, it's it's all twentysomethings. Thirtysomethings. And then there's my wife, then there's Sarah and I, but that's what we'd rather be, you know we'd rather be talking to people and hanging out with people they're younger.
Yeah. They're cool. They're cool.
what what's one of the best, what's one of the best experiences you and your dad had? Did you go on a trip or do something?
Really?
That's cool.
What's the
what's
the what's the cosmosphere? What's that?
No.
measure.
Do you do you like space stuff, science fiction stuff at all or?
Me too.
Me too. I love it. And so does my so is my kids were just ate up with it. Do you like any of the new star trek stuff or are you into like Discovery and?
Oh that's Danny, that is really
Oh that's cool,
that's cool. Ha
ha ha
that's a that's okay nerds nerds came into style you know it took a little while but they did
Yeah Yeah that's a cool thing that's for sure you know I guess there's a couple of people that sell the dice now for a living they've got you know they've got their own websites for it or they market just just for dungeons dungeons and dragons dice which is like pretty cool. I've seen I've seen on Youtube like somebody had a Youtube channel on it, talking about which people and they've made a fortune because people love those newer dice.
on.
What
real quick
when you say Olivia when you say the old tv shows for star trek, are you talking about the the original, are you talking about next generation? Are you talking about Deep Space Nine?
Oh did you? Okay okay.
yeah yeah
if you seen as you've seen all the movies or just just the just a new series.
rolled
off
I'm sorry go ahead.
me too. Yeah to the same here I was gonna ask you real quick about Star Wars any any any affinity for Star Wars at all or?
Yeah that's that's a very cool series.
I agree.
What I didn't hear anything about this
well
very
yeah I am too I'm gonna check that out. It's really been nice talking to you. Is something else that is coming to your mind I don't want to take up your whole day but it's neat that you've got all these things, cool things going on in your life and just a privilege to talk to you. Mm.
Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. But I hope you have a, I hope you have a wonderful day and I hope that you get your house painted and just I hope you enjoy life. Just have the time of your life Olivia.
Yeah. And uh, you have a wonderful day and we'll see you later. God bless.