Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Uh huh.
Mark, how you doing?
Good to meet you. Where are you coming from? The,
well, I just have
to live in Georgia.
Yeah, I'm I'm just over over here in north Carolina.
Yeah. We came down from Ohio. Well, it feels like not too long ago, but it was I guess eight years ago now. But yeah, we're still getting, getting the feel of the place. We don't get out much. Even like Covid came and were like, what's the big deal? Nothing much changed. We still don't go out at all, you know? Uh Yeah, like
we talked, I just talked to
like a week ago. She was in Georgia and we talked about the politics and the Senate race and the swing state in the election and all that. What do you, what do you think? What do you think about all that? Yeah.
All right. No, that is that holding up in the recount? Oh
No.
Right. Right. Um So where were you before Georgia?
The last guy I talked to us from san
Diego.
He studied um he was designing drugs for weird diseases. I don't know. He might have a doctor for that.
It looked like he was like samoan or something like that. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I like him. I was wondering if he was like from from like Asia or something. They said it's been in California's whole life and no. Yeah, but he asked me like that it's like does it ever snow there? I've been in north Carolina here and I was like um it's like yeah like maybe once a year but like they have snow days even like when it's just too cold and it might snow. And and I was like yeah they're really sissies here. They'll they'll call it off for anything that I realized like he's in southern California is like, no, I've never really seen snow. Never happened here.
Yeah. I had a friend who are, I had a friend who was about to buy a house in Atlanta and he went like, he was like living with us at the time and he went, he flew down to Atlanta to like sign the closing papers. He stepped off the plane and summer time it was like 110° and he literally was like, screw this, I can't live here any like flew back.
Yeah, like um there's a difference between the dry heat. Yeah. Um but yeah, the humidity is the whole thing in itself to deal with like us coming down from Ohio, that's where we lived before and like um we didn't realize you like you have to have your air conditioning on or else your house will mold. Um Yeah, it's crazy. The compensation. I've seen them places including our karl space, that's that's kind of unpleasant.
We had to go, you know, we want our first summer without using the air conditioning and we just like literally had to like wash all our walls because just mold it everywhere.
I mean that's what we're used to up in. Ohio is like, you know, you have to be like uh huh. Um you get you get through the summer without a C up there.
No, as well.
yeah, I'm
getting
towards like my maximum number here. You're probably my fifth conversation partner.
No,
ma'am.
So
what,
what were your best conversations?
Yeah.
The
college system is, the college is a lot different between Southern northern California.
So
I just
got a different crowd basically. Yeah.
hmm.
Yeah, the college, I was that last thing um like made people live in the dorms and by meal plans, that's probably not too uncommon, but it seemed really, I'm like
really fair to me. Yeah.
Let me ask you, let me ask you a couple questions. Who is, who would you say is your role model for the multiple role model? Who do you look up to?
Turning.
Hi.
Okay, that's a good answer.
Um Gosh, I don't know. Like maybe I don't think about these questions for me. I just, you know my good that's a good question. But bob maybe bob Dylan, I would have said that the last time I had an answer for that, I would have said bob Dylan, I love is he just writes such a good song. There's there's the wisdom in his music.
I'm too old to do anything. Uh Really thing amazing with my life, but I don't know, I like, I like to play a little guitar sometimes.
Uh if you ever drop into a dorm, they usually have pianos. I delivered food on campus. And every time I delivered to a dorm I would, you know, call up and wait for him to come down and playing a song on the piano in the lobby while waiting for people to to come down.
Okay. Um what one item would you bring if you want to um if you had to go and like uh hiding or in a bunker on a desert island or something?
You can't say like, you know, yeah, it's boring. Um
call
it.
Yeah, yeah, that's a good one. Yeah. You have a good and seriously?
That's right. Okay. I'm not gonna be more um what's on your bucket list?
I
pulled
up
my Prius before,
I've lived out of my Prius before. Uh huh.
All
the time.
Mhm. Mhm. So how, how, how over does covid have to be before you feel comfortable doing that there? Is that not a factor if you're just on your own?
All
Mhm. Yeah, we had a bit of roommate. He was going to work on uh outfit in the van. She she just never did it like the whole vans that are yard for like half the year. She like ripped everything out of it. And then I guess she never got really motivated to really turn it into a living space. But yeah, I've seen I've seen I've seen cool vans. I had another friend who actually did it and and yeah, it's um Yeah, that was fun.
I don't know,
think about
my
period.
So what?
I don't know. I kind of I guess I'm kind of cheating when I say I live out of a Prius because I would just, you know, go out of town for a couple of days uh and then come back home, but like kind of like stay in the car while I was out of town. Um But the key thing is that the seats like flat so you can, you can lay down in a uh Yeah, I don't know. I'm kinda I did I did some traveling around when I was in my twenties, but at this point it's like uh
I've
done enough traveling around, I'll just google earth. I'm curious about anything. Okay. I
played uh Geo Guster the other night. It's where they, Have you seen that?
Uh huh. It's um it's fun. I I got to into it, you know, they pop you down somewhere, you have to guess, you pin the point on the map as close as you can see where it is And I spent like literally 20 minutes like going down all the streets trying to get clues about where I am. Um It's possible to get too into the two end of that game.
Um I got, there's a new version where you have to guess the country you're in and it's like see how many you can get right in the road and I was like, well one would be impressive and I actually got the first to uh let's see how I just got a feel for Colombia somehow. Somehow. I just like got the feel that it was Colombia. I think the coast that has something to do with it. Like I knew it was like on the ocean and it was equatorial and then the next one is actually the Philippine, but I think that she did that because I like I saw like a sinus of like bank of the Philippines or something like that, but I'm kind of cheating accidentally, but
Yeah,
I think that was a those are things to distract from covid and the stresses of life.
I mean we're I think we're we've done pretty well so far. Yeah. Um it's always something to get a little stressed out about it. You think too much about it? Yeah. How about you?
Because
Right. Yeah, I knew someone who was going into like a book preservation or something like that. Mhm. It was probably like a little chemistry in that too, but like she was like a librarian program.
okay, okay. Um What um you want to get rich quick schemes for me? Secret? Um I think it's
shirt
uh was that the thing that like tells you when there's a new studio? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, my wife put that on. I like only sometimes works for me.
What?
Yeah. My favorite conversation partner so far was a guy who was all into a ufo, so he was all gung ho on uh conspiracy theories and I'm thinking there's you know aliens everywhere and he was going to make movies about it.
Yeah.
He like he sounded like he was like an actual filmmaker and he was actually, you know, have plans to make like bowling documentary movies or something.
I'm
not
coming out
A lot of research to um.
I had 1 1 um uh we'll get rich slow scheme um put a few dollars in a mutual fund and leave it there for 30 years to get a return on it. But um my my my one get Rich quick idea was to get a casino do roulette but on black or red Like put $5 on black or red. And if I lost double the best you know there's about $10. And then if you win that time it's like oh you're up five bucks, five bucks still and then if you lose with $10 but $20 and then if you win that europe five bucks still and
then if you lose that time but $40 and if you win that europe five bucks still and just keep doubling it every time you lose Until you win again and then you're up $5 from before you started losing right? But the problem is uh you have to, you know you start with a certain limited amount of money and if you lose too many times in a row you can actually run out of money. Uh So like you know seven or eight times in a row of losing um That only took me 15 minutes to get to you know losing seven or eight times in a row and running out of My $200. So that's that's what I tried one time at the casino, that was my my big plan, but it did not work, I would think it was you know, I would last more than 15 minutes. So um yeah I got kind of like my conversations like the first couple of people like we talked about politics and stuff like political stuff like most most of the time and then since then like um No no the conversations that steered steered toward politics, it's kind
of like making
a question like what are the dynamics to get people to talk about a certain subject for For you know 15 or 20 minutes? Uh huh.
Uh huh. Mhm, interesting. And my first idea was that they were pairing up liberals and conservatives to see how they would view each other one force to 14 center or something like that.
No, I don't I don't really know what the studies without you. Do you have any ideas?
Company.
I'm
not doing anything.
I'm gonna
try
everything.
I think they don't want you to know because like at the end they often asked like what was the study about? And I don't I don't think they want you to know. Yeah.
And right.
at
the
time.
I actually missed one of those. I missed an attention check question the other day. I'm kind of surprised they're like you failed this study, we're not paying you. And
I was like, what did I miss? I'm curious. I don't
think they're going to respond to me though.
Yeah, that's so annoying. I was just going to complain about that actually a
month maybe.
Yeah, I don't I don't like I'm not like seriously doing it all the time, but like in the sound, you know, if I have a down our, I'll check and you know, it was who is what's interesting?
I
don't
care.
I'm really,
I must have
gigantic.
It must have been so long.
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Those questions where it's like, you know, asking you the same thing in different words like 10 times in a row and you know, they're doing it because they want to like. you know, make you know, get like a more thorough assessment of what they're asking. You know like they ask in multiple ways to see if you can answer different in different ways but then but then you figure that out and then you're like I can just answer these all the same because it's basically the same question. Uh
Yeah. What was your most what was your most interesting one was with the AC1 and the Hubble there?
I don't know nothing about it.
And.
showing
up
you
know I'm sure
and
man of science.
And
technically
and
that's right I didn't have a good one with oh it was like it was it was devious. It was they would flash um people either with a gun or with something innocuous and you had to like like you have like a quarter of a second to shoot them or say no I don't want to shoot them. And um but yeah like half of them were like Palestinian looking and half of them were white and and yeah so it was like really hard. Um
It was like it was like man if I have some bias against you know, arab looking people, it's definitely going to come out here. Yeah.
Uh
hey we're at, we're at a half an hour. Mhm.
Yeah, good good time. I've
been taking