Hello. Her.
I'm good. I'm jeanne.
I'm coming from Georgia. How about you
all?
Oh, that's right, interesting.
Um, it's cool. Yeah, I have just, I just moved here like a, a few months ago, like to the east coast, so it's pretty, everything is pretty new. I want to go to the north Carolina though.
Well,
let's go.
well, I think it's interesting definitely if they hadn't counted like all of Atlanta's um, mail in ballots and we went in the swung as far as we did.
I haven't really followed any news. I'm like any of that, but I
know due to the Georgia law, there has to be a recount whether or not like they wanted to or not just because it was such a close percentage.
Um, I live in California basically my whole life, so L. A. Area. Mhm.
This
is. Oh really? Did he happen to be like a, a doctor? It, do you have a doctorate?
He had like brown hair and glasses.
guy then.
Yeah. It doesn't, it doesn't snow in like L. A. At all. It never gets that cold. I think the worst was maybe like low fifties. But yeah, if you want to get snow, you have to drive like a couple hours up to the mountains and stuff. Even hear it. Like I've asked around and they said it only gets up to maybe the forties about the worst out winner and then like maybe it'll snow rarely. Yeah, sure.
Mhm. Yeah. It was definitely a big change to like get used to how the heat is here because like, I don't know, I don't know what the weather is like in Ohio or north Carolina, but in California, it's like dry. It's basically the desert. So I don't get any moisture. But like here it's like a sauna outside. Just crazy to me. It's like the same heat but worse. Yeah.
Oh that's interesting. I didn't know that mold. It was good.
Oh my gosh, that
mhm. So you said this wasn't your first time? Yeah.
So you you mentioned that this wasn't your first time because you talk to somebody a couple
double for
it.
Well really? You're my fourth
I think.
Yeah. Yeah. So I'm
getting
there.
Um Well I think what was it like friday friday or something? I had a conversation with the guy that was from san Diego and we were just talking about like how different it is going from like northern California where I went to college for a little bit to southern California and like the college system over there. Yes. Yes.
It's really interesting because he knew a lot about it
like.
Yeah, like in the university of California systems, just how I guess like how impacted they become over time because we're Like when the time I came in to college of like 2016, they just started to get like more impacted. So there what used to be double rooms became triple rooms and then like some triple rooms became um quad rooms for people would be in there and then by the time that I had left
it
turned.
it gets, yeah, it gets super crowded. Especially since like it was it was a compacted town so you couldn't really
like move anywhere like outside of campus that wasn't like $1,000 for Like a one bedroom or more.
And
especially like I know uh what was it when I was looking for colleges in high school, there was one in Maryland that would make you live on campus for like at least one or two years and it was like this Is it like 1100, for a month, for month monthly for just the room and then you have to pay for the meal plan. Yeah just like regular rent in Baltimore's like I think they said it was like six or 700. She's crazy to me.
I guess right at the top of my head I would say my mom just kind of cheesy but like no, because she grew up, she grew up in the Philippines and her family was like pretty much start poor. I'm pretty sure they were, I think they were farmers until my grandma became a nurse and they had like six or 7 kids including
my mom. So it wasn't that great of a situation but she went to college and she did the whole thing. She immigrated to the US and she basically
built like like a good life for me and my siblings. Just, you know, I heard doing your thing just wanting like a better life for herself.
What about you?
Are you interested in doing music or are you a musician?
Alan school? Yeah, I think my husband plays guitar where he used to before you have to sell it and now he just doesn't really, he doesn't really play anymore and I used to play piano, but now I don't have one since I moved.
Um Yeah, I remember my old college had some pianos and their main lounges and I think they had one in the dining hall, but I'm not in college anywhere. I'm like I was living in Ohio now
mm we're talking like we got food and water and like all that.
Mhm. I probably think like it journal if I could
bring like
a like a pen or pencil with me just because I mean there's no internet so you can't really do anything with that, but at least I'll be like, you know, write something.
Yeah, because it's because like if I bring my favorite book, I'll get tired of it after like the first Like one or 2 read throughs because it's the same story every time. Well, if I can like yeah, I'll make my own.
The most. Mm I want to be able to travel into van again, so be good. It's before Well, like a couple of weeks before we moved over here, we were living in a van just as well. Read was a lot, and
we
may be
like,
I'm sorry.
That's a lot less space though because we have like one of those like ford work hands, like there's like Peto white pants. I was like enough room for a couple of people and it was pretty okay for a while once we moved out here that he was like, It was like 80's or 90s every single day. So it wasn't really feasible long term. But I think like maybe once we get like everything settled in, like renovating and again, so we can start traveling because that's because we have been talking about that a lot just because we
haven't
really seen like a lot of the United States. Like I still haven't seen Mount Rushmore and like I have, I don't even remember going to the Grand Canyon.
I don't, I don't think it would be a factor like if we had the funds to do it, you have to like, you know, by the band and like renovated and all that stuff and like for the most part we would stick to just
like national parks. It would be like pretty far away from people where I wouldn't really, don't worry about it or anything, you know.
Yeah, that's
interesting.
Do you
think,
you know her?
Sorry, did you think you'd ever travel like, like that? Just like living out of a van or car again, liquid?
It's
too much work.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've heard about it, but I've never been able to do one.
Do you get any right?
well, I mean it was there, they could have flocked to anywhere else, but yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm hmm. Are you doing well like considering?
um well it's been okay. I've been going back, I went back to school I think over the summer so I can get my associates degree in library Sciences. I've been working the library. We're just, you know, figuring it
out right now.
Mhm. Yeah, I think that's more like a master's level class. Like someday it could be me. Yeah, those things are really interesting just because, yeah, not a lot of people know how to do it. Oh, Oh,
you
know about prolific assistant?
That's good. Yeah, I know my mind today
was pretty popping like at one point early in the morning I had like four pings one study. So that was pretty good. I know the last person I talked to didn't know about it, so he's really thankful. Oh yeah.
It's interesting. Mm. Start
a Youtube channel. Yeah.
Yeah, that's a lot of feel like that's a lot of funding unless you want to just do like a low budget. Yeah,
kind
of like,
I don't know, student went well, style fulfillment.
Yeah. Do you have any get rich quick schemes going on
and
coming
in.
Yeah, it's interesting. I know, I know like a lot of my conversations have like, you know, at least mentioned covid because I mean that pretty much affects all our lives. Not a lot of them have been talking about politics.
Do you still think that's what the studies about or
um based on the questions that they ask afterwards? I have a feeling it's just about like how like certain people will like, I don't know what kind of characteristics they would have during the conversation.
Like if say like someone like me tends to talk a lot more than like, you know, like a white woman or whatever or like how I know there's like some questions about how we perceive each other. So many women, there's something about that. But I know
sometimes
these studies have like random questions just to lead you off
they're
actually
asking for. So
Yeah. I've done enough of these were or start to pick up on like what they're actually trying to study.
I like it. I like don't read just like they're beginning blurb because like some of the questions will sort of lead you to like, you know, like what kind of conclusions there wanting to and then like what kind of like tasks are just
sort
of
like just to throw you offer to make sure you're not a robot. Yeah.
Code.
I didn't,
I've definitely done that before just because sometimes my eyes glaze over some of the questions are like you know like the same thing every single time.
How long have you been using prolific
the moment? Okay
Mhm. Yeah I've been on I've been on it for think over a year now and it's
pretty good
just to like
now have something to do. Like sometimes they're interesting. I know that I had one a couple of weeks ago that was just basically taking an entire A. C. T.
Yeah but I mean they gave me $30
for
itself.
It was really long. They said not to not to have any distractions or anything but I mean they weren't gonna check.
and sometimes I get a little ridiculous but sometimes sometimes that you'll get interesting studies so it's sometimes worth it.
That's the only one that really comes to mind. I know I had a different one where it was sort of a game and you'd be matched with like one player that had done it a few times before and then like two other new players and you have to work together. I think they were studying like group dynamics and that was pretty interesting.
He was I think there was one study where I had, it was like
studying like marriage and romantic relationships and
it was
weird
like
the daily task I had
to do first
like a couple of weeks. It wasn't even related to um like analyzing my marriage. It was like I don't know if you've had the study before where it's like
the
flash a word and you have
to sort it whether it's good or bad.
That's good.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Well I mean it was interesting talking to you.
Well you
have a good one.