Mhm. Hello. Right. Not for that Federal reserve. Yeah. Mhm. I'm was that
I can now? There we go. How are you doing today?
The world?
Mhm. Make sure we hit our 25 minutes cotton. Yeah. Yeah
mm.
Uh huh Because I have done this once before and with I can't I'm doing it so yeah just yes.
that's cool. My name's matt. I'm graduated from UNLV University Nevada, Las Vegas back in 2018. Um I live out in Las Vegas area, still out in Henderson. So southern Nevada where it's cold for us at 58° today. I got my heater on for the first year.
Yeah a little bit colder than us. We don't we don't do cold if it's below 60 it's cold for us.
Um I'm actually if you see me look out to the side, I'm actually a working remote today so I have the available availability to kind of do this on the side. Well if I get an urgent email
it's
something I'm just checking on my work laptop but shouldn't be anything popping up. I actually have my calendar block for this time as well. Um But with the year I was furloughed so I started doing some of these tests and and surveys and just to make some income while I was furloughed. Um And even though now I'm working back um having the opportunity to do while I'm working remote just on the second screen has been a nice benefit.
No.
What was
your,
two?
What
are
you still
in the car?
The backup quarterback for the football team actually went to my high school. He's the first person from our high school who made it to the D. one level. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Last name is McNamara. Uh
He the same high school obviously didn't know him because I'm a little bit older but he's the first person from our high school because we're we went to a relatively new school to actually make it to a D. One program for football.
All right.
Uh huh. Yeah.
I mean
they
lost to michigan state. I know. So that's a that's a tough one. Mhm.
I love
harv. I've I've actually followed him since he was back at the University of San Diego. I was actually a ball boy when he was coached there so well uh pseudo close family friends so I support him even though he's not having that much success out there.
You got to beat michigan? Think I stated when you when you coach from michigan That's yeah.
And
um for sorry just like my desk
so
my wife's family and my family, they both are in the Las Vegas area as well. So obviously we're going to make sure to be safe and not have too many people in the household, not our grandparents because of covid and everything. Um but at least both sets of our parents will be able to all get together. So for thanksgiving, that's actually gonna be at our house. So I'm in a couple of turkey breasts, make the whole traditional dinner. And then christmas. Eve is going to be at my parents house and christmas stay at my wife's parents house. So I just really just see everybody and as many people as possible. Um Hopefully by then, I mean there's talks yesterday at the vaccine might be out before the end of the year. So if that's the case may be grandma is there and not have to worry about getting them sick is they're both in the at risk age and pre existing conditions. So
how about your?
it's right,
we're
in
the right direction. Yeah.
And so is it, are you one of the older siblings or younger siblings where everybody's kind of spread out
or is everybody's south?
They are there
not very many movies going on? So it's not really a point to be open, but they are open.
I was saying, yeah, you guys have a lot of restrictions there.
Yes, and I worked in the casino and hospitality industry, so I think the opening is was big for me actually returning back to work and the way we're doing is is safe and it gives me a lot of hope that we're doing it the right way we're taking temperatures and making sure people will have their masks on. We actually created a whole new apartments just for mask compliance across our properties. So
well,
how it works is every other slot machine is default turned on. And then if you can prove that you came in together, you can have an attendant turn on two adjacent machines. So that way you can sit, like if it's a husband and wife, they can sit next to each other and not have a machine in between. Um, for all the table games, we have plexiglass between
the seats. So you're, you can see everything going on. But it's
your
germs, you're staying in your rocks on, right?
Yeah,
And yeah, for here, for us out here, especially our economy is based on, on it. So it was,
So yeah, casinos opened back in May and
some people said it was too soon, but any longer and it would have hurt the economy because we have so many people that are still being laid off because of banquets. You can't have any any events like that. So C. E. S. The consumer electronics show was huge for our economy and they go they're going online this year so we're all kind of hoping it doesn't work online that nobody likes it so it doesn't stay online in years to come. Right.
so
it was actually just on the strip. A few of the company caesars and MGM just started doing their shows again. Um I think 30% capacity in the showrooms and they aren't necessarily moneymakers for the casinos but it's a way to attract people. So it's it's looking the right way the company I work for, we have a big arena and we actually did a ice skating challenge or ice skating event for NBC, there were no fans, but they were able to run the event in, in a bubble situation where everybody got covid adjusted in state on premise and was negative the whole time. Yeah.
No,
for,
yeah, I think there's definitely states that are going back a little bit too fast, like florida,
but it's like California where their governors saying, oh, you, your family time on thanksgiving can't be more than an hour and a half and have your mask on between bites. It's like there's, there's two extremes and somewhere right in the middle. Is that, is that right spot in my opinion?
Oh
well. So I'm a pretty boring person actually.
I like to play with my dog, um, spend time with my wife, I'd like to shop as well and then I actually enjoy cooking. Barbecue is my favorite to cook. I love slow
smoking meat.
and
then just
uh um I'm a carnivore so I like grilling doing slow cooking. So just anything meat related is what I like to cook.
No. Which works out because I get to pick what we eat because I'm also picky
eater to that I'm using. I cook and it all works out.
He's a terrier. Schnauzer mix. I mean he's sleeping, he's I think I can grab him real but he might be mad. Okay.
What we Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah,
curious
yourself.
Huh? Named park after jerry Tarkanian, the famous UNLV basketball coach.
I've
never had
until
him. I grew up with a golden retriever and then a yellow lab with my parents. So I said we're gonna get a small dog. I was like
all right, well thank you. Oh,
thank you.
thank
you.
So he's working from just because I get to spend more time with him and
people
break
from work through his his little toy around and just
unwind. Did not have to worry about people that work being like what are you doing when I'm checking on my doctor? I'm in the office.
So what about you? What are some of your hobbies?
What happened
then?
Play or play most
I've seen it but I've never played it and I'm color blind and I know it's a lot of based on like I wouldn't do well
at it only means
that's
the,
Well
that's
I love traveling to
actually the only time I've been in Barcelona as I got off a cruise in Barcelona and went straight to the airport and that was the biggest regret was not for one more time. Um
I to area I got to go there when I was in 6th and 7th grade or sixth grade. Actually it was a student ambassador program and it was it was amazing. I want to go back there.
So bad as an adult
actually have control over where we go and what we do as well.
my wife and I were supposed to go to new york next month. But because they're a mandatory 14 day quarantine we actually decided we're going to do Mexico instead. We were you know where we can go down to Cancun for about the same price is where we're going to go for new york. So we're gonna do that next month and it's going to be an 80.
Yeah and then um already adjusted with my work because when I get back I'll have to do a 14 day quarantine. But since I'm working remote they said that's not an issue. Just stay remote. Don't go anywhere. And I'm like okay yeah
so
we
want
down to Cancun.
I've been to Mexico, I've been to Kabul Mazatlan Puerto Vallarta but never Cancun. So
Yeah, we're doing an all inclusive resort which I've never done that before but I love cruising and it's kind of the same concept, just one place on land. So I'm down for all you can eat all you can drink. That's that's my motive. Yeah.
five days or five days for nets, wow.
Yeah because we haven't left Vegas since March, we were supposed to go on a cruise but our cruise got canceled once we were already
ready
to get on the boat, it was right, right. The first weekend of March, right as everything was starting to hit the fan and actually was actually mike Pence made the call that this cruise cannot sail no more cruises. So it was like,
okay, that's kind of cool that the rupee new our crews and like made the decision. But let us go excited.
The right decision.
No,
We rescheduled for 2021 in January and it's not looking like to go on that. So
hopefully the
same back to the vaccine. Hopefully that makes it so people are more comfortable traveling and it's safer to travel and we can get as close to normal as possible.
Well,
that
I think
the
anti
community who will try to stop it in every way. And it's one of those things that I hope if if enough people do it, it keeps at least at least those people safe where if you do not to get it and then you get sick that's on you at that point you can't spread it to people who didn't get the vaccine. Yeah.
yep. All we can do sometimes it's just hope for the best and just be optimistic and and just be agile and overcome what challenges are thrown our way. That's what this year is taught a lot of people. And that's one of the things I've learned is you've got to always be prepared and even if you think you're 10 steps ahead, something can come back and put you behind the yeah.
yeah I just I like going to ross Marshalls there max Burlington finding
combined, just whatever you can find there. And um going to outlets as well. Just something to do with uh is something I really get out shopping. My wife and I it's
one of our hobbies if we can't do anything else to do, we just we go walk around the Nike store, go to Burlington and just
kill time that way. Usually
buying anything looking at stuff and getting a wish
list for a season as well.
It's
of course.
prime
day. I got I got a dash cam for my wife and I because we've been after that for for prime day so definitely spending more money than I was on but it's all useful stuff, it's not like I'm buying stuff that you know
that's
from walmart's black friday so
Only
$100.
I figured
I might as what?
I know
or
you're short on thanksgiving with your family like oh hey I got to go get these headphones family. Right.
Well
Yeah. Yeah that might be the best thing to come from. The pandemic is black friday shopping being online and actually back on friday at a normal time.
that's good.
and you have a backup if you don't if the tv from walmart sells out today but now we do you get
it
and the same deal so. Yeah.
Mm. Are you there?
I think I switched. Maybe it locked it like froze it.
Okay there we are. Well it's been a pleasure talking with you morgan.
good.