Can you hear me?
I'm good. How are you?
Great. I'm glad to hear that. Um, we do a little timer Mitchell.
Oh, so,
so we just talk about anything, right? There's no
I said you could do it up to seven times and it's like, that's crazy. So this is my first time. I've never done it. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, I don't know. I can introduce myself. Okay. Uh, my name is morgan. Um, I am from michigan and I am a recent college graduate, graduated from the University of michigan um, back in May. Um, what else is there about me? Uh, I'm from a big family, they're all from the south. Um, what else? I'm unemployed, which sucks, but whatever. It's all good. It's a pandemic. Yeah. Uh yeah, today was cool. Haven't done much. I started watching the Bachelorette just cause whatever. Yes. It's been a pretty chill day.
It's cool here too.
Right. I feel it.
I
know.
but very nice. That's good to hear. Yeah, I'm like I'm trying to find a job and I'm so excited for the opportunity
to like work from home, that's just so cool to me.
And
then uh oh I majored in communication and media and cognitive science, so I'm actually trying to become a data analyst, so I don't know, trying to get into that um trying to teach myself some stuff, trying to learn python right now, like some coding stuff just to get into it. But um yeah, I don't know, I just feel like
a lot of places are like sticking to work from home now right? So I think that's
going to be really cool change in the work
work
world.
Okay. First three, no I'm um I live about like an hour away from ANn Arbor um but I'm back and forth, you know I go visit all my friends are still there so I'll go visit visit them whenever I can. Yeah.
wow. The
current quarterback?
wow. Okay.
It's super
wow
man, that makes you think I have not been keeping up with football this year at all,
like they're
playing
disappointed. I try not to claim them because they disappoint me every year but it's fine
but
yeah he's gonna have to make some changes but
Yeah, I'm trying to hang in there too and support him but it's been a rough few years for him for sure, you know whatever. Um Trying to think, I had other questions but
I can't remember anything now. Um Let's see. So what are your plans for the holiday?
No. Uh huh. Just
the hot season in general.
Yeah I understand your,
glad that you can see them though, that you can spend a little bit of time with them now that the pandemic is, I'm not saying it's getting better but you know it's
different than
it
was.
Yeah. Um But yeah
I
am the youngest. Um Yeah we're all spread out. I have eight siblings. Yeah it's a lot. Um but everybody lives different places, most of them in michigan. Um So we might do a little get together, we did like a Halloween little family party so we'll probably do something for at least thanksgiving. Um But christmas I don't know, I have one brother that's living in texas right now, so might try to convince him to fly up here and visit or whatever because I don't get to see him very much every year. But but yeah, we'll probably have like a little get together just dinner. I don't know maybe you find a movie on Disney Plus or something and are the movie theaters open there for you?
The arm?
Oh man. Yeah michigan is still like shut down.
Yeah I mean I'm somewhat grateful for it like I don't mind it at all. Um Yeah I don't even think even if they were open I don't know if I would be comfortable going to a movie theater just yet but you know.
Uh huh. So okay for like do you separate people, have you gotten rid of like slot machines? Some people like farther apart
like
What
I
think.
okay wow. Yeah
I heard that they reopened the casinos downtown in Detroit. Um I haven't been there yet but yeah I have a friend who actually works with a casino also when he was talking they've reopened and are trying to do some new things. Uh
I'm wondering when you would all reopen because I just had a friend turned 21 a couple months ago and she was like I need to go to Vegas right now it's like I don't even know if they're open but
okay I'll
wow. Yeah so you have a casino opens? Are you still doing like shows? Like I know celebrities come and do shows and stuff are
they doing them?
that seems cool
wow. I'm
I'm surprised at how quickly like the world is getting back to normal I'm grateful for it though you know?
Oh yeah. Oh yeah definitely.
very true. Very true. Yeah. Okay. Another question. Okay. Um
Okay what are your hobbies? What are some things you like to do
my talk? Mhm. Okay.
hey
I like cooking too. What kind
of things
do you like to?
All right. Nice. Did your wife like cooking too?
No.
Yeah that's nice. You said you had a dog? What kind of dog do you have?
Mhm
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah wash. Oh my gosh,
what's his name?
Gosh so precious wow I've never had a dog but I'm
planning
on it.
I
What greatly,
mean
I've been looking like being a chocolate leg kind of
trying
to go towards the big dogs but small dogs are so cute. Oh my gosh, bobby Mhm.
alright, I every time
I know
it,
thanks.
yeah yeah I get it man. She really are the timer. 11 minutes. Ok. Uh huh.
Yeah. Ooh um so I I played video games like that um not professionally or anything just you know casually. Um and I'm kind of like a nostalgic person, so I have like older game systems like we um Xbox 3 60 Nintendo ds, all that stuff. Um And I do like pc gaming too. Um So yeah I've been trying to do that because I've had all this extra time during quarantine, so
not
true.
Uh What we see um I don't know, I played a lot of assassin's creed. Um Also I play I play all the Mario games at any one of them. Super Mario bro's um super smash bro's. Super Mario galaxy, all of that. Um Let's see I play um I've been recently recently playing Among us. Do you know that game?
What
is that? Everyone has user names so you don't
have to
rely on the colors too much but if you have a group of friends um that could download the app I definitely recommend from, it's very fun. Um So yeah I've been playing a lot of games with my friends lately. Um So yeah doing that. Um What else?
Oh I asked about the movie theater thing because I love movies like that's just my thing right? So I have all the streaming services you know since the movie theaters closed and they're not releasing any new movies really. I had to have something that you have a backup so um there's that what else? I like to travel quite a bit, I've been a few places I've gone to spain twice. Um I studied abroad there last year for a month. Um So I stayed with a host family, took some class arse alona, yeah, yeah, the first time was Madrid and segovia, and the second time was Barcelona. Um And I'm actually planning a trip to go back to Barcelona and whatever I can whenever it's safe to again, whether that be next year, the year after. Um But yeah, I have a lot of other places I'm trying to go, really want to go to Italy for the food, um really want to go to paris. I got stuck there um on a layover situation and I was too scared to go to the city, so I stayed at the airport. Um Well yeah, so that's kind of me. Um Oh, another thing I completely forgot, I'm also a makeup artist. Um So I was recently doing this whole like Halloween makeup look thing, I did 31 days of Halloween makeup looks um and posted them on instagram, so that took up all my time in october but it was really fun, did some crazy looks and I enjoyed it.
No, I didn't
talk. Uh huh
Yeah.
What?
Four?
Yeah, that's definitely on my list. Mhm.
I was like what? But I forgot you're much farther tonight. Okay.
Yeah.
What part
of
Mexico did you say you were going
Cancun? Ok. Yeah. Oh you're going to love that. Have you been to Mexico before?
Nice, very nice. Yeah, um I stopped in Cancun for on a cruise once so I haven't been there very long, but it was nice when I was there for the couple hours I was but
I'm sure gonna love that. How many, how long are you going? Like a week or something or
that'll be nice. It's nice. Yeah,
we
are.
Actually.
met.
Yeah. It's
rough to think like if the cruise industry will ever be able to come back from this.
Yeah. Man, I just saw like an article yesterday saying that some cruise line, I don't know which one. Um, it's like looking for volunteers essentially to go on the cruise, uh, the industry going again. But I don't know this will see.
But yeah,
I don't know. Like
my concern is okay, once this vaccine comes out, like how are you going to convince everyone to get it or enough people to get it to, you know, trigger her immunity or whatever? Like because
I'm
sure that a lot of people
who
are
Yeah, definitely hoping for that. Um Yeah. I just don't even know what's going to happen problem, but no. Welcome for the best.
Very true. I definitely know that. Um Wait, but you said you you like shopping too, right? Do you do a lot of online shopping? I mean I guess so because of you know what's going on?
That's my
That
What?
What?
Help.
Yeah. I just recently went to one of the malls here just to like just to be out and do something. Uh Yeah. We walked around went to the Adidas store Nike store, all that stuff. It was so nice. Like I haven't been able to do that since
february I guess. Um But yeah, and I feel like amazon has been taking all of my money these past because like I just why go to a store when you can buy something with one click on run. Yeah. It's been from pretty cool shopping. I'm in pretty bad in my bank account but
pretty. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Men and a half
left.
Right. I mean hey. Yeah, I just I just bought these headphones because why not?
You know.
Ooh
I got
after that. Yeah.
Got him.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, I'm excited. They're not that they're not doing black friday how it used to be
you having to get up at two am waiting lines like
it was fun.
I love that everything
is online. I can plan it out beforehand. Exactly. Want to get and that's it.
Right? And it's starting now. Like so many places have deals
already. Yeah. So I don't have to wait until then like. Yeah it's
tv
target
Yeah it's a great deal again. Okay. Well my timer has gone up. I don't know if you want to talk for just a little.
You still there? Okay.
Oh it cut out for a second. Sorry.
Okay. I can hear you. Yeah.