good, how are you?
I'm Michel
nice to meet you. Is this your first time doing this?
same with me. It's
I know recently that my dog whenever he hears people talking so he is
now
you
can't
see
him but
you might.
But yeah this is actually my fourth one. So yesterday was supposed I think they said recently that four was the most you can do and so I was like I'll do another one. Um And then yesterday morning nobody showed up so I decided to try again.
I don't know. I think so for when when they sent to me. So I had done it. Yeah I had done it a few times in past ones and trying to remember where I got the note but it just said you know to um if you have done for that you shouldn't try to get matched again so.
I was gonna say I think mine was pretty much the same
same kind of thing. Yeah.
interesting.
My first, my first one was a man. Um but everyone, everyone, since then it has been a woman, so.
yeah. Maybe or maybe more women are willing to
have the
conversation.
I don't know. It's a
um I am in Arizona,
I
live in a suburb of phoenix. Where are you?
Oh, what part of texas?
Okay. Yeah. I uh didn't live there long, but I lived in Dallas for work for eight months. So
when
I was right out of college, I did actually, I really did. It was, it was a bit of an adjustment. I grew up in southern California. Uh huh. So it was a bit different and it's weird to say this now, but texas was like the hottest place I had lived at that point And I've been there in this number and so it was just the humidity and I was like, why is it 105 Now? of course today, like 113th?
Um It's mostly dry though this time of year today it's a little more humid. We, uh so we sometimes get monsoon storms and so that makes it a little humid. Sometimes. Usually
usually that The worst of the heat doesn't come with the humidity, it can still be like 105 and humid, but we usually don't get 115 and humid.
Thanks dad. But the storms, it's interesting and sometimes the storms usually blow through it either overnight or later in the day always. But yeah, so I usually my my dog and I try to walk, but we get up at like six to walk.
I know. I'm, I'm not a morning person so it's sometimes hard I set my alarm for six, but sometimes it takes me a while to get going.
No,
it's
OK.
I don't know. I hate that.
How
For now.
Yeah. It's weird. I have lived in Arizona 13 years
and
still
have
not
been
to the Grand Canyon.
Yeah. I think the hard part is like this time of years, I I'm a college teacher and so summers I have a lot of time off but I'm like, it's way too hot. I don't want to go. No, no, it's not hot. It's not as hot there as it is here. Just not wanting
to to the other
and
then I'd
love
to go
in
the winter, but then I'm always worried
about so,
you know.
Yeah. I think it really does depend. Yeah.
Have you traveled much before then or?
Yeah.
Look,
My place.
Yeah. Yeah. So one of my, one of my goals is to visit Each of the 50 states.
And
I,
So I started keeping a list, so I would remember. And so I've been to 32, so
18
left.
But
now, uh, so
most
of those are the midwest, like north Dakota, South Dakota Montana Nebraska Wyoming. And then some of the southern states, like I haven't been to florida
Mississippi
Alabama.
Why not?
Yeah. I think it's gonna have to go to the region and then just go around to different places. Yeah.
filter.
Yeah. I know it's the only time sometimes I don't count airports, uh, because it's a little weird, but I, when I, so I moved from Dallas back to California, not where I grew up at a different place for work and my mom and I drove, so we drove through New Mexico and that's the only time I've really been to Mexico though. So we stayed in el paso, which is right on the border of New Mexico and texas. And then we made a couple of stops at like, just like touristy like shops and stuff. But like sometimes I usually like to go somewhere that's a little more interesting. Or Mato Mexico, I'd like to go back to, I think if, if I get to all the other states, it would be nice to have something a little more meaningful and new Mexico then a gas station with a shop.
various.
Yeah, I have,
yeah, I have not been to Idaho, that's one of the ones too. Yeah, I have a couple of friends from high school that live in Montana now um But yeah and they looking at their pictures and hearing all their stories, it's really, really pretty, but I just haven't haven't made it there yet.
Yeah.
I am, so I teach at a stray, a mountain community college, so it's a two year college. Um Yeah, so we're, I were, so university of Arizona is in Tucson, so that's south of us and the state
university
that's here. No, it's just, it's just hard, every state is so different.
Uh And then here we have Arizona state like in California, it's so confusing because we have so many state universities, we have the state universities and then we have the university of California system. So and then Arizona is a lot smaller, there are only three public universities in the whole state. Yeah.
Yeah, they have private private universities that pop up periodically, but only the three public ones. Uh huh.
Yes, so I uh phoenix Arizona state. Um And yeah, so and I I teach at the community college, most of our students end up transferring to Arizona state, but some of them go to the University of Arizona, some of them go out of state and some of them go to some of the private schools. But but yeah, so so it's uh it's an adventure so especially now.
Um So we pretty much at our our spring break was in the first week of March 1st or second week of March and pretty much in the middle of our spring break. Uh They said uh so they actually for ours um they canceled classes um for our students the week we were supposed to come back and as we, we still had to go back to try to figure out what we were going to do, but we're actually only, most of us were a little nervous about being in person, so we were only there for like one or two days and then we all started working from home. So yeah,
and
then now we're going back and fall, we are also going to be mostly remote there. Yeah, Arizona is not one of the better places to be right now right now we have a, It's so you just slow down for a while, but now it's like every day there's over 3000 new cases and so it's a little a little crazy. So uh they've pretty much said only programs that have requirements to be in person,
like some of our lab science classes or we have a culinary program very
same.
so um those they're going to try to do as best they can, they're probably going to split the classes into smaller groups and those types of things, but the rest of us we're gonna teach either remotely kind of like this or um we'll do it just strictly online, so
and they
said
um it's a little more challenging cause I don't normally teach online, I usually I thought I teach math. Um students are already really nervous most of time with Bath and online make them a little more nervous and I like to do a lot of hands on things, so I like I teach, I teach a variety of classes, but a lot of the classes we have, one of the topics we cover is probability. And so I like them to roll dice and play with cards and it's a little hard to do that because I mean I can do something virtually but it's not always the same. Mhm So it's just trying to wrap my head around all of the things that having to deal with but I I kind of it's been stressing me out but I decided that I just needed to uh huh let go of like perfection and just do the best that I can and we'll get through this semester. Yeah.
Yeah
you have
Well
okay
that's nice.
that's
bye.
That would be so I know it's hard enough now just like not I mean not letting them go to school or whatever I can't even imagine. Yeah that's right but I know I know having watched some tv shows where they were following things in other countries You know that sometimes they were like you can only go out on Thursdays from 1-3 not
to be
your
I think it was. Yeah so the south american countries were like that. Yeah.
Yeah it's been like here it's really big. I don't know Arizona is just weird in general but uh most people there are in the beginning and not a lot of people well in the very beginning not a lot of people took it seriously. Then our governor did kind of issue a stay at home order and during that most people were pretty good. But then um that was only my nose
which is uh
yeah but once the stuff started opening people were like everywhere and not really taking a whole lot of precaution which is why I think it kind of had the searches and now some people take it seriously and others still don't seem to really. Yeah but definitely a lot more people out and about, which is kind of surprising because usually when it's this hot there aren't as many people out anyway. But I think now now that people are stuck at home working or they just, they want to go out more and so there's a lot well out.
Yeah pretty much. You know it seems like a lot of the countries that did do a little bit more of that have been able to mitigate the situation a little bit better.
I really,
I think
then
Didn't
help.
Yeah. I don't think.
Yeah. Right. Maybe china.
Well yeah I know that they were like really really strict like they were. I know I read a story I'm trying to remember, I think it was like an american who was living living there and like they like someone of their kids was sick and they didn't know if it was uh covid or something else, but they were like and they had been renting a place to stay um and they were like trying to hide their sick child because they were so worried that that he was gonna get taken away and like just but somewhere where they couldn't be with him and it was like just because they were so strict about anybody that's showing any kind of illness symptoms, they just kind of yeah, they just we're like there is no there's no uh no in between, no we don't care how old you are, what you're doing,
huh.
Around.
my
gosh.
wow.
yeah I had a I had a friend whose husband worked in china for a while and so she obviously moved with him
but hearing some of the, I think they were um because they were americans working for an american company that just had a operations there, they had a few more freedoms than most chinese citizens, but still it was having to deal with, they had to deal with so much and I was like hearing her stories, I'm like yeah I don't think I've ever want
to be there
so I mean they were somewhat lucky that some of their like they could do like uncensored google searches and and those types of things but just being able to to go out and feel safe sometimes was difficult or the building that they lived in. Um I know she had she actually had her first child there
which was a little
nerve
wracking because it was not yeah it was
not the same
so and she was without her parents, she was there just with her with her husband and didn't have family. Um But I think it was just it was just a kind of think the like the living accommodations um we're just very different. Um And I mean they made some friends and and those types of things but I think like even traveling within the country was harder for them. Um
And
then yeah yes language for sure. Um But but I know she had a hard time so she was a middle school teacher but when she moved there she didn't work and so it was just her husband working and but that was before she had kids. So I know for her she was when she did she did go out and explore a little bit, but I think she was a little more like a woman, not, you know, a foreign woman by myself and so she did billion. A whole lot.
Right. So so yeah, I don't know. I I think sometimes like china has been one of those places where I'm like, yeah, I'm not so sure about you're saying because I do like that, I do like to travel and I have traveled a variety of different countries. I was not necessarily high on my priority
list
right now. He's not right now.
Um so have been to the UK that was more and more and more more recently. So we went to uh I always signed up, I went with some friends that I, that I worked with. So it was kind of a whirlwind tour.
But we started in Ireland and then we buried across and we drove through whales and then or in Scotland and then ended in, so we came, we went down, we spent some time in London and then went to don't Hinge but only
for like a few hours.
Not anymore. Yeah, so and then uh I have been to Switzerland France, the Netherlands Belgium uh Costa rica Mexico Mexico Canada Norway or it was the most recent. I went, I went to Norway just over the new year. So my
mom, my mom always wanted to see the Northern Lights and I do too and I neither of us had seen them. And so she started researching trips and she she actually had planned to go on her own. Um and so when I asked her when she was going, she uh she said early january. And since it worked with my school schedule I decided to go with her. But unfortunately the weather didn't cooperate and we didn't get to see them. So
yeah I think she's been was so we of course then before before everything crazy happened with the lockdowns and stuff, we thought about going next March during my spring break somewhere where we could see them. Um And then now that this has all happened, my mom is 78. So she's like I'd like to go Are actually 79. She just turned 79. So uh you know we she's like I'd like to go again but now with everything going on and you know the health risk for her she's like I don't know but she started looking and it looks like she's trying to look for more places in the US that might be possible because it's a little bit a little
bit easier and not as long to travel for her.
No, we're not, no, he's not, not right now.
I
know.
Yeah.
You know
that's
so crazy.
Yeah. Yeah, I know that. It's not like I had any plans to
be going
anywhere,
but but when they, when they tell you you can't go somewhere, I mean I just started
thinking about those things, you're like, I'm kind of stuck here, but when I am, so my, my mom and my mom still lives in California and my sister and my brother in law, my nephew live with her currently. Uh so usually in the summers I go visit them, but because Arizona has been a little crazy. I I haven't just because
I worry
about
her, I don't I haven't been sick, but I who knows who I've been around her, those,
no.
Like.
I mean,
And the hard, yeah, that was I I kind of plan to do that with my dog. It's really hard
because like, Because if I don't walk him on
but he's not
young,
young
Greens three and he had a lot of energy and he also is, he loves other people and dogs. So trying to keep him away from people is really challenging. And some of my neighbors, you know, I I do my best to avoid them, but he was just like, you know, we turn a quarter if there's someone coming, he's like, oh, I want to see them and At him and I was just like, Okay. So, so I felt like it was like, all right, we're starting to 14 days over again. And so I just decided like this is I would just
so part
Yeah. Yeah. So he's had a rough time and more people now are like, we all try to keep our distance just because it has been so bad. So it's a little bit a little bit easier. But he's still when he sees other dogs, even if they're far away, he will heal sometimes, like he'll stop and he'll refuse to move,
hoping that they'll come close. So
it's
just really, really hard. Yeah,
because he used to and I think the hard thing for him when I would go to work, I would take him to daycare. So he would play with other dogs during the day when I was gone and out. He hasn't been to daycare or play with other dogs in months. And so he's really feeling the the separation. So Yeah, so it's hard for him. But yeah, it was one of those things where, and then to my with, so because my sister and brother in law and my nephew are living with my mom, uh it gets a little crowded in the house and uh and and with them because the cooking and trying not to go out, it gets a little crazy. So I figured with with Uh five of like five people and the dog and my mom has cats would be a
little
crazy. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So we, we decided that uh, so I decided that uh, when I start, so when I teach my, a lot of my classes actually happened over the first eight weeks of the semester and then the second half, I only have classes. So um, silly. We're still doing remote, which is what we're, my classes are, will be remote. I'm thinking about going for an extended time around the holidays. Like maybe I'll go for thanksgiving and stay all the way through christmas.
I could
do my
classes
from there. Yeah. So, so we're just trying to find other ways to do it well. Yeah. Yeah.
Very good.
Good to chat with you and I hope you have a great rest of your day.
All