Yeah. Earlier I can still see you in the camera. No I can't. Yeah. Yeah. Hi, how are you? But
good. My name is Marie
Michelle, Nice to meet you.
It's not actually um I've done it a few times. In fact I was supposed to do one yesterday but they didn't turn up.
you've done it before too? Yeah. Okay.
No
you
can't
see
him.
Device
be it but
yeah. So is it for per session like per weekly session or overall?
I think this is my fourth I believe. I did one at a time you know a couple of months ago and then another one and then I did one last week and then you so.
Oh it's funny.
Yeah. You know what I was thinking? I never was matched with a man. I don't know if they normally match what
you did you talk?
I was thinking maybe more women do this kind of thing. You know the survey? Yeah.
Get
on
the camera. Yeah.
So where are you? Were you based?
Come
on.
I'm in texas
North East about 45 minutes from Dallas. But in the country. Yeah.
did
you like it?
Oh yeah. Arizona's hotter, right? And but dry? Very dry is it?
So that's why I
105 in humans. Pretty bad though.
Yeah. I've been doing that to the last few weeks. You know walking not six more like seven or you know Between seven and 8 before it gets too hot.
Sorry I've got something in my eye.
I don't
know
what it is. Um
I have been to Arizona we um in november we did a tour around and we went to New Mexico Arizona Nevada, We went to the Grand Canyon four
corners, all all of that and I was really glad we did it then before you know. Yeah
well because of the weather but also you know the lockdown and all that we got that in. That was good. So
you
haven't
been
to
the grand
cake?
Oh no you have to go.
together
and
then
I'd like
to go
in the
winter.
Wait.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Actually we met some Australians when we went to on that whole trip. I think we were in New Mexico at that point and they had been at the Grand Canyon and they were saying yeah it was really cold but then when we were there it was beautiful it was it
was sunny and you know you didn't need a coat so it just depends on the day I suppose.
Yeah so
um Yeah. Well I'm from, I don't know if you can hear, I'm from the UK, Yeah,
you can tell them not from texas. Yeah and lived in spain and then moved
here five years ago and since we've been here we've traveled around quite a bit, mainly kind of the south, you know over to florida, Louisiana and all that and a bit around texas and then we did that trip Tennessee
better Georgia but not the east coast and not California, Washington Oregon, any of that or Alaska, that would be great. What about you?
yeah. How many do you think you've
been
to?
so
you're more than halfway
there, Mm and where are the
18th?
I had
roast enough.
we're not,
this is
what they have. Oh that's good, you could do that
all in one go. Kind of, you know. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean from texas, we've driven to Orlando a few times because my sister has been here and she always kind of, And we hate Orlando, it's horrible. But you know, to see my sister and I think it's like about a 10 or 12 hour drive from here and you go through about five
states, so Yeah.
Yeah, I know, because when you said about Montana and all that, we've been to, one of our trips was actually to Canada. We drove, I forgot about that.
We drove all the way up to Alberta and then across and then down, we went to uh, Saskatchewan and drove down so well, like went through the Dakotas, but hardly, you know, it was like that just kind of stopping, you know, to eat or whatever, but did see a bit of Montana, that's beautiful and Idaho
Idaho is gorgeous.
there's plenty of time. Yeah.
And so how do you like Arizona? Are you, are you are you sorry, you're at the University of Arizona?
shows
what I know.
I know.
Yeah.
interesting.
yeah. So were you working from home then before the summer? Yeah.
And what about
now?
Well,
can't really do
that from home. Yeah.
And
how do you
find it?
Exactly. Yeah. Um
Well I also teach my T E S. L. And yeah, and I was teaching from home anyway and home schooling, so
didn't really change for me very much. Yeah, and my students
are all in spain because that's where I used to live. Yeah.
So
it was interesting comparing our lockdown to the lockdown in Spain. I'm so glad that to be here you know. Oh totally because we live in the countryside so we were always able to go out as much as we wanted and to drive places and you know we could get our shopping, we could get food even if we wanted. You know it was quite free in Spain. They couldn't leave their houses. Yeah they were really
they were allowed to go out only not even to do exercise for the first I think two months they could only go out to go to the supermarket or the pharmacy or the doctors and the kids were not allowed out at all. Children not allowed
out can you imagine?
that's right
I think
Panama, Panama or chili one of
Yeah One of them had like men can go out on a Tuesday and women can go out on a Wednesday, you know? It was like that. Yeah, I think we were quite lucky. Mhm.
That
means you're going to have a fight, you know? You know that old wives tale?
Yeah. Well, I mean people can only stay in for so long. You know, I always said from the very beginning, um That people should have to stay at home completely like 100% for two weeks. You know, everybody like they say, Okay, you've got 24 hours to get all the food that you need for two weeks and then you don't go out. But the way that they did it was people had to stay in most of the time, but everyone went out a little bit so now no one really knows you know who's infected So. Yeah
Not really because in Spain
but
I mean in
Spain they didn't keep them in 100% either. You know they could still go out to the supermarket so I don't think any country
did 100%
except for China.
Maybe.
Have you seen what they did in china like they welded people in?
I don't know I would not ever since I saw a video it was going around the Internet about 10 years ago maybe. I don't know if you've seen it but it was a little girl. It was like um C. C. T. V. You know it showed a little
girl she was knocked over by a truck and instead
of instead of them getting out to help her they actually reversed over her again. I know
it gets
worse. No it gets worse honestly. Then people started to drive around her like car after car and bike and everything and then eventually yeah I'm not joking you can find it it's going around and then a woman helped her but she didn't even you know stop and go oh you ok pick her up. She kind of dragged her off the road like a sack of potatoes. Yeah
and that's when I said I could never ever I couldn't if there's such a lack of concern for. Yeah.
No. No
Like
what? Can you remember anything?
What's
that
like?
I
can imagine.
The
language.
And probably really stuck out you know like they can tell she's not from there.
That's not number
one here.
Where have you been?
So
Stone
Hand. It's not very exciting. I went there once and that was all I could spend their, you just walk around. You can't even get to the stones anymore.
Gosh.
no.
Well,
well, we're not allowed to go to europe now anyway.
But I mean, you
know,
like Canadian, I think Canadians can, but we can, you know. Yeah. So
I can't go home, I can't
go
to spain.
Yeah, It's crazy.
You
need
them.
Like what?
I'm
worried
about.
Well,
I think, you know the asymptomatic thing, it's only a certain amount of time. If you have, if you are positive and you have no symptoms, then you've got
to either get symptoms or it's gone, you know, within about five days I think, two weeks maximum. If you wanted to go
you could, but you'd have to quarantine before.
No,
this one
it's not.
No.
No.
It's really hard
because you're fighting, you know, we are social people and dogs are social, just not a natural situation to be in right now.
Well.
you
think?
Yeah.
my
goodness.
I understand.
because you could do your classes from there, so that's
good,
isn't
it? Yeah.
it's the time the time is up right, It's been
to talk to you.
Thank you the same to you. Okay,
bye.