Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
Good.
How
about
you? Cool. I like your shirt.
I have. I've talked to one person and three people didn't show up. So you're my second I've talked to
and I'm excited.
Yeah. Yeah. I like them.
huh. Well, um I'm immuno compromised so my summers consisted of seeing the inside of my house exclusively. How about
you?
Oh, yeah. Well, yeah, I'll go, there's there's among restaurant, but I'll go and you order and then you um, sorry,
you order and then you um you wait for them to bring it to your car, so that'll do, but but yeah, where do you, where
are you
from?
I
mean
But yeah. Help.
Thank you
We've
had
it in the Yeah. Oh my God,
that's terrible.
Yeah. High eighties, nineties.
It's terrible for here. Yeah.
Yeah. The Dells are
amazing.
like a it's I'm from the south and it's as close to like a myrtle beach type of situation as you can get in the midwest
south
Carolina, yep.
Uh Yeah. Um I was born in Georgia and then lived in Washington state texas, sugar land texas, and
then um south Carolina and then Wisconsin.
Mhm. I think like a year. It was
wrong. No. When did spawn
Yeah.
that would be nice. It's I think the thing that I the only thing I don't like about, you know like Green Bay is the fact that like I love s ethnic food and we just don't have that many options. Well we have, you know, the variety of asian food, but we don't have like Ethiopian,
you know, some of the Middle Eastern tude,
you know greek. We don't have greek here. Yeah.
Perfect.
that would be amazing. Yeah, I like that kind of stuff.
Yeah. Oh my God. Yes. I am so sad that the Indy I can't go to the indian buffet because indian food is so expensive that you know, it's prohibitively expensive to be able to try more than one thing.
So
I know I know us and I have no idea when it will be safe for me. Like after there's a vaccine, it'll be safe for me to do stuff like that again. But until then, no.
Yeah my doctor said no stores, no restaurants,
no contact people and groceries are all delivered. So that's what I've been looking so forward to these little chats sessions, you know that somebody else to talk to. Yeah.
Yeah. You look like you were at an office.
That's cool. It's nice and dark. Was amazing.
All
Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Cool. But let me think uh whatever
animal
crossing.
I
like
I started over, I got bored and then started over.
yeah, my last one was I had a bunch of the different colors of flowers that you could, you know, like the the rare colored flowers, like the black roses, the purple roses and all that stuff. But um I probably shouldn't have started over.
Okay. I don't know, I'm getting bridges built to every part. The last island there weren't there was like one bridge.
Thank
you.
Yeah, I used to focus mostly on uh
upgrading my house and by the most close I can, but this time I'm playing as a boy and
No, no, exactly, I barely have any clothes and I don't really care about upgrading the house, so, you know. Yeah, it's kind of, it's a lot, it's a lot different playing experience that way. Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm.
Thank
you.
I'm
nothing.
Mhm. That's funny. Yeah.
Yeah. I really, I feel like that games more centered towards women in certain ways. As far as the clothes go, a lot of the closer our dresses and skirts and, you know.
Came
back.
But
What's
I love
symptoms.
Uh huh. I know. I almost wish you could control the sims like you can animal crossing
where you can walk
that way instead of having to point at something and then they do it.
Yeah.
And then,
Oh, I was scared to say I kind of wish part of animal crossing was more like harvest moon where you could have like, I know they're going to add the crops, but I wish you could do all of that kind of stuff and that you could cook and you could cook some of the fish that you um catch and stuff like that.
No, I didn't. Uh
Star
do valley.
Cool. I'll have to do that. Yeah. Um I got into animal crossing because my therapist told me because I'm, I've got a lot of anxiety and he said that that's an amazing game for anxiety.
no, it isn't an amazing though how this is like completely changed your outlook on life,
you know?
It's
all.
Yeah,
I know. I know. I hope it does
too.
I know. No, I don't know. I give it a year from start to finish.
I
know.
No.
Yeah I know. I know. I got to hope and it's good. It's a you know it's a dead virus inside the vaccine so that more people can take it. Mhm.
Because people
Yeah. Um like the measles vaccine or the shingles vaccine there live
so
people like me can't take those.
Yeah and I actually can't be around people who have been taken those for three days because I could get those two from
them because they they shed the virus. Um But if it's a dead vaccine I can have
it
which is nice. Yeah. Yeah. Sign
up. I will take it in a second.
No.
No.
Another yeah, I know what what worries me is they keep saying that there's gonna be a vaccine but then you know the other the other stars that came out a few years ago, they don't have a vaccine for that.
I don't think we did. I think it just died out eventually. You know and they're like those um like they're those viruses that come from animals that go into people. You know, I can't think of what they're called. Um but you know a lot of them don't have vaccines like AIDS was that kind of a virus and that doesn't have one Ebola. Was that kind of virus? I don't believe there's a vaccine for that either. Yeah and that's been around for decades. So what worries me about them saying hey we're gonna have a vaccine. All this stuff is what is what is this different
from
the
other?
Remember.
I hope, I hope not. Yeah. Yeah.
huh.
I haven't actually been able to work for about a year and a house. Yeah. So I just do surveys and stuff. Yeah. I have actually got a bachelor's in engineering and I Got sick about seven years ago and it took them about three to figure out that I had stomach square derma and
it's an autoimmune disease that affects basically everything. And um you know, like I'm always in pain, never feel good, tired all the time. But like the biggest thing that caused me not to be able to work was the effect of my brain. I have very little ability.
Like I'm very slow at processing um
basically can't do math anymore at all. And um memory problems that are terrible. So.
Oh it is. I applied for disability and I'm still waiting to hear. It takes a long, long time.
I applied, let me see.
So if I've been a work a year and a half, I applied the year before that. Okay so I've gone through a few appeals but that's how it works
though.
Yeah he does. It is a long way. You've got a fight for it sometimes. Yeah. Even though what I have is on their list of stuff that should be automatically qualifying still. And Wisconsin is a really hard state till you get disability through.
they fight it. Yeah.
and if they turn me down this time it's a federal appeal which is scary.
Is this a lot harder? Yeah.
I bet I bet I'm better drop in the heads than I am Wisconsin.
Very conservative government
here. I think texas is too,
though. Mhm. Okay. Yeah,
But Hey,
and then mhm I don't
know.
Mhm. Thank you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah. And I'm really hoping we get another one definitely. What
do you do?
nice.
That's
fun.
Cool. High
school
College. Nice.
In in class or online?
Take
my
Do
Well, that's
good.
Yeah. I tried taking a math class online in college and had to drop it.
I've got
to do face
to face.
No.
yeah. Yes. Mm hmm. I had a, my great, great uncle taught at texas A and M. Down there.
Yeah, It was a job.
I don't know. Okay,
cool,
Cool.
I have not I've never that
I
wouldn't
mind
seeing
to
test.
I love I love college. Yeah.
I went to University of Wisconsin stout. Yeah.
They're a good school. Um There a polytechnics um school now which is good. They've got they were designated that after they got more tentacled engineering and
you
know.
Yeah. They have other stuff
but.
Oh.
I heard that. That's a party school.
nice
thanks. I can't remember if you couldn't sell
it or not.
No.
cheese kurds are great. Yeah. Yeah. Like there's I love it when they squeak. Yeah.
What
was
Yeah. Yeah. Those are gonna burn the hell out of you though if you
eat
them too
Yeah. Like I don't like them dipped in anything either.
Just playing.
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. Medicine. I like medicine have been very often, but it's it seems like a nice little little, I don't know. Kind of hippie town people singing on the side of the street and okay.
And stuff like
that.
Man.
Mhm. Yeah. Well um my nominee was a small town. I'm trying to think of. There weren't many people in that town at all until school was in session and then it doubled the population.
Yeah. Yeah. It's um it's a different name than the town because it was, it was a private school. It started off as a private women's college back in the 1800s
and the
next
thing.
Yeah, build things were pretty old.
Kind of,
I don't think. Mhm. Kind it did kind of, I don't know. Yeah
not as liberal arty as I wanted but
no. Yeah. Yeah. They were a little more serious.
Yeah.
I gotta feed my friends cat. Yeah.
There's no second to you too.
Me too. Me too. Yeah. I hope that for both of us.
Yeah.
Yeah. I know. I know mankind needs the vaccine.
Well nice
meeting
you.