lou of the kind.
Not
too
bad.
yeah, Thank you. So have you done that before? Yeah.
I can.
You're my second as well. I did one and then the last two I tried, people didn't show so pretty similar.
Yeah, it's not too bad. Uh your summer going?
pretty
similar. I mean I'm not in my house anymore, but I will help it in place for about three months or so just going out to the grocery store remotely occasionally picking things up from restaurants. Yeah.
that's okay.
I'm
in
texas, not from there originally,
but
I've been here for a while. What you Wisconsin? Okay,
so it's a little cooler there than probably then
the way hurt there, It's like 100°
every day
here.
We've
had some cooler days like when its range, but yeah, that's kind of what the effect. How about you?
That's pretty hard drive.
Yeah, my wife went with our family to like the mills. I want to over water passes. Yeah.
She
loved it before. Yeah.
Is that virginian?
South
So that's where you grew up? Oh
Absolutely.
How long did you live in the Netherlands?
Not that wrong.
we were actually just, they're fairly recently. Yeah. Yeah. Houston.
Um it's far, there's a lot of like different restaurants and look out there. Traffic is awful. Yeah.
President.
absolutely.
I'm in I'm in a city that gets large enough that we have a little bit of everything. It's like you're doing young restaurant. It's not, you know, not necessarily all that good Houston and there's like every
street corner you can try like three different nationalities, food.
Yeah, me too. I'm really a big fan of indian food like.
Yeah. That's the best thing to do. But
you can try a little bit of every dish.
Yeah. It's really rough time. I mean there's so much uncertainty. You just don't know how long you have to wait,
you know?
I mean like I'm at work but there's hardly anybody here and we're supposed to like stay in our office and not if you work for each other. Yeah.
I am right now.
Yeah. I closed the board but I thought they were
like that that would probably just be destructive. Yeah.
But even what we've been doing, real guitar had a lot of money.
My
wife has been doing actually. I got your island
pretty well
developed at this point.
She's doing all this like way advanced stuff now. Like apparently she's got six under her island where she wants to be, so she just like destroyed the ones that appear and like wait I think she's at 4:06 that's randomly waiting each day, her little rock garden to up here and she has gotten really into like the the breeds of flowers, like the whole island is just covered in flour and she's read them guide online about how to like because of giving them. Yeah,
It doesn't matter I guess. The board, why not start a new island? What's your focus on the new 1? Um
You had to hop over the rivers
and
stuff? Yeah.
huh.
so he isn't as interesting important I
Um
I have a 14 year old brother who also plays and that's all she cares about is like getting
the
outfits, Her mom just ends up buying everything
for
her and dropping it off at her door each morning. She's just trying out outfits.
but.
Yeah. I mean my I have so I have three kids, two
sons
and one daughter and my sons play to a little bit. I think a 12 year old who is not as interested but he used to care about games that have called for example, there's a game called Platini a little like shooting game and there's tons of accessories in that game. He loves that. Yeah, but they give
you like a little power up and stuff. So I guess maybe that's what he loves about.
But yeah, and then like my daughter, she, the only other games she plays is the Sims,
which is
like her favorite thing to do. She loves just like building new houses and bring random people in them and we're going about their lives and all that stuff. It's like a grown up doll help or something.
So
skirt.
Yeah. I guess it's because we're hosting more of a stimulation or something. You can directly control them so much. Right?
So what is that?
We'll go ahead, go ahead.
Did you ever play started rally?
Oh you should definitely try it out if you like uh Harvest Moon. He was inspired by that. Yeah, it's on, which I guess you have the switch and it's I think it's relatively cheap like $20 or something like
that. But it's a really good game. Start
New Valley. Yeah. But you forget.
Yeah. I think it's been my biggest relief during the last few months is just being able to go and do that And we had so much time on our hands that we don't feel so guilty about playing game. You have to pass the time somehow. We're in a half of all people. Yeah.
You're definitely,
I mean, I'm hoping that
it
kind of goes back to normal at that point. Yeah.
But
when
we started we had remarked we had just traveled and then word came from my school that like if you traveled, you would spend the next few weeks in quarantine. This was before kind of every school had handled and stuff. Things were just starting to happen. I think we're looking in and so we said, okay, we bought him up the groceries and so we're going to do this two weeks and then you know, we thought maybe another three weeks to be done and it just kept going. Yeah.
Yeah, that's hope. Even that may be optimistic. I don't know,
30 today, it
seems like there's a lot of good news about vaccines lately,
so
I guess
are there different types of vaccines and like everything you think?
Okay. Was it worth
it?
I do not know that. Okay,
No.
I
say whatever.
Right,
Yeah. I mean there's lots of stuff going on so hopefully very soon.
Don't worry that it
will be like the flu where there's you know multiple strains or something and and it's never completely effective. I mean who knows? It's just become something like the group that we just have to deal with every year. That seems what it might be.
So how did they manage to eliminate it just or maybe it's not completely eliminated?
I don't know.
I mean
it's
an interesting thing to look into more. I don't people don't know enough about it. Yes, suppose as much as we are talking about that pain and stuff. Um But I mean I guess
in a lot of ways it seems similar in the way that it no, you think and also I think I've heard it mutating quickly so I don't know. Facebook inc
So you have a uh liner, Do you have a way
to work online?
What?
And
and
That's difficult.
How long you've been waiting? Mm.
No.
That's a long
way.
I see. They just don't they don't want they or they just tied up anymore. What?
I see. And
thank you. Yeah.
Yeah. But at least you'll be going to maybe a different, like, organization,
Sorry.
Death.
certainly.
Right.
No.
Well,
I hope it works out for you,
I guess. Oh, the stimulus maybe
bit. Yeah.
I'm
teacher, yep.
You know, we've been engineering,
I
think a lot of engineering students. Yeah. Yeah.
The
college
We're starting up in a couple of weeks. Yeah.
kind of a hybrid approach. Like I'll see 3rd of my class every day and they'll like go online and learn material each day and then they'll
come into
my class and we asked me commissioners and we'll work on example problems and stuff. There'll be like 10 people you were incorrect. And that way, if something goes wrong and we ended up sheltering in place again or whatever
people are born to, they can still take the whole class. Uh They don't need that. It's
just
that their because students want like to have a face to face experience. Yeah.
It's not enough
to do
because
I mean you're going to have to do it all on your own. You don't have any questions of, you know, at least not easily. I mean
you can ask questions but it's a little bit like remember about a math problem. So we've always been in our department very opposed to teaching online courses just because they were mathematics very well. And now we're gonna worth to just do it. There's no choice. Yeah,
Dog station
in college station. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Have you ever been there?
It's kind of
walk down,
but when
you're close
to
the university
they're gone. Yeah.
Where did you go? You ready today?
I've heard of that before. I've never been there anything.
Like an
engineering
college. Yeah. What
that's
what you went through the engineering college? Yeah. Yeah I've only been to uh
Morning Medicine University. Yeah radisson was funny. Yeah.
Yeah well I went there as an adult but yeah you can buy beer at the student union for example. Uh huh.
Oh
well
you certainly can't do it here and there's
like I remember a mask in front of a jacket morning with this saturday morning that was people remember getting cheese here that.
We have a well we don't have the Texas but where I used to live we had like over 10 restaurants. You're
over
the U. L. V. One. Yeah they have like fried easter. Those are pretty good. Yeah.
He
doesn't
care for sure. Yeah. Mhm.
Okay. Just bring
think I like it with like very soft or something. But I could eat a plane to. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Two
what
I think of is like a classic college town. We go. Yeah. We have that in often here. Yeah. The little liberal
bastion in the middle of a very conservative states. Yeah. Yeah.
Is this where snout is? Okay.
Okay. And then absorbed
into
the
system somehow. Yeah. Just. Oh
yeah. But had like a little uh small liberal arts school to it or something, right?
Don't,
Uh huh.
you said they were becoming more of a school I guess.
Right. Sure. Well, I guess it's 11:25. you probably have a lot more services you want to take, Huh? Yeah.
I'm going to.
was good talking to you?
Have a good day. I hope they come up with the vaccine will soon and you're able to get out of the house eventually.
Yeah, exactly. How far for everyone right
this correctly for people who just can't leave for medical reasons.
That period.
Nice
to meet
you, too. Have a good day. Bye.