Let's see. I can see you.
I can hear you. Can you see me?
So I've tried to do this like three times. Actually you're the first person that I've actually had a chance to talk to.
this particular study like I'll show up each time and I honestly thought it would be the same. I honestly thought that the study was, how many times will you show up?
And I have anyone adopted?
Yeah.
Very weird.
How do you find prolific?
Yeah. Have you ever tried a user testing? It's similar. Uh Well not like this one but it's like basically you they give you a website or something to try out and you just kinda have to like talk about what you see and each time you do it it's about 10 bucks for like 10 minutes. Um So you have to like go through certain screenings for it. But um I've
got
user testing.
Yeah. Yeah. I was like I just got a job but I was unemployed for a bit and I tried them all prolific. Was definitely has been one of the best ones. But user testing was pretty cool too. Or is it?
Yeah. I've like resulted to selling stuff on Ebay doing
random things.
What were you doing for work before?
there a small business? Was it a small business?
Good for them for getting out. But yeah, it's like the lady who bought it.
It
that
congrats,
Well, you have plenty of time to study for
it now.
What?
No.
I'm convinced that a lot, like, I think universities will get to some point where they're just not going to focus on standardized testing.
What do you want to go to school for?
No.
Can you have a little brother who is approaching his senior year in high school and he's interested in psychology, but he doesn't know. And he was asking me a bunch of questions about it today, and I was like, okay. So what is neuropsychology? How does that work?
And?
Can't you
like assessment here?
Okay. And would you just need your masters or would you also need to do your PhD?
I
need some money. Yeah. Yeah, I get that. And uh Sorry. I know I'm asking all the questions. This will be
my last one. And then you can
actually
yeah, me too. Honestly. Um,
what was the question? Oh, so is it only, so do you focus on only brain injuries or is it like also people with like different mental disorders or anything related to myself?
Cattle.
That's cool.
Did you enjoy marriage and family counseling? Is that?
And
cat.
I changed my mind like I'm still changing my mind these days. Yeah.
No I'm old. I had finished my PhD in 2018 and I um yeah I don't want to go back to school any time. Your eyes are so big.
Yeah it was fun.
I mean it was in
there is an implication
it's called International and Comparative Education. So it's more, I was doing international development for a while. I most recently lived in cambodia, moved back in the beginning of this year. Which
apparently it's been perfect timing. Huh?
Yeah. I'm an american now.
I actually tried to do like similar platforms while I was abroad but I could never do it because I guess my I p. Told them that I was out of the country, so they never let me do it. Um But yes, I saw a study international development, and so basically I worked on education projects um like I said most recently in cambodia, but I also lived in Ethiopia for a bit and then I did the Peace Corps in kenya, so that bounced around for a while and now I'm back trying to figure out how to take all of the international experience and apply it to a little, my little hometown. So it's been tricky, but I just started working with the four each year and doing some youth development stuff, so I'm kind of taking a different path, but yeah.
all the plans,
Um I mean in general, so I was still working on the Cambodian project and I was supposed to go back in March and then again in august um and so pretty much right when everyone started to take it on, not everyone, some people started to take it seriously. Here is when um all of the borders were being shut down in most countries and so um I was like about to look my flight back to cambodia and then we got an email that said like only essential travel would be approved
so I couldn't do that. So that slowed like all of my work because it was basically like I was doing some pre work, I would go implement, I was like development assessment and I was going to go pilot it and then come back right up the data um alter it if I needed to and then go back and do a second assessment. Um So all of that changed and I actually moved back to help take care of my sister um And she is in fifth grade and so we went from her going to school in the first couple of months, we were back into you know, home schooling and so that has been quite the change. Um But yeah, it's I think, I mean I feel fortunate obviously like it could be a lot worse. Um I think that like I moved back to be closer to my family, so I've had a lot of time to be close to them.
that's I mean,
yeah, I mean they've grown on. My sister just had a baby um in january, so it's been nice to be around with him, she was like technically essential worker for a while and so then my mom like had to have surgery, so he ended up the baby ended up being with me for like six weeks while I was out of work and it was fun to like take your newborn. Um So yeah, that's the those have been the biggest things and similar to you. Like I had some like as far as my job interview, he kept being pushed back. Similar to your assessment or jerry. Um and so it's just testing my patience and things are thrown out of that. Yeah.
For sure. For sure right now. Um And it's I think we're all just sitting in the unknown right? Like
Trying to make it work.
What what what else are you doing to make money?
You have plenty of time.
It's hard though for
me right now. It's absolutely hard not to be.
Catch him.
site to try. Um I think it's at them A P. P E N. Um Hold on.
Yeah if you go to like mapping projects they have
um I don't know if you use social media but like you can rate ads on instagram for like $9 for an hour.
Um I do that on days on board and yeah it's quick nine bucks but you can also do it on facebook for like 2050 cent for 10 minutes. But they have a variety of projects that you
could choose from. Um Yeah I've tried I've tried quite a few of them. Uh
you
have to be very trusting of these things but you also get to a point where you're like I guess it's worth it.
Yeah. I'm trying to think of some other things. Contact tracing is a thing that all of the States are looking for right now.
There
it
That's
I've never tried that one. Is it like similar to this? Like that
is?
congrats to him,
Thanks.
No.
What does he do?
Well,
I mean
it's not even about being a like a kid at this point, it's like I think I've read that like 50% of the working population is like out of work right now. It's just it's a weird time.
And right,
do you think you would enjoy that?
What?
I
thanks.
That's fair,
thanks.
And something that will give you time to like do the things you enjoy.
Do you think you could ever sell your art? Uh huh,
boyfriend.
okay.
No.
The
Alexis, yeah.
Reno.
What?
All right, So now she has a platform that she can help
promote
people,
It
no,
it,
getting to be inspired to do it.
This is the time to like explore all of the things that you've been thinking about. I mean, why not?
Nice. So are you the kind of artists who would be like sensitive about like showing your work on a social media platform for everyone to
see?
We're
what
it would do it shoot. Yeah,
I don't think so. I think it was just like talk
for
25 minutes and we're almost there. Honestly. Um
more
well, I just started gardening um Thanks to the cove it.
Yeah, Honestly. So we're living in like a duplex right now, so I didn't want to do it here. But I did it at my mom's house um and I just tried out a few things, started, some things from the ceilings and bought some that were already a little bit grown and um I will say that let us is promising I'll do that again. Um cauliflower is not, yeah, it's pretty sad. I mean it was
fun to watch a girl because I couldn't fully process how it happened and then it happened and and it just they like, have you ever seen cauliflower bro?
it basically
it's like a like a stock and then the cauliflower eventually grows in the middle before a long time. It's just believes around it and then it grow in the middle but the leaves uh died off and they're not supposed to, we're supposed to keep it covered so it can be nice and white and healthy looking, but if some too much sun gets to it, it'll kind of dry out and turn yellow and eventually they all just turned yellow. Um I we thought we were planting strawberries but I'm not sure what there is this one big tall one um that my wife got me for valentine's day, she got it from the dollar story and it I thought it was strawberries, maybe a sunflower, it may be something else, I don't know. Um
And yeah,
waiting
to see what comes of that one. Kale was pretty good. Uh It lasted a while killing salad kale and lettuce. Um What else? We had some teeny tiny carrots, very teeny tiny like baby baby baby
here. It's
we just didn't plant them deep enough. Um And so yeah they didn't have enough room to grow so you know learned a lesson there. This was like the trial run um squash, squash and cauliflower now growing. I've never uh we we did those from seats and so it's been fun to like really watch them grow up and um not really sure what's going to come over there all about this big right now. Um there's one more thing but I can't remember
Yeah and I wanted I wanted to grow but like we only did we did raise back gardens and we only did like four little blocks and so I was trying to figure out what to fit in those areas and squashing cucumbers were both like so they were a little bit too big but everything else pretty pretty much fit neatly. Yeah. What
what what what time are we at now?
That's a good question to hold on.
Oh man you're so early.
Sorry,
I appreciate that.
I mean honestly I appreciate you just showing up like Well the last two times if you're on for I think five minutes and they pay you like $2 or something like that
and I was like
I don't know that. Um let me read the instructions
Mhm.
Thanks.
your name is great too. Yeah that is weird. We just like jumped into the conversation.
Yeah. I do wonder if they'll be like like I I always try to think about what are they testing or what are they looking at? And so I do wonder if they're like how much will people talk about Covid in this
conversation?
Yeah. Yeah and it makes sense. I mean it's the one thing that we're all kind of going through together so it's like the top of.
lets
make sure your chat planned and when your conversation is complete or if your conversation gets interrupted or cannot be completed for some reason, please return to this browser tab to continue participating. Okay So you have another one? You have another tab. Open the online survey software. Okay, so we're good on the 25 minutes. Um so if you scroll to the bottom, there's a running time and I think you just click the next arrow.
mm. Hold on. So it's let me let me just make sure. So it's asking how was the technical quality of the video chat? And I say no issues. The quality is good. My partner showed up and then it says how many minutes did your conversation last? So I'm guessing.
Yeah, I think so. I'm just making sure. But yeah, I think we're good
The banana, enjoy that. 15 bucks. All right,
thanks. See you.
Well, I don't but
in Girona.