Yeah, yeah. Okay, for instance. Mhm. Mhm Mhm Yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Uh huh What? Oh yeah. Hi, can you hear me? Uh huh.
Can you hear me?
Yeah, I can see you. I can hear you too. Right.
I really like this study or like uh
I
mean, I can check you into doing this. Are you doing this through like prolific? That's what Okay,
I've never done anything like this before, so I live
like a week ago. Can we have like a video of you? Like sure, whatever.
Um I was on Reddit and somebody had posted something about like, hey, how to make like easy money and I'm like, well, I'm living at home and I am unemployed, so
wasn't
probably yet
user testing. I'm going to break that down because I'm all about making those extra Dellas.
because of Covid, I'm not currently working. So it's like, I want to make extra money because it's like, I'm still spending, but I'm not making
I tried um
facebook marketplace for a little bit and that was a mistake what
before I was working at a restaurant? And to be honest, I didn't lose my job because of Covid, they actually sold the restaurant that I was interesting that so it kind of like, but they sold it like right, when the pandemic started, so like, wow, what awful timing for the people who bought that restaurant? No.
Yeah, it was a family owned, it was a chinese restaurant and a family owned chinese restaurant that they just sold the name and everything else to, I don't know, some other lady.
No kidding, I was like, wow, that is awful, awful timing. And they have been planning to buy it for like a while to,
it had been like six months since you put a down payment on it and stuff and I had seen her around and they told me that this was coming but um I just
graduated in december,
thank uh from college. So I was going to take like the G. R. E. And then go to grad school and like I had all these plans and then
well
the first was formula for february and then it got pushed back to, the second time was, the first time was april and then I got pushed back to May and then I
was all ready to take my May and then that was when it started getting like real bad and they sent me an email and they were like by the way it's been changed, so go
on the website and like finding time and I was like okay, the soonest august, I was like okay
I really hope, I really hope because there's so much on like the G. R. E. That you don't really need to know to go to school and I'm like look I don't I feel like I don't have to be like the best a lot of these topics because I'm not even going to be focusing on that. Uh
Um I want to well first I was going to go for I graduated in psychology so
I wanted to be a man marriage and family therapist. But then like recently given like this ungodly amount of time that I think to like think about life and things. Um I'm actually really interested in neuropsychology so I might do it
neuropsychology is basically focusing kind of like the brain mostly and the nervous
system and how it affects us. So it you can I mean it's a very like broad study. Like I'm interested in like the clinical sense where like I could, my job would be, you know, evaluating people who have had brain injuries and determining what they're not, they're safe to go back to work and and things like that, but it's really just understanding like the, you know, chemical imbalances in your brain or you know, that kind of stuff. It's kind of more of the science behind a lot of psychology. Um
Less talking about people and more doing studies like this.
And you know, things like that. So
I haven't done like a ton of research from what I've seen uh is like a PhD where my critic, I could get my masters if I go for therapy. Um But I mean the perks are that nervous psychology is really interesting. So I'm like, I should I should probably look into it more. I haven't even like, like colleges or anything. I'm trying to go someplace in state. It's not like crazy and
something.
No
you're
good. You can talk to like I'm I'm good at listening
Yeah.
Everything. So you if you were to go you know to grad school for neuropsychology generally there you would kind of find like your path of what exactly is it that I want to be working with? Because I mean that's the good thing about psychology is a lot of people think well it's about you know running about people. But I mean there's just so many different things that you can learn and so many things that you can specialize in. Like I could focus on just like brand druze and in adolescence or something and
like you know focused on how they are affected and memory and how, you know right? Just like how how it affects them, how it works really and then through that, you know, you can figure out like how how what exactly like what's the science behind this medication? Like what in the brain does it do to us that causes it to do this for that or you know, it's like it's a big jumble of like science and there's just so much to go with in depth that you can go any which way. Yeah.
So and I haven't narrowed anything down yet. It's just more of like a when I took physiological psychology in high school that was very cool and I love learning about um the brain and whatnot. And my teacher was a narrow psychologist and she really sold how exciting and fun it was. So yeah.
That was gonna play what I wanted to do for the longest time. Which is why I went for psychology was because that was always something that really interests me. But you don't really get to know as much about the science behind it all and I mean you kind of its more about working with people which
I've always enjoyed but um it's just as much like social scale as it is knowledge
like neuropsychology is more like knowledge and you don't have to feel as much as people and I don't know that that's the only downside is I'm always like I feel like I could do it but it's not the thing that I was always most like interested in in school like when you're in school you're like oh I'm going for this and then while you're in school you're like so I don't want to do this. Yeah.
Yeah. So um are you do you go to school or have you gone,
Little teenage to your mm
You
know
other schools? What what did you study?
A rabbit pool
America.
Okay. I assume I didn't know if this was an american city or not, so I was like,
This corona like messed up any plans or anything for you. I
really feel a resounding yes for everybody, but it's always like different, like how much?
well.
That's wearing it okay
with your family.
once it's like push it as far as you go,
pretty much,
I'm trying to get extra money. You don't have anything to do for most days. Mhm.
This is it. Honestly, I really don't, I don't have a lot. So I don't know, I'm kind of in that like fork in the road of life where, you know, I just graduated and I don't really have a simple job. I'm living at my parents, You know, I'm already 24. So it's like, I feel like it's like a less and less time, you know,
Located two years and I'm on my parents insurance, I'm like well I'm gonna be uninsured, no idea what I'm gonna do. As far as like a job goes currently. I mean, I'm not going to be able to go to grad school in the fall, so I'm like, okay, I need to find like some kind of a job or something, which one up. Um But I live with my parents, you know, I'm fortunate enough to have really supportive parents and they're okay with me staying here because you know, I've basically promise I'm not going to be a bomb. I will, you know?
True.
It's really hard. It's just mostly like most days I'm just like, I'm sleepy. I'm gonna take it out the some prolific studies. That's good. Yeah. I don't really do anything. I'm really being guitar art, so I do like art, but I don't sell any of it. Like
it's, I just have hobbies, but nothing that like makes any money. So it's kind of like, I'm sort of stuck until august comes around and then applying for school and then school comes around. But
but
happened.
fucking
I
I'm completely new. Like when I was signing up, they were like, where do you live and all this other stuff? And I was like, you know, I have no assets, I want to take anything they can have like, I'll have to look for something if they're trying to steal
it. You know like I don't have any money.
probably. You found the perfect desperate person. Let's go.
Yeah. Have you ever done click worker? That is the only other thing that I tried to sign up for that was also recommended on the post where I found prolific and it was like enter your email and like I I put in all the information they're like okay we sent you this email and it never got the email. Like I tried my email like
everything and they they never sent me an email and then two days later they sent
me an email and it was like click on this link to activate your account. So I clicked on the link and they were like we couldn't find an account and I was like yeah
well not really.
thing
and your studies and you answer for money and I don't know, I was like maybe I'll try it again in the futures like make a whole new log in or whatever but for right now try and find some other stuff so I'll definitely help those things for sure. Um But yeah most of my time is spent pretty much just hanging out with my boyfriend who does have a full time job.
Oh yeah like you're such an adult child and he's like
no like I you're going to school like I
I haven't even done that and I'm like man and
okay he works at a restaurant supply company. He he's like kind of overseas like um like groups, certain groups so he's like kind of up in the company but not like super high, make a decent amount. And he has like a couple of roommates that I'm really good friends with. Two. Um And so yeah, he's always the one who's like, take me out to dinner and then you like, I'm going to take you out to dinner and I'm like, I can't pay for,
yeah, didn't
forward.
It is, it's a super weird time, but it's like you didn't have to hit right when I was like trying to figure out where I was going because I had a while to be like, I don't know if I want to go to grad school. Yeah, that's loans and things and um I was lucky enough to graduate with my bath shoulders like debt free. Don't worry about pulling off any loans right now. So it's like, do I want to take on because I definitely can't pay my way through grad school right now. So it's like, I don't want to take on that burden for something that I'm not 100% sure about, which is why
you're about our psychology because it was like, well that seems worth it to me. Um versus just getting that desk job and moving out and starting my life.
I think so. I mean I'm not somebody who, so I have like hobbies and things that I enjoy and then Working
doesn't like I've worked in an office before. I'm not somebody who's like, I could never work in an office from 9-5, You know, come home and do nothing. I'm like, I like 9-5. I'm 100% I'm boring I guess. But I don't mind them. I think it's like, you know, you socialize a little bit, at least the one that I had to socialize a little bit. You do your work like it gets done, then you paid a decent amount of money to make a living and then all of my phone is that you know spending time with my boyfriend and uh doing like hobbies that I enjoy which is mostly art like that kind of thing. And I feel
like I can be totally content with that and that's like I really just want something sustainable
so that I can live a comfortable life I guess.
Oh really? What? Like
I don't need anything high paying, I just want to do something that I don't hate and live my life. So
pretty much.
Maybe so I've actually been recently thinking about it because I have a friend who's an artist, my we're gonna do a little brother, my boyfriend,
roommate's girlfriend. Um
Very good friends with her and she and I have been hearing like a lot of art lately And she used to sell her heart like a really long time ago. Um well I see a really long time ago, it was like 2017. But a while back she used to sell her art online and she made like a ton of money because apparently she went to school in New York and there she met the creator of Reddit.
I like I don't remember one of his names. There is a creator and then like a co creator and co creator
that she met married,
I'm married you. Um
Serena Williams. Yeah so he like really loved her art and he gave her a shout out on his social media and then she kind of got like big from there, so she had like a bunch of prints and stuff and she was making like this it was like weird like black and white kind of art um and selling it online And she made like enough to like retire early I guess. She
like she was only like 28 and I'm like uh what am I doing?
well
actually
stopped doing it like she stopped doing it because she actually hated the artwork that she was making. It was like one of those things where she went to school for marketing. So she was really good at marketing which is kind of credits like why she was able to sell as much as she did because it was just as much marketing as it was like the art itself. But also because she thought I was like playing and boring so she doesn't have a job right now but she makes like a lot of color for art now. And so she and I have been talking a whole bunch about like the kind of art that we make and she is thinking
about opening up another shop and I was literally just talking to her on sunday
Yeah, it was sunday and
she was like, you should consider just like at least posting something on social media, like if you get a hollowing people will commission you. And and I'm like, yeah, actually quick, because I would love, like if I had like an ideal job, it would be something like that, go to school for her because I can't do things like deadlines. Oh, I can be like a graphic designer, people can't come up to me and be like draw this because I'm like, you know, all right,
yeah, but doing it yourself is never something that I thought of, I thought I knew you could, but uh it's like,
absolutely, it's like nothing else is going on. Like I've already picked up like four different projects. I got super indian embroidery and I got some knitting super into like, but art has always been something that I've been confident about, so
that
I used to be, I used to be the kind of person who had like sketchbooks and was like, no, you can't look at it and stuff, but now I'm just always kind of like, you know, this kind of makes me happy, so I'll show it off, you know, something like my friend, a lot of my art and stuff, she's super supportive
and she's like, oh, this is so creative and pretty and all this stuff and I'm like, yeah, I like, you know,
burke Roy
um what kind of, we weren't supposed to like follow any kind of prompt, were we
just
click ok,
all right, you have
like any hobbies and stuff that you enjoy doing
That was the thing that I was like, hey, that would be really cool. But I don't have a garden so
No.
I have not. I'm
not like you envision it.
Miss Tracy
I
think.
Pretty
married. We kind of without a store or like the carrots just weird like
wounds or something or I feel like beans are probably like the staple easy thing that people are grown.
that's cool
now. Uh 4 26. So does the time start when we start talking?
Because like I was here like about five minutes before you showed up.
I
would like, do I go on, how do I go on later? What do I log out after? Like, I was like I overthink these kind of things like all the time. And I'm like when do I show up? When do I pop up like
first?
No
route.
Oh yeah. What's your name? I never asked her name. Okay,
wow, that's a really cool name. My
name's anna. Pretty. So
Yeah. I never even was like, hi my name's hand. I was just like, oh coping I have a terrible the situation is,
I
bet it's a lot like I actually like now that you say that I'm almost positive. Probably a question like, hey, did you mention covered? And it was like it was the majority,
A lot of things you can cling to and like relate to with people. But yeah, what can we like click away to see the time I were very
like,
Okay. And then do we close this tab then?
Okay. So we close this tab then, And then we go to the survey.
Okay. Well, it was really nice talking to you.
black with everything.
back.
Right. Yeah. Maybe we'll
All right. Bye.