talk about it before. Uh huh. Business yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yes you can go away. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Oh Oh the same thing. The decision? Yeah Yeah. Mhm mhm mhm
Hi
it's legal being
construction.
because we just talk about anything, can you see and hear me? Okay
good. I'm in an RV so the lighting is is since behind me so I'm kind of
look
yeah I think we just just talk and and the instructions didn't say anything specific and uh
what
good
I read through them and it just didn't really say anything different than what the email said. No
there
was no survey it said. Yeah it's that answers some questions but there weren't any it like the instructions and the links.
What?
Power.
huh. Yes I do see the blue arrow. I don't
I
don't think so. Not yet.
What?
I
think that's what we return
to do is click arrow so
and it's you know how it goes? They're just testing something so it'll be
So where do you live?
I'm in florida, I
was
to opposite ends. That's kind of cool. I was in um san Diego for a couple of months and years ago, my uncle was out there so so I've been out there. That was cool.
So
you're
that was about 10 years ago?
I
bet it has. I bet it has. So you guys are really affected out there by all this this virus stuff? Huh wow.
Go to mom.
I
didn't
have.
I
know
is
Right. Right. I was I worked at a longhorn steakhouse, so I was out for 50 days. Yeah, I was out, we just went back, we just went back last week at 25% capacity. So.
Oh, it's crazy. It's really stressful. I've been in the restaurant industry for 20 years. It always works the same. No matter where you go, everything is different and you have to think and pay attention to things that you never have to think about. It's good that 25% capacity if we weren't, I don't think we could and
where I love, you know where I live in florida, we get the snowbirds from Canada.
So they were instructed to go home in the middle of our season
and then, but and since, so I was out of work, so it's just all really weird.
It's
sometimes stressful
we're
witnessing,
I am exhausted. It's a different kind of tired and we have to wear the mask and we're running around and we're talking and I think it's low oxygen is what's making me so tired. Yeah. So I'm kind of glad we're, we have to take it slow.
What?
Right. We did it kind of fast.
But because I'm in a big corporate organization, they do put a lot of safety things in place, so I'm comfortable with what they're doing. So
How
many?
There
is
lecture? All
come on.
That happens with my boyfriend's company. He works for a golf cart company and they're really,
and I don't know that there's only him and one other guy in the company wearing masks, bosses
are like, there's agent orange and Lysol. We're not using Lysol and she doesn't like that, they're wearing masks. And she's just very against all of this, which is weird because she's very trump is right, so it's kind of, it's kind of weird and so he's, you know, he's being careful, but then there's that stress, so.
And if you still happen to stay at home,
Paper.
Yeah.
marty.
How
do
you?
From
was kind of weird for me because I three years ago I took care of my mom, she had dementia and Get away and my uncle passed away, the one that was in San Diego um
10 days later. And then two months later, my only sibling, my brother, passed away.
Oh, and then my best friend of 25 years ghosted me before all of that weird. And then my dog died. So the only person in my life is my boyfriend and he is amazing. It's been really, really hard and I've gone through anxiety and depression and PTSD and just really, and isolation on top of after caregiving isolation, you know? So in january, I had a seizure they think is related to just my mental state because else wrong, But what that did was that made me feel better. The disassociation went away and a lot of the anxiety, I mean, I really started feeling better. It's been
with
and then I know, right? And so, okay, you know, maybe, I don't know, the body takes care of itself. And so that was the end of january and March work shuts down, everything shuts down. I'm like, are you kidding? So it's like a double weird, not
just
but just right when I was feeling better.
yes, so the anxiety has gone up, but I'm dealing with it and I was having a neck issue which I held in there, I go to the chiropractor, my neck is always out of alignment and figured out was my couch from right, so that I'm fixing that, I've got a board under it and I've got the cushions being replaced right now and then my neck, my neck hasn't been out in like a month and I'm not getting headaches from it, so that, that's the anxiety down, so.
And you know what, at the same time, I'm like, you know what the whole world now feels like every caregiver that shut in and I kinda is a little bit of resentment because I hear the people whining, No, your parents are 70, you say, you live with them at home, you may forgive her to them so you might, to some extent, so you probably know what I mean, disappear. You know the friends, it's weird and so now everybody's secluded like and they wine and that's, I'm kind of like, you know, well, you know somebody that's probably, they had to live like this pop inches are pretty high and see how it is, but
what,
that's all
we have
to do,
Let's talk
about ripping
house.
I agree. I
agree. I see a lot of people not doing it, especially
down here, but
no.
I
know
her beaches here. I don't know which one it was, it's on the other coast. They opened and everybody was so crazy. They closed it right back down
beach. I don't remember
that over
the weekend I think.
Yeah.
It was understood
the state. I
live on the golf, I live on the gulf side right outside Tampa Bay, a little bit north of Tampa Bay. So we've been good over here on the beaches since they reopened. But they've got app and you can go on the app, you can see which areas of the beach or capacity and they say don't go there. So that's
kind of cool.
they did that over in Clearwater. Uh
I
don't know how
that
happened.
And some of the beaches are doing like two hour limit parking to the people leave.
It's
party.
did that the first week there was just for exercise and then I think this was the second week. This past. What day are we are? We're the kind of mid week now. This is Tuesday, Yeah, this is Tuesday. So over the weekend, I think that's when they open back market,
it's sort of no, because they're little still limited capacity
and Like in Clearwater, they've got like 200 cops patrolling the beach every day. Right. That's a lot of cops. I don't know where they came up with that.
This
one beach.
That's right. So there's some good things
On
me.
Like,
guy got crazy and stories got weird and I was, I'm just not, I'm just not going to read.
I watch
the evening news, I watch the news, you know, one or two times a day, but all this stuff online has been, it's been too much,
that's me.
Too much fake stuff and weird stuff has come out and I'm tired of trying to piece through it, so
so I'm just keeping it local.
I'm coming.
It's
been a week.
It's good for mturk and prolific studies though.
Great.
I
knew that would happen.
I started doing mturk when I was taking care of mom Caregiver online and I don't know, I got really worried because my step dad who lived with us was older and he's just not just kind of dumb and he had told me that. I said, what, what what do I do if you pass away? He said, oh you just used my bank account. Well no, it doesn't work that way. So it was going to happen to him and I gotta feed or what am I going to do? I had posted something online. So this woman contacted me and said, listen, I know this online gig. It took me up with it at,
I did it and I didn't tell my step dad because I was like, I'm just gonna hoard money away just in case, just in case and that's what I did not put up with it. But because of that, I've gone back to it. I was out of work. I just sat at home for 50 days,
And I said, you know what, there's gonna be a lot of surveys because of this. I know it
there
was
I'm sure.
So
what to work.
Right? It is, but the prolific has been better because lately and I think that's why there's been actually emailed them recently. And I said, listen, can you tell me if my accounts okay? Because suddenly I see no surveys days and days. I haven't seen one. And I'm sitting here in front of my computer and they got back with me and said, no, you're in good standing. There's just been, you know, they're busy all of us
that update servers and stuff. So it's gotten better
power. Uh
Paralympics
are kind of quick and send the the mturk ones.
Well,
you
can sometimes
take
Right. They do. I have a touch screen. I got a touch screen and so I can, I'd usually knock off five minutes or so.
I'm is yeah, because I can
go down on the touch screen, do the bubbles
rule.
But
yeah, it has
little different page
there.
I
salute.
Yeah. But he got mad. But I don't know. I use different scripts that I used to. Some of the sites that I use before I don't use anymore. And
I
know
every
race, but you're right with the olympic we just need, they just give it surveys. We don't have
to.
What kind of still is what sort of
yeah. I run panda crazy. I just, somebody in one of the forums got mad and they broke off and made their own forum and I'd forgotten about it and I recently went on it to check it out. They were trying to get some business and pay for one of their tears and it's fit. But um, while I was under the trial, I caught like a $10 hit on mturk that I never even saw post anywhere
and
I'll pay you $9 a month for that if that's all, you know? So
I've been paying so I catch a view from that
bob.
Thanks.
Five
minute warning.
That's
Well,
right. That's what I wanted to do and then things keep happening. Like I'm sitting home from work for 50 days and I'm like, all right. But I'm glad I have and I'm thankful. Hi.
Hi.
President.
I am. It's I'm I had to give up a shift this week. They put me on a double and I don't think I can do it with that mask on and give me a break in between, definitely can't do it because I'm gonna be so exhausted.
It
he felt bad because I didn't have that means shift. So he threw an expert in which gave me a double on friday the back on saturday morning and now I've worked a week and I'm like, I don't think I can do it.
well,
I don't want to be an appreciative, but I come home from work and it takes me two or three hours to start breathing, right? And the last shift I worked, the back my back was hurting here. If it was, I don't think it was muscle, I haven't had pneumonia a lot of times in my life and it kind of reminded me of that kind of pain. And so I was a little scared and I'm like, I'm not doing that double. I just it's too much, I appreciate it. But I killed myself
for this.
I
sit home and do prolific studies. Um
They
provided three different versions of masks that are official, but they're so scratchy and uncomfortable and they got better ones for the cooks and they say they're not really better. But one of the girls has had a friend that works in the medical supply business and set could get them for her.
And
so black and they're almost almost uh they're soft like a T shirt,
like a T shirt or or a soft sock, I don't know the kind of material but their medical, so they pass all the tests and
the comfortable in their cloth and they can be washed and and those are better and they don't fit tight and they're not pressing on my sinuses,
right? And I'm drinking at least we found ourselves not stopping and drinking because it was a right.
And
so
that did
not. So is everything is a new learning process.
So
Especially if you're in a hurry and you're moving fast. But these are little here, you can kind of just move it a little bit and it doesn't move all over the place.
Yeah,
we
look like we
look like ninjas
Well. My boyfriend's wearing those N- 95 and we have a house and I went on the other day just to see and I'm like there's no way I can work in this thing, it was just like on my face, I'm like there's no way absolute
Bleich
I think I might pass out, I don't, there's no
no
it's
part of a uniform now, the black ones make us look like ninjas
they're they're very tired too, but they're all glad to be back to work. Yeah,
we kept a couple of them kept working because they did to goes and mother a was crazy, I mean mother's Day is always crazy in a restaurant, not for the servers, it just wasn't, we can't have enough Because our capacity is 25%, were not that big of a restaurant that puts 40 or 45 guests. But we have to count the employees to. Yeah. Why?
Yeah so another's day you have to have more people in Just in case. And then it took us down to like we could only have like 30 guests in the lobby. So it was weird now I was really glad to see that people weren't bringing their moms out, aren't that busy because I was like people gonna be stupid but the takeouts were insane. They were exactly ready for that.
It
was just like stay out of their way. But yeah it's good for the restaurant. I was glad to get out there. But mother stays like the best day of the year for most restaurants and we
just it was like just a normal shift.
I'm not here.
She.
The
money has been okay. I'm surprised like he
tipped
me the other day, they didn't order the order to drink and they ordered like a potato and a salad. And I'm like, really? You came out for that really Like $25. But they tipped me 30. So then I dad, right. So
well are being like really generous and I'm surprised glad
to get out.
So,
yeah. So I was surprised that the money and then like they don't have as many servers on. So Where we would have three or four. Now we have to where we have 10 now we have three or four.
So, and we still have some people on furlough. For whatever reason they have COPD and don't want to work yet or whatever reason, there's,
you know.
All
And
they gave us three weeks emergency pay after they laid us off, which was awesome. And they based it on our however many weeks back. But we were the season those hours that got based on, so,
Right. So it benefited a lot of it helped a lot of people,
It's it's Darden so they're really, really big so they can do this. So like the ceo forgo his salary for the year. And I think they cut the top executives had salaries in half
and
And they started off first they said, okay, we're gonna give you sick pay, which is unheard of in the restaurant industry. Mhm. Right. And so we're like, okay, cool. And so then a few more days went by and they said, we're gonna give you emergency pay for two weeks. And if you were there under five years it wasn't gonna be that much. I think it was 50% 1 week and then 25% the next. Then they changed it again before they paid us And they said Okay we're gonna give it to you for three weeks. And then the people that were five years and under I think benefited because we got 50% across the board all three weeks it was decreased right
So it probably it probably balanced. So but no they did right by us I
think
by
you
and that
was
it was
crazy.
I
try.
Well
it
was about
and they told us to use the sick pay. They said after the the emergency pay use the sick pay and most of them went nah we're just gonna hold on to that because we were most of us qualified for unemployment.
Not that's working out here, I don't
know yeah it's just not and I did get through and I did get my application in and it sat in limbo forever and then had approved and then it went through limbo again and then it got approved and I still I screwed up because I didn't give them direct deposit information Asked hard and they haven't mailed the card and people have gotten approved, haven't gotten the state unemployment but they've gotten that $600 from the Feds but I didn't do direct deposit so I have to get card right so today I went online and it looked like they did something today, maybe it's moved along a little farther and then I walked back in and everything looked different and I was like I don't know, we'll see,
it
is a mess, it's a big man. I applied apparently right before I went to take care of mom, which was in um, 2014. I lost my job. I don't remember doing it. It was too long ago. But apparently I applied and it looked like I was denied and apparently the state appealed it. I didn't appeal it and I won and I never knew nothing about it.
Anything in the mail. I
never got hard. Right. I never I don't know
I hope not. But this was here And my boy, I still lived here for a month afterwards. Almost two based on their records online. And I'm like, I don't know what kind of scam was that probably had to go online and do something, click something.
Why would I know to do that?
I didn't even
killin it.
What
changes
can be
amazing.
Check
it out.
Remember?
Look
at.
I
really wouldn't want mm
I didn't think about that. That's a good idea. That's an idea. Right.
I
don't
know I don't know if it's screwed up. People are getting money that shouldn't be like maybe back to work
like
but you can't you can't stop it in the system.
It took me
10 hours and 15 minutes to fill out that application when once I got logged in one night I stayed up all night long and it was a mess and I just kept going and it kept filling me off and we have to start over and
two hours
and
20.
Right. But I did it and it it through but it's
still
just
limit.
Right? That's why there's so many to pay me for all those hours. Okay. Oh
Well.
right.
I have a good computer I relatively new computer and I have a lot of space on it because I'm not playing with nothing benefited me. Uh
Right. Right. It kept it was just terrible, it's still terrible.
I
logged,
it's
still
not
working.
Right,
prick.
It isn't it
naval figured out,
but the weather is good back,
it
was weird when we were in san Diego um It's the It was in July we got there like July two and July three and the what do you call it, Gloom and do what do you call? Yeah,
thanks.
It was in
it.
What happened in july was the May Grey? Something happened and so july 4th I was freezing like I had had like a sweatshirt on and gloves on and it was crazy. We're down on Coronado Island on the brain and it was absolutely freezing. So it was just crazy weather. I get up in the morning
and be
cold
and no and it was that way with the whole two months we were there weather would change three or four times a day it would be cold and then I would be nicer and then I would be okay and I could go get in the pool and that would be cold again and then the sun would go down and it would be really cold. We lived um not down the road from the I don't know what the model was. Is it an international mall?
Everything all the
all the way big names were they are in there
It's
where did I can't remember the name of that apartment complex because we no downtown. No
we would drive straight down to the water he lived it wasn't very far at all. And we could see um Seaworld's fireworks.
What? Maybe like
everything
it's
kind
of outside. It's an open it was an open
open thing.
it was 10 years
ago.
Okay. Okay. Yeah we we went there a lot. I don't remember buying much but we went there
what was weird to me?
I go to the south.
maybe
but
it was just kind of weird.
like the top diamond stores and the top shoe stores and just the top designer everybody. It was
maybe
that was it.
That's
familiar.
Three. That sounds familiar.
it
was
right. My uncle was a captain in a retired captain in the navy so he you know God I can remember they would eat breakfast and they like cut the bacon with a fork and knife. That's how the officers were taught
that behavior. So he he lived a certain way. You know, he just his his career. Was that so
We don't have
hey.
Yeah. It was cool. It was really cool that we got that. I got to go. It was in all of a sudden decision by mom.
I've never been south and I told her no way, what are you talking about? But we drove. We were I couldn't
she
brought, well I did I wanted to go but my grandmother was in a nursing home
and
I was
mean, I don't know, we'll we'll bring her later. And I'm like what do we I didn't know is that my mother was beginning to have dementia. Probably part of it. But I didn't know. I
knew things were really, really weird, but I didn't put two and two together.
I should have before we even left town. This bizarre stuff happening. But okay, whatever that we drove and it was really, really cool. I got to see the Grand Canyon and we got, I've never been out of the south, so we got to see stuff
and
it
And then
we came back and by the time we, we were only there two months and then we drove back and then the next year she was diagnosed. So like I'm really glad I remember I told you I told her I was no, I'm not going, we're not doing that
Very
happy.
Absolutely,
absolutely.
And
yeah, Yeah. We got to go to the Grand Canyon. She didn't get to do that as a kid and they traveled all over and made her get up at 5:00 AM to go sunrise.
He
was
like,
no, no, no
we we gotta drive. I'm like no you just told me you were disappointed as a child we're going.
So yeah
it was yeah
right and then we drive around the ridge on the way back out however we were doing. So it was
yeah and I looked Flagstaff had the best milk I've ever had there
there's there's um there's cows there,
it's
it's right outside. I don't know I guess we were on What's the road? It's not 10 anymore is it?
It's
not 60 maybe it's 10 maybe. I don't know it's not 66 it's not route 66 anymore it's whatever and that's how we went. It was you know straight shot out there. So yeah it
was very
We went
right. I would because mom you know she was getting the dementia so it was a little bit hurried. But what we did was we stopped every night and at dusk because she said, I don't want you to miss anything, I don't want
to travel night. That was very cool.
We thought we were going to do the trip in three days doing that, so see disconnect happening, understand
and I'm like, okay, yeah, right, whatever, you know, it took a seven, you know?
but
it was, it was great. It was a good experience.
right. I'm a kid rock fan from way back when his fan club first formed and everybody was traveling around in the fan club. So I got to go to a lot of states over here on the east coast that I would have gone to. I went to michigan, I went to Nashville, I went to New Orleans and stuff, got to do some things with that. And then the trip with mom. So I've been a lot a lot of places
but
You
know it's kind of this red pink thing. It was
I got it from walmart and it's the most comfortable thing.
I love
it.
that's how
I am.
it looks like it looks like a tie dye. Yes, it's not it's not a real tied I you know they print
because look you can see the other side, you can tell it's just printed. Yeah.
Right.
I
would like to say yeah your time is different. There Been 30 here and we've definitely done 25 minutes.
Where
me too. I'm not sure. I guess we so click that arrow.
I think we should click that
you enjoy your dinner.
Thank you
for the
no,
I did do.
Right. Right, right. stay safe Oh look
Right Oh, the arrow was it was, It was like almost 45 minutes.
What are you going to put?
Oh
Life changing. Amazing. Good. Yeah
Uh huh Uh huh Yeah.
Uh huh
Yeah. Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm Yeah.
Okay.
Mhm Yeah.
Mhm
Mhm
mm. Mhm.
Mhm mm mm.
Mhm
Mhm
Mhm
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm
Mhm
Mhm
Mhm Yeah,
Mhm
Mhm Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
mm and
mhm
Mhm Mhm Yeah. Mhm Mhm Mhm Yeah. Mhm
Yeah.
Mhm
Mhm
Mhm
Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah,
this Mhm
Okay. Yeah,
Uh huh,
mm.
Yeah.
Mhm Yeah.
Okay. That mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm Yeah.
Okay, mm. Mhm. Mhm mm.
Wait Oh