Hello.
Nice to meet you. I'm not sure how this works as
instruction.
And I guess we should, we would just talk about anything that
yes I can hear you fine and see you fine.
No, I can see you would just buy I worried too.
I was like I got a trauma like like I just have this one little desk right on but I think you can see me. Okay. So
interesting how they're doing this. Like how do they record it and like take a chat and I was just trying to breathe, breathe instructions. I'm like I should have opened it earlier to see the read the instructions
like
so
Just a survey. Just had to leave it open too. Right.
Just
basically we talked for however long we want at least a minimum of what? 25 minutes they said. Yeah in four minutes. And we were created keep it on for the entire time and then um and then after
the gun or okay, it cannot be complete. Okay so return to this browser tab to continue and then we move on. Okay. Do not move on to the next until you opened the conversation and then you tab. So are we supposed to move on to the next
to do not move on to the next stage until I opened the conversation in a new tab because there's little blue arrow on the bottom. So I just didn't do you see the blue area on the bottom and the online circles? Not for a page.
We don't we don't touch
that dude.
Okay. So well All right. We'll
just leave it believe it for 25 minutes and then see what happens
after
and
nancy.
And I don't just want to see how people converse or you know personalities I think. And so
I live in SAN Diego. Where where do you live?
What,
two opposite ends?
How many years
ago
was that
years ago? It's changed quite a bit
I think intended.
our numbers are actually not bad where I am
in SAn Diego, like our community is huge and we've had Not that I'm not minimizing the number that was like 170
people. I don't know, I didn't check
the December's
but it's in the highest 100 Like closer to 305 deaths. So yeah, it's been okay but
we don't
really know what it's like.
Well, you know, so
how was that experience?
11
I see.
Oh I see, I see.
It
is really and it feels very stressful,
right? Like you're
saying
you have to pay attention to every little thing that adds on a lot of stress right? Without even realizing it. So by the end of your probably like I'm exhausted.
that's because you can accommodate and everyone gets and I wonder when that gets access to. So like the first you get to use the new normal and yeah, I'm glad I'm glad you are opening up and then we're slowly
opening restaurants are not um
Yeah, yeah, I would say it's kind of kind of scary in my app because you don't really know, we don't really because the lack of testing, we don't really know who's like how, how many people are really infected, right? So that's kind of scary. Um
Oh that's that's very actually that's very important. I've been reading women stories where a lot of companies
or
even you actually, even some companies don't really care as much
for
their employees,
so I'm glad.
This is
huh.
well now.
Yeah, that is a lot of stress because you just, you still don't know, it's like weird. We're doing, we're basically going to war with something we cannot see, right? So
yeah, I am, I work from home actually. So I work for me that allows me to work from home. So it's just, it's just been the same thing day and day. I live with my parents though. So, um, and they're in their mid
70s, so that's very careful. But I know which is basically nowhere except for the restore. So a little bit more worried about that. Like if it were just me, I feel like okay, more comfortable to go out, not go out to do whatever. But like we'll visit my boyfriend. I haven't seen my boyfriend and like since we're locked down, I'm just too if Bring something to it to him or but to home my parents mainly stuff I players because they're in the mid 70s. Yeah,
more neurotic like, you know, it's one thing that I hurt myself, but if I bring it to anyone else that
I just, I wouldn't want to have on my head. No, but yeah,
I kind of feel
like
Herman, I'm an interview so I can deal with it most of the time, it's more when you take the option away, like you can't like I like, but now you leave the house
if you wanted to write to go to the restaurant to go to the grocery store without having to suit up, you know, so okay.
now
Oh my goodness.
Well that's
weird.
is
not
so are you feeling anxiety again? is that?
I'm from Syria, it's like the story out that little thing like your user base for border, which is range and then you're comfortable now that's gone. I feel better. So maybe we're using is a normal level of anxiety like really?
Yeah. Also it's like that's
that's
all we have to do,
that's
what we have
being
asked
of us. That's the sacrifice we have to make, right, we're not going more, I don't have to go marching and kill someone or you know, protect myself. Like all are asking is for me to stay home. I can do that. Right, It's not the most funding world, it's, you know, sometimes gets good air, but again, this is something that we can do as a community. That's what
no,
you know,
there's a lot of people that you know, I feel like I don't know. I don't know if
it's the majority or the minority. I have no idea. It's just what makes it to the news, right? So I don't know. So but
it is
weird
for
and
it
was it in florida. Uh huh. I
see. I don't
and
I haven't.
What?
Well that's really neat.
Yeah. We don't have that over here in California. That would be really nice actually.
Like
what?
I
don't know. I don't want to leave the home.
I say we don't have we don't allow parking yet at the beaches there.
Like if you can find free parking
then use the beach. You can't find parcels like go home. Mhm.
open.
All
Now where do they get? Because like we always read us, we don't need cops enforced any kind of law that we would want to like, how are they going to force? So for this thing there's just too many
people.
What? Right. So not enough cause, so that's, that's impressive that they actually had.
There are some good things. Yeah, I don't, I tend in the last month or so. I kind of not read
isn't
as much news before back when it had an outbreak in china.
I read it every, every single day. And, and then when they showed a story on every other for like a couple weeks and then after that, I was one of your little list every day for the last two months.
I need, I need it. It's more from my mental health. I cannot read this every day. And I was really impressed every single day. So I'm like, I knew about that. I'm not ignoring it, but I can't do it every single day. So there was a lot better. I decided to quit the news. Like much
experience.
Yeah, it is too much, just like a little bit,
Just the stuff you need to know, like what is that, what's opening was closing, you know, um what's the state of the news that matters for where I live the whole world or the
Yeah, it's not, it's not worth it. So
Yes, exactly. That's what I do to like, I look at you, look at that, right? I just look at san Diego, what are we doing?
How I'm doing? Okay. That's it.
I'm going to
little bit.
I know that that's
don't explain
and
I'm like, that's crazy. There's like tons of like when there's like 12. Betty Wow that studies
Good.
yeah, it makes sense like you know what makes them? Yeah.
Yeah. There were a time and I haven't done enter in years, I'm only just do prolific now, but there
was a period
of mturk
but then I'm like if I wanted to go back again be like it's a lot to
work
a little tools and everything, right? So
Family.
And I was like yeah that is never see your money before, usually by the time they get they're gone right or something like that or
because there are usually on and that's why I try to do it all. That sounds interesting. There's there's two working studying sometimes, like I don't know about that isn't
too many.
Right. Which is why I like
the enter
sometimes.
Like when they see
16 minutes, they really mean 16 minutes. So
wow, that's good.
Thanks.
No,
no, no, that is pretty nice click. Like Oh yeah, let's take a long time. So, but
yeah, it has
not changed
their whole
like the whole user interface a few years ago. Right. No, I haven't
even
since then. So
I see. Yeah. Like I said it changes especially with like, I don't,
I don't
have to learn all
of them. Right,
Well
actually very nice example, very easy to use. I felt a little bit clunky back in the day. So.
I see. But there's
well
not.
Mom. Great.
Well that's good. Yeah. Some
of those things are really helpful. Welcome the day. Well, we did, I guess I
didn't have the tears and we'll walk before. So it's been never there since I did it. Um That's fun.
I mean I think
especially as a way of making extra money
is like you're furloughed or
you know
yes very helpful like if people know about it
like I think it's a great way to make some extra money to make you you know pad it out
you know so yeah that's important and what I'm glad you're back to work too. You must be very happy about that
I
see.
It's
tired.
well
at least you knew that so
yeah you don't want to.
that's much over let's dress what particular matt that's much nicer. So we're like a carmax or do or do they give you
like political life?
well.
Parents
what
good.
I see I see.
Right
so that's
probably
after.
Yeah How would
you do? Yeah.
You know that's good, that's good. And then God is more comfortable because yeah
I wonder one of the forms than one that
they need,
it's really
not like it feels like it's kind of, you know, it's weird so
yeah, it's really hard to breathe those things but they filter so
much including our right, you're like so
yeah, this is whatever you're comfortable I think and it will protect
you and everyone else so that's the most
important.
That's good things not like robert, right? Some people they have a yeah that's a bit too much so but how are your coworkers talking with this too?
employment.
Uh
Okay, okay, that's
good,
the business came in a year for everyone.
Oh that's good. I'm glad. And so I'm glad they're staying
with the restrictions, but still
a lot of customers came. So I'm happy
to
that's
not
And
you guys
putting, you're putting yourself at risk, right, come up with strangers. Yes. A lot of people
I get there too. So
yeah, so I guess that that without bigger tips, less shifts, you know, I'm glad. That's very good to hear. So
you're
scared if you have like uh you're like uh like them asthma or high blood pressure. That's a very, you
know, very a condition that will cause as like more people will die from or if you get platform pressure. So yeah, there were a lot
of people.
Well,
I'm glad to hear that. The software company isn't really a good company.
Well
that's good because some companies don't do that amazon is a good they can definitely afford to keep their employees that they are like right like work harder where people you guys are Armenians so oh I don't think of the emergency from you I don't think they're even doing that so
Okay.
Very
good bye you
guys I
think
with
all these crazy
stories
I've read. So one of
the reasons that traffic, what
is traffic? I don't even think about how horrible my list
of all the
companies
I don't want to get my business too is like wrong like so long. Right because employees so yeah that's
one
I know
I'm
not
what
what
that's weird then there's probably money with your name on it somewhere.
Probably
you
would have,
but I think there are websites
out there
where like
if
they check if there's
any money
on you, you
might want to look at
the websites
or find one of
those websites.
you put your name and see if there's much.
we're
probably
in.
I
know, I know
it's horrible,
horrible
Oh my goodness,
I will just
drive
me crazy.
you
could
have gone a
reward.
because I heard it was opinion that so many people were applying for it just got the system down the system and really on old
like old infrastructure so it couldn't support all those people. Yeah I
just heard so
definitely I think but then there's there's just one year old we couldn't do anything about that,
it
is
terrible, People are still
trying
to
find
their I think their checks and they're yeah they
turn it off on you still can't
there to get the government sex. They still can't get some of them people still can't get those either so it's just a mess all of its just that so
unfortunately
by doubting it
actually we're still I'm still inside and well before who knows
how long?
june blumen.
Well actually june gloom may grey
grey
june yes.
crazy woman
from
july. That's not typical.
Ma.
well
it
was downtown. Where was it?
Well
probably was Horton Plaza at the time.
41
because we don't really have
mall of years
people
it
was most likely Horton Plaza. It's no longer there anymore but I think
that
one is done sound but it's the closest one I think to Seaworld. So
it was a weird mall because there was a very weird mall. I don't know if it was a weird ball when he went
what?
Someone was crazy when the design because when you're trying to go to the third floor you'd end up on the second floor when you wanted for the third floor or
on the fourth floor and you wanted to get the second floor, you would go in a
different direction. It was just it was a
it was a very weird mom the first time I went there like anyone figure out how to navigate this thing. So maybe
I don't remember there was there's fashion values. Fashion value was
one that
fashion
that
okay so fashion value, maybe
that has a lot of famous um and very expensive Doors so maybe
that
one.
Won't.
Right that makes sense because the navy's there so yeah I mean we have a lot of uh we don't have the r
yeah we have the marines and the navy
so very much a military town so but that's cool. Yeah.
No.
molly
girl's
I'm
not.
Who I see.
I see.
Yeah I see
I'm glad.
Sounds like the location that you gotta
well as thinking something
experience.
but you're it sounds like you're very happy that you want instead
of your
mom.
And so is this a good
union and a
good memory?
What
do
you
think
thinking?
Oh that's very nice. Yeah
very beautiful out there so I'm glad.
buys and getting the cost so.
that's nice.
I've never been to Flagstaff so I guess we'll there someday. It's
well
well said so
I don't know what road
that is.
Sounds
like a very nice trip. You
should still do the trip And your boyfriend maybe at some sometimes
New.
Well that is nice.
Who there?
Yeah. Yeah. No way. Yes. But now they have to be nice.
What?
We won't do it again. Do it again or take another trip somewhere else. I don't hit the kid Washington state or something. Take a trip.
Ask
it. That's them like you carol are places. Yeah, it's noticed the color immature. It's like pink is right
like pinky.
I like it.
it's very bright
and you
like it. Yeah, it's pretty
like
like title almost with a flower. They can't
but it's pretty, Yeah, it's very pretty.
Right.
But it's nice. Immediately actually tie done so but I actually have to go to dinner because it's like 7 26 over
here.
Well we definitely yeah.
So at least you enjoy nice.
Shall we kiss that arrow?
I'll click that arrow
you know. Thank you. So thank you for the wonderful
conversation.
That was
it. Yeah.
Yeah. Have fun and get some rice.
Yes. This is click. And then how is the technical qualities? Okay. No issues. Oh that sounds good. I am clicking it. Uh We talked for about
27 so 45 like 15 plus. Yeah About 2:42 minutes. Yeah about 45 minutes yep.
Uh let's see. 30. Yeah.
Also 45. That sounds reasonable.
that's hilarious these terms.
Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm
mm.
Mhm
mm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm. Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Thank you. Mhm.
Yeah.
It. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah.
But,
Mhm. Yeah. Right. Wow. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. The patient. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Wait. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Okay. Yeah. You yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Mhm. Yeah mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.