Yeah.
Sorry. All right, what's up
wearing?
Good. I don't know what we're talking about here, but
Yeah.
Where do you live?
I don't want Harley
vero beach florida. Yeah.
Post occurs yeah south south.
so far. So good and sure three hours behind us. Some morning there for you guys. Yeah.
Well 1 45. How's the weather,
Oh it's warm, it's about 75 here we don't really get. Mhm.
My mom California so.
Oh no, I haven't, I want to that
she
lived in a time which is kind of near L. A. County.
No wow. Look crazy. How long is your commute
commuting? House commuting?
Your trouble
is terrible. Yeah.
Governor
li
And
Yeah I'm three houses away. Sure we walk all the time,
The water is clear down here of it, you know in northern florida they get, it's brown. Okay.
Yeah. Anything south Dakota. It is clear that further south of all time. Like
north of Miami.
I'm far south of that in two hours north of Miami. You
guys don't get hurricanes out there. Right.
That stinks. No, we don't get those down here though.
Dorries? Dorian? Dorian? It hit the Bahamas.
it hit like right at us. But it turned and went north. I think we got scared.
Okay. Mm That wasn't that bad. I mean, why destroy their like the Bahamas Cat five went hit super cool. All gone. It's just so sad. But you know the one before stayed during Irma And it was
like a CAT three. But that's not bad.
But we don't have basements. Yeah, like sea level. But we have hurricane shutters, they like clothes and they latch metal and impact resistant windows and you get a generator and
hunker down hurricane parties. But well when did the worst? Just howls? But you know, and then it rains a lot, but once you get into the eye, everybody thinks i is the worst. That's when there's nothing, it's calm. Yeah.
Everything else. So You know it is the worst ones were lost too bad ones were four and 5 that head directly to florida. Other than uh I guess the one that hit the keys not too long ago. Which one was that? Matthew Matthew hit Georgia didn't Okay, remember? I don't know, I do insurance so I'm always having to do with her being. Yeah.
01 Time Number. Yeah.
Now where'd
you go?
Sure.
What is it like USC or something?
I got.
No I went to U. G. A. Dogs. We played in the road fall two years ago.
I don't cook more basically
completely one. Uh But
Oh, I bet. Have you been to the roastery? I hear it's pretty fantastic.
Yeah. Disneyland always wanted to go to the, cause we
have
Disney world is here. But they say Disneyland is just what magic kingdom. Right. I don't have all these works. We have like Epcot and MGm.
I
don't know. I went to the other one. I always wanted to
Right everything for control. Lyrics.
Coffee break over.
Don't get in trouble.
Let's
go.
that's
what you want.
I don't
know.
I don't have time. Or do you see a timer? I don't see a timer on my screen
is a big one.
I don't even know what time we started talking. Yeah.
Kind of hard to somebody for 25 minutes. Right. What do you do?
What do you do for fun?
That's
it.
Yeah. What do you play?
my brother loves tar.
Oh gosh. No, I
have no musical bone in my body. He got it all. Yeah, no, it's total more. I did sports, but now I wish I get the music. But
um, let's see. I did cheerleading, tennis, Softball. Anyone still play tennis? Golf?
no dog. Yeah, that's kind of how the outside, it looks like it might storm.
I just moved. So my house is a wreck. Sorry.
Yeah, it's like
people
oxygen crap everywhere. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I just sleep in 4th street. So yeah. Mhm,
when
I said,
I guess, I mean, I know if people can be friendly and carry on a conversation with the court exchanger for like 20 minutes. Yeah.
Because
kids, these states, they don't know how to talk to people. All they
do is next nobody has conversations, you know, face time. And I guess it's like facetime, but it's kind of like envision.
I don't know. I don't either. I mean like Miami Mm My stuff kids, they're just like whatever. They're one of them 17. They don't know how they don't have to pick up the phone and call their friends.
Yes. Not to say hello. You know, they have like, you know, they, they break up with people over taste methods.
Oh yes, they are. But that's how they talk to each other. That instagram Snapchat, all that dumb
stop.
Well, what about your order? You didn't like go up for the phone in your hand. You probably had like the old school phone line. I remember when I was taking middle school and my dad finally put in a second phone line for me
because he had a flat tire and he kept trying to call the house and he couldn't get through. He had to meet the operator emergency breakthrough. We didn't have called building. So he was like, you know, we didn't have this. I remember getting all that as a child because you go over your cell phone minutes. Oh God, it's for emergencies only. You know, there was like $1.50 a minute.
Yeah. And then if you call somebody long distance back to bed. Mhm. My kids are more long distances. They're
like mine. What's long
distance
you actually?
the Startech, do you want the Startech
always a little black fun. And it was like a square and it flips like open and the internet pulled out Motorola.
It
was
the
third.
I
need
sister.
I don't
know. How
old are you?
Oh that's why. Okay so I'm 37 so you're my brother's age, you're a decade younger so you're born in the 90s. That was born in the 80s. Yeah. I don't remember too like more steak phones. Do you?
doctors.
Probably
people that had him when you happen you came out and there was like trying to think what my brother had. You had like blackberries were probably the first thing. Oh
L. D. S. Everybody had LDS or no kids had a different uh cases. But remember when you text to push like A. B. C. D. No you
actually
well.
it was like crazy because I have
memorized
so
fast at it
and then
it's hard to go to the keyboard was like what is this?
And then you had iphone that came out and touch the screen.
Yeah, I can live with that microphone Now.
We'll
head back
here.
Metal.
That thing is indestructible,
Okay. You drop it all the time and get clean, clean, clean. But you know, it still had like the analog screen, I think when you opened it. So and then we went to Blackberry and I had that little ball thing find that was kind of and I was like the first of having internet on your phone and email and
Yeah. And even in the old iphones, you were home a big one. It was like square and it looks like an ipod.
I think
in this
tiny and now it's like the whole screen stretches all the way across
and our cameras. Oh man, you remember like when you had your slips in and you try to take pictures, you
were
always
so blurry. Yeah.
Right. Oh man. And used
for messages to remember. Mm
I like
hard.
know.
How do we
get black but
not be able to work anywhere and everywhere.
two we are I mean all right.
But you know that's why they don't go outside and play they, you know, they don't when I
became
go
go go play their sister go see the neighbor's kids come home and street lights come on. I was like, oh I'm gonna sit here and play on my phone or video games and you know everything is virtual. They don't
How
many
steps the other day to sleep? Anyone Burns born after 9 11. It leaves a totally different line and more than one way.
Yeah. They don't understand how you used to get news. You know, one thing that when that happened, I was like a one. So, I mean, I remember I was in college is like going to classes canceled classes for days like sent everybody home and everybody was sitting in front of the television watching it now would be like you get all kinds of alerts going off and amber type transplant. Okay.
Morning,
You know, they 9 11 pilots trained here and bureau.
We have a flight school spirit.
No, all of them trained here. No freaks me out when we moved here. I was like, what
morning?
no, I'm from Georgia just a little north. But you know, I'm married, a guy from Miami showed up in florida. Yeah.
No, I like to get a better. There's no new in Georgia and the beaches are not pretty.
Oh, I love the beach. Yeah. Yeah.
everywhere. But they're not pretty trees. We have palm trees here. I like palm trees. Pine trees. Because you remember the kid having to pick up pine cones and pine straw home I'll be like I'll give you a penny for reporting can you pick up? That's not a good idea. Don't hold for that one.
Oh my lord. It's just a bunch of farming writer of peanuts and cotton.
You
don't go
there. I live
in it from
her near Savannah Savannah. No
everybody gets along in the airport.
Help
tell me
Jordan
where they have all the little country town.
Okay so I went to school up near there in Athens. Athens between Atlanta Augusta. For the masters. Yeah.
Oh yeah. No no I grew up near Savannah, grew up 45 minutes from Savannah. And then I went to school late an hour from Atlanta. So I grew up like four hours from below. Yeah. Yeah.
three
hours 4.
The concrete
jungle. Oh. Oh my gosh.
But
it's like
if you like the big city, I'm sure you'd love it. But Miami is a better speak to me. I love Miami.
My results. There's always something to do with Miami.
Leaving
Lincoln Road if
you are
Yeah, I know it's beautiful. And then risk Carlson's at the end, all kinds of restaurants and boutiques and gosh, so good food down there. No
happened to new york when I went in college. We're like, we had like internships hanging out to go six days for six hours credit everybody if they get their life and it was miserable. And I said I'm never going to forget this like what careers and be done. No I mean I was just gross and everything is dirty and I don't know my so much cleaner like I don't know if people pick up their trash I don't know what it's always like this you know.
but my new york should be all the small they're creating up there nice
all
the time. Why do you think they're angry? It's okay. Yeah. Oh okay.
Right. Uh What's that? Tell
you all migrate to new york?
No
that's
trump.
Okay lets shelter.
your money. Well they tried to give you a better chance who would want to be a homeless person in new york? I'd much rather than send me somewhere where people are more compassionate might you know you find a job and not just gently you go, oh
well you didn't fall out on your look whenever you don't at least they're trying, you gotta give him credit.
You're gonna get in trouble for having this long with coffee right now. Mhm.
You're gonna hold out once that your boss? Mhm.
Yeah, I mean you're young, so you probably one of the newest employees better watch out,
you
don't.
mm you don't get to work remotely, huh?
Oh yeah, I love we're here, man. Yeah,
oh, it's the best like working in pajamas, nobody knows, you know, for the bathroom when you want to take your coffee break, when you want to
open
hills,
No,
how did you guess?
don't
know.
Well no, it's two o'clock in the afternoon here,
but we drink coffee in the afternoon to Hopefully like 11 am there? You're you're still trying to get to lunch.
Sorry to explain this. Yeah, because you're from California so this is gonna be great. All right. So you don't feel like they have shows like Grey's Anatomy comes on at eight o'clock Eastern time. So when it comes on her time at 5:00. Right?
Or do you not not show in your time zone until 8?
It's
so like yeah, that's totally fine. It's you and I think live sports or something And it's like so when the National Championship starts at 8:00 next week
It's like 5:00 and you're still at work. That's absolutely And isn't it to get dark look at 4:00 there.
Lord. That's terrible. You know florida did this whole thing on. I was so happy. It was like two years ago called Sunshine Protection. It it was to keep daylight saving time. You're around so
early.
Yeah. And it was like, and they proved all this about how tourism people would go out and eat and go to the theme parks. It makes the whole license. It would stimulate the major because people would get out and do stuff and people get so depressed after the time changes. But
there's
so wait, they pass it in the whole state of for the governor signed it in Congress. They're still waiting on the sign at all for two years. I'm like, come on. I mean, the whole I mean, it was like the only thing That both parties 100% voted on in the state of Florida, right? I mean, you know,
that never happens.
It passed with 100
democrats and republicans across the board. Independence. Everybody signed this act.
Oh yeah. People wanted, I mean everybody, we'll
tell
them.
Certainly.
I guess the guy that was our to our governor is non senator. I think he's senator for florida that signed it. And then rubio because the one that presented it, but he was trying to get other states on board California might have been one of them. But all these other states are now doing research. The only drawback was is so like, you know, we would be in a different time soon. Everybody else, some of these kids
party,
you
know, it's like in new york we would be nine o'clock in the D eight o'clock. Yeah, because
we've never change. But this
crazy part is half of florida's in central time zone anyway. Yeah. Central.
So it's already confusing enough. So they want to make the whole state just one time, right?
Well,
but
the part of the state's underneath Alabama them. So that's where it gets tricky in Georgia
now. More.
What place is different here? We got the gulf in the worst case. And Amanda Ocean on the East Coast nearly
was quite a drop into the ocean. Yeah
I live in texas. Mhm. I always said that in texas. I love texas bombing.
Everything
three agreed you got all these big cities and
then you got beaches close to Mexico.
Your place in Mexico too. Aren't you know? You're in the middle State aren't you? Thank you.
But
they are still posted. Hawaii never been to hawaii.
Life.
Well
prepared to
it.
Greece.
Oh I'm
It's just
like every other state. No we got the caribbean I guess.
Mhm. Where are you
going?
No. Which which island again? It's like so many.
Nothing.
All right. No. No that's the capital. That sounds kind of nasty. No offense. Are you staying?
Okay then you'll be fine. Just awesome. You know they have now when you get there there's gonna be a sweet that goes between the buildings like this. It's really
Michael Jackson. Sweet.
Oh no. It went for $20,000 a night.
Him and Oprah. But now the Atlanta. Just awesome to have an underground like aquarium thing. You got a tour that and then you got to ride the water slide. Is it gonna come straight down into the middle hotel?
You
have
four.
The
new
book. They have great casino.
And then you gotta
you gotta get a fat Tuesdays and pass all before you leave.
Thank you
johanna.
And they have a senor
frogs. And they all lived shopping. They have like you know louis and all this stuff. Yeah. All the
crew for the parties. But you know
I like the little
island. Not sounds like commercialized. Yeah. I'm married and.
You know I don't know what happened.