Mhm. Change. Hello?
Oh how are you? Sorry,
my thumb
was right in the way. Um He's been Okay. Well
here
we are.
Where do you lift?
I'm in Dallas well outside of Dallas in rail left.
Yeah, I'm from about five miles from here so I never left. But I think is it true that people in Austin are not from there? I mean most of them. Yeah.
Where are you from?
Vermont?
I want to go there.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know what I mean. I know it's a cool place. I haven't been there many times but I mean I've been through there I guess but Dallas, I know texas is a big transplant state it seems like, but because real estate is so cheap here, you can sell your house almost anywhere and then really have a good house here I guess if that's what you want. But
what do you go ahead?
Probably,
I mean I think Dallas pretty much everyone I grew up, it stayed here you know I I know there's a couple that you see on facebook that you went to school with um that have gone somewhere else but usually it's in texas you know so Texans kind of like texas although
why it's so hot and to me there's nothing to see.
Well I'm sure getting out of the cold is probably the best
part. Right? I'm sure.
What?
If
that
would be so cool.
Right. It is you rarely I mean I'm sure that you don't even wear a coat here. I mean there's
not
really much reason rarely ever even my Children we have coats of course we bottom at every stage but they may have worn them once you know each time it's just to date hot.
Have you since 2015? I can't remember.
I don't remember when it was say
they're just like you don't know when it was. I do remember it did once
but
recently.
yeah that means that means enough that there's white on top of the dead grass and
that's all you see. So what brought you to texas? Uh
you are. That's how
old are you?
You're 28. Okay. What are you what are you studying
better?
Good grief child.
Next
word.
Are you Yeah.
All
So
you're going
what does he do?
I would go back to family. You can never I mean you you can just of course I just lost my mom last friday.
And
uh I'm too it's been a she was 85 she was you know, lived a full life, but it's never enough time, you know, So um Mhm. It's been it's been a tough time. So of course I would say go be with your parents while you have your parents, you know, one or both. It it will make a difference in your life. I have a sister who moved away at I mean as soon as she can get out, she left at age 17 and she's lived all over the US. She got married, her husband sold clothes and traveled um and she came back after 40 years, you know, but she missed a lot, you know, and I'm sure that she has a lot of and she does have a lot of experiences that I never had, but I was more of the home body, you know, me with mom and dad. Uh but it's you know, she has often said, you know, I I'm moving back because I lost so much time, so you just don't know, you don't know and I'm so fortunate to have my parents this long. It is, you know, not many people can probably say that I'm 54 years old, you know, um but it's a very, very important thing if you're close to your family at all and it looks like you are, sounds like you are so it's it's important. Go ahead.
that was
my, that was my oldest sister.
no, mm
thank
you.
But
thank
you.
It's
true. It
is true,
this
is very,
very,
right, but when you if you bring another being into it, it is, I think it's important, you know, for like you said, your cousins, I um I grew up with my cousins, I can't imagine not, you know, having, but you know, the kids are of course people say kids are resilient, they can't make it through everything that doesn't shape their future, but you know, they'll they'll have friends, but it's it's a wonderful thing to be close to grandparents and you know, blah blah blah. But it is true, it's true.
I have three sons of one who's 28 birthdays today.
Yes, he's he is 28 he's autistic, so he still lives with us and uh but he's great kid, very compassionate, very um Mhm. I don't know that he wants so badly to move out and move on, but I don't know that he'll ever have, I don't know, there are things he does know that I never thought he would do, you know, accomplishing things in his life, But um then I have a 24 year old, almost 25 he I have quite a lot suffers from severe depression, so he has never
the homework
and then I have a 17 year old son through son and he is home driving me crazy from high school. But he he and I are very close, we're a lot alike, the sense of humor. Um but he has a a disease that I passed to him. So all three of my sons each have a you know what whatever you want to call,
their
their own
little thing. So it's uh you know I grew up with it, it's called hypothesis two minutes rickets in old terms. Um But you know it's the older I've gotten it disabling more, but you know each one of them, you know you try to teach them how to navigate life with. Mhm. That I don't want to see a disability. Two of those you can I guess. Well, I don't know if they're all disabilities or what, but I try to tell them everybody has something that may not look like it. Everybody has uh something even though it may not be to you, I guess for much I'm sick. It may not be something that you think is that uh bed, you know, there's always something in someone's life that shapes who they are and and it's a negative thing.
I
don't know what I'm trying to say.
Thank
you.
It
is look
All
And and that's true.
They do. And the the two that aren't autistic, the younger ones really, you know, they they're very helpful and and they each have learned to deal with them because these are sometimes but uh you know I think the best thing if there's any good thing that's come out of it is they're both so compassionate and in a way that people who have not been exposed to that that only they can understand, you know? So there there is something and and two I've just found I don't know I came to this realization when he was in grade school that you know, disabilities are so a lot easier to deal with when they're physical and people can see it but it's mental illness then it's a lot harder to take into be patient with sometimes. You know, you just can't you can't see that they're not in a wheelchair. The compassion isn't I'm not saying it's not there but it's not obvious so. Mhm. That's
interesting,
that's
true.
in front
of them and and some people won't get past you know the first threshold enough to recognize
it, you know and and but I've learned as a human a lot of times week we don't give everybody that that chance. You know we start the judgment early on you know and and just the small things when uh we may never know but I've learned to always give the benefit of the doubt or I think I do you know I'm trying to and that's what I try to teach the boys. You don't know what where somebody came from that day. You have no idea where they walked. So don't judge you know try
to
uphold your you know your values and and think of them as it were as if it were you know someone that you knew they had a hard day. Everybody, people can be rude and he works in a grocery store. You know, he will come home and people are so rude to, you know, and I'm just like, I know honey, but uh, you know, so just take it and go on, take it and and consider that maybe they have someone at home that's sick. You know, I don't know what to say.
But
no,
you don't.
No,
no,
you
don't unfortunately. But everybody does it. We may not want to admit it. I think we do it sometimes, you know over the phone or whatever unless you're just an exceptional person and there probably
are.
I do too. I wish I didn't get so irritated, angry and impatient. But I don't always. But anyway,
Right.
Well
I
can.
But
we try. It's not always easy. It's not, but it's a challenge, but it's life I'm figuring out life is not, it's I'm not sure it's fun. I used to, I used to think that's what it was supposed to be. You know, and the older I get after you walked the road, I guess for some, well for some people, maybe it is. And for some people, I just think, I guess it's the outward view of what, what I'm projecting onto their life. How much not money, but you know how they look so happy and yeah,
but
they
do
hurdle.
That's
true.
For who knows why what is your thesis over or we're not not as thesis. What's it called?
Dissertation?
No.
that's
true.
Beat.
And and you won't talk about it. You're not going to talk about it. I mean it takes a very well, I don't know if it's confident if it's what, but it is not something you're going to go in and sit with your account Ecologist and say, I want to have, you know, you're, you're not going to talk about that. You don't want to be weirdo or whatever. So
that's
interesting.
Brown.
That yeah.
I'm
sure that they are. I'm sure, you know, I hadn't even thought of that. I mean, I know it's, it's, I figure for them it's very textbook and okay. I ask you this question, but I have had one asked me or you know, occasionally, but I, I never answer truthfully. I mean, I'm not gonna, you know, I didn't then just was just, I
didn't
want to be
seen as,
Go
Right. That is true. That's a huge scope. It is. I never I never knew anyone ever would have would study that. You know, it is amazing that it has, it has not been um a top subject, you know, half of the world's women or I guess, I mean theoretically it behalf of women. So how how
is it
not?
It sure is. It is. And it's often in in the busier you get with Children, you know, and your job. That's just the last thing. You know, if
it I'm saying if it were if it were a product of the hormones or whatever, you don't even have time to think about that. You know, So, so what a wonderful thing to be able to experience that. I mean, it would make it totally different if you knew that that was gonna be a great part of your life that you could just um transfer over to for an evening. You know, it's it's just life gets really carried, so, mm hmm.
Everyone
should be able to have that and we should be able to fill the freedom to to ask for that,
that
is
Well, it's gonna be a woman doing it. It's never gonna be
so
good going girl
get going.
it
that's that's great. That's really great. So
when will you finish, when do you finish your college or your?
good.
Well, hopefully it'll be a normal world or
it's got to be at least halfway normal. It's got to be something better than this.
I
don't know. I get at first I thought, you know, I guess ignorance and hope, you know, I was thinking, oh, you know july and now the reality slaps in the face. I'm like that's a foolish thought. You know, it's not going to be july, it's probably not going to be this year, you know? I don't know, but
and
odd.
That's what's killing me. I mean, I just I didn't realize I didn't even I think that it would spill over to how how they modeled the school year, the coming school year. It didn't cross my mind, literally. So wow,
no,
he
could care less. He was done after spring break when we had we went to spring break, March, whatever Middlemarch, and then they extended it a week and then after that, before that week was over they called and said it's gonna be two more weeks and then we'll make a decision you know, So it was kind of delaying and I think you know his um I guess algebra teacher text me and I said hey your son is work. I'm like so sorry at that point you know my mom was in the hospital and he I just said well you know to be real honest he's kind of checked out. He's kind of he said most of them have which made me feel a little better but now with all of you know my mother in the hospital and then her passing away and all of that he's way behind. So I don't know I am gonna I guess write an email to his teachers and tell them what's going on. But I am trying to make him you know finish everything but we get a an email stating all the missing assignments and it's a few lines. So he's got some work to do and he doesn't care. You know I did tell him a couple of days ago. He never liked to talk about it. Of course. Why would you why would you want to talk about that? Um So so in voluntarily he had to talk about it. But I told him that you know, we we did get information that said you'd hate for your child to lose a whole school year. You know? And and it would uh he makes A. And B. So I think even he his reasoning is that if he fails uh what six weeks or semester it'll be okay because it'll all average out, you know? And and maybe it wouldn't do again. I can't say it wouldn't but he could care less. He could care less. But
what?
He is.
It
is, isn't
it? It's just a strange I mean I'm twice your age. I've never seen anything like this. I mean I guess no one has unless you were in the 1918 pandemic. I'm sure it didn't look like this anyway. But it's just weird.
It's freaking weird. Is what it is.
No.
It is. Yeah.
We think, yeah. He he kind of I think parcels things out. I'd like to say not shallowly. He's a very good thinker, but I know what you're saying and
I'm glad
that it has happened now. You know? It is. I'm I I wanted to be for the adults, so to speak. You know, he's still living here obviously under our care and all he has to worry about is his school work. You know, and
I'm thankful for that you can't protect them forever. But I will as long as I can you know I will I will as long as I can. Well I guess we're at the end of our time I've certainly enjoyed what's your name?
Ariel. I'm Phyllis
to meet you
too. I've totally enjoyed it and good luck with your studies. I hope that next year is normal for you
and
no sure it's
just
another day for
me.
But thank you it um She was the best mom. She she was. Everybody thinks they're there is but I can say unbiased sure she was the best but we were best friends and uh
it is. She is sorely missed.
I
know I thought what if I didn't and it wouldn't be as painful but everyone says after the grieving you know the memories will be forefront
so yeah I look forward to that you
know
I'm
sorry
sorry sorry.
neither.
Didn't
think I would. I will
thank you
so
much Ariel.
What
I do.
No.
it was a wonderful thing it was. Thank you very much Ariel.
Yes you too.