Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes, Yeah, Yeah. Mhm. That's better. Mhm. What? Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm, Mhm. Yeah, I think, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Um I Uh huh Mhm. Beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm, mm hmm.
Hi,
I'm good.
How are you?
Well, here
we are doing
it.
Uh I live in Austin texas. Where do you live?
nice. Are you from the area originally?
I'm not from here, so
I'm from Vermont originally,
but
it's a lovely state.
but yeah, most people that I run into here are not from Austin, it seems like there's a lot of people from California, um
other parts of texas, but even other tek like Texans are still hard to come by in austin.
so
I imagine um that the makeup is different in Dallas and Houston than Austin. My impression is that there's a lot more Texans
in those areas.
I mean
Mhm. I really like it down here.
That's
good part. I have not missed the winters up there. The winter down here
just kind of reminds me of a really prolonged
fall in the north where it's like the perfect
temperature
and it's like just you know kind of breezy kind of crisp.
I
I.
I know. So I've been in in texas since 2015. Um And over that time I've seen snow twice here.
it's
this
I
mean it only
stuck on the ground once and by sticking on the ground there was like a tiny little dusting
it.
so I'm going to school at U. T.
so
I'm 28.
I'm
just about done my PhD in clinical psychology.
So you know so it's almost done and unfortunately I'm moving
next month
back to the Northeast.
my uh
my husband and I we were kind of like debating, do we stay in texas? Do we move out of Austin? Because we really like some of the like towns that are outside of Austin like bash drop and and dripping springs and stuff. Um Or do we go back northeast to where our families are? Because my family's all in Vermont and his family's all in massachusetts, so we're gonna we're gonna
go back
to family.
Uh He's a civil engineer.
I'm so
sorry.
it's a my like my folks and I had a really rocky kind of relationship when I was younger and in high school and kind of like trying to break their control over me and everything
and
and then for college I left I went to college in Canada just to like get away
then I came down here and it's been nice, but like the
more
that um like my husband, I don't have any kids, but you
know, we would like to eventually and stuff and just the idea of there being grandparents and like and aunts and uncles and cousins, like I was really
close
with my cousins growing up
and
there's
there's so much
that
kind of
comes with being around family that is easy to forget when um you're just one person like it's just kind of been meaning for the past 10 years, you know?
Do you have any kids?
Oh happy birthday to him?
my gosh, good
for you.
Their own little thing that
they're dealing
with.
absolutely
everything
Yeah, no I totally agree everybody has a hurdle and I think
that can be something
that's that's really easy to overlook,
especially
when someone's going through their own struggle, it can really
feel like they're going through it alone. Um
And so I wonder how much with each of your boys kind of having his own personal hurdle, how much that can also be sort of a bonding thing for them that you know really seeing that they're not alone even though something about them, it's different from the other person that they also have their own challenge.
Yeah. It would
it would make I imagine that it would make people have to pay more attention, have
to
um you know take a moment to recognize that something might be different as opposed to having that q right there in front of them. Like you're saying like being
in
totally.
You
know
We don't
know what they're going through
that made
them
lash out like that
or act that
way.
I wish
I were.
Well it sounds like you're really doing
the best you can to
build
their self
esteem and
teach them morals and yeah.
I
know there are those people that look incredibly happy and like they have everything and kind of bringing it back to what you were saying before that everyone's got their
own hurdle and you know there
are a lot of
those people that seem so perfectly content from the outside that really are struggling on the inside
for
who knows why?
The high
desert. Yeah, same thing. Um I was looking at the impact of hormonal birth
control on women's sexual function um because so much research has paid attention to just the contraceptive aspects and how, you
know, if we change
people's hormones then they won't get pregnant. But hormones are also really important to women having satisfying sex lives. And so I'm trying to kind of bring some research to the fact that it just seems like women's sexuality has been really kind of repressed and pushed down and you know women because they're the ones that get pregnant, they carry the burden of contraception and a lot of cultures and um and these hormones are doing things to our bodies that were not really
counselled on because we don't know what the effects are on our.
And so
part
of part of what I'm in this group of um people that are trying to disseminate all of this information to gynecologists and come up with educational um like little programs
that gynecologist and general practitioners can take part in so that they learn how to ask their patients. Like
Hey, have you been struggling with low desire? Like how are things going in your relationship? Because just like patients are often uncomfortable asking those questions, providers
are also often really uncomfortable.
And
I think
like
whether you're going to answer truthfully is really going to depend on um how serious how um curious your provider really seems like if you're talking with them and they approach this. Not in a textbook way of like and house desire, house vaginal dryness. How's this and that? You know? But it seems like they really care about you and that's why because going to be a psychologist,
not an MD. And so we're trying to bring some of this psychology perspective into, you know, the more medical fields so that they can ask questions that are really important to people's health and people feel comfortable answering.
How
come
people have not yet advocated for themselves as sexual beings, you know, and their sexual health and things that people do, They alter their body through hormones, because pregnancy prevention is foremost on a lot of people's minds instead of um you know, having a good sex life and still being able to, you know, experience pleasure. Which is generally been something that we leave to the men
I am.
And I um so I talked with a lot of women throughout some of my studies and stuff and I hear these kind of the descriptions that you're alluding to, where there are some people that say like it's this chore and I dread it, but I feel like I need to do it because, you know, my husband really wants it. And so I put up with it and then there's these other people that are like, I come home from a long day of work and then my husband and I get to have sex and it just resets me, you know, and it's its connection and and so I really
like.
Yes. Yeah. And I
think that's
that's something that is limiting right now, is that because of our history, you know, women's um not being considered the important sex and, you know, our sexual identities even more so, not being considered crucial, are having to kind of stand up for ourselves to figure out how we can get that pleasure back. So,
no,
they're content.
Thanks.
So that's sort of where I'm trying to go.
I really hope that um you know, I'll be able to use the experience in the education that I've got to be able to start um you know, helping women feel like they can advocate for themselves as sexual beings.
That's
So I am, I'm all done with the school portion of it, but before we technically graduate, we do one year residency where we go to a hospital and we do therapy for for different things and stuff like that. And so that's what's bringing my husband and I up to New England. So I'm gonna go there for my residency and then I officially graduate next spring and we'll be able
to apply for jobs. So
I know,
I know, I don't know how long we're going to be in this weird
world.
No schools
don't even know if
they're going to reopen in the fall.
So how's how's your 17 year old doing with it with this all
this
ambition,
I'm sure he's
got so much that he's trying to, you know, wrap his head around from
his grandmother passing away to the whole world, kind of shut
down
now.
It's weird.
And I'm glad at least that I'm like not not to say that your 17 year old as a kid by any means, but I feel like the
older that you get when you're going through, the more you're able to rationalize, the more you are able to understand
and
just
different.
Good.
Ariel, what's your name,
Phyllis? It's really nice to meet you. This is
enjoyable.
Thank you. And same to you and good
luck with everything you've got going on and again,
send
my condolences
about
your mother.
That sounds like a really special relationship.
Yeah. Well I'm you know, I'm glad that you get to have those feelings then and that you get to miss her because you had a good relationship
because
well
I
look
forward
to that for, you know that's
it's okay you're going through so much I am can't imagine. So you
hang
in there
and you
know,
just
appreciate the relationship that you had with your mom because
you know, not everybody
is as blessed
to be able to say that they were best friends with their mom and that sounds so nice.
All right. Have a good rest of your day.