SPEAKER_L: yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Thank you. Thank you. Mhm. People are going to get me anything. Mhm. Looking for something, Yeah, mm hmm. People, mm. Yeah. Okay. You can talk to, yeah. Thank you. At least three people. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, going down differently. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, what? Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Oh yes. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The only thing, yeah. Mhm Oh, mhm. Yeah. Mhm. What? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Um Uh huh. Yeah. Oh, off, Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how you doing?
SPEAKER_L: You made it,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did. Sorry, we lost power yesterday. So I had to start my computer up and I had to go through all this trouble shooting stuff. So sorry, it was a couple minutes
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: late.
SPEAKER_L: no, no, no, you're fine. I was just going to hang around a little bit anyhow. It's not like I have anything better to do at the moment.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it looks like I made it just another wire 805 Sorry about that.
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. I'm glad to see you. My name is Jordan
SPEAKER_R: Hey, I'm James nice to meet you
SPEAKER_L: James Pleasure. Where are you calling from?
SPEAKER_R: live in Orlando. Yes, Yeah. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Um I am in Tempe Arizona.
SPEAKER_R: I was just in phoenix just yesterday I flew out for our work thing. So my first time in Arizona, it's hot over there.
SPEAKER_L: It yeah this time of year and I guess depending on on what days you were here, we've last week we had a couple of good monsoon storms which
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was there Wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, sunday. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: got stuck in one of them which was a blast um in a in a literal sense, I mean before before moving here I had no idea that Arizona was or at least this part of Arizona is technically a monsoon climate. It's um it's not like the violence or southeast asian, you know type of monsoon that you associate with like you know India Vietnam but it's still technically a rainy season.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I had not really thought much about it. I mean in florida it rains like that almost every day, especially during the summer. Like, I mean that's why, you know, lost power couple days ago and since I was away from work, you know, I had worked on my computer. But yeah, so everyone's like always fun soon. I'm like, oh yeah, sure. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: If you
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: that. Um What were you doing out here?
SPEAKER_R: I am a franchise E for a company called Zoom Room and I'm getting ready to open up my location. But one just opened up in Arrowhead. So I flew out to see the pre opening work in the opening work for the one narrow. So it opened on saturday and so I came home sunday. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I am, I don't think I've ever been to arrowhead, I'm trying to look at the map in
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: my brain.
SPEAKER_R: yeah peoria. So like if it's north northwest part of phoenix, so Arrowhead is part of its really about an area inside peoria and what some city and surprise like that part.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that area is funky. It's especially
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: food.
SPEAKER_L: Sun City, which is like a master master planned community. Um I'm a I'm a geographer um by training, so I'm actually here is you, I'm finishing up my PhD um and so I do nothing but look at maps of phoenix all day, but but I have a general idea of where, of where the boundaries are, but if you look at it on, I'm just sort of an aerial image. It's it's really funky because it's all built
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: around uh Sun City is all built around um artificial lakes and golf courses and um you can't live there unless you are over 55 I think.
SPEAKER_R: Really? It's all living.
SPEAKER_L: So one time I had to do something that involved getting a a file that had all the locations of schools and the metro and you know, it has them and map them all out. And this was when I first moved here and didn't know the area very well. And there was this huge hole in the northwestern part of the Metro. And you know, my immediate reaction was this, you know, whoever made this is a piece of garbage, they left out this entire portion of the city. There are no schools here and then, you know, I did a bit of sleuthing and like, oh, it's full of elderly people. That's why there are no schools,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's funny.
SPEAKER_L: It's a strange place. I am. I'm from texas originally. Um I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: grew up outside Dallas fort Worth and then lived in Houston, so intimately familiar with gulf coast weather. Um but, but yeah, phoenix is a species into itself. It's, it's it's something fashion.
SPEAKER_R: I was there with my work with my work friends and they were like who thought like, hey, I gotta head west, found like look around in phoenix and it was like, this is a good place to build something, it's 110 degrees and there's no water, you know? Like
SPEAKER_L: It should not exist in many ways. Um That's one of the things I study is, um uh urban climate, basically because, you know, regardless of if it should exist or not, four million people still live here. So you gotta fight. You can't just abandon the city. I mean, it's a similar issue in florida where you've got, you know, Miami or whatever, you know, right at sea level. Um It's sort of like, you know, we're going to have to find a way to adapt. Uh No, this area is, is insane. I think this weekend we broke the streak for days over 110 degrees, it had been something like 50 days of consecutive. God, I'll be happy to get out of here. I want to get back to the south.
SPEAKER_R: How much more time you have left in your program? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well, um, Covid sort of threw a wrench in the works. Um I was supposed to finish in the spring. Um but just everything got pushed back all of my research. The writing was just interrupted and so honestly it's really just whenever I finish, I finish because I'm just in the writing phase right now and it's sort of anticlimactic when it's done because you just sort of smoosh it all together into one document. But um in a weird way it's actually sort of a good thing that I didn't finish
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: because the job opportunity that I thought I had in the spring evaporated because Covid sucked all the oxygen out of the room and so had I graduated, I would not have health insurance during this fun time to be uninsured. So um it's one of those weird things where you got to glean something positive out of whatever you can. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I know I'm I'm self employed. Um So I'm in the process of, you know, opening my franchise, but I got laid off from my fire company a year and a year and a half ago, so my cobra just ran out like runs out like in five days, you know, at the end of this month. So I went on the market place and got health insurance. But uh what I was doing for self employed, all contracts sales work and that all dried up when Covid hit too. So I didn't work for probably 12 weeks, luckily I was able to get some of the unemployment benefits for about eight weeks. Um, and then I just found another contract and went back to work and so I'm doing that contract now. So that has to be traveling as well. So traveling for the franchise opportunity now, I'm traveling because of this contract. So I'm getting ready to, um, I was in, I was in Tampa two weeks ago and then next week I'm going to tell Hastings week after I'm going to Pensacola. So, and then I have to go to franchise training. So I'm like traveling for the next five weeks and I'm like, this is not a great time to be traveling because of all the covid stuff too. So fingers crossed, nothing happens, you know? But
SPEAKER_L: Tell me tell me a little bit more about zoom room
SPEAKER_R: okay, yeah, so zoom room is dog training and retail. So kind of, our philosophy is that we don't train pets, We don't train dogs to train the people who love them. Right? So it is about 3000 square feet. About half of that is, um, an agility gym area. So we do obedience, we do agility, we do, um, you know, canine, good citizen comfort animals, like all these different things. So there's different levels of obedience. And we also do birthday parties and puppy playtime
SPEAKER_L: fire.
SPEAKER_R: and those sorts of things. And of course we sell dogs toys and treats. So, uh, it's a pretty new, I mean, it's not really a new concept, but now it's growing. So they kind of like gone through the Franchising pains in the last couple of years. So I think they were going to open three or four units this year and then next year, I think they're six or seven that are on the books to open. So, um, it's a, it's a pretty neat concept because it really, there's really no good way to train your dog. Currently, there is either you take it to petsmart or Petco and you have a little 10 by 10 area where they put you in like a six week class that meets every saturday at 11 a.m. And if you miss it, you're in luck. Um, or you have to maybe do something where someone comes to your house or maybe you send your dog away. Uh, and those, I'll have their pros and cons, but with zoom room, it's kind of like a community workshop things. So like that we do obedience one at several different times during the week, and obedience to several different times during the week. And you don't have to take six weeks of obedience one. If your dog is advancing quickly, you can graduate whenever to obedience to and graduate to whatever to obedience three or, you know, and so you buy packages of classes, like an eight pack and like to do a agility, you have to finish agility or you have to, uh, finish obedience one. But like, let's say, obedience one takes you four classes. You can then take those other four and apply them to agility one, or you can go to obedience to something like that. So, it really the prize is amazing flexibility for dog owners, not only uh, they can attend the classes that they want to attend when they want to attend them. And then it also meets the dog at where they're at. Because some dogs learn faster and some cut parents are more dedicated where they practice at home versus only practicing while they're in the class. So, so I'm pretty excited. Um, forget something very um, so, uh, yeah, so it's pretty exciting. I'm have location and police and everything gone through design. I've been permitting now, so construction should start next couple weeks. It takes about 68 weeks of construction in 2 to 3 weeks post construction. So I'm hoping to be done and open in the first couple weeks of november. I'm trying to be, you know, thanksgiving because if you open something, they have been thanksgiving and christmas, that's just kind of crappy. So you want to be open before thanksgiving.
SPEAKER_L: Well and you can get I guess after being established at that post christmas christmas day puppy
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Is it january and february's puppy season? So that's the other thing is I want to be open by then and what's really good, even though I only have training in retail in the plaza I'm in, there is a doggy daycare and there is a group, there are separate companies from me and across the street is a veterinarian, so they're already is sort of like a nexus of pet demand. That's in that plaza and also in the plaza, there's like a karate studio monkey joe's, which is like chuck e cheese, there's a swim school. So there's also like a lot of family activity draw there as well. So I think that plaza where I'm at just sort of has a lot of draw that is parallel demand, not conflicting demands. Right? So so that's pretty uh I'm excited, we'll see. So
SPEAKER_L: I see
SPEAKER_R: I view a
SPEAKER_L: dog.
SPEAKER_R: lot of painting. I got two dogs running around.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's what I was about to say, I see some what kinds.
SPEAKER_R: I have two black labs, so I have duck and goose. So come on, come on, either one of you, this is goose, so say hi Jordan.
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: And then
SPEAKER_L: grew up having a german shorthaired pointers and and they always used to ask oh is it a chocolate lab and no not quite um but
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that was yeah that was a long time ago, I'll get a dog one day. I I just
SPEAKER_R: Look.
SPEAKER_L: my schedule is so erratic right now I don't think the last thing I need is someone to take care of and
SPEAKER_R: No kidding
SPEAKER_L: and plus being in an apartment, I would feel guilty we grew up on acreage and so the idea of walking your dog was sort of alien because they would just run around and come back to the house when they were ready and so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I had, I lived in a condo in downtown Chicago for a couple of years and it was like you would walk your dog a couple times a
SPEAKER_L: at.
SPEAKER_R: day and that was fine. But when I moved away but I didn't send them something. But I live here in Orlando, I've got a fenced in backyard, so I just hope the sliding glass door
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and dogs run outside and they played a little while and they come in, I think that's that's the way to do it. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I definitely need to have a yard otherwise I just feel guilty like, you know, especially if you don't work at home. Yeah it is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but we're lucky now my partner who just left, he works overnight so he just left for work. So when he comes home is when I go to work and then when you know, so we're home we're home like together in the morning for a couple hours at night for a couple hours. But there's always someone home with the dogs which is nice for them. I think it's confusing for them in a bit because they don't have like a whole time that they sleep they sleep they sleep with him for a while and they're up with me and then they sleep with me for a while and they're up with him so they kind of run around all day. I think they have a pretty screwed up sleeping schedule at this
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: point.
SPEAKER_L: is, what does he do at night?
SPEAKER_R: Uh He works for lows so they do all their pricing and their floor replenishment and everything while they're closed. So he's the pricing coordinators. So um you know as stuff goes to clearance process or price changes or anything else like that. So he works sunday through thursday from 8 30 to 5:30:08:30 p.m. To 5:30 a.m.
SPEAKER_L: I can I can empathize with the weird schedule things, so my partner is um is an adjunct at one of the local colleges here and um his classes begin at like seven a.m. So he has to get up at 4 30 if he gets up after 4 30 is already running behind and you know, meanwhile I work weird hours over here and I'm lucky if I get home you know before seven and so we're sort of like got that two ships in the night thing we have, you know, a couple couple hours to spend together and then it's like, you know, 9 30 all right, I gotta go to bed and I'm like, well, I guess I'm just going to hang out, but I'm not going to
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: adopt his schedule. That's obscene.
SPEAKER_R: yeah exactly I can't adopt this schedule and like like it's 8 15 now you know my time and I'm probably gonna go to bed you know when when we're done because he comes home at 5 30 or six and dogs are all excited and wake me up. So I I get up at six because there's no commotion in the in the house and I can't read and can't really sleep through that. So um so in order for me to get a good eight hours of sleep I got to bed at nine to be asleep by 10. Uh So I can get some good sleep. But how long have you and your partner been together?
SPEAKER_L: 10.5 years a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we're
SPEAKER_L: while.
SPEAKER_R: nine. We just rated nine. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, it's our anniversary was end of july believe or
SPEAKER_L: Ice
SPEAKER_R: not. We met a
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: grinder when grinder first came out, I guess. I get someone
SPEAKER_L: wait,
SPEAKER_R: to hold on a second.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, of course.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: So grinder.
SPEAKER_L: David and I met on a met on a chat room, so same, same sort of thing. Um when, when those things are really, yeah, still in there, it's strange, it hasn't been that long, but that stuff was still really in its infancy, right? And now it's just ubiquitous and you know, no one would think twice about it today, you know, Oh, you found someone on an app, whatever, but back then it was sort of maybe a little bit more eyebrow raising and so
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: for for a while we sort of, well, I don't want to say we lied. We um came up with an alternative story in which we met through mutual friends um in a very broad sense of the word were, you know, we're all friends. Um and so now though, you know, people, people don't care, but then, you know, and then they're sort of like um
SPEAKER_R: I met one of my boyfriends on gay dot com back in like 2000 and four and we told people that we met at a bit in a bank robbery. That was our story were like, because that was, you know, you didn't really tell people
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: that you met on the internet back in 2000 and four. Like we met in a bank robbery, we both tackled the robbery. You tell people? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh oh gosh, Yeah, that's so crazy. You take it for granted. I don't know. But I mean, how is that any different from just meeting some Rando in a bar? Honestly, if anything, it's more targeted and you get to know the person better? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was listening to really interesting podcast. I don't you on NPR Business Wars. I don't know if you've ever heard of that podcast, but they do um sorry, just dropped something. They they do kind of like, you know, 4 to 6 part series of like dueling companies, like they do Uber vs. Lift and Mcdonald's burger king and essentially they're talking about like how the whole industry grew up and transformed and the most recent one was online dating. So started with um match any harmony and, and sort of like us a series went on actually and grinder with one of the first because grinder actually innovated to your location when it came to dating apps. And there's, you know, talking about bumble and coffee meets bagel and you know, kind of all the interesting behind the scenes action that happened with the different leadership groups. It's really interesting. They, you know, they take some dramatic license, right? Because they don't know what's said, but there, you know, but they have, you know, I guess little cut scenes where they sort of enact reenact like what happens in the border are these private conversations. So yeah, and I was just listening to ups versus Fedex. Um I think that's the most recent one, but they're all really interesting because not only do you hear about how these two companies maybe battle with each other, but you're also learning about kind of how the industry is forming because large use of these huge industries that we have now didn't even exist 30 years ago, right? Like rideshare companies didn't exist overnight, Shipping didn't exist online, didn't didn't exist. So it's very interesting. So it's called business Wars. Have you ever, you know our podcast listener? But now that I drive and travel so much, I listen a lot of podcasts, so it's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: You say, I wonder if they match the set because we're gay and listen to NPR
SPEAKER_R: I think that's just a random
SPEAKER_L: random. Yeah. Um, no, that's so funny. No, I'll look into it certainly. Um, I'm listening to one right now and I know I'm gonna butcher the name, but it's by the folks who did cereal. Um, sarah Koenig they did the, it was the guy who was accused of murdering um, some, some girl back in the nineties. It was a big sort of one of those true crimes thing and then the other one, the next season was on Bowe Bergdahl um, in his uh, desertion in Afghanistan. Um, but this one has sort of taken a, taken a bit of a turn. Um, and it's called God, it's called something to the effect of helpful white parents or, or well meaning white parents or something, something like that.
SPEAKER_R: I think I've seen something like that pop up in like a recommended feed that I haven't I haven't looked at it.
SPEAKER_L: It's really interesting. Um, it's about a school in the Bronx and basically the school in the Bronx. Um, uh, I guess we'll, it tackles a bunch of issues foremost, gentrification and how basically, you know, how hyper competitive school in new york is, I guess. Um, and these white parents sort of going and almost colonizing like in a, in a school. And then the reach is sort of a tipping point where after they said the statistic was after 26% of the school becomes white. That's sort of the declaring call for all the other white parents to come come and join the school. Um, and so I'm only, I'm only, um, I just finished the second episode, but the first one was all about how, how well meaning, but misguided. Um, some of the fundraising efforts were, um, because he had one dude who came from came from a professional development background and they were saying, you know, at his previous school where his kid went, you know, the Peta raised something like $800,000 that year and compared to this other school where his son goes now, which raised $2000 and so he goes in sort of guns blazing, you know, talking about all of the things that they could be doing better and you can imagine how that might be received.
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: Um so that one, that one's really cool, but I'm always looking for stuff because I
SPEAKER_R: I usually listen every morning like NPR news and up first and on sunday they up first is usually like here's the first episode of one of our other podcast. And remember them talking a little bit about what you're the podcast you're talking about.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, Ira Glass is one of the producers there. It's a really great um I mean, I don't know, I can I can praise NPR all day long. Um It sounds so
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: lame.
SPEAKER_R: do you contribute, are you donate or you remember?
SPEAKER_L: I so here's the lame thing. I donate to two stations because
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't, when I, when I moved to phoenix from Arizona, I couldn't bring my heart when I moved to phoenix, Arizona from Houston, I couldn't bring myself to cancel my, my NPR Houston um
SPEAKER_R: that started,
SPEAKER_L: one and so I support to NPR stations and a classical music station, otherwise that uh liberal guilt would just consume me.
SPEAKER_R: I just have one state, so I guess I'm a bad liberal, but
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: and that's,
SPEAKER_R: I don't remember the other stations.
SPEAKER_L: but you know, I'll yeah, that's that's just a weird no, anyway, I'm very strange and the things that I, the guilt that I compartmentalize having grown up catholic, um yeah, because if you don't, if you don't pay in and I do the same thing for PBS too, um just because yeah, it's a public service and we all benefit from it, and
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm surprised you're not watching the Republican national Convention then if uh
SPEAKER_L: I am, yeah, I'd rather be uh sticking pins in my eyes, it's going to be a blast. Oh God, yeah, that's the thing. Well, and you can empathize living in state, like florida, um Arizona sort of the same way right now um where
SPEAKER_R: Very perfect.
SPEAKER_L: it's a it's a toss up and even back home in texas, it's it's way more competitive than it than it should be uh by virtue of the fact that he's such a horrible candidate. Um and and republicans are avoiding them, like the plague. Um I
SPEAKER_R: They could
SPEAKER_L: looked at the rust.
SPEAKER_R: they didn't even produce um uh an agenda or like a platform, right? They just said like our platforms whatever donald trump
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: says.
SPEAKER_L: support the president, yep, I mean, that's sort of like, I don't know, talk about like cult of personality when the platform becomes the person, and I don't know, they've all sort of tied themselves to the sinking ship in a lot of ways. Um because I don't know, well, you look at the speaker lineup of all
SPEAKER_R: Half
SPEAKER_L: the folks
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: who
SPEAKER_R: our truck.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, like members of his family, like what the hell? And and him he's going to talk every night.
SPEAKER_R: Every night.
SPEAKER_L: uh And and all of the Yeah and all of the politicians who are just sort of avoiding, you know, they don't want any association with the convention, whereas in a regular year they'd be all up over that thing so I can't.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I heard like already 70 republicans have endorsed joe biden at this point, which you know, I would endorse the rotten tomato over joe biden or I mean job you know are over donald
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: trump
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: but uh you know, uh you know joe biden certainly is not a strong candidate himself but he sure has had a lot stronger than donald trump, you
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: is and I'm confident that he'll surround himself with good people. I like, I like I like Kamala Harris. Um I think she was a good pick for VP. Um My heart belongs to Elizabeth Warren because I'm a hyper educated loser who lives in a bubble and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: thought she had way more support in the primaries than she actually did. I was like all of my friends like Liz Warren, I don't understand.
SPEAKER_R: Now I'm big pete buddha judge, I've been a Pete fan since when he was still exploring even before he announced his candidacy when he was still in the exploratory phase. So I think I donated probably over three or $400 to his campaign over, especially during the primaries and like when you went Iowa and all that kind of stuff when we really thought that you had a chance
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: there were a lot of really um I mean I guess I know everyone sort of like feels shitty about having to settle for biden, but I think that the primary really showcased a lot of talent in the party and you're already talking about folks like Mayor Pete and you know Elizabeth Warren and collaborator, all these people sort of starting to get eyeballed for cabinet positions and I mean that's that's the thing, I don't know if you watch the Democratic national convention last week, but um there was there was this whole thing on one of the days where they they focused on the up and up and coming young stars in the party and it was really, I don't know, the production quality was primo and and it sounds so cliche to say that it was inspiring, but, but I mean certainly more uplifting than the alternative. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You don't want to hear from the Missouri gun toters against the black lives matters people. That's, that's going to be
SPEAKER_L: I am. Well, I don't know. I don't, you're not. Are you from florida florida or
SPEAKER_R: no problem. I originally grew up in michigan and then lived in Illinois and in Ohio, so
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I mean we, we moved to texas when I was four from the Washington Dc area. Uh, my dad's ex military and then got a job with Motorola in texas. His family's from Oklahoma. My mom's family is from the northeast. Um, so texas was a big change for her. And so more or less grew up in texas, rural north texas too. And so yeah, I know those people, like in some perverse way, those, those are my people and, and I didn't have an on an intellectual level. I can understand, I guess if I sort of go through the mental contortions, I can understand where they're coming from. Don't agree or condone it, but, but I can All right, well, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: because I see, you know, folks who never left my hometown, you know, on facebook or whatever and I'm like, OK, yeah, I can see how you still believe that, You
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: live
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: the last time you left the county?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I live in a bubble and the world's changing around them and they're, you know, donald trump's given the opportunity to dig in his heels. It was really upsetting at the opening the summer opening. One of my peers who is the operations manager, she is a lesbian and very masculine presenting, like, like her haircut is like your haircut, like she by
SPEAKER_L: sort of
SPEAKER_R: the press, you know, um and she was trying to help somebody in the retail area and so can I help you? And he said, no one, like you can know what it looks like, you should help me or something like that, like this guy and I felt so bad for I mean she lives in in the Bay Area, so it's in Oakland. I think it was like the first time that she had actually been really like face to face with such bigotry. I mean she told me like, oh, like I've been kicked out of bathrooms and you know, we're not really picked up, like as like, are you in the right bathroom in the dressing room? Like I had that happen but never have I really had someone like so abruptly like, refuse my help because of what I look like and uh you know, I like you in my head, I understand, you know, uh trump has empowered them a little bit to feel like they can push back against the changes in the world and even
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, scary changes,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: the third
SPEAKER_L: it's,
SPEAKER_R: half and even like, I, you know, you know on facebook or whatever and you're in these groups and these young kids are like, how can anyone believe this? And I'm like, when I was 18, you know, like, I'm 46 now, when I was 18, 19, I was coming out like, I never dreamed that like, marriage equality could happen or like transgendered rights or anything like that. Like, I was out and proud as anyone, like, I was a member of all these groups, you know, I went to University of michigan, like I went to very liberal college, I lived in Harbour was a very liberal city, you know, like, like and even back in the late nineties I couldn't I wouldn't have believed if you told me that 2016 marriage quality in 2020 transgender equality to a large degree, you know, and you know, it's hard for me to wrap my head around, let alone someone who doesn't even believe in and some of this stuff, you know, it's hard for them, I can see.
SPEAKER_L: I I sort of got lucky in a lot of ways. Um my my parents were an odd match and they're divorced now, whereas my mom was very left leaning and my dad was was more conservative and now he's completely gone off the spectrum over the edge. Like his mind has just drank the kool aid. Um but, but I was lucky to have my mom because the area where I live, I mean you're, you're in the belt buckle of the bible belt and you know, it was bad enough because we're catholic. Um and so um Yeah, no, but I was I was lucky I got the hell out of dodge when I turned 18, you know, I went to school in Houston. Um And yeah, it was very very fortunate honestly. Um you know I yeah, God, but no, I some yes stuff now, even even back then, just, you know, 15 years ago, however long it's like unimaginable. Um to me, certainly as a little kid. Hell, I mean you've been seeing someone like Mayor Pete on tv, you know, where was he when I was Well, he's my age, so he
SPEAKER_R: He's
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: raised
SPEAKER_L: doing the same thing,
SPEAKER_R: here
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: in the same thing, you were right.
SPEAKER_L: but you know, having having them having a visible god role model again sounds like a Hackney term, but really someone that you can like point at and say that is a person that I want to be like God, that would have been fucking fantastic as a kid.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I had on one hand the number of gay people I knew when I was, you know, in my late teens like Greg Louganis, you know? Yeah, the olympic, olympic diver, Greg Louganis to make them um really I couldn't even think of anyone else, you
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: know, I'm sure there were back then, you know a handful but like now you know articles on facebook whatever, it's like like here like 70 70 people who are LGBT relationships and like yeah these are all like a lot more big stars, you know and they have not really seen any repercussions to their career, you know? I mean Alan has been on both watch now she's back, she's backing for
SPEAKER_L: poor Ellen. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: she lost her career, she lost her career because she was gay, that now she's like a superstar because she's gay now she's getting you know, scrutinized over everything, you know? So but yeah, I would say you know, Alan is probably the second biggest star that I can think of when I was young, you know came out so uh yeah kids these kids got easy coming out in high school,
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah. Middle school.
SPEAKER_R: middle
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: school,
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: sometimes I'm like, what?
SPEAKER_L: the only, I mean I didn't know anyone and and the only folks you would see on tv were usually sort of the butt of the joke. Um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: and and I guess I had a very sort of visceral reaction. I don't want to be like them if that's if if, you know, if it's Jack from Will and Grace or whatever, I'm not that and
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: not having, not having anyone that I could really identify with really set me back. Um and then and then it all just the floodgates opened up in college as as it should be, but uh huh. But no, well that's so cool. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I I don't know what's going to happen in november. I mean I think I think we've got to act as if we stand a significant chance of losing otherwise
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: because I think it's hubris among other factors that got us into this position in the first place, looking at places like michigan, you know, taking it for granted. Um Two
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I voted by, in florida we have, you know, no reason vote by mail and I voted by mail
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: since probably pretty much every elections, maybe 2012 I think once
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: I voted early, but I already told my program were voting in person early this year. We normally normally we vote absentee, but I mean it's been 10 years probably, so I filled up my registration card, I'm not sure if my signature matches anymore, you know, So I'm like, I'm not taking a chance that my vote isn't going to count, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm going to have to check that stuff too. Um When
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: we're planning to move her on that point, I'm trying to get back back to texas but I'm going to I'm going to orchestrate everything such that I can still vote here um and then and then move
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Your vote accounts for in Arizona, but it does in texas for sure. So
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: that's my
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: logic.
SPEAKER_R: for job back in texas after you're done.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I am it just I miss it. I I love Houston. Um you know after I went to school there I stayed there for another couple years um My professional network is still there um Like I said, had it not been for fucking covid, I would I would be there right now with with a with a job with the the county judge and and just living it up having a great time using my stupid degree. Um God I can't I can't be embittered because it's not productive. I just need to finish and and and move on with with with a new chapter, but now I'm over it. I'm ready to get out
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's the worst when you when you can kind of see and light into the tunnel but you don't have any control over actually getting there. You just know that it's you know off in the distance and
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: things outside your control or preventing you from getting a
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah and everything going on right now, it's just like slopped a whole gallon bucket of, you know, uncertainty on top of it and you're like, oh I'm just gonna do what I can do and the only thing I have power over right now is writing. So I guess that's what I'm going to be doing right now. Um And
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm better off like I said, um than a lot of folks just by virtue of the fact that I have health insurance. So count your blessings. Say it say in the south. Um Well I think I guess it's time to wrap up. I am I didn't even know about indeed it was my partner turned me onto it. Um I mean as a researcher, I've done I've done survey work before on the opposite end, but I had no idea that this existed. Um It's really exciting. I don't know. I feel I feel good about about participating in academic academic studies.
SPEAKER_R: enjoy it. I've been doing it for prices january or february. So um you know all the different surveys on prolific and everything so, but I think it's probably like the fourth conversation like this this
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: particular study. I think it's like the fourth one I've done maybe. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I am. I I was signed up for one. No, I signed up for two and both of them were no shows. So I was really I was really worried.
SPEAKER_R: What's this?
SPEAKER_L: It was like no, not another one. But I'm so glad I got to talk. This was a
SPEAKER_R: same
SPEAKER_L: great
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: conversation,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I appreciate it. I had a good conversation with you as well and hopefully you
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: get everything wrapped up and moved to texas in the next couple of months.
SPEAKER_L: good luck with zoom room.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. I appreciate it. Take
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: care
SPEAKER_L: right, have a good evening. How do
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: too.