yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Thank you. Thank you. Mhm. People are going to get me anything. Mhm. Looking for something, Yeah, mm hmm. People, mm. Yeah. Okay. You can talk to, yeah. Thank you. At least three people. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, going down differently. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, what? Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Oh yes. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The only thing, yeah. Mhm Oh, mhm. Yeah. Mhm. What? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Um Uh huh. Yeah. Oh, off, Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh
You made it,
No,
no, no, no, you're fine. I was just going to hang around a little bit anyhow. It's not like I have anything better to do at the moment.
I'm good. I'm glad to see you. My name is Jordan
James Pleasure. Where are you calling from?
Um I am in Tempe Arizona.
It yeah this time of year and I guess depending on on what days you were here, we've last week we had a couple of good monsoon storms which
got stuck in one of them which was a blast um in a in a literal sense, I mean before before moving here I had no idea that Arizona was or at least this part of Arizona is technically a monsoon climate. It's um it's not like the violence or southeast asian, you know type of monsoon that you associate with like you know India Vietnam but it's still technically a rainy season.
I'm
good
at
that. Um What were you doing out here?
I am, I don't think I've ever been to arrowhead, I'm trying to look at the map in
my brain.
Yeah, that area is funky. It's especially
like
Sun City, which is like a master master planned community. Um I'm a I'm a geographer um by training, so I'm actually here is you, I'm finishing up my PhD um and so I do nothing but look at maps of phoenix all day, but but I have a general idea of where, of where the boundaries are, but if you look at it on, I'm just sort of an aerial image. It's it's really funky because it's all built
around uh Sun City is all built around um artificial lakes and golf courses and um you can't live there unless you are over 55 I think.
So one time I had to do something that involved getting a a file that had all the locations of schools and the metro and you know, it has them and map them all out. And this was when I first moved here and didn't know the area very well. And there was this huge hole in the northwestern part of the Metro. And you know, my immediate reaction was this, you know, whoever made this is a piece of garbage, they left out this entire portion of the city. There are no schools here and then, you know, I did a bit of sleuthing and like, oh, it's full of elderly people. That's why there are no schools,
It's a strange place. I am. I'm from texas originally. Um I
grew up outside Dallas fort Worth and then lived in Houston, so intimately familiar with gulf coast weather. Um but, but yeah, phoenix is a species into itself. It's, it's it's something fashion.
It should not exist in many ways. Um That's one of the things I study is, um uh urban climate, basically because, you know, regardless of if it should exist or not, four million people still live here. So you gotta fight. You can't just abandon the city. I mean, it's a similar issue in florida where you've got, you know, Miami or whatever, you know, right at sea level. Um It's sort of like, you know, we're going to have to find a way to adapt. Uh No, this area is, is insane. I think this weekend we broke the streak for days over 110 degrees, it had been something like 50 days of consecutive. God, I'll be happy to get out of here. I want to get back to the south.
Well, um, Covid sort of threw a wrench in the works. Um I was supposed to finish in the spring. Um but just everything got pushed back all of my research. The writing was just interrupted and so honestly it's really just whenever I finish, I finish because I'm just in the writing phase right now and it's sort of anticlimactic when it's done because you just sort of smoosh it all together into one document. But um in a weird way it's actually sort of a good thing that I didn't finish
because the job opportunity that I thought I had in the spring evaporated because Covid sucked all the oxygen out of the room and so had I graduated, I would not have health insurance during this fun time to be uninsured. So um it's one of those weird things where you got to glean something positive out of whatever you can. Yeah.
Tell me tell me a little bit more about zoom room
fire.
Well and you can get I guess after being established at that post christmas christmas day puppy
I see
dog.
Yeah that's what I was about to say, I see some what kinds.
we
grew up having a german shorthaired pointers and and they always used to ask oh is it a chocolate lab and no not quite um but
that was yeah that was a long time ago, I'll get a dog one day. I I just
my schedule is so erratic right now I don't think the last thing I need is someone to take care of and
and plus being in an apartment, I would feel guilty we grew up on acreage and so the idea of walking your dog was sort of alien because they would just run around and come back to the house when they were ready and so
at.
What?
Yeah I definitely need to have a yard otherwise I just feel guilty like, you know, especially if you don't work at home. Yeah it is.
What
is, what does he do at night?
I can I can empathize with the weird schedule things, so my partner is um is an adjunct at one of the local colleges here and um his classes begin at like seven a.m. So he has to get up at 4 30 if he gets up after 4 30 is already running behind and you know, meanwhile I work weird hours over here and I'm lucky if I get home you know before seven and so we're sort of like got that two ships in the night thing we have, you know, a couple couple hours to spend together and then it's like, you know, 9 30 all right, I gotta go to bed and I'm like, well, I guess I'm just going to hang out, but I'm not going to
adopt his schedule. That's obscene.
10.5 years a
while.
Uh huh.
Ice
is
wait,
Yeah, of course.
I mean,
David and I met on a met on a chat room, so same, same sort of thing. Um when, when those things are really, yeah, still in there, it's strange, it hasn't been that long, but that stuff was still really in its infancy, right? And now it's just ubiquitous and you know, no one would think twice about it today, you know, Oh, you found someone on an app, whatever, but back then it was sort of maybe a little bit more eyebrow raising and so
for for a while we sort of, well, I don't want to say we lied. We um came up with an alternative story in which we met through mutual friends um in a very broad sense of the word were, you know, we're all friends. Um and so now though, you know, people, people don't care, but then, you know, and then they're sort of like um
and
Uh oh gosh, Yeah, that's so crazy. You take it for granted. I don't know. But I mean, how is that any different from just meeting some Rando in a bar? Honestly, if anything, it's more targeted and you get to know the person better? Yeah.
You say, I wonder if they match the set because we're gay and listen to NPR
random. Yeah. Um, no, that's so funny. No, I'll look into it certainly. Um, I'm listening to one right now and I know I'm gonna butcher the name, but it's by the folks who did cereal. Um, sarah Koenig they did the, it was the guy who was accused of murdering um, some, some girl back in the nineties. It was a big sort of one of those true crimes thing and then the other one, the next season was on Bowe Bergdahl um, in his uh, desertion in Afghanistan. Um, but this one has sort of taken a, taken a bit of a turn. Um, and it's called God, it's called something to the effect of helpful white parents or, or well meaning white parents or something, something like that.
It's really interesting. Um, it's about a school in the Bronx and basically the school in the Bronx. Um, uh, I guess we'll, it tackles a bunch of issues foremost, gentrification and how basically, you know, how hyper competitive school in new york is, I guess. Um, and these white parents sort of going and almost colonizing like in a, in a school. And then the reach is sort of a tipping point where after they said the statistic was after 26% of the school becomes white. That's sort of the declaring call for all the other white parents to come come and join the school. Um, and so I'm only, I'm only, um, I just finished the second episode, but the first one was all about how, how well meaning, but misguided. Um, some of the fundraising efforts were, um, because he had one dude who came from came from a professional development background and they were saying, you know, at his previous school where his kid went, you know, the Peta raised something like $800,000 that year and compared to this other school where his son goes now, which raised $2000 and so he goes in sort of guns blazing, you know, talking about all of the things that they could be doing better and you can imagine how that might be received.
Um so that one, that one's really cool, but I'm always looking for stuff because I
Uh huh. Yeah, Ira Glass is one of the producers there. It's a really great um I mean, I don't know, I can I can praise NPR all day long. Um It sounds so
lame.
I so here's the lame thing. I donate to two stations because
I couldn't, when I, when I moved to phoenix from Arizona, I couldn't bring my heart when I moved to phoenix, Arizona from Houston, I couldn't bring myself to cancel my, my NPR Houston um
one and so I support to NPR stations and a classical music station, otherwise that uh liberal guilt would just consume me.
No,
and that's,
but you know, I'll yeah, that's that's just a weird no, anyway, I'm very strange and the things that I, the guilt that I compartmentalize having grown up catholic, um yeah, because if you don't, if you don't pay in and I do the same thing for PBS too, um just because yeah, it's a public service and we all benefit from it, and
I am, yeah, I'd rather be uh sticking pins in my eyes, it's going to be a blast. Oh God, yeah, that's the thing. Well, and you can empathize living in state, like florida, um Arizona sort of the same way right now um where
it's a it's a toss up and even back home in texas, it's it's way more competitive than it than it should be uh by virtue of the fact that he's such a horrible candidate. Um and and republicans are avoiding them, like the plague. Um I
looked at the rust.
to
support the president, yep, I mean, that's sort of like, I don't know, talk about like cult of personality when the platform becomes the person, and I don't know, they've all sort of tied themselves to the sinking ship in a lot of ways. Um because I don't know, well, you look at the speaker lineup of all
the folks
who
yeah, like members of his family, like what the hell? And and him he's going to talk every night.
uh And and all of the Yeah and all of the politicians who are just sort of avoiding, you know, they don't want any association with the convention, whereas in a regular year they'd be all up over that thing so I can't.
I
know.
he
is and I'm confident that he'll surround himself with good people. I like, I like I like Kamala Harris. Um I think she was a good pick for VP. Um My heart belongs to Elizabeth Warren because I'm a hyper educated loser who lives in a bubble and
thought she had way more support in the primaries than she actually did. I was like all of my friends like Liz Warren, I don't understand.
Well
there were a lot of really um I mean I guess I know everyone sort of like feels shitty about having to settle for biden, but I think that the primary really showcased a lot of talent in the party and you're already talking about folks like Mayor Pete and you know Elizabeth Warren and collaborator, all these people sort of starting to get eyeballed for cabinet positions and I mean that's that's the thing, I don't know if you watch the Democratic national convention last week, but um there was there was this whole thing on one of the days where they they focused on the up and up and coming young stars in the party and it was really, I don't know, the production quality was primo and and it sounds so cliche to say that it was inspiring, but, but I mean certainly more uplifting than the alternative. Yeah.
I am. Well, I don't know. I don't, you're not. Are you from florida florida or
Oh yeah. I mean we, we moved to texas when I was four from the Washington Dc area. Uh, my dad's ex military and then got a job with Motorola in texas. His family's from Oklahoma. My mom's family is from the northeast. Um, so texas was a big change for her. And so more or less grew up in texas, rural north texas too. And so yeah, I know those people, like in some perverse way, those, those are my people and, and I didn't have an on an intellectual level. I can understand, I guess if I sort of go through the mental contortions, I can understand where they're coming from. Don't agree or condone it, but, but I can All right, well, yeah,
because I see, you know, folks who never left my hometown, you know, on facebook or whatever and I'm like, OK, yeah, I can see how you still believe that, You
know,
when
was
the last time you left the county?
sort of
Yeah, scary changes,
you know?
it's,
I I sort of got lucky in a lot of ways. Um my my parents were an odd match and they're divorced now, whereas my mom was very left leaning and my dad was was more conservative and now he's completely gone off the spectrum over the edge. Like his mind has just drank the kool aid. Um but, but I was lucky to have my mom because the area where I live, I mean you're, you're in the belt buckle of the bible belt and you know, it was bad enough because we're catholic. Um and so um Yeah, no, but I was I was lucky I got the hell out of dodge when I turned 18, you know, I went to school in Houston. Um And yeah, it was very very fortunate honestly. Um you know I yeah, God, but no, I some yes stuff now, even even back then, just, you know, 15 years ago, however long it's like unimaginable. Um to me, certainly as a little kid. Hell, I mean you've been seeing someone like Mayor Pete on tv, you know, where was he when I was Well, he's my age, so he
was
doing the same thing,
but
but you know, having having them having a visible god role model again sounds like a Hackney term, but really someone that you can like point at and say that is a person that I want to be like God, that would have been fucking fantastic as a kid.
What?
poor Ellen. Yeah.
No. Yeah. Middle school.
I
mean
the only, I mean I didn't know anyone and and the only folks you would see on tv were usually sort of the butt of the joke. Um
and and I guess I had a very sort of visceral reaction. I don't want to be like them if that's if if, you know, if it's Jack from Will and Grace or whatever, I'm not that and
so
not having, not having anyone that I could really identify with really set me back. Um and then and then it all just the floodgates opened up in college as as it should be, but uh huh. But no, well that's so cool. Um
Yeah, no, I I don't know what's going to happen in november. I mean I think I think we've got to act as if we stand a significant chance of losing otherwise
because I think it's hubris among other factors that got us into this position in the first place, looking at places like michigan, you know, taking it for granted. Um Two
Well
as
Yeah, I'm going to have to check that stuff too. Um When
we're planning to move her on that point, I'm trying to get back back to texas but I'm going to I'm going to orchestrate everything such that I can still vote here um and then and then move
That's
that's my
logic.
Yeah, I am it just I miss it. I I love Houston. Um you know after I went to school there I stayed there for another couple years um My professional network is still there um Like I said, had it not been for fucking covid, I would I would be there right now with with a with a job with the the county judge and and just living it up having a great time using my stupid degree. Um God I can't I can't be embittered because it's not productive. I just need to finish and and and move on with with with a new chapter, but now I'm over it. I'm ready to get out
well.
Oh yeah, yeah and everything going on right now, it's just like slopped a whole gallon bucket of, you know, uncertainty on top of it and you're like, oh I'm just gonna do what I can do and the only thing I have power over right now is writing. So I guess that's what I'm going to be doing right now. Um And
I'm better off like I said, um than a lot of folks just by virtue of the fact that I have health insurance. So count your blessings. Say it say in the south. Um Well I think I guess it's time to wrap up. I am I didn't even know about indeed it was my partner turned me onto it. Um I mean as a researcher, I've done I've done survey work before on the opposite end, but I had no idea that this existed. Um It's really exciting. I don't know. I feel I feel good about about participating in academic academic studies.
What?
I am. I I was signed up for one. No, I signed up for two and both of them were no shows. So I was really I was really worried.
It was like no, not another one. But I'm so glad I got to talk. This was a
great
conversation,
but
good luck with zoom room.
All
right, have a good evening. How do
we