Hey, how you doing?
Yeah, I did. Sorry, we lost power yesterday. So I had to start my computer up and I had to go through all this trouble shooting stuff. So sorry, it was a couple minutes
late.
Yeah, it looks like I made it just another wire 805 Sorry about that.
Hey, I'm James nice to meet you
live in Orlando. Yes, Yeah. How about you?
I was just in phoenix just yesterday I flew out for our work thing. So my first time in Arizona, it's hot over there.
Yeah, I was there Wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, sunday. So yeah.
Yeah. I had not really thought much about it. I mean in florida it rains like that almost every day, especially during the summer. Like, I mean that's why, you know, lost power couple days ago and since I was away from work, you know, I had worked on my computer. But yeah, so everyone's like always fun soon. I'm like, oh yeah, sure. Okay.
If you
say
so
I am a franchise E for a company called Zoom Room and I'm getting ready to open up my location. But one just opened up in Arrowhead. So I flew out to see the pre opening work in the opening work for the one narrow. So it opened on saturday and so I came home sunday. Yeah.
It's
yeah peoria. So like if it's north northwest part of phoenix, so Arrowhead is part of its really about an area inside peoria and what some city and surprise like that part.
The
food.
But
Really? It's all living.
Yeah. That's funny.
Yeah.
I was there with my work with my work friends and they were like who thought like, hey, I gotta head west, found like look around in phoenix and it was like, this is a good place to build something, it's 110 degrees and there's no water, you know? Like
How much more time you have left in your program? Mhm.
Two.
I know I'm I'm self employed. Um So I'm in the process of, you know, opening my franchise, but I got laid off from my fire company a year and a year and a half ago, so my cobra just ran out like runs out like in five days, you know, at the end of this month. So I went on the market place and got health insurance. But uh what I was doing for self employed, all contracts sales work and that all dried up when Covid hit too. So I didn't work for probably 12 weeks, luckily I was able to get some of the unemployment benefits for about eight weeks. Um, and then I just found another contract and went back to work and so I'm doing that contract now. So that has to be traveling as well. So traveling for the franchise opportunity now, I'm traveling because of this contract. So I'm getting ready to, um, I was in, I was in Tampa two weeks ago and then next week I'm going to tell Hastings week after I'm going to Pensacola. So, and then I have to go to franchise training. So I'm like traveling for the next five weeks and I'm like, this is not a great time to be traveling because of all the covid stuff too. So fingers crossed, nothing happens, you know? But
okay, yeah, so zoom room is dog training and retail. So kind of, our philosophy is that we don't train pets, We don't train dogs to train the people who love them. Right? So it is about 3000 square feet. About half of that is, um, an agility gym area. So we do obedience, we do agility, we do, um, you know, canine, good citizen comfort animals, like all these different things. So there's different levels of obedience. And we also do birthday parties and puppy playtime
and those sorts of things. And of course we sell dogs toys and treats. So, uh, it's a pretty new, I mean, it's not really a new concept, but now it's growing. So they kind of like gone through the Franchising pains in the last couple of years. So I think they were going to open three or four units this year and then next year, I think they're six or seven that are on the books to open. So, um, it's a, it's a pretty neat concept because it really, there's really no good way to train your dog. Currently, there is either you take it to petsmart or Petco and you have a little 10 by 10 area where they put you in like a six week class that meets every saturday at 11 a.m. And if you miss it, you're in luck. Um, or you have to maybe do something where someone comes to your house or maybe you send your dog away. Uh, and those, I'll have their pros and cons, but with zoom room, it's kind of like a community workshop things. So like that we do obedience one at several different times during the week, and obedience to several different times during the week. And you don't have to take six weeks of obedience one. If your dog is advancing quickly, you can graduate whenever to obedience to and graduate to whatever to obedience three or, you know, and so you buy packages of classes, like an eight pack and like to do a agility, you have to finish agility or you have to, uh, finish obedience one. But like, let's say, obedience one takes you four classes. You can then take those other four and apply them to agility one, or you can go to obedience to something like that. So, it really the prize is amazing flexibility for dog owners, not only uh, they can attend the classes that they want to attend when they want to attend them. And then it also meets the dog at where they're at. Because some dogs learn faster and some cut parents are more dedicated where they practice at home versus only practicing while they're in the class. So, so I'm pretty excited. Um, forget something very um, so, uh, yeah, so it's pretty exciting. I'm have location and police and everything gone through design. I've been permitting now, so construction should start next couple weeks. It takes about 68 weeks of construction in 2 to 3 weeks post construction. So I'm hoping to be done and open in the first couple weeks of november. I'm trying to be, you know, thanksgiving because if you open something, they have been thanksgiving and christmas, that's just kind of crappy. So you want to be open before thanksgiving.
Yeah. Is it january and february's puppy season? So that's the other thing is I want to be open by then and what's really good, even though I only have training in retail in the plaza I'm in, there is a doggy daycare and there is a group, there are separate companies from me and across the street is a veterinarian, so they're already is sort of like a nexus of pet demand. That's in that plaza and also in the plaza, there's like a karate studio monkey joe's, which is like chuck e cheese, there's a swim school. So there's also like a lot of family activity draw there as well. So I think that plaza where I'm at just sort of has a lot of draw that is parallel demand, not conflicting demands. Right? So so that's pretty uh I'm excited, we'll see. So
I view a
lot of painting. I got two dogs running around.
I have two black labs, so I have duck and goose. So come on, come on, either one of you, this is goose, so say hi Jordan.
And then
Mhm.
Look.
No kidding
Yeah. I had, I lived in a condo in downtown Chicago for a couple of years and it was like you would walk your dog a couple times a
day and that was fine. But when I moved away but I didn't send them something. But I live here in Orlando, I've got a fenced in backyard, so I just hope the sliding glass door
and dogs run outside and they played a little while and they come in, I think that's that's the way to do it. But
Yeah, but we're lucky now my partner who just left, he works overnight so he just left for work. So when he comes home is when I go to work and then when you know, so we're home we're home like together in the morning for a couple hours at night for a couple hours. But there's always someone home with the dogs which is nice for them. I think it's confusing for them in a bit because they don't have like a whole time that they sleep they sleep they sleep with him for a while and they're up with me and then they sleep with me for a while and they're up with him so they kind of run around all day. I think they have a pretty screwed up sleeping schedule at this
point.
Uh He works for lows so they do all their pricing and their floor replenishment and everything while they're closed. So he's the pricing coordinators. So um you know as stuff goes to clearance process or price changes or anything else like that. So he works sunday through thursday from 8 30 to 5:30:08:30 p.m. To 5:30 a.m.
Well
yeah exactly I can't adopt this schedule and like like it's 8 15 now you know my time and I'm probably gonna go to bed you know when when we're done because he comes home at 5 30 or six and dogs are all excited and wake me up. So I I get up at six because there's no commotion in the in the house and I can't read and can't really sleep through that. So um so in order for me to get a good eight hours of sleep I got to bed at nine to be asleep by 10. Uh So I can get some good sleep. But how long have you and your partner been together?
Yeah we're
nine. We just rated nine. So yeah.
So yeah, it's our anniversary was end of july believe or
not. We met a
grinder when grinder first came out, I guess. I get someone
to hold on a second.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
So grinder.
Absolutely.
I met one of my boyfriends on gay dot com back in like 2000 and four and we told people that we met at a bit in a bank robbery. That was our story were like, because that was, you know, you didn't really tell people
that you met on the internet back in 2000 and four. Like we met in a bank robbery, we both tackled the robbery. You tell people? Yeah.
I was listening to really interesting podcast. I don't you on NPR Business Wars. I don't know if you've ever heard of that podcast, but they do um sorry, just dropped something. They they do kind of like, you know, 4 to 6 part series of like dueling companies, like they do Uber vs. Lift and Mcdonald's burger king and essentially they're talking about like how the whole industry grew up and transformed and the most recent one was online dating. So started with um match any harmony and, and sort of like us a series went on actually and grinder with one of the first because grinder actually innovated to your location when it came to dating apps. And there's, you know, talking about bumble and coffee meets bagel and you know, kind of all the interesting behind the scenes action that happened with the different leadership groups. It's really interesting. They, you know, they take some dramatic license, right? Because they don't know what's said, but there, you know, but they have, you know, I guess little cut scenes where they sort of enact reenact like what happens in the border are these private conversations. So yeah, and I was just listening to ups versus Fedex. Um I think that's the most recent one, but they're all really interesting because not only do you hear about how these two companies maybe battle with each other, but you're also learning about kind of how the industry is forming because large use of these huge industries that we have now didn't even exist 30 years ago, right? Like rideshare companies didn't exist overnight, Shipping didn't exist online, didn't didn't exist. So it's very interesting. So it's called business Wars. Have you ever, you know our podcast listener? But now that I drive and travel so much, I listen a lot of podcasts, so it's interesting.
I think that's just a random
I think I've seen something like that pop up in like a recommended feed that I haven't I haven't looked at it.
absolutely.
I usually listen every morning like NPR news and up first and on sunday they up first is usually like here's the first episode of one of our other podcast. And remember them talking a little bit about what you're the podcast you're talking about.
But
do you contribute, are you donate or you remember?
No.
that started,
I just have one state, so I guess I'm a bad liberal, but
I've
I don't remember the other stations.
Well, I'm surprised you're not watching the Republican national Convention then if uh
Very perfect.
They could
they didn't even produce um uh an agenda or like a platform, right? They just said like our platforms whatever donald trump
says.
Half
of
our truck.
Every night.
Yeah. I heard like already 70 republicans have endorsed joe biden at this point, which you know, I would endorse the rotten tomato over joe biden or I mean job you know are over donald
trump
but uh you know, uh you know joe biden certainly is not a strong candidate himself but he sure has had a lot stronger than donald trump, you
know?
What?
Now I'm big pete buddha judge, I've been a Pete fan since when he was still exploring even before he announced his candidacy when he was still in the exploratory phase. So I think I donated probably over three or $400 to his campaign over, especially during the primaries and like when you went Iowa and all that kind of stuff when we really thought that you had a chance
but
You don't want to hear from the Missouri gun toters against the black lives matters people. That's, that's going to be
no problem. I originally grew up in michigan and then lived in Illinois and in Ohio, so
What?
I mean
they
live
it,
yeah, I live in a bubble and the world's changing around them and they're, you know, donald trump's given the opportunity to dig in his heels. It was really upsetting at the opening the summer opening. One of my peers who is the operations manager, she is a lesbian and very masculine presenting, like, like her haircut is like your haircut, like she by
the press, you know, um and she was trying to help somebody in the retail area and so can I help you? And he said, no one, like you can know what it looks like, you should help me or something like that, like this guy and I felt so bad for I mean she lives in in the Bay Area, so it's in Oakland. I think it was like the first time that she had actually been really like face to face with such bigotry. I mean she told me like, oh, like I've been kicked out of bathrooms and you know, we're not really picked up, like as like, are you in the right bathroom in the dressing room? Like I had that happen but never have I really had someone like so abruptly like, refuse my help because of what I look like and uh you know, I like you in my head, I understand, you know, uh trump has empowered them a little bit to feel like they can push back against the changes in the world and even
it's
the third
half and even like, I, you know, you know on facebook or whatever and you're in these groups and these young kids are like, how can anyone believe this? And I'm like, when I was 18, you know, like, I'm 46 now, when I was 18, 19, I was coming out like, I never dreamed that like, marriage equality could happen or like transgendered rights or anything like that. Like, I was out and proud as anyone, like, I was a member of all these groups, you know, I went to University of michigan, like I went to very liberal college, I lived in Harbour was a very liberal city, you know, like, like and even back in the late nineties I couldn't I wouldn't have believed if you told me that 2016 marriage quality in 2020 transgender equality to a large degree, you know, and you know, it's hard for me to wrap my head around, let alone someone who doesn't even believe in and some of this stuff, you know, it's hard for them, I can see.
He's
raised
here
in the same thing, you were right.
I mean I had on one hand the number of gay people I knew when I was, you know, in my late teens like Greg Louganis, you know? Yeah, the olympic, olympic diver, Greg Louganis to make them um really I couldn't even think of anyone else, you
know, I'm sure there were back then, you know a handful but like now you know articles on facebook whatever, it's like like here like 70 70 people who are LGBT relationships and like yeah these are all like a lot more big stars, you know and they have not really seen any repercussions to their career, you know? I mean Alan has been on both watch now she's back, she's backing for
she lost her career, she lost her career because she was gay, that now she's like a superstar because she's gay now she's getting you know, scrutinized over everything, you know? So but yeah, I would say you know, Alan is probably the second biggest star that I can think of when I was young, you know came out so uh yeah kids these kids got easy coming out in high school,
middle
school,
sometimes I'm like, what?
Right.
You
know.
Mhm.
But
Yeah, I voted by, in florida we have, you know, no reason vote by mail and I voted by mail
since probably pretty much every elections, maybe 2012 I think once
I voted early, but I already told my program were voting in person early this year. We normally normally we vote absentee, but I mean it's been 10 years probably, so I filled up my registration card, I'm not sure if my signature matches anymore, you know, So I'm like, I'm not taking a chance that my vote isn't going to count, so
But
Yeah. Your vote accounts for in Arizona, but it does in texas for sure. So
if
you're
for job back in texas after you're done.
Yeah. That's the worst when you when you can kind of see and light into the tunnel but you don't have any control over actually getting there. You just know that it's you know off in the distance and
things outside your control or preventing you from getting a
Mhm.
enjoy it. I've been doing it for prices january or february. So um you know all the different surveys on prolific and everything so, but I think it's probably like the fourth conversation like this this
particular study. I think it's like the fourth one I've done maybe. Mhm. Mhm.
What's this?
same
here.
Yeah, I appreciate it. I had a good conversation with you as well and hopefully you
get everything wrapped up and moved to texas in the next couple of months.
Thanks. I appreciate it. Take
care
you,
too.