quite okay. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Hi how are you?
I'm good. So is this your first time doing this?
So I guess for me like I've been talking to like people in California or Iowa. So it's been interesting to see what their experiences are.
mm. How was
your
experiences
with those conversations?
Well I took a E. P. Campsite horse during my high school year so I was just getting introduced like C. And the real basics of just quoting in general. So I mean I don't know I guess quoting for me is like learning another language, like a foreign language. So I don't know it's a bit difficult to sort of get the hang of just um the layout and you know the interface of what um how things are just sort of um made out I guess. But I mean it's kind of interesting to see that c is basically like the stepping stone for most modern languages like javascript job and what not.
Great.
Make the best of your time I guess at home. But how is your quoting experience, I mean when did you first start off?
huh.
Are
the job opportunities including right now? I mean being
that,
mm that's good.
I see.
Great.
Uh Oh, I've been there, I've been
busy making money on the side. I mean with the whole covid situation, I'm a coffee burst so I think cut for my hours. So I've been trying to like, you know, make money, I'm prolific and amazon mturk and whatever other sources of revenue, revenue I can, you know, find right.
No. What is that?
Yeah.
I
see you.
you're located
in Washington
Oh,
I see. Uh
a little away I
guess.
Well,
I mean,
I mean the covid cases recently have been like skyrocketing. I think two days daily cases was like 351 and that's
only on the main island waffle. So I mean to consider, you know, hawaii as a state that's pretty, you know, plentiful for DV cases. I mean it's not as bad as, you know, like California and other parts of the country, but still, I mean, it's kind of just scary to see, you know, especially that we're in like an isolated area in the ocean. It's, you know, scary, you see, you know, the amount of cases just rising and skyrocketing. I was the case is over
there
in Washington.
Well, so you don't really have
to worry too much, you're pretty somewhat isolated I guess?
same as way, I mean, in our case it would be mainly pacific Islanders and filipino households where, you know, you have the multigenerational households and a lot of them come from, you know, working class households as well. So, you know, there are more at a risk because you know, a lot of them help in the service industry, so, you know, it's just, you know, concerning to witness, I guess. Yeah.
The enemy.
I see it. How's it
in the Seattle area?
What?
monsieur.
Yeah, that's true. I mean it's
like
sort
of a balance between like people losing their jobs and trying to,
you know, keep safe and healthy. It's like where's the tipping point? I mean, where is like the balance between the two? Because you know, if you mean more towards the other than, you know, you have a risk of, you know, either having more cases becoming infected or you know, people more people
losing
their jobs.
Yeah. So it's like, what do we do about this, I mean, you know.
I mean, you be,
I would be nice, but I mean, well, no,
temporary at least to keep people you know happy and
being
able to
you know live comfortably somewhat comfortably happy so you know. Right. Yeah. It's kind of interesting to see what kind of times that we've been doing. Yeah. It does suck. I mean this entire year has been just shit basically.
mm.
Yeah it is. Well hopefully 2021 is better. I mean crossing their fingers but I don't know it might be like just a slight continuation of 2020 and then maybe like for the end of the year, like the second half of the year like they need to start to get better. Right.
Yeah. They anticipated
supposed
to get worse.
But I think last I've heard they're not expecting a vaccine to be widely
available until
this mid part of 2021. So I mean, it would be a while, well, unless you use the Russian vaccine, but I don't know how trustworthy that would be. I
mean,
I mean, you don't know what they might have inserted in there as well. Like it could be another virus or I don't know.
Yeah.
Boy.
Yeah. Just, you know, it just might kill off the entire population or at least half of the population never know. But it's just a waiting game. We'll see what happens, I guess. Yeah.
Have you lived in Washington basically
your entire life?
No.
so you have some experience than outside? Right,
yep. Born and raise. Um, I mean, I've traveled a few times like honesty to like new york, uh, that California and maybe about three or four times to japan, but other than that, um, not really anywhere else domestically or internationally. What's it like in Poland Russia?
Is it like the stereotypes of the portrayed in the media sort
of cold
hearted? Um I don't know, like just um,
you
know, like
the Russian
personality
is
just being strong and what not.
I see.
Great,
right. There's a
purpose
to
it. Mhm
I see,
you
got it.
I can imagine.
no,
I see.
that's
true.
mm let's see.
mm hmm,
Is it heavily
Russian
influence?
Is it heavily Russian influence?
I see.
I guess it's more approachable for foreigners then mm
I like Japan, I mean I'm japanese so I guess you know it's like the motherland basically um
except I wasn't born in Japan, I was born in Hawaii so but yeah it's just really nice to be in Japan, you know I made me stayed within the Tokyo area so you know I'm just more of like a city person I guess so I'd like you know the attraction shopping just sort of like the bustle within the city um I guess it's I wouldn't say it's similar to new york but I mean in some ways it's like the cleaner, more modern version of new york I guess.
Yeah I guess
well
go
ahead, go ahead.
Um initially I guess it was a bit overwhelming at first because I didn't really know what to anticipate, right, I mean as soon as I started being more comfortable around the people, you know, being for example, like um, pushed into a train and like being like squeeze into like a can of sardines basically within the dreams. Um,
you know, you can somewhat get accustomed to it I guess. Um, but it's, it's a pleasant experience I guess being in Japan, I mean it's a lot more fast case than Hawaii is and so I feel like,
you know,
it is uh
well what were you going to see earlier? I'm sorry.
um, I passed by then and I wanted to play at a partner
actually, but I guess it's like an agent everywhere. I don't know, you have to be like 18 or 21 I wasn't at the time so I couldn't really pray. But I don't know, something about pachinko parlors just sort of like fascinates me. It's almost like smart machines for americans. Like I don't know if it's like addicting or whatnot. But
interesting because I don't understand how, you know, that's gambling. I mean it's like putting a little pain inside the commissioning and I wouldn't necessarily say it's like a people. Well, I mean, I guess it is in the sense that
the ball just
sort
of,
it just drops randomly and you know, you have those like tax and you know, it just goes in different directions. Um I think some of them you can move around as well, but like I don't really understand the purpose of it to be honest. I mean it's like just sort of like on the random chance I guess like slot machines with us, so I
don't
know.
guess so.
we take advantage of the
stupid people.
Right. Yeah I mean I don't know I mean I guess just with watching for farmers and like slot machines like there's not really like a how to guide on how to gain the machine or you know try to beat also I guess. Um But I don't know I I just find it somewhat you know interesting not to say that I would just spend my earnings on gambling all day but yeah
maybe
I mean I don't know I don't really have much experience so they could have changed or there could be like different
variations.
Have you ever gambled before like at a casino
Have you
want anything
before?
Have you won anything before?
I guess
I was
worth it
then.
Because we
I just heard people
from hawaii because we don't have really any gambling or legalized gambling here because gambling is just illegal for some reason I guess um you know they decided all that I guess it probably what was the crime rate or what not? I guess a lot of hawaii people tend to go to Las Vegas so they call like las Vegas like the Nine islands and it's like the home
away from home for most people from hawaii I guess for gambling and what that also I don't know it's just kind of foreign for hawaii people to exceed scratch off lottery tickets or like casino machines and uh I mean a lot of people do want them but I don't know for some reason or another government just won't allow them, I mean it will help us make additional revenues since our tourism is closed off right now, so. Yeah.
Is
it regulated
or is it just like a free for all if you're on a indian soon?
Oh, that's interesting.
Yeah. Revenge for past atrocities,
I guess. Yeah.
Are we
is it time
for reading?
It was nice talking to you though.
good
rest
of your day
I guess and hopefully makes
years better. Mm hmm.
Take
care. Bye bye.