Hey,
not bad. How about yourself?
no, this is my fourth time, Yeah.
yeah, yeah, same California, new york, I'm not sure. Maybe just California union work, but maybe one other place, I can't remember, I think. Yeah. Anyway, I think, yeah, I think two people in new york and one person in California, so
I mean
those
are the two
I liked. I've had good conversations so far. There was one lady who was really fun to talk to, we actually went quite a bit over time. We had a lot of common interests, so that was cool. Like talked about like eastern, europe and history and also a lot of tech stuff um existed men stuff and talked about coding and and stuff, you know, she's resources about learning stuff because I'm kind of just getting into learning like coding and I'm learning some unique stuff and some web development. Yeah,
Right. Yeah, I'm doing python, which is also really common, like first coding language. Um So and it's also really one that's used in a lot of stuff. So when you learn first off um and it tends to be kind, it's a little easier, you know, for like a to learn. So I'm doing that one. And actually my my second alma mater, the university of michigan, they have, they have free as an alumnus, I have like free access to a bunch of online courses. So I recently found that out. So I'm using that resource, which is cool. So that that actually has like lectures and like some quizzes and pure reviewed assignments and stuff. So it's not just like sitting with your yourself with like a book and a computer, you know,
like isolated, trying to because yeah, I'm doing some work from home, but mostly I'm just by myself because of the pandemic kind of thing. So I figured I'd take, you know, might as well learn something new. All right.
it's just been a couple of months really. Um I was in graduate school in the humanities and it didn't pan out for like just some mental health reasons. And then also it's like I didn't end up going back to the PhD program. I took the masters because it's like the field is really sparse. Like it's not super likely, especially you're not going to get a tenure track job. I know one guy who did out of like all the people I know, and then, you know, it's like, other than that, it's like your, what's your options? It's like add jumping or you get like a
fellowship. Why don't you go like get a one year position? You have to move from place to place. And it's just kind of like, you know, I see my friends and what they've I kind of had to do after finishing and it's like, yeah, not a lot of not going to go back into it anyway, so I've just been doing freelance and it's like, you know, get into a second career and figure something out. Say
lovey.
there.
I mean that's that's one of the things about it, like a it's interesting, I like it and be there's always work, you know, like if you can build web pages or if you can code, you can, you know, work on programs or you can do various things, you know, it's like pretty much always get some work so
or systems administration stuff if you actually learn enough to do that with like, eunuchs and Lennox and whatnot, which I've used Lennox for years on my computer, but I'm just I'm learning just recently more about really the guts of it and and sort of beyond
just you think
as my operating system, you know? So how about you? How are you doing, what have you been up to
quick?
same. Yeah. Um because uh Yeah, well the transcription I do, have you heard of rev
you could actually probably do that rev dot com. It's transcription, like honestly the pay is pretty shit. Um But it's something to do. I mean I can it's work I can do from home if I get work, it's something um it's transcription so it's like basically just listen and you type out here. Yeah. Um So
you go you go on their site and then they just have like basically like a test thing that you get through and then you can just, you know, there's like accuse that you pick out jobs that you think, you know that the best ones you can get and then you do them and you get paid a certain amount per minute of transcription. So it's not like an hourly wage, it's a piece work, you know? But I find I don't make that much. I mean I get like 7 to $10 an hour maybe when I when I figure out in my head. But that's when I'm actually working. There is also the time of like finding the jobs, you know? And sometimes
when
you work on it for a while and you're like yeah this is crap or like I can't do this well enough that might affect my metrics, you know? So which is, I mean at least that's above federal minimum but it's not close to Washington minimum which is 13 50. So I'd rather
be
in Washington. Yeah. Yeah.
How
about you? Well,
oh sweet. Well
I don't know
how
is it?
Damn.
there
is.
Well I'm in a rural county so it's been really so far pretty, you know um Pretty low. I mean really if you especially active cases like the total number when you look at it is like over 100 but then you go and look at it closely and it's like most of those are all recovered and then there's like like three deaths altogether in the county. Um So you know, you look at it and typically there might be like 3 to 5 active cases, but it's like they're little towns and basically if you kind of look at it statistically it looks basically they'll have like a little outbreak, so they'll have like five or 10 cases and, and everybody recovers, you know? Um So it's been pretty, you know, pretty decent. Like I don't feel totally safe, but it's like, it's a lot better. I feel a lot better than I would if I was living in like phoenix Arizona, you know what I mean? So if it does feel pretty relatively, you know, safe and especially me, I'm not even in a town, like I'm up on Mount, I'm on a mountain, you know, there's like there's like 250 people. So
week.
Yeah. Yeah. Although I'm staying with my mom and she just went back to work today and she works in like a pear packing facility. So like putting all the pairs in the boxes and putting them up on the conveyor belt and your Iata. Um So because she was on unemployment during the summer, so she got the extra unemployment, she always gets laid off in the summer. Um But like she, you know since there is work she needs to go back to work, you can't just keep getting unemployment but she needs to get back on the health insurance anyway so but those are the kind of places that are a little bit more likely to get an outbreak just for various reasons like you have to be more close together and um and not to be like racist at all but it's a lot of hispanic people and they just because of their like kind of their circumstances they tend to live in like intergenerational households with lots of people so it's harder to do social distancing for them and stuff so. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, so and then Yakama County which is in Washington has had a lot of cases and it's also very agricultural county. Lots and lots of orchards specifically and lots of migrant workers tend to work in the orchards and basically
like they're given housing by the people they work for but it's just like shacks like they just give them like shacks to live in and who knows what even a sanitation they have right? And they're all just close together I'm sure. And so it's. Yeah. Right.
But
Seattle is so King County Seattle early on was um really concerning. It was pretty bad because they have like it's on the west coast right? So it's like a pacific rim city and they have a major airport. Um So that was, it was like really peaking
early on and that's when Washington state just like shut down like everything um
pretty early. So like all schools were shut down, you know, all non essential businesses. It was like stay at home orders like really early on. Um So that helped to kind of get Seattle to flatten the curve, you know? Um So I think Seattle is doing okay now. I mean relatively speaking, you know? Um It's not, it's definitely not like exploding or anything. So it's not like some of these places in the south west or the south where they just like open everything up, you know, and stuff just although, you know, Washington state is opening up in like phases. So which I think is so stupid because it's not, it's like why would you start opening up when things aren't even better? It's not like it's all better and we can just open up all the businesses and go back to normal, you know? But
I
don't
know.
because you can't just.
And
also having
millions of people die would crash the economy too. So you know.
Yeah. Well I mean I don't see why like the U. S. Government couldn't just like you know instead of giving tax breaks to giant corporations just because they'll be fine like give money to small businesses to stay to stay afloat and like pay people you know $2000 a month to live on or something like that's what Canada did you know? That's what Canada is doing better. It's like
it's.
Yeah. I don't know. It's at least through the pandemic. I don't know. It's like
so
the people
who can't work.
Shit. For some reason I had this weird feeling that like 2020 was going to be a good year. I was just like I mean it was just like superstition. I was like, I was still living in Vancouver Washington. I went down to this little convenience stores like indian family run and it was like New Years and they were given out like, you know, and they made indian like sweets and I was just shooting the shit and I was like, oh, 2020 I think it's going to be a good year. It's a nice round number. It was like, nope, completely wrong, like so wrong. Yeah.
So yeah, I mean 2016 was bad, but this year is, this year is really really
Yeah. I'm hoping, you know, I mean, I think the way, well, you know, you think about cold and flu season, right? Because
I
think
it's cold virus. So fall winter, you know, it's, that's cold and flu season. So unless the vaccine comes along before then it's pretty much just going to be um I cases are going to go way up or everything will just have to like shut down all the way again. So yeah. And figure out some way to deal with that. Um until you know, I think that basically what has to happen is like a vaccine, like that's the only way, you know, there's a lot in phase three trials right now. So like
back
what?
Pretty
fucking sketchy man. Yeah,
I don't know about that. But definitely like you just skip phase three trials like, you know. Yeah, okay. There
be effective but we're not going to really
tested in human populations who just go right ahead.
I mean I lived out here for a little while before anyway after I left grad school. Like I had some health problems and stuff so it's kind of familiar and like honestly it's not that different living here than like than it was before when it wasn't the pandemic because it's like the middle of nowhere anyway, you know? So it's like it's not like it's this kind of just like isolation and lifestyle. I mean not entirely because we I would like we would go to town and like at least like go out a little bit and have more over and see more people and stuff. So it does suck more or does suck, you know, like it is definitely more isolated, lonely. But
what?
And not entire life, I lived here for 17 years and then when I was 17 I moved to Olympia Washington, which is where I went to college when I lived in Portland Oregon for a year. And then I lived in ann arbor michigan um was my
home base for six years while I was in grad school. So when I lived in Russia, some two in Poland.
a little bit. How about you, have you lived in Hawaii whole life?
Oh, it's, you know, they're different, they're kind of similar in a way culturally, but I mean what is it like in Russia? It's Russia, man, it's like um
like
what
I
mean,
people
are in public.
It's
very
and not really. I mean yes and no, it's very different public versus when you know somebody like out in public, it's definitely like, like nobody smiles, it's like kind of stony
face. But part of that is cultural like smiling is like you don't smile for no reason in Russia right? Like America, everybody's like, you smile at the supermarket, you smile you know? Whereas in Russia like you smile because something is funny or you know you smile with your friends like used to you know that kind of thing. Um You smile when you're happy
like
you
know
like.
right? Um And also like like it's almost like when you're at work like you're supposed to be serious, it's like you're working you know like
so and also like like so if you smile in public people are like they're going to be confused. They're like either there's something funny about them like they're zipper is down or like you're like you're coming on to them or something. So it's just
like
but there is so I think when people go there maybe if people go there and they don't know a lot about Russia it seems like that to them. Like people are just like really cold and like, you know, you know something but once you get to know people like you're friends with people and you're like visiting and you're hanging out and people are really you know I mean people are people like they definitely like they're funny, they laugh. They're like, you know, they're actually very like emotionally open. Like people will cry like guys will just like cry and they'll like hug each other and like definitely the drinking is true though. Like that stereotype
is definitely true. Yeah. More so men than women, but women do drink some as well, although it's it has gotten a bit better or you know, a little bit less and vodka is not trendy anymore really with the young people. I mean some still
but like, like beer and wine is like it's more cool now, you know,
than to drink vodka which is healthier like you
know
because it's yeah it's there's more more liquid in the alcohol so it's it doesn't get you as drunk as quick but it's also like easier on your body so it's a little it's a little better.
But yeah and it's it's interesting culture, there's a lot of different things about it, you know Poland is um
it's definitely more european like it is europe and people are
more
like
immediately
Is it heavily Russian influence? No but they're both Slavic people Islamic
cultures so there's definitely cultural similarities in linguistics similarities so it is similar in some ways but it's definitely it's europe, it's part of europe and people are more like immediately friendly like it feels friendlier when you're out and about, you know what I mean? Um doesn't have that Russian feel like people smile in Poland there like friendly chit chat when you're out and uh yeah so yeah
and crack crack house, early, nice city. What did you think of Japan? What's Japan like?
Uh
I've seen pictures of like downtown Tokyo and it's just like, like, like, like, like, like, I don't know, I would feel a little overwhelmed,
I was just,
you
know,
go ahead, go ahead.
Uh
I imagine
what's a much bigger city Honolulu Tokyo is, I'm
Yeah.
Oh, I was for a random reason, I was reading today about pachinko parlors. Did you ever go?
I'm not
But they're like, they're kind of like pinball though, right? It's like a
like
you, you
kind of
like moving around and like Yeah. Right.
that's
gambling
I guess. Yeah
I mean that's and that's it's like poker or something, you know poker, there's that skill to it so which is actually like makes it kind of different from gambling I think I think gambling usually is just like random bets or chance like you know betting on horses or which is also I mean if you know horses a little bit but most gambling is like craps or roulette or slot machines or whatever, which is why the house always wins and that's why casinos always make money. Yeah
they
that enough that yeah.
but no just like go in and try it out happens but I don't know I thought when I was reading it it kind of seemed like it was a little bit more like pinball and that there was some game aspect to it with like, you know you can like hit buttons or like pull levers to like make it kind of like thinking
like pinball.
it's
just like yeah I heard I heard somebody talking about it and like and I was talking about it and chat with somebody on IRC who said it was like pinball so I had to go read about it. It's like oh have you ever played pachinko is like, no because I was talking about playing pinball and arcades which is like my favorite arcade game. So yeah
why would I have not at a casino, I've bought just like, you know, scratch off tickets. Like that is the extent of my gambling experience.
You
know just like
$1.2 dollar tickets. Huh?
Have you want? Yeah actually me and my uncle won like $70.1 time $5 tickets by
like
three tickets.
And
yeah that one. And I've won like you know 10 bucks here and there off like a $2 ticket. So you know
probably mostly I've lost money like all told but I rarely buy them. It's just like if I have two bucks cash in my pocket occasionally and I'm at a convenience store like what am I gonna do with two bucks cash and you're only buying with cash. It's like what the hell? By one. It's not really like I've lost money because I wasn't gonna do anything with it anyway, sort.
I don't know.
No.
Yeah. I don't know. Yeah Washington has some state lotteries. And then also um there's like indian casinos here. Like they can have them on their land so people go to those but they have different tribal laws
they're
allowed to
I think it's they I mean they're so tribes are bound by federal law but not by state law for the most part I think. So it's basically up to them
as far as I know. Yeah. Yeah so that's a common way that they make money. Yeah we take the money from the white man. You take out we take your money.
All
right well I think um
I'm gonna
probably
eat something and do some work. Yeah.
Yeah same here. Yeah thanks
for
thanks
for hanging
to,
hopefully hopefully 2021 works out a little better. Yeah.
All