Yeah. Hey can you hear me?
Good thanks, how are you? Um
What?
Yeah I'm doing pretty good. Um It's still it's still friday for me. Is it saturday for you?
it's not actually um you get a day off when everyone else is still working.
I went to the beach the last couple weekends here, it was packed. Um So and going on I was talking to my friend and going on a weekday um would have been ideal you know because that
people generally are working more still even
um about 45 Minute Drive Maybe. Yeah.
Um I just moved to Rhode Island. Yeah
so I've been here for about a month and a half. Yeah.
Yeah we're about saying now.
So is that, does Georgia have coast or? Uh.
Yeah. Yeah that's sweet. That's how long have you been in Atlanta?
that's
alright. Is Athens in Georgia as well?
not that.
Oh cool. Um
I went to I went
to uh I I moved here from New Zealand just a few months here just about a month ago. Uh
University in New Zealand. Um
No, to live with my girlfriend. Yeah she she's working over here, she got a job in Rhode island.
no she's from California but
we met when she was on exchange in New Zealand.
Yeah.
It's funny. Yeah she said the reason that she picked museum is because it's a country that should probably never go to otherwise. Um
And then yeah and then she ended up coming back.
cost
me.
Yeah I know there's nothing close really like Australia, the closest part of Australia is about two hours away so that's that's all good. But Australia is like huge and you have to get across that to get to anywhere else apart from the pacific islands. So like we're looking at like if you want to get to like any other major country it's like at least an eight or 10 hour flight Which is like to get to L. A. And it's like 12 hours and that's. Uh huh.
Russian.
Um I lived in Auckland for about seven years and then went to university in Wellington which is the capital. Um And that's like I went yeah I went there for three years. Um But I wasn't actually born there was born in England. Um So I lived I lived about 10 years in England as well.
From,
Yeah it's really um it's not strong it's like not strong of either one instead of just like a very middle kind of blend but depending on who I talk to. People say that they can pick up the english accent or they can pick up certain words that sound like a kiwi accent. All right. Yeah
well I'm I can't really here obviously.
christian.
to
me.
Yeah.
does accents you can change just basic conversation so I'm just doing a fan on, it's so
hot.
Um
really weird time to move. Uh Yeah but I don't know I'm enjoying it so far. Um It's just my girlfriend and I we've got an apartment together so when we were like just stay at home most of the time um Yeah it's weird um Because obviously new Zealand is all like has it's pretty much clear I think I've still got a few cases but
like the handle coronavirus pretty well. So then leaving that and coming there I've had to kind of change, change my mindset into being back into lockdown mode and like being really
that's a big difference. Um And yeah, I don't know. It's it's not like crazy different. Um. Right. Yeah.
What's that, sorry?
it does make um finding where I can get more difficult. Um
Well I'm
just
And what is that involved, like just finding people up?
Yeah.
Permanent.
What's the general sort of reaction like people panic or the
That's that's that's one of the um major differences that I noticed um between new Zealanders and americans regarding coronavirus is that there's such a divide among whether people like follow the guidelines. Um And New Zealand we had, you know, we did have an advantage in the fact that we got to see how it unfolded around the world before it got to us because they got to us fairly late. Um So we were able to um you know, watch what power was turning out and then be ready for it. But then when it did come it was really strict lockdown, but everybody followed it. Nobody sort of was up and against the government. No one was like calling it out thinking it was or anything like that. There's a very sort of like it was it was tough like obviously I was like five weeks of like not seeing anybody pretty much. Um And like tons of shock close like the only shot through through the only places you get food, like grocery stores. Um uh
So
everything will no takeout either. Um At
that's the case. Um
Where so like everybody sort of just like there's no question about everybody was like very serious, but over here you have people just very nonchalant about the whole thing. Um
and which, you know, it's probably good for mentality for them, you know, like because it does wear you down a bit if you're constantly in fear. Um but it does mean that it just extends the whole process by months. Uh huh
Economic, it can be effective for sure. Uh huh.
Yeah.
I think, I think just people's attitudes that that's like the only, you know, there's no real difference in like people on a physical and biological or medical level, just simply do the attitude that they have right,
whether whether or not they're willing to
one
that's a good
point.
that's the thing.
Um, in new Zealand, yeah, most of my family's there. I have some family still in England. Um,
just suck some cousins, uncles, knots and things, but majority like my grandparents and parents and most of my life is not so well in New Zealand.
Yeah. I think I have maybe like one 2nd cousin in New York or something all or somewhere in the Northeast. Um, but I, so like, you know, kind of like just a distant relative. Yeah.
There any sort of person in America Yeah.
In New Zealand. Yeah,
very much so. There's no community spread as far as I know, it's only people coming into the country who have, who are bringing the virus in, but that everybody who is coming into being quarantined. Um, so the, the government set up, they've got a few hotels that it's all just, they're government funded and if you come in then you have to stay at the hotel for at least two weeks to see if you develop symptoms and you have to, I think, I think you have to pass like two negative tests. Either one or 2 negative tests. Yeah. So they're pretty strict about it.
So like even me coming here is kind of like a one way ticket in a way,
like pretty hard to get go back because
there's not
many flights.
Yeah. But like that's just like, I think there's only probably like one or two flights a day going to a museum. Whereas usually that being dealt with this um
Yeah, it sucks. It's not a college experience.
So did you, did you grow up in India?
Yeah.
Mhm. Uh So you're the only one from your family in us?
Yeah.
That makes sense. Yeah. So do you have dual citizenship?
Oh and at that last for your lifetime, that's her?
and is that like a fairly automatic process that you just fill out a form and it's pretty much guaranteed or
do they
green card if you already have one?
true.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah, I won because my parents are from new Zealand, so I got new Zealand citizenship by descent and then I got uh british citizenship by birth, right? Because I was born there and lived there, my parents were living there at the time. Yeah, so and which I mean the UK citizenship was like so good when you, when you could just like freeze throughout europe, but now you can't
I don't know all the ins and outs about like how much more difficult it is now to travel between the UK and the rest of europe. Um But um definitely the working, just like the working aspect in living aspect I think is a lot harder. Um You know, you can just automatically you got a problem
since
about what what's shown. Yeah, I didn't actually realize. But um it wasn't until after I finished my degree. Um then I realized this places in europe which I could have gone to and got on university for free just from being an EU sort of them. Yeah, so like there's perks like that as well to belong
to the
heat which now anyone from the UK doesn't get any more.
Yeah. So I am
yeah, countries, I'm sorry, so you don't have to be. So it's just that we come through.
I've been to a few countries maybe like three or 4. I've been to France just because it's literally across across the ditch, we can see it from some parts of England.
Yeah, so I've been there a couple of times and then I've been to Italy and Greece and that's yeah, I think that's the only ones, so not not much of central europe at all.
It's like so many countries in there. All right,
so
Yeah, honestly, I think it's like 30, 20 or 30 odd countries in Europe,
like, like this so small, some of them. Uh huh.
whereabouts whereabouts in Italy? Where you think you've gone?
true.
Oh yeah, I went, yeah, I went to Milan just for a day, it was like the last day about trip where you ended up in Milan. Um and it's like right up the north of Italy um It's like where the border with the border between Italy and I think Switzerland is like the swiss alps run across the top. Yes, so Milan's beautiful, like you have the mountains in the back of the back. Yes, very
I uh
They're
all
sure it's a it's a really, really cool place um particularly a bit further south, like um I like just south of Milan, I really like Florence. Um It's
I think it's like a I'm not sure it's cool, like a bit of province or it's okay territory, I think it's a province and I think it's north of right and it's beautiful, beautiful country like countries I think Tuscany is in Florence
um and that's
like
the inca terra yeah.
One
I think there's like five, it's like five pills that you can walk. Then
it's like a little little towns in between them I think. Um Yeah, it looks beautiful.
I just
I think so. I haven't actually been. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Grace, Grace is awesome as well. Um Really like, I don't know if you know much about three, so I don't know too much but um their economy is like really just like down in the dumps. So like anything of Greece when I think of Greece I think of their history and like the ancient Greeks and um
like like democracy
and um philosophy and you think of it as kind of like being this ancient golden spot. But then when you go there it's like especially Athens which is where we went there so run down like abandoned buildings everywhere like while
wild dogs running around totally different kind of city life. But then if you are in the country and like look at the temples and the ruins, then it's then it's amazing.
Yeah. Their economies like so bad. Yeah.
Um Yeah. So if you do what agrees go to it for like the ancient sites and like the landscape. Yeah. Because they are beautiful like all the old temples.
God I don't think you will find much in the way of city life.
And yeah.
And
In the same state often that
And me out of Rhode island and in an hour
Right on lost. Yeah.
It's tiny. Yeah.
Yeah, pushing off those tiny ones I think like like Luxembourg and
or like Liechtenstein or something. Like the one, the weird ones that you never hear of like the high in the tiny countries.
Oh it is
I don't know what that was. They're not really, I can't think of anything that particularly known for. Yeah.
That's very
good,
thank you very much,