Yeah, I can hear you. How are you?
During,
how are you doing this weekend?
It's friday. Yeah. Oh my weekend starts early because I don't work on Fridays. I would love to someday. So. Yeah. Yeah.
Right. I think it's nice to people to do things without people are out and about. So like days. Good one really is out and about now in this time.
Yeah. Because it's,
yeah. Do you live near a beach?
do you want?
Yes.
Gotcha pennsylvania. So we used to travel around the north, but yeah, brutal enjoyed pretty.
I live in Georgia now. Yeah.
it does, I don't live quote like I guess that would be like there's some towns I guess Savannah is one example of like the town that's near the coast, but like the big cities Atlanta. So I live in Atlanta and there's no coast. Unfortunately. It's nice to live near the coast, but it's not too far if you do want to go.
Um So I went to U. G. A. For school so I lived in Athens for four years and then now I'm in grad school at Emory so It's been like six or 7 years. Yeah and
I have something that lives here. So
yeah Athens is in Georgia it's
kind of like a college town so it's pretty small but it's nice. Mhm.
Three.
what?
Well
so how come for a job or?
She also from Zeeland or
are?
Oh nice. Okay. That sounds like I would love to go to new Zealand for like exchange program or something. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah
wow. I know it's kind of like it's out of the way so it's kind of hard to visit I guess because I lived in India like my family lives in India so we travel around Asia a lot because it's so easy. Like the flights are cheap but we've never gone like outside like to europe or to Australia and new Zealand.
It's
too far.
Oh yeah, that's what
it's definitely like a trip you have to plan. So it's not like a few hours, but that's really cool. Um, you're in new Zealand, are you from?
Okay. So is your accent more english than, or
cause I can't really tell the difference, but
Project.
Why? Yeah, I got that. I think I'm more aware of my accent now like after I moved because I went to high school in India. So like the international school where there's like a lot of people with different accents and they also say I sound like super american, but I feel like compared to a lot of
people I don't I don't know. But
then when I
talked to when I talk to people in the south, I start to get like a southern like yeah,
I stayed like, y'all and like just certain words,
You
look fine. We like living in the U. S. So far. Right.
This is a weird time to move because you can't really experience it.
All
And now I'm sorry.
I'm sure to be able to have time to settle in. Well,
I'm sure it's nice to be able to like have time to settle in at least. So. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Well
about
a job as a contact tracer recently. So maybe you could look into that. Yeah. And it tastes really well. So I'm public health. So it was pretty easy for me to like kind of get that job. But I know that they are hiring like outside people as well. Well,
yeah, so I just call people and like let them know what their exposure period or like the incubation period and when they were exposed, usually they do know already. But then we monitor their symptoms over either calling them or text. So yeah.
Cool. It's
sorry.
No. So, okay. So if it's like a close family or friends, then generally they will know because like if I was if I had gotten coronavirus, obviously I was told people, but then some people don't tell everyone. So then they're like what I was uh So yeah, I think there's not so much panic, but then there is people who don't want to be monitored and don't like believe in it. I guess. So. Stay
Even sometimes closed,
even like restaurants and stuff, they could,
lot of restaurants did close, but I'm pretty sure most of them have been doing take out even through B moved down from.
No.
wow.
And I think like I don't I don't think it's good to and still fear in people and that's how you like make them do things. Obviously I just wish that people would take it seriously and then they you know like I mean sometimes fear I think is a good thing and you know because you should be serious about it. Right?
But for me I'm just like luckily like I feel like I'm not too susceptible and I don't have that many family members that are in situations where they would be susceptible either. And so I can understand where that here comes from, but at the same time it's just like we need to follow the rules and get through it, otherwise it's not going to be 11 Yeah. Yeah. It
seems like most of the world is dealing with it a lot better than here, but, wow.
definitely.
Yeah. And I think it's
like the level of trust too because you
don't
trust the government, which I do understand like I don't trust them in a lot of ways either. But then you should trust health professionals at the very least. So. Yeah.
But well, it's kind of going down there. Do you have a lot of family or I guess your family is from there or?
huh.
Program
Yeah.
So everything is like back to normal pretty much there or?
Mhm. I'm from
You know.
All
well
let's
we're gonna have to stay at the hotel,
Yeah same with India. Yeah it's pretty hard to go back right now. My brother is to come here for college this year and obviously they're not I mean they said that you can come if you want to but he would just be like in the dorm the whole time so
I know he's upset about it but then I just told him like it's better to just come when things are better and yeah
Um so I we grew up here my family and then I moved back when we were about where I was 13 so that was like honey 2015 or something like that and and then and then my I moved back for college after four years. So yeah
so I've been living here most of the time but my family has been living there for like the last 10 years
right now. Yeah but I have a lot of extended family and my cousin lives in new york as well and I have family in Georgia. Yeah and
we kind of grew since I grew up here it was kind of easy for me to come back. But it's kind of weird thinking about my brother and sister coming back because it's like they haven't been here for a while so there are a lot more like accustomed to India than I was at the time. But yeah
I don't so they don't I don't think they have dual citizenship for us and India I think you can just get a green card and then you have to apply to be a citizen here which I might do if I like getting a job and stuff but right now I just have a green card.
so we have to renew it and I think mine is about to expire in like a year so I might, what I what I might do is apply for citizenship before it expires. Um I like otherwise I would just renew it in that last for another seven years. Yeah.
Person
or a green card.
Um I'll go for the renewal. Um I actually don't know because the last time I renewed it I was like pretty young so I don't really remember. Yeah, so I guess I'll find out. Hopefully it's not too hard. I know
that getting the green card was a long process though, so Yeah,
hopefully renewing it wouldn't be that bad. Are you a citizen of the UK or of new Zealand? Okay.
Yeah.
I know I was just thinking about that because we were actually, I mean obviously now we're not but we're planning to go to Italy this summer and I was just thinking like because I was going to visit my friend in the UK when we were planning but now it would just be like so much harder especially because I'm not even american citizen, I'm an indian citizen that makes it harder to get a visa and then I'll have to get to visa just like a lot more.
What?
What?
One at
it.
Right. That's too bad. But yeah
move on.
How are you today? Have you traveled around europe like before?
Oh really? That's cool.
all right.
Now
there will be two months too many to visit in like one trip
and then
I think Italy is definitely at the top of my list and then come in. Portugal political.
So we were gonna go, my sister dances so she got into this like dance world cup thing in Milan. So we're going to go there and then just travel around. I don't know. I'm honestly, I don't know too much about the geography. So I would really go anywhere. Obviously we're
home and um I have a cousin who goes to med school in Italy so probably visit her where she goes. So
But I think like was it around Milan where the outbreak happened? I think it was,
would you? So ironic because I can't remember where it was but I just remember knowing seeing like exactly where we're supposed to go, that's where the first area was shut down and I was like, wow, they really hate me.
We'll go
to your old someday. I will. But um
Two
Are
do
you know that like cliffside city? That's, I think it's like sink. Tehran probably saying that wrong. But
that's okay. That was one place I was planning to go to because it used to be when I was like a kid that used to be my desktop background because I saw a picture on like tumbler and I was like, that's so pretty and made up my desktop background. I had no idea where it was until recently when someone told
me and I need to go there. They are.
That
What's more
than,
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look,
Well,
Okay, interesting. Yeah, I didn't know about that I guess. Yeah. I've never, like, I think I probably learned about ancient Greece but definitely not like anything about the modern times.
What?
It is.
Right. It's so crazy to me that like in europe you can be driving for a couple hours and be in another country, whereas he drive for a few hours and you're like in the middle of nowhere.
I
would never mcdonald one. But
Oh yeah, yeah, sure. Especially if you like live in florida or California or something. Right.
Okay. Word islands is not the smallest or is it Delaware? No Rhode island's the smallest.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's that's probably like the size of some of the countries in your. Oh right,
I'll
Yeah. I remember reading about Luxembourg and it was like the richest per capita or something and I was like
whoa! At a certain point probably now it's different but I was like years ago and I was like, oh my God, what they have there? Oh
Yeah, that's all I know about it. Is that one thing I read in like my textbook in like 8th grade, so probably nobody. Okay. I think we're 25 minutes. But it was good to meet you. Yeah.
I hope
you get settled in at your new apartment and everything. But
thanks to me all right.