Mhm. Hello, how are you?
Fantastic.
I'm Joni nice to meet you
Yeah
my never does.
well there's progress,
I'm
open for anything. Um where you live?
I used to live in Joplin Missouri would not very far from there. Um
We actually moved there 10 days before the big one hit, so wow that was really, something is uh if it stayed on the ground it would have hit us directly. So it was pretty bad. But now I live in grow town Georgia which is just outside of Augusta
so
you
know, I don't know I kind of stick with the restaurants that I know well you know Apple please and ones like that but I do love my pizza color but now they could not never
make one as good as my mom used to make and I can trying it but I know I wouldn't do it justice so.
man, that sounds good. I make a pretty good blackberry cobbler um raspberry, I've never had I mean with you know blackberries but a shot because I mean you can't beat cobbler, I can't I can't think of anything you can put in a cobbler I wouldn't eat mm But so what kind of are you all getting any kind of hurricane weather there? I don't really know, you're too far inland I guess that
wow. Well that's kind of good. Well but you've got a brain to so yeah we had a downpour yesterday um but we haven't had the win which I'm glad I when bothers me but being so far inland we really didn't
get a lot of um you know precipitation and
stuff from that so that's good. Um I still don't know how you pronounce the name of that hurricane, I used whatever
they could
have picked
something,
Isaiah's,
that's
what I would like
to be.
Uh, yeah, well that's what we'll call it. Being
branded singers. I say yes, but
it's been good. It's been uh, my typical day, I'm retired, disabled slash retired. So I don't really do a whole lot, but our car, our car is really bad and we had to have it towed away. I need to get fixed. So kind of grounded right now. Uh,
but it could have been worse and you know, I was kind of grumpy, but then I put it in perspective, but what happened was, I was out, um, I went to Evans, which is about 15
minutes
north of us north and I was shopping and uh, the library I go to is up there and on the way hope, um, I was like within half a mile of our house and I had to stop because this guy was broken in front of me and the break all the way to the floor and I went, oh no, and so I grabbed the emergency brake and he just happened to turn before I would have possibly slid into him. So all the way, you know, I'm creeping along and I had to go to the mailbox and creeping along and then finally got at home and we just started need a brake fluid, so
you know, we didn't get any hurry about it, and the next day my husband had me out there breaking and he was putting brake
fluid and stuff and it was poor and
broken or something rotted out of an old car, but it really, in the next day we had planned, I had bought tickets to go to a seminar for um
Active shooter seminar, which I was really excited they go to because we don't really go a lot of places, this is the
first time in forever, we were gonna go someplace and
I was
so
excited.
I'm out $40 and then, you know, and then the next day I guess jesus told me, you
know what,
if you've been on the highway doing 65 70
you may not have made it home To, to the seminar or whatever. So I was like, you know what, that $40
is a good lesson, I mean, it's just, it could have
been a lot worse. So yeah, and about this time last year we had to throw a bunch of money in it, so, you know, I don't look forward to the fall anytime good, but hopefully, maybe we'll get another year out of it before we can,
and we plan on something this year and then, you know, the Covid started and
we thought we'd better spend
their
money.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, I don't know if y'all are, they're probably not making anybody shelter in place anymore, are they?
Good.
Well, I I agree with you but that can get you killed, which is unfortunate. Um
no, it's disgraceful. It's it's inhumane to
think. You know, I mean if somebody has a problem breathing, they really shouldn't be out in the hot summer anyway. I mean, I know you got to go on this but where a lighter mask or where or have somebody go for you or something, you know?
Yeah. I mean you just I've gone to stores and stuff and now they
are,
they'll have
somebody I
think
like the day that I went to Evans, which was day before. Yes, friday saturday saturday
then I guess it doesn't really matter what day. Um Then they already stationed at the door. And that's when they officially we're telling people you got to wear a mask to shop here. And I, you know if he had anybody that was giving him a hard time, he said I not really I had people
had to tell and they turned around and left quietly and I said, well you're very fortunate uh that they didn't, you know, and I think a lot of them it's not it's all about, well that's my right not to wear one but you're affecting humanity basically
to be swollen.
Yeah. Exactly. They are. I mean you have to wear a seat belt
that's to you And you know in in essence try to protect
you, try to save your dumb life. Um and you have to wear a helmet, which is common sense but people you know some stew refused and so sometimes
you just have to save people from themselves. I mean yeah I mean they can deny it all over the place but you know I'm asking may
not work but when we had we were keeping people at home when we were making you know and people were aware that we're out we're wearing masks and stuff. We were we had it on the run you
know. Yeah and it and now it's right back where it was
if not work. So.
I'll see you know and I don't it's still true. There will be people a gaggle of people. There'll be like three women and three babies some infant thrown in there and and all of them are standing where talkie there you know touching stuff and
yeah and you know they don't um I guess I can't move this box, but sorry about that. But
you know, not only are they all they're taking up, you know, using air and spitting on stuff and touching stuff and their kids, you know, then they're not wearing masks.
and then they wonder, you know, why, why there were demographic of the particular people I saw are getting sicker more than anybody else. I'm like, do you need to be a little more careful? Um I saw this one kid um he sneezed just hard and he's the other, but I heard him all the way to the, you know, where I was and I skipped that. I'll hoping that the cloud would hurt off a dirty bomb. That door basically
it is gonna kill us, you know, But I mean, my mother never said, you know, you should cover your elbow, do something,
she wouldn't
say
stop,
no, no
and another woman I saw she had a mask
on but then she kind of pulled it down and stuck her fingers in her mouth and then she was touching stuff and it's are they wear the mask right there, you know?
No.
Well I think about it, I think I hope you know that they know how to use birth control better than they use their protection of their man because it's gonna fail on big a
that it defends them to have to use it so then they don't yeah that's uh they easily offended. They're just amazing to me. Uh I guess I
was just raised and you sound like you have common sense so you're not, you know people but I mean to get to get you know offended over the silliest things. I just if you if you don't have any more, you know, that's all you have to do, then you need to find something to fill your life because
something try to do some good for something.
That's something should come down, maybe take a chill
pill or uh oh gosh. Uh
It's
just
all
he ought to see somebody swear to like a confederate flag or something if he wants to get upset.
You know that's their right. I don't care if they want to carry a flag, you know that flag or not. But I mean if you want to get upset about something
that
maybe that's what we're going to get upset, but
I don't
know.
it doesn't yeah it doesn't represent anything to me other than the nation was in a a war
and then it's over and let's pass that lets learn from move past. Um But yeah I mean I
don't think that destroying statues is going to change anybody's mentality about
you know history uh sometimes his different
different people
you know maybe they don't whole story. I mean I think it was jefferson that had slaves but he was a good don't think father and at that time who didn't so
you
know when we look at who sold them to us you know start there. But uh that's tricky conversation. So
you
have.
I think the zealots are the ones that caused the trouble. Um
They
don't
even have
some time
and they don't have skin in the game generally they're just one is just to start trouble. Um So yeah um it's uh you know like the trouble starters about the mask uh and I think they, well as of like a couple of months ago there were like 100 people I do not fly list for not wearing masks. And what puzzles me is are they going on with the mask and then taking it off because they couldn't be a fine. I mean they wouldn't let him on the plane if they were, you know, trying to board without a mask on. So
that's the epitome of wanting to start try to start something So
you
know
I mean it's just kind of I don't understand you $500 on a pick it, you want to go in there and cause trouble and then get yourself put on a no fly zone where you won't be, you know, terrorist. Uh me, I got better, you know, used for my money in my time.
And uh
yeah, I think it's funny though that like uh there was an odd for one of them that they didn't let anybody, it must have been like a big Boeing or something to help the standard seats. And it said that we didn't, they didn't fill those but the whole Hercules anyway. So you know when you're in a confined place like then yet yeah, to be honest, I
don't know
if a mask would even work in that situation being so close, but it's better than nothing. So
you
absolutely
no,
no,
no kid.
Well
I
never thought about it, but I hope I never so bored that. First of all, if I never put in jail for any reason, I would just look because I wouldn't be able to, I've never
break the law, I'll never have a go to jail. Um
If
I was
but now you you know you can't resist and you do what you're supposed to and you comply
and you know that's the problem for some people to and um you know it's just the officers are doing their job when they defund them then what are they going to have? You know we're not gonna have any any kind of security and a kind of protection or nothing. Um You do at the prison?
Oh wow, that had to be scary.
my
You know?
The
camera,
thank
you.
I
can't.
Oh well that's a lot better to now, you're
still at work, right? Working from home. Good
good. Yeah that's it's always annoyed me having a boss that didn't cover my back. You know? Um
Like if I worked when I worked in a copy store years ago then uh if a customer said something and they were lying because they do that the customer is not right
then
my
boss
would.
Yeah absolutely because the customer is going to take advantage of you any chance to get
The i. d.
10 whatever. Uh you know what I mean? But yeah they you know you give them an inch and they'll take a mile and um there's some that you know they're honest and they really mean what they're you know saying and they they've done everything to just to live it. Uh I think of the word I'm trying to say but um you know to not have a problem. And they do
anyway. And uh and then there's others just like
we read reviews, me and my husband about a product
and they may say, well I didn't get around to open it until after six months
and it's broken and now I had, they won't take it back, who buys something? It doesn't look it over and use it in six months.
me too. I look and make sure all the parts are there and all that stuff. Uh I bought him a um like a rotating saw or jigsaw
and and the chuck was in the handle, kind of like part of placed in the handle. So you got to look for it, right? So he found it, he said where's the truck on this thing? And finally found it. Well then there was a couple of reviews did not come with chuck and we're kind of like, maybe, you know, you could have looked harder, maybe you could have read rushes, maybe you could have called the company, you know before
you just
start
complaining.
Yeah, exactly, exactly. But now like I really if I have an issue and it takes a lot to make make up set with a company, but if I have an issue then I told it all the way and uh
recently it lows I had ordered something And they sent me, I had it said zero balance all paid confirmation number, everything's good. And then like two days later I got an email to come to the store and pick it up and me and my husband slept up there to Evans and
not there and she said, well there was just a problem with the payment. She couldn't explain, she didn't apologize, she didn't say, you know what can we do for it? Nothing. And so then and before that even happened they had three people in the in that area behind the counter. And we've got ignored by everybody for the longest
time. Until finally
that she asked you know if you've been waited on, I'm like what do you think? You know I mean I would say that but
I just felt it. Uh huh. And um so then before that uh there was a guy waiting on another guy and the other guy, the only customer we were like next in line and he went off down the aisle or something and we're standing there waiting, standing there waiting. And the guy finally he closes the register and apparently the guy got something he
didn't want, he was going to go back and get a replacement. And so the guy he closed the register and then instead of waiting on us, he walks off. Well then you know there's one there's two then three and then all said and done and now I used to virtual
gift cards that I get for doing surveys and took the money off all of one of them. But it didn't take the balance off the other. So that's what happened. And now both cards have disappeared and I can't find the balances on them so I've still got a headache to deal with. But I got a nasty letter to the to yelp review and I sent a nasty letter to the company and they called and
sent me a gift card and said please come back and try us again. We'll talk to the people. Um And
I have yet to track down my money. But yeah that you know I appreciate them doing that because a lot of companies just uh help with you we don't care. Yeah
they.
but
this
up
yeah and that's not the first time every time we go in that store we have you know we can't get help from anybody. Uh We doored it through there. Um So you know it wasn't the first time but I mean like I said it takes me a while I don't just automatically blow up but so uh you know I may spend my gift card and then never go back. I haven't decided
yet. Just depends on the next trip but you know and I'm a good customer I'll be is dedicated and its loyalty is is you need to be if you reciprocate. Um.
absolutely
and we went Less than
a mile and went to a home home depot and got the same thing and saved about 10 cents but dragged it off the shelf.
But it was it was my fault when I ordered it that I didn't have it delivered. I didn't know
in the change heading. So you know I mean but that wouldn't have changed anything that happened because then they just said it's ready then it's shipped and everything else. And then I waited two or three days and no it's not. Yeah.
What's in the box? Open the bach. I love that movie.
It's so different. Uh huh.
So
you're
My dad would have never watched him. Maybe like that. He was all about uh nonfiction and military and uh you know maybe like airplane was his favorite movie because it was so funny. Um but had a great sense of humor but you know as far as just watching a movie just rip your entertainment, it had to be a really good story. Um
He wasn't in the true crime like I am so uh But
well
I'm I'm hooked. I mean I watched I read about it on my phone while I'm watching something on um uh I d investigating green thing. It's
always
on that.
What
now?
Okay. Well um how much
do you pay a month on that? Because I thought it was kind of expensive.
guess I'm getting it confused with something else because there's one out there that I hear
a lot and I looked it up and they wanted like $24 a month or or
more.
That doesn't sound right, I can't remember what the neck. But but I mean it was like I got Prime which you know we got the month that we pay monthly for prime for amazon anyway and then I have netflix and sometimes I watch uh voodoo
uh
but typically voodoo doesn't have anything and then you get to watch commercials anyway. So uh But
that's that could be I tried that and or voodoo, that's one of those and it was like it was outrageous how many had it was? I can, you know, my husband stand as he fast forward through. Um But you know, I can tolerate it to a point. But
yeah, I mean yeah, three or four commercials and then maybe 20 less than 20
minutes of program. And then commercials again, if
you
forget what's going on in the show by the time we're done.
So
let's
use
for breeze coming up this crime scene. You know I mean they make light of Clorox
rubber glove. Yeah.
yeah. There you go. Yeah.
Would that be a lot better?
Right, so what kind of crime shows do you like?
Ok.
I hadn't really um you know I know the overall pick through that but I really hadn't read too much about it. And the Lacy Peterson thing, was that the title of it? The Murder of Lacey? Because
I watched the scott Peterson thing and it was really interesting and well done. But um anything about that was fascinating. Um And Casey. Uh
man about
well
I'm gonna make a note now. Yeah.
Some of them they just leave me like they have a show now that's on I. D. It's called Still Missing or something like
that and it it goes for cases that you and I probably you know if you're a crime efficient. Otto you're familiar with but then it's kind of like but it it doesn't go into depth, doesn't tell anything different
and
it's not
solved.
it's so I I got where I quit what I meant. I mean because I was and I never thought there'd be a crime show that I didn't like that, that one. It's just a waste of time. So But
protect
your
system.
that's a
I think I have heard that. Is it a podcast or a video?
Okay. And what was his name? Um are
here's a world event from England Brandon. I'm gonna look that up too.
Um I like uh I like shows
like that when they're sensationalized
and
it's all about the fluff, but it's really, you know I mean, I feel like I've wasted my time and
it's been, you know, for nothing. So yeah, I
like shows
like
the teaser.
Yeah. Like my husband, we probably sound like weird, but he doesn't dig the true crime but now every night we've gotten for probably the last 68 months we started watching plane crashes and we want so many of them and so we're watching the same ones virtually every week. Um What supper now? Does that sound weird or what?
no.
we got we watched Monk a lot because there's not a lot of good quality television on anymore. Um
You know unless it's a genre you know specifically um But so we kind of
watch our old standards. Um like uh I can't think of the other ones but but yeah that played the plane crashes
and then like we fly I went for many years and didn't fly and then when we hit when he and I got married we started going to Minnesota to see his family
and his mom just turned 90 and we didn't get to go this year because Covid and so really heartbreaking because I know, you know, she's, she's in assisted living, but she's still quarantined and stuck
and yeah, and actually now she's been taking some falls. So that's given me so, but anyway, back to the lying. So once I started, uh, you know, telling myself
like, this is, you know, once in a lifetime,
you're
not gonna quit
worrying so much of stuff. And I look forward to the trip. And then now because of watching this, I think it's desensitizing me of the fear of it. Uh, so hopefully when I get
to fly again and I will have, you know, any problems and
a couple of muscle, I've never heard anybody. So
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But so you're engaged? How long before you get married?
Congratulations. Wow.
Well,
God, yeah, it couldn't have happened to people, I mean if your if your fiance is anything like you then kudos to that,
so
you give
me
wow. Suite and and like you entered it um
wow, good job, good job,
that's
nothing.
that's that's fun though. I mean exciting, get starting, starting a new married life together and then getting, you know, getting a good start on it like that, Are
you like a honeymoon at this point or?
Well
imposing.
Oh that was, yeah. Yeah, well that's that's wonderful. I've never known anybody that wants something like that, I mean just
like
you know, fortunate to that, y'all hadn't like already planned it sooner and already had all that paid for, you know, if the finances and stuff, because then they'd be like, I can't even use this, you know? Really? That's been heartbreaking. That would have been heartbreaking, wow,
that's
Uh
All
What a blessing. What what
I hope your whole marriage is blessed, is this situation
because
I
mean
now we've been married uh it will be 10 years next year. Um
been together, we kind of met late life and been together 2000 and four. Uh I tell him that I just kind of wore him down, but he does appreciate me. He says he does, he tells me that so yeah, that's but wow, that's just that's just mocks that totally rocks.
Oh, what about a band you are going to be able to have a band or music and stuff, is that arranged?
well you should buy a lottery ticket or two.
Yeah do it on the day you get married and you know, activities and stuff and, wow, that's just that's just awesome. I can't say that I've had some good times in my life, but I don't know if I can beat that other than marry and marry my old man. But
yeah, exactly, exactly. Had to wait a long time for him. But sometimes I want to wring his neck but not as much as as anybody I've ever met. So. Yeah,
Perfect
man.
my
goodness.
But
but
still I'm disabled and that's really hard for me. So he
does
that laundry and the dishes. I mean well
I
yeah. Oh gosh. Uh I just, I just feel so good, you know, just, wow, I'm so happy for you instead of me
too.
I mean
you
did
hey
you aren't you learned it? Um But I wish there were more young people around like you not just because of the story but you just easy to talk to and seem like you have so much common sense
and yeah
you
remind me of me.
You're wonderful. Well I wish
you
all
thank you bye bye