Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. More of your equipment. Yeah, Obviously. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Hello? Yeah. Okay. Let me 24. Well, it's for just hanging out until it starts. Uh huh. Oh, okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Just a simple song. Yeah. Yeah. And you come on something possible. Okay. Yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah. And I just look right. Yeah. Mhm Oh. Mhm. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Something honey on that bull crap. No. Yeah, that is a foreign is better. Hello?
I am good. How are you? Yes.
So I am Brandon.
Can you hear me? Okay. Yeah,
my hair's is not wanting to cooperate.
I've almost got it long enough to put it in a ponytail, but not quite. Yeah.
So
what are we chatting about today? What do you wanna talk about?
I'm in north texas in Wichita Falls. So we're about five minutes away from the Oklahoma border. No.
What?
I know
you didn't get picked up
around there.
I want,
See my mama wasn't a great baker, like she could, she could cook some food, but when it came to baking she could just never get it down. But my best friend's grandma, she made the best like mixed berry cobbler, like blackberries and raspberries. Oh, it was so good. Mhm,
I think we're a little bit too far and we're getting grace guys and a little bit of wind, but we're not really getting anything that's more noticeable than that. Like we're not even getting any like sprinkling, but we live in a weird geographical area where it kind of like bees in. So like if it hits us from that point right there, it just goes to either side of us and our entire pound misses any rain.
Look
two.
I've
been
saying
Isaias
but
I'm
pretty
that's wrong.
Everybody.
Yeah. It's been a pretty good day for us. Has everything been for you today?
What?
Thank
you.
And
no.
that's all, that's rough. Yeah.
What?
What?
That
all
planned
out everybody. Mhm.
To
mark.
I want.
Well.
Absolutely.
What?
So
much
trouble
just to get out anywhere.
Not down here. We are getting a lot more serious about our masks. Like the actual community is holding people to it at this point instead of just hoping for stores to,
so if you see somebody outside, they don't have a mask on were like, hey, what are you doing? There's chilled. Like come on. Like we, we pressure them end up putting a mask on essentially.
And that's the same thing is that it's actually getting people killed and everybody's just sitting there like this is the new norm and it's like, no, it shouldn't be.
Where?
I make a run for my grandma and one of our neighbors every week just grabbing what they need because they don't want to get out and get it completely.
The
devotion.
No.
The
what?
No.
No,
It's your
not to wear one, but at the same time, it's also the stores right to say, okay, well until you're willing to comply with us, you can't shop here because they're keeping their customers safe, their employees safe. They're doing what they have to and people are treating them like they're, you know, communist or something.
What
the trial,
absolutely.
Whoa,
And dropped.
Well,
that's just like living in texas. You know, we've got some of the craziest numbers and everybody's sitting here. Like I don't understand how this is happening. Everyone's wearing a mask. It's like, no, they're not. Or it wouldn't be happening. Like our our mayor here in this in Wichita Falls is just insane with this stuff like what we originally started to shut down. He was like, okay, but the bars can stay open and everyone can still go golfing and bowling and all of like the close contact, like right beside each other stuff. And I was like, what? People couldn't get their lawns done by like professional lawn care services, but they could go bowling and golfing with all of their friends. Like you made no sense. And then, well, I don't understand why we're getting all these spikes in cases and it's like, you're dumb.
We're just in a little group too.
It's okay.
Home. Oh
Blaine.
I didn't
try to
correct the behavior when it should have been
correct.
Well,
fuck
Right. That's like putting up my fiance made a funny joke about that. She's like, every
time I see somebody that's got their match like that with their nose hanging out, it's just like thinking about a woman putting on a broad and they just have one of her just like right outside of work. I was just like, oh my God, that is perfect.
they're just setting the pills down beside the bed before they actually take them or do anything.
No.
You need to get a hobby, like take up some checkers or something. Oh,
what man, they got those nice coloring books for adults now and you can get your own markers and everything.
What?
that's
like
I've had people raise their voice at me. Like I went to United Market Street, which was one of our major grocery stores down here And it was like 2:00 AM because there 24/7 so I go and it's super late when they're stocking stuff just so I can grab the one or two things I need and there's like almost nobody there. And
there was one guy there and he was wearing just a simple paper mask and my my best friend's wife actually sos mess. She's been selling them for stores around here and stuff. So I've got a couple of different ones that I picked from and one of them she just completed for me, it's got little candy corn just all over it. And like what I like Halloween parents and I had an autumn, he was like, Halloween is not for like another two or three months. What are you doing bro? And like he got upset with me over my mask and I was like, are you really doing this right now? I was like, it's a map me alone and like it's a good quality and like it covers everything right here and and you just so upset about it. I was like, I'm sorry that your life is like this buddy. Yeah.
All
I don't
know.
And
I live
too deep self to concern myself with that. You try to explain it to people and they're like, nobody inherited. I'm just like, you could, you know what? I don't care that much.
What?
I'm
What? See I understand some of the statues um due to the replacement like in like public parks and stuff that can be pulled to like someone else, like a local hero or something. I get that. But the ones that are like state issued places for like years and it was like mandated by law that it was placed in that area for a specific reason. We can leave those long. But there's no reason to remove that statue because it's got the history on the plaques and like the gift shop and all that. Like there's tons of stuff around it where you can get the actual story and it's not just a statue of a dude that fought for the south for no reason. Uh
Well,
what?
Right. Everyone did
at that point.
And that's the thing
that it
comes down to is that if you look at it with any empathy, your um compassion, people look at you like you're siding with somebody and you're not, it's literally just, I can understand why these people are saying and I can understand why these people are saying it, but I'm not saying that either one of them is a better argument than the other.
All right, well,
it's like
the same
political parties, that's the relics
that cause problems for everyone.
then,
You
know that they're going
to require it, they probably think you at least once or twice as you've gotten on the plane, thank you for wearing your mask and keeping everyone safe and stuff like that. You know, that it's part of it at that point, wow.
I
got better things to do. Exactly.
we
do.
Right. It might
work a little bit, but even if it isn't working the way that it should be, it's something that's been requested of you to be able to utilize that service at that time. Like it's, it's
not that big of a deal for most people.
The only
people I used to work in the maximum security state prison that's here, just about 5, 10 miles out of our town. And
uh yeah, I was there for about a year and the people that freak out about the mask are the same people that if they were in a prison situation, they would be harassing officers and just essentially causing trouble just to help pass the time and we always put them lifers and that's just essentially all they did, they would start, they wouldn't necessarily start a fight, but they would cause havoc in their cells so that the team would have to come in and evacuate them just just to pass the day because it was something different than just sitting in their
cell every single day. So those people, they, it's just almost like synonymous to me because the same people that are freaking out about being in a salad and same old little freak that would in that situation freak out because of the mask and it's just the personality similarities are just insane to me, They just remind
me of each other so much. Mhm.
I
Like
I go
five over on the highway and I feel like crazy.
No.
Um I was a corrections officer, I worked in the general population unit.
It kind of was it was it was less scary because of the offenders and more scary because of the lack of support that we have from the texas department of Criminal justice. It's the only reason that I'm not out there anymore is the fact that we would do our job to the t the way that we're supposed to as per texas law and per our code of conduct and our handbook and everything and you know if they got bored or they just decided they didn't like you since texas considered an at will state for employment. If they didn't like you for any reason they talked to somebody human resources, you know, monday morning you wouldn't have a job like you
had, you had to be a brown noser up there to be able to succeed and there was zero support when it came down to like any overtime or something. Like if you get caught like transferring an inmate from cell to cell, if it's on the same block that can usually be donald in a shift. But if it's not
then you have to categorize every single possession that the inmate owns and um get that list over to the other cell block, have them verify what's coming. And then just it's like a 12-14 hour process. There's no way that can be done in
one
day's time and your support just as big. Yeah. And they're like, okay well you're off when you're off and just leave. And it's just like I said, the only reason that I'm not out there anymore
is
because of the support, because of the camaraderie of the fellow officers that I had. I love that position. You know, it was a really good job but it just, it didn't pay enough to have to deal with harassment from the inmates and from my superiors all the time. It was just like no, not doing this anymore. And now I work
from
home for insurance.
20.
The explosion.
What?
No,
I don't
know
who came
up with, customer's always right but they were dead wrong. Yeah.
The customer in 95% of the time is an idiot. Yeah,
cripple.
Look
there,
No, sir.
What?
as soon as I get something in, the first thing I do is pull out my box cutter and I'm like, I wonder what this is and I start messing with it.
Well,
Use
any
type
of common sense.
brush
What?
Why?
What?
What?
What?
No.
there.
Mhm
that they apologize kind
of and then just brush off. I'm sorry
that
you
had a problem with what we gave you like.
Brooke.
I find this story doesn't like I'm going to keep going there if they're good to me, like every single time, even if it costs a dollar
or two more, if I like the store, I'll probably go there to get it. Oh.
Going.
There you go.
In. Broader.
Where's the box?
That's a really good movie. It's operated. No.
Yeah. That's crazy. I remember
watching
it for the first time with my dad. Yeah.
When?
we watch
a lot of true crime stuff here too.
See
we used
google, they've got a lot of true crime
stuff on there. They've got way
more than netflix. We use lulu. Yeah.
Perhaps
I it's not too bad. We have the combo where you get Disney and Julia together So it's $14 for both of them. But if it was just too low I think it's like $8. It's like 799 impacts. No and it's completely commercial free. Or you can choose the commercial one Which I think is only like $4 a month. But like you do have to watch commercials in between some parts. Mhm.
I think.
Oh that's
probably HBO max. That's one of the newer ones that just came out and they're pretty expensive.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
See we've been watching a lot of to be, we use it through our xbox and it's just like voodoo but it's but the commercial breaks are totally way more manageable. Like if you're watching a movie there's only like two commercial breaks and it's like 30 seconds altogether. Like it's a lot more reasonable compared to voodoo where it's like every three minutes. Yeah.
Bird.
Wait.
that's
just a lot.
You're
more worried about Febreze than you are. What's actually happening in the
show that you chose to watch?
Well
What did you have in there?
See if they did advertising like that where it was like based off of the show. Like if you're watching a romantic comedy, it's advertising like wine spritzers and cheese boards and stuff.
See that would be but Mhm.
If
the last major one that we just finished was the murder of Lacy Peterson on Julio and oh my God, they went deep into that like it was it was very well done
And it definitely changed my opinion is a lot about that entire court case that happened back in I think it was like 03. But we just finished that one and now we're watching one on gypsy Rose blanchard. Um Look good. Yeah.
correct. I think it's the Murder of Lacy Peterson. Let me check just real quick.
Anthony. But
but the name of that
show was the Murder of Lacy Peterson.
I mean it was it was fantastic. Me and my fiance, we're sitting here the entire time. Like that was just well put together. Like it's enjoyable to watch. It's super informative. It's just, it's all over the place, just like good, you know, true crime.
What?
And
just
touching
the surface. Yeah. Sure.
See we saw some Youtube videos where it was actually 911 recordings where the guy spent about five minutes um at the like he spends like anywhere between like a minute in a minute and a half explaining the situation before the 911 call and then it actually plays the recording of that call and then afterwards he explains, you know, what happened with it
and you
know, where
they are today, if they are today. Um
Yeah, my fiance watches them a lot. I've only seen three or four of them. Um They do have a really good true crime field to them, but they're also a little bit like macabre, just because you know, it is like, you hear actual gunshots when people are like, oh, I'm gonna kill myself and then like a few minutes you actually do hear it. So it is a little bit darker, but at the same time it is projected and a like not necessarily educational, but like information, like informative um way just the way that the guy hasn't set up and I think is Youtube name is like Mr murder or something like that. What's wrong?
there's a podcast, but he also takes like fan favorite parts out of the podcast and he turns those into smaller videos and then puts those on his actual youtube. What?
Mr murder like M. R. Dot and the murder.
Absolutely
trump
thank
you.
No.
Like
there's a
difference between having to fill up a little bit of time with the show and like going into like more like Not necessarily more in depth with like a more emotional approach to it. And then instead of just being like, and what happened next will blow your mind and then it goes to commercial for like 30 minutes. Yeah.
What? Yeah, I'm just sitting here like, okay, that's boring. Thanks for wasting my time.
We stopped orders well eaten and then like we got to one episode we just decided we couldn't do it anymore. We switched shows for food.
It's just over two X files I think. Instead of hoarders. Yeah.
Word.
Well.
What?
Hello.
remote.
Come on.
They
are
all
Good.
All
Mhm. Definitely be a bonus to be able to watch something. You enjoy it and it turns out that it makes you a little bit of a better person.
Um we're actually getting married in Muncie. Today is the 4th 25
We won we won our wedding, we thought we were gonna get married like 20, or 20, Um We want our wedding from a local venue here in town and they included a cake decorator, a photographer, a DJ caterer. Um There's
a whole dance lessons, haircut and makeup, pretty much everything but the dress and the rings and altogether we're saving like 23, because it's all being offered completely complimentary and like we are poor, we are very much paycheck to paycheck here. That's why I do so much stuff on like prolific and stuff like that. It's just to help out with that gas money and to win the wedding. Like we're like we just want it in um like mid june and like we're having the wedding in august now so it's been like a mile a minute for like the last two months. And like we're both just super excited like we got the marriage certificate today like that I took the day off just so we could go get it and it's just been chaos but like in the best way possible. I love it.
he's very
much down to earth. We've been together since 2011, like January 4th or so of 2011 And we've been inseparable since and we've got a little girl that's six And I mean like I've known 70 cents middle school, I knew I was going to marry her eighth grade. I just I was too, I was too scared to say anything. So I finally
said
something or in 2011 wow
we were actually nominated by our friends and family. We don't know what's going on until like a day after it started. And then we started just because it was like how many votes you get on a picture on the facebook page for the venue? So we just shared it around to a few groups that weren't on facebook And we ended up getting 3000 more likes than any of the other couples. So there were eight couples in total. Yeah,
we're gonna meet and
I just
put on my suit for the first time yesterday, they're going to be shipping it to me. It's shaping up, but it's crazy. Mhm.
Absolutely.
Um Probably not. If we get stimulated, we might take like a weekend somewhere, but just with our financial situation were most likely just gonna take a little bit of time off work and have like a staycation at home just because
it would
be so much easier to afford it. Right? And Koven,
this is the first
thing we've ever won. Like we've been in other contest before and we've never won them. We just did him, you know, just as like a date night thing. And like this just so happened to fall in our lap and we went from not even knowing about it to winning it. And we're just like,
And the good news
is the way the venues set up. We're able to have most of what our original guest list would have been actually be there because we're on restrictions here in town. So it's um, Like
usually she can have like 150 or so, but she's down to like half
capacity. So our max limit is 75, But we were only going to be inviting about 80-90 people. So we just have, we had a lot of people that were like, hey, thank you so much for thinking of me, but please don't invite me because I'm not going to be able to come because of Corona. So the people that we weren't able to have join essentially already marked themselves off. So we got our entire guests. That's the way that we wanted it.
What?
Thank
you
so
much. As long as I've got over sent me, I'm happy. Yeah.
Also,
Absolutely.
Well they've actually got a DJ set up for two. So the venue owner and a local DJ actually partnered together to help pay off some stuff. And it was actually his idea to do the complimentary wedding in the first place. But since the venue owner actually holds the venue and he's just taken up like a small corner of it, like she's doing most of the footwork, whereas he's just like paying for stuff and being like, and I'm the DJ.
Yeah, that's what I told 70 was like, listen, we spent $10 on lottery tickets and just see what happens.
But it's what you wanted. So you're good.
It's less murder this time. Yeah. Already. Well, I think from here we are good to go. I think I'm gonna go do some dishes. Yeah.
So,
well, the good
news
is we
have a dishwasher, so I just
have to like put them in and press a button. Mhm.
I get
it.
See my
foot want to have some back issues, so sometimes it is hard for her to be able to bend down and get it done. And she said, you don't have to do the dishes every time, and I'm like, well, I'm getting there before me, I'll just I'll get it done then. You can't do anything about it. Right. Well, it was fantastic talking to you today, though. This was awesome.
thank
you.
It's a cool little story to tell us. It seems to make people's
day better, so it doesn't
bother
me to brag just a little bit about it. Uh huh.
There's
lot of them that this is their entire life, so we do our best
to try to stay a little bit grounded with it. Yeah.
Yeah, I hope it's a compliment.
well, you
have
a fantastic day. Thank you,
Bye.