Hi. Yeah.
Hey.
Okay. Hear me? Nice.
All right. How you doing?
I'm good. I'm good. Uh huh. Yeah. Two. Uh huh.
Mhm.
Mm.
So when you start doing prolific,
this
is because
school.
I think I started like this last september and yeah, it's been pretty good. Yeah.
How many interviews have I had? Yeah,
this is my first one of the second session. Wait, let me close my door way. Yeah.
This is my I guess you're my second interview person. Ah since the 1st 1. Yeah. Uh What do you like to do
for fun? Yeah.
Nice. Which one?
That's
I don't Uh huh.
Yeah, I don't really play that many, but my brother does. I just play like, I don't know the basic ones, like my craft or whatever. But yeah,
my brother
is more of a gator. Mm.
What do I do? I like to do a lot of art. I'm an artist. As you can see my wall. I don't even see a lot back there. The cat.
Uh huh. Yeah. We just got her. Her
name is Barry.
Mhm. Um
We didn't we didn't really adopt her but we're fostering her. So that means like once she does get adopted her.
Yeah, we give her back basically. We're just taking care of her right now.
Uh huh. Um So do you do anything
for a living?
Do you do anything for a living?
Nice. Nice. Which 1?
Mhm. That's cool.
I am a student so I'm just doing college I guess.
Um I go to hit I go to U. Penn, so I'm based in Philly. Yeah.
Uh huh. I'm studying design there. So that's why I have so much art stuff everywhere.
Do I use a laptop? Like what?
Um So at first when I came into college I was a good painter but now I'm like doing more drawing based stuff with my hand and I just got like an ipad so I could do digital art. But yeah it's been pretty fun. Yeah.
sure.
it's fine it's fine. You play any sports?
Um Back in high school I swam a lot
and I also did figure skating for a bit but now I just skateboard. Yeah.
Yeah if you count that it's a sport I'm not good at it. I don't know how to do, I only know how to do like one trick but yeah still fun.
Were you originally from, Yeah. Thanks.
What would you say?
well I'm chinese but I'm from texas I guess. Yeah. Yeah
I was born in texas. Yeah.
Yeah.
mm. That's cool. Are you still there?
Mhm. that's cool, that's
Mhm
Um
Yeah say it again?
I don't I don't know if it's you're breaking up a little bit,
write it up. Yeah. Hello? Yeah.
Oh really? That's
uh I
don't know what you're saying, sorry about that um Mhm
Uh huh
Are you uh are you currently in America or like somewhere else?
That's cool. It's only yeah.
Yeah. Well did you hear a lot of the needs about like the american elections? Yeah.
Yeah I voted yes yes.
No I didn't vote for trump
now even though I'm from texas, you know, I move past that um
Oh yeah but it was actually
quite
close
yeah actually pennsylvania because I'm in pennsylvania right now, like I'm in Philly
so um the day that biden won uh me and my friends were at like the really famous, you know the rocky steps? The museum? Well
we were there we're gonna at the art museum, we were at the art museum and um, we found out that vital one and everyone started honking their cars and shouting. Yeah. And it was so cool. It was so fun. I was like, wow, I felt so it felt like really exciting. I guess my parents back at home are trump supporters so they're pretty sad about that. Mm
Oh well
what can you do? Yeah.
Oh my gosh, I'm yeah,
I'm
very
proud.
Yeah, I'm proud of
binding winning.
Yeah. He's not, the biden is not the best person but definitely better than trump. That's for sure. 100%.
Yeah. And well the way he treated like covid and like beale him. I don't know like he had to go
say
Wait, what did you say? Are you breaking, it keeps on breaking up a little bit. So did you ask me, you asked me about BLM? Right?
Oh, okay. I think, yes, he'll be more vocal, but not in the same way as trump trump is very controversial. Like he likes to tweet all this, like, I don't even know what he's thinking in his mind, but like I feel like vitamin B more politically correct, which is better than what trump does and will be more vocal on issues that like uh like his his voice be more heard on like pretty important issues and like he'll talk more and raise more awareness about different issues. Like I think trump instead was like, I don't know, he just talked a lot of words. We redid some weird stuff. I mean like outrageous things and like you know how he like spread false information to like it was just like very frustrating to like, I don't know. Yeah I do you think they'll probably be the same localization? Just different topics slash like obviously different opinions like that. Yeah. Yeah man, what a good time. Mm Yeah
my favorite movie. Um I really like inception. Yeah and such a good movie.
I don't know. Yeah. Well
any christmas
okay, so that movie was directed by Christopher Nolan, but Christopher Nolan is just so good. Like you know how he's made like Interstellar and like um like movinto and other like the prestige like direct dollars movies. They're also good just like any movie by him I guess. But yeah um I guess I also like thrillers are like thrillers. Have you seen, have you seen Shutter Island? Oh that's a good movie but yeah what kind of movies do you like watching? Mhm.
Well which ones?
I
don't
think
yeah I haven't seen that. Yeah
did
you
ask
me
I
don't
think. Uh Yeah I have sorry. Yeah I have it's very good yeah.
The ending is horrible. I
so disappointed. Uh Yeah man did you? Yeah I don't know but if you've seen if you've seen game returns have you seen Westworld?
Oh nice. Yeah. Um I what did you think about it?
Mhm. Yeah it was it was a cool concept but yeah there were things I was like oh um I think I like the second season by the end of second season I was like uh I didn't watch there's a new season three but I didn't watch it. Um Yeah I don't know.
Only going back to Game of Thrones. Who is your favorite character? Yeah.
Oh my God. But he died.
Thank
you.
I know
I
too.
Yeah.
Two
you don't like?
Yeah
he was um I really liked I like terry in the small dude, the
dwarf guy and then I like he was so smart. I love like his dialogue and he's like the way he talks. Uh and then Aria was just like yeah. Uh
Oh yeah I like john Yeah I like Jon snow but I feel like he's like he's like you know a basic character like everyone likes him. Uh huh.
Mhm. Um Remember like do you have a favorite part of
the show?
Yeah there are a few very good ones but I can like remember very specific ones were also Yes, that felt so good.
dude that was that was
felt
so good, felt so good any time they get revenge, it just like feels like remember when Littlefinger died um he was like being held at a trial and then santa was no like that felt so
good, I was like and then also went on also in uh King Joffrey died, That was great.
mm Uh huh Yeah, he
annoying.
that was
Yeah, I don't yeah that scene, it was horrible at least Aria got them back like remember how she like took off his face and like killed all his friends or whatever with the drink, That was good, Fantastic. Oh man, if only they, I wish they would rewrite the ending because like oh gosh they just need to redo that
part, it was so lazy,
it was so lazy,
the right thing.
Uh huh I um I heard that like their writers of the show or the directors or whatever, they were like after after they released game of Thrones last season, they're like we can't go on the internet for like a year because they would get so much hate. They knew they knew,
Yeah, I watched some of it, but not all of it. I got tired at one point and I didn't finish.
But yeah, it was really good. Well I forgot which season I stopped on, but yeah, my favorite character for that one is uh the dude, the side assistant. Oh my God, what is his name? I forgot.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks jesse. So
good. Mhm
Yeah, I think I got to the part where like his girlfriend overdosed because like the bald guy like didn't stop it and then like everyone died on my airplane or like like crashed because it crashed into each other. Yeah. Yeah.
No.
Uh huh. Yeah.
Uh
All right. I feel like I actually have a test in like five minutes which is perfect. Yeah. Seriously? It's for astronomy, but yeah, it was
it was
like there.
Oh, thank you so much. All