Hello.
Thank you.
I'm
good. I'm glad you showed up because I think I had uh the last two no shows.
Well,
yeah, me too. I'm not working because of Covid, so.
Man, you read books on your phone, I guess?
With
you.
Thank
you.
shoot damn. Yeah.
Oh, just to collect just
to
have
it on myself.
But
I mean it hasn't become a problem yet. It's not like you're
you're buying like
five, copies.
Uh huh.
Mhm.
then they actually uh yeah, because they they just look at it and it reminds them like, oh, she actually
get
to that.
I used what, what
did you
say?
I
used to read a lot? Um Mhm. From like middle school
to like
when I graduated high school. But after I like went to college and stuff, I like red less and less.
So
now I rarely read, but uh maybe I read like one or two books a year, but
like every time I read it, like I go through it quick, you know, like I'm like constantly reading it, it's
not like
I pick it up. Yeah, like
but it is I I do enjoy it, but I just haven't really delved into it because I'm doing other stuff. So
So
you go you go through phases, you're like
I go through authors like I'll like reading one or two and then I'll like, I'm like, I'll read I'll read everything that this author is written, Been
Good
one.
Or like a certain director or something like for
But
well I'll
kind of watch movies and the shows and anything like like a book like uh I'll pause it and then I'll do something and I'll come back like so like even if I do laundry like a pause it go do it come back wash the best and then I'm like oh it's time to pick it up in the closet and go back and
sometimes I do it like and a lot of people like oh I can't do that, I can't stop the movie and pick it up the next day or something like that you know?
Do you have HBO? Like the uh
oh maybe you read this book it's called uh I know this much is true
I guess it was a book and then they made it into a mini series with
Mark
Ruffalo
and it's it's on HBO it's like the best miniseries I've seen this year. It's really good.
He
plays, he plays uh twin brothers in the show.
Check out the trailer. Yeah. And then um yeah, I don't know when the book came out, but it was the best seller and stuff like that.
I know that much is true. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
it
was
it
I
wonder if we're disappointing or not because like after they recaptured they like do a reunion, you're like it was okay to see them, but it's not the same.
Well
Ok.
Ok
Well
he had to uh this time just because he was like, well we every vote counts
exact
Yeah, I hear that. Okay.
it's getting worse right now with shutdowns and stuff going
to
where do you live?
I used to go to school in Pittsburgh,
so
I would go, I would go to Cleveland um
like, like Cleveland heights area, um every like three months or something like that,
just
like those,
like uh I would go to like the grog shop and I think they beach lind ballroom
or something
that's all
for
and
then adorable room. Okay.
Which, which, which venue was it close to the
garage or?
I do remember Like a block away from the venue, I don't know, maybe like seven years ago,
no more than that had to be like 15 years ago chipotle opened up before
they had Pittsburgh, so every time we went to Cleveland we like, and we were at the garage shop, like we got a hitch poll for
like a couple
of years.
Oh shit. Damn. Well
how long were they running?
was that cattle just down the street from it? Oh, I think, yeah, I think I remember uh
I think I remember that place.
Okay. Shaker heights.
You love doing pretty good right now?
But I think he needed someone wild too for that role though, you know, like to do all that stuff to be that ambitious I guess.
He's
definitely a character.
Do you want drive play?
Damn.
So they had to pop the hood to do it and stuff? Yeah. Weird.
That's right. Yeah.
What's
that?
Maybe for like, is it old house? So
it might be like, yeah, So it was made for smaller cars.
Rav four.
I live in Brooklyn now. Yeah.
Well, it's it,
I
mean everything is going up. Please see. Yeah, like everything's skyrocketed for something. Yeah, I mean it's going up, it's kind of going back down right now. Uh Damn
13 November. It was 50
400 cases, but now it's 3400, so it went down 2000.
Yeah, like that. Also like more people are in contact with each other and live on top of each other in new york,
so,
you
see.
10 years
now. 10 years.
Even more newer stuff and things coming up. Yeah.
Uh you know, like when I moved here, it was like definitely on the up and up already, but now it's like uh there's way more money now, it's like everything's more sterile.
Okay.
I was there.
what's that june or something?
I played viola. I played viola.
don't
No, never, I always played viola. Um I didn't I didn't want to play cello or bass because it's too big
and
violent
and I
felt
like I felt like
everyone plays violin, so
I was like
I was like, oh well it's a little deeper, Okay, I'll go for that and
I want to I want to do a wind instrument. But my parents are like our family has like uh bad lungs because like and
stuff so
yeah, it's like don't take a witness statement which is bullshit but whatever like so that's why we feel
little bit there like playing and they just said play a stringed instrument.
My mom Taiwan is. Yeah.
Yeah. And my death from china. So
yeah. Uh I think he went to Taiwan and met my mother and then they came to the states afterwards. Um
Taiwan's killing it right now
with,
I just read uh they
had the
Ultra E. D. M. Festival there
Because
they didn't have a case in 200 days or something like
what?
No.
Damn. I'm gonna I'm gonna read about that
shoot and go ahead.
My parents do. Uh my mom's grandparents are here now so uh less and less. So
maybe
like
this maybe like uh Distant like distant relatives or something. So
I wish I'm 42. yeah
my mother's grandparents, yeah
my um my grandfather just passed away last year but my grandmother is still kicking.
I don't know. She has to be like yeah she has to be like early nineties, late eighties right now. Uh
my grandma.
I mean she's not like assistant aid like facility and stuff but like my parents live six minutes away so
they go to visit her in like um my uncles, my mother's brothers, they live in the same town too,
so
it's like everybody lives in the same place in Connecticut. So uh
it's
getting cold today but it's great. It's great out.
I didn't know.
interesting.
It
gets plenty of rain so. Yeah.
we rocked it. Yeah we spoke for over a half an hour, so
this one's just true. Yeah.
good.
like, even like check out the book even, you know what? I might read the book actually?
fiction, but I don't know. I don't really have a genre anymore.
Smoke
smoke.
So
snow crutches. Two words.
I really like Michael, Crichton. Mhm,
But
also, okay. I also like uh, nick hornsby. So,
uh, he does like heartfelt movies, like about a boy and stuff like that, don't you think?
so that
Neil
for neal Stephenson, right?
Okay.
the cornfield also did High Fidelity. So
Oh, the show, Yeah, I didn't watch it. It's like Zoe Zoe Kravitz. Yeah.
It didn't get that great. I watched like a few minutes of it. It didn't seem like it was kind of crunchy, but I didn't get good ratings so they can yeah,
let's be and I guess he did a book I've heard of a fever pitch, but I haven't like checked. I don't know if
you were
pitching in
to
uh Yeah, I think I think it became a movie also kid
That's really nice to meet you. Stay warm and hopefully at the end of this year it gets better.
Yeah.
All