Okay. Mhm. Uh A little bit different. Who would that do for them? Mhm Oh, mm. No. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Hi
do
pretty well. How about yourself?
Yeah. I have the time these days.
Not
same. It's a little volunteer on my own. But yeah, I'm not working very many hours and I have like to build, not like sitting here stops me from reading my book. So Uh huh
Well I have the Kindle app on my phone. Uh I'm such like actually like
I think
like books but I'd like you all the way. I have so many books but I travel a lot. And about four years ago I realized that I could really lighten my suitcase load when actually
taking
vacations instead of traveling by switching. And it was like revolutionary because now I can focus all the time. So I'm always reading like three or four completely different things. I don't have to worry about leaving him in my car, especially in the winter when they get snow on that. I was trashing my books pretty badly.
it's actually, although here's the real problem occasionally I'll read a book and I love it and then I'll like by a hard copy.
I
just
love
it right? Because like a kindle book, even if I paid for it, it's like I own it. Do you what I mean? I don't know there's something, there's something wrong with that. I'm aware. That's weird. My husband is just like he says he can't believe I do
this. So we don't tell him that I'm doing.
No,
no.
Well I mean he he's like 100% of library guy. He doesn't feel the need to own any books right. He will just re library something if he wants to read it again. Um
but I mean I still have space on some bookshelves and I guess that's true but I also I lend people books like you can't lend someone a kindle and if I love something I give it to my best friend and then he'll give it to his roommate and then she'll give it to her boyfriend and they'll eventually get back to me and I feel like that was something great, you know what I mean? Uh
Because you can tell someone that looks great but the chances of reading it is pretty low unless you hand them a copy of the book. Okay.
I
know
I was going to read that and then also like if you're bored we're like exceptionally lazy, which I don't think the people I know are exceptionally lazy, we all have lazy moments and if you're bored and it's there, you're way more likely to read it. Uh and I really like books, so it's like the one nice thing I can do for people with very little effort. Um Plus I'm
I'm
regular
reader. Do you re
read them all?
First
grade.
that's fair.
And it
What?
What's
going on
from? Okay,
that makes sense. And then also I think that we go through times when we're reading a lot, when we're not right. Uh so like definitely when I was in college, I certainly wasn't doing as much like reading for enjoyment, do what I mean, like I was reading so many textbooks and so many assigned works, written works that I just like I stopped reading what I wanted to read and then I'll find something I really like or genre or like a specific thing and then I'll read a bunch of those. Um
I,
I gotta say this. Yeah, like for example if I find an author that I think is really fantastic, like I read it and I really enjoy it all. Like go to their backlog and all of a sudden I'm reading a ton because I found this author I like, so I'm reading everything they wrote and then finish that up and then I'm like watching netflix for another couple months or actually usually who these days, but
because once you
tell them something
that speaks to you, that's like just right where you want it when you need it. Yeah, there's something about that, same with like people do that with everything, right? Like you find sort of a new niche genre of music and all the sudden you're like, man, how did I miss up in the entire 90s trip hop movement, which
for people who are big film buffs, my husband's a much bigger film buff than me. I something about the length of movies bothers me now. Don't talk. It is um like they're too long. I have such limited focused I think when it comes to watching movies and I think it's because of streaming, because I got so used to multitasking while I watch stuff and then like when you watch it with you just sit there and watch it. You're not also doing the laundry or dishes or cooking or you know whatever else I multitask. So I'm just like my mind like ok can we fast forward through this
emotional part? We
want this coaches.
Next.
I mean I think that there has become this really interesting blends between like it used to be like there were two types of TV shows, they were half an hour or an hour but really like 21 minutes or 42 minutes. Right? And then there were movies and now and like tv shows would go on and on but now you have things like very specific eight episode runs and stuff that feel like a long movie or you have like so I think I watched part of the problem is I want to watch movies the same way that I watch television. Like there's such a blend of length of content or intensity of focus. Like there are tv shows that are so much more intense and focused and crazy now than like a lot of the movies that come out where it used to be a movie would be like always better quality for like filming and camera work and now everything is sort of like everything feels like it could be anything if that makes sense. I don't know if that even those make sense. But I really like like those eight episode kinds of things because it's also the exact right amount of link for my attention. Like I watched over a weekend, right? And then I could be done with it. We're like a movie feels like I have to sit there and watch it without stopping. And that's weirdly, I don't know when that became so hard because I remember as a kid really liking movies. Yeah.
No, I don't but I did.
Why does that sound familiar though?
We
do
do like Mark Ruffalo. Um
I know this Magister. I will put it down because uh
my
I wonder if I have it because that title was really
I'm
yeah, I will say um I do not have HBO or Showtime but with a few friends, we will occasionally switch out our passwords just for like specific runs of things. Uh
Or even just like one offs. Like my husband loves the West Wing and they did HBO did like a one episode like read through and I like around my friends password so he could watch back. She really wanted to watch.
I want to
look
cute but not so much the big needed to watch that. Um
And
um I think there was like an emotionality to that that was happening because we actually rewatched like the last two seasons of The West Wing every four years during election time because I feel better because watching actual elections is just
stressful shit. Well like watching the West Wing version of it is so like
because Vinick who's like the like I'm a democrat, my husband is an independent, who voted democrat for the first time this year, but like,
last time you voted for um like the libertarian party, right? So he's
very he doesn't really, he does what he wants. Uh
Well, what what he said was he said that this was not a difference of degree, but a difference of kind this election, right? Like it was not, it was no longer like how much a republican or how much of a democrat they feel like, or really even policies so much as he felt that our current president was dangerous or livelihood um like literally living anyway. So,
but like the the last two seasons of the West Wing, they had Vinik who was Alan Alda, did you watch the listening at all for Alan Alda plays Republican um who is running against um uh jimmy smits, the guy who plays jimmy smits, whatever his name is, he's a democrat who's coming in now. In theory you're cheering for the democrat because um uh it's been eight years of a Democratic president, you know, all the characters that you really love really wants this guy to win, but they run this really moderate, intelligent, capable republicans who is not like he's not like a bad guy, they don't pass him as a bad guy and the whole thing is done in this very great area of. Neither one of these people is perfect, but neither one of these people is really awful and they both genuinely want what's best for the american people, they just disagree on it on what's best, right? So watching this is sort of like like an anise Emma to like what's actually happening at right, which is everybody screaming at each other and being awful and accusing everyone of being just like the scum of the earth and any democrat is like a socialist Marxist nutjob and every republican wants to like like stamp a bible to your forehead like it's like this very like almost idealistic version of what politics should be in this country but are no longer and really never really quite were I guess so it's just like cathartic thing that we do that makes us happy. So I think this year they did the special thing as a fundraiser for the for joe biden obviously and my husband really just like it's just a little like we just wanted, we needed it even more. I think he needed that like sense of rightness and like almost like peace or like ideal version of what we wish we were, kind of, if that makes sense at all.
it was it was a rough year man. It's still right here. Yeah.
I
mean we are we are fully quarantined anyway.
I live in Cleveland. Uh yeah.
Oh highlight Pittsburgh
my
for concerts.
Oh wow, you're
like
please.
The
room which is
to uncover
entry, which is the name of that
room.
So yeah, so that's right. Kind of close to where like the university district is with the police university and a bunch of other stuff. We used to live on that corner of the street when we first moved here. We cannot lead for my husband's law school 17 years ago. I'm old
on
yeah, like the garage shop. The garage, yeah, um not abuse in ballroom, but the garage shop is right on Coventry. And we lived right on the corner of Coventry and the main road, that was, that one was closer to. So come to the Mayfield, we lived in that corner building Um for like four years, so uh
from
they did,
Well
what's
really sad is that Chipotle opened up and then shut down this amazing place. That was basically a Chipotle but was hand run and had way better meat called cattle, which was just like burritos or nachos and it was phenomenal and business and it was so sad.
it was really sad actually because
20 years, yeah, but they did almost the exact same thing that Chipotle did. Um But you know, it's like mostly college students get up there because they can catch the tram picking up the Mayfield and so like college students are like, oh, I mean it's fully because they're not going to look at like what's what's here, that's not like what's this k tall, it's easier to just go with what you know sometimes I think. All right.
I mean I had to close 10 years ago.
Yeah it was good. They was really fun to eat there because you could watch them put the meat on the girl that was like a big fire uh was very lots of sizzling sounds because it wasn't like it's like deep. So you were always pretty close to where they were cooking the food. That would make really good sizzle sounds the whole time. Yeah it was I mean it was an okay place to live and then we're in Shaker now which is um
we're a trigger, it's the whole thing being Shaker. Um We're here for the schools so um although so we came here two years ago so my thanks to two years of like you know how middle school and he was supposed to wear at high school here this year. But they were being so weird, we end up putting them in online high school serving. They were, their plan originally was have all the kids to each class for only one semester which works fine unless you're doing super advanced mathematics and you're trying to end up doing your ap spanish like for four months in spanish is not going to help you retain it. My son is good at math but he is not like he's not a genius level at math, so he's already doing two years ahead, he's already doing the advanced, he there's just he would not have been able to get an A. And he wouldn't have retained it very well for next year if you had to do it all in four months, like that's just not like that's not how his brain works. So. And then they were doing all these weird things and then they changed it like five times. So we ended up just putting them in online school for the year. Uh, which means that we're paying really high taxes now and school tuition. Yeah, it was an interesting move. It was supposed to be this like really smart move, so we didn't end up paying for private school tuition. But uh, you know, here for everybody, I guess you should be grateful that we can pay for the online tuition. It's no, I'm gonna, I don't know. It's been a weird year for everybody. I don't know anyone who has had a good year. Like literally nobody maybe, but Jeff Bezos. No, I haven't. Right,
You look stupid. Good. But I also feel like he's also come out as clearly insane this year. So like financially Yes. You know, rockets? Yeah. Space um like child naming skills, like review wise, he's definitely coming across more and more crazy. Uh yeah, I think that's I
I mean
there's some,
I mean there's definitely a famous quote that like the only difference between crazy and genius is success, right? So I mean, I guess right now he's definitely genius and then once he's less successful, he'll be crazy. Um which is, you know, fairer and most innovation requires like um, I guess a certain willing to thwart over like to just sort expectations maybe. Right? I don't know, I don't need a Tesla, I'm pretty sure it gets stolen. Oh.
Oh yeah, we're driver. Well, still still so far the time. Yeah,
we live a little too close to Cleveland proper so people will come in because you can walk into our neighborhood and then walk back out. Uh A friend of mine had their catalytic converters stolen out of their car because you know you're not driving it every day. She would ask that and getting it towed and they're like you no longer have a catalytic converter. Someone clearly took it. I don't even know you take something out of an instance. You might need like that cleanly.
but then they claimed it back shut again. Right? So
our garage is old right? So it's not attached to the house because it's freaking
shaker
which is annoying. Um And so it's so small that we, while theory you should be able to park two cars in it. You can't actually park two cars and open the driver's side door. So what our lives like next to the garage? One car in the garage. Um And we try.
like
Oh yeah well and the garage is not that old. We think the garages forties but that is still pretty old and it's definitely not for didn't even drive big cars have like a forester and my husband has a what's the Toyota? The Toyota rav rav four
you can't like they're almost touching the top of the thing. These aren't even like yeah it's not they don't quite fit. It's okay. Do you still live in the Pittsburgh area or did you go
have in Brooklyn? Okay. How's that working out for you? New york's having great numbers the city there
Is it going up now because it was looking really good
for the last little bit?
when you guys looked really good over the summer.
Not
I mean I would say percentage wise you guys are destroying Cleveland are percentage so I can break that. Yeah, because I mean we're at like, So Cleveland proper, is that like 1200 cases? Right. Which doesn't sound as many except that Cleveland proper only has like even if you count like the closest big suburbs, only 300,000 people compared to New York which is what like eight million.
Absolutely.
And I will say Cleveland bizarrely because of the whole Cleveland clinic thing. University hospitals have so much space in our hospitals because we have like 30% of the clientele of the Cleveland clinic is actually out of state normally. Right. So many people are coming in so we have not Reach capacity at any of our hospitals except for our children's hospital at one
and
then they just converted floors. So that's sort of like our numbers and other large cities, other cities of our size, like people are like overflow into the parking lots, but we have such a large hospital system in so much space in our hospitals that we can actually shift stuff around and accommodate were successfully people, which I guess is nice. But I'd rather just people start getting coronavirus. That seems like a better a problem I guess. Or So how is Brooklyn? Do you like it? How much? Like you've been there while on? I'm curious.
No,
time. So you've seen a little bit of the change has been like Over the last 30 years. It's really been changing. But how would you say it is now compared to 10 years ago? Like one of the biggest differences.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I guess most of that makes me sad that a little, but it's okay. Like I generally like not stepping on needles like that's always like sweet. Um
I lived in a very very questionable part of ST louis briefly Wife and $200 a month rent. When you find your dollars, my friend, you step on needles between your car and your house. I guarantee it. Um But uh yeah, I mean I guess I haven't been to new york as much in the last few years, but one of my very closest friends lived in Manhattan two years ago. Uh And she is she liked it. But she actually like her now husband, they got married a couple months ago on a roof in new york with a june wedding. Very funny. Uh
It was a zoo wedding. Well they were together for everyone watched five.
um So everyone, wait, when was that? Um March april May june july. Yeah. Yeah. So her husband is a doctor and he's actually like doing his fellowship. MD PhD. But like he sent her out of the city right before things got really bad at the end of March. So she left and went to Utah and then came back in june when things in Utah started getting really bad. But new york is basically like look at how awesome we are, we have totally killed it now. Um And so she sort of magically just keeps going wherever the coronavirus is not, but now it's a little less a little less doable because he was going to be in the hospital every day and he was like gonna get bad. So she left, she teaches on anyway, she's professional villas. That's
nuclear. Er Why do you
think? Or when did he switch from violin to viola?
No
more
money
to
help.
And
thank
you.
So
Family
has bad lines.
Wait so you were old enough to make a choice then?
That's legit. Uh my husband is from Taiwan. My son plays the Children. He started when he was three I picked.
Oh she was okay.
Yeah. Well so was he china immigrant to Taiwan or china immigrate to us?
Yeah.
They
are killing.
It's
the only way.
That's
all.
Well
I mean technically blocked off the island that their protocols are perfect. They're tracing is perfect. I mean a lot of Asia, what was it that they like? 10 years ago
there was some major stars like they learned how to do like contact tracing for stars. And so they had all of these like protocols and plans for what to do. And then they like in Taiwan is an island so they're just like slam down the water. Yeah. Although so the one thing that I've been watching this last over the year, which when I say it's a bad year for everyone. I've been watching Hong kong lose absolutely every freedom that existed. I know if you're paying all attention, No one's paying attention. So Taiwan Hong Kong was supposed to have like independent governments through like the 40s right to 2040. They lost everything from freedom of press to this last like two weeks ago. Um they passed the thing saying that no one in the Hong kong's government could speak out against the chinese party and then they pass that and immediately fired two people and then everyone else quit basically to the in solidarity said that there's no longer a separate government. So basically Hong kong was a democracy, that was like a separate government one country. and now it no longer has a separate government. There was huge protests that the coronavirus shut down. And if anyone remembers the protest from like february but china essentially did what they said, they would never do totally conquered Hong kong and it no longer exists in china is so anti Taiwan and so sure that the other Taiwan and since no one has stepped up and stop them from doing this to Hong kong, it really worries me what's going to happen in 20 years to Taiwan because who's going to stop them? Because we've always said we would stop them, but when we actually stop them, do we really have the power to stop them? Are we willing to get in the nuclear work? Probably not. Uh
Yeah, take a look. It's really terrifying what happened in Hong kong over this last year um which is a bummer because like that makes me worried for Taiwan and all of my husband's family except for like like his parents are in here but even his brothers and is in Taiwan. So um and then like his 100 cousins, he's got like 100 goes, almost all of them are in Taipei. So
yeah so yeah it's um yeah it's a little like it's just I'm like existentially worried about the future because of china's choices this last year and because of the fact that no one stopped them. I mean like some politicians american like don't do that but they didn't do anything about it I guess. Mhm. Did your family, do you have still have family there? Then? Your parents have family?
I
mean
one.
So you're like young are you like so you're like in your early 20s or?
Oh your grandparents? Well I mean I have a grandmother still lives but she's 96 and that seems right, so you're did you see your mother's grandparents? Are your grandparents
are still alive? Your great grandparents are still alive?
How old is she?
so she's actually not that old. I was thinking your mother's grandparents with your great grandparents and I was like to be like 100 wow. Okay so that's not as old as I was thinking. All right, so that's what's good, Do they like it here I guess if you're not. Right.
Well yeah.
Oh that's nice.
No
that isn't it?
Oh in Connecticut actually. Really? Especially this time of year I guess it's getting a little snow here now. We have snow today.
First time.
Yeah I will say it gets real pretty in the fall, I like it there, I'm from Seattle and so I didn't really realize I liked seasons until I moved away because everything is green. All you right now. I get really kind of sad in the middle of the winter and like obviously agreed. But man paul is really pretty. It was never something that anyone cared about when I was great because there was like one trade, the neighborhoods have changed. You know, well everything
they green all the time. Even the bushes are like this are not, they're not deciduous are tiny bushes with little berries on them. Uh,
and the grass is green,
right? You don't get snow on it. Like it's just green. All your the moss is always green.
Burns are always great. Like everything is always great. Like you just, the only thing you're missing is like you don't have flowers in the winter, but like who cares? It's still drinking not too drastic. And now like spring me and something and fall means something here. I guess for me it mostly means bad allergies. I feel like I sound awful. Which is good. Well thank you so much. I'm looking at the time. This is 1:32.
Yeah. I know you read I'm loaded down. I know this much is true with the name of the
Okay. I'll check it out because I do like
series. I think that might be my like jam length. It's just always kind of what I need. I can like fit it into a space that works for my brain. But.
Well you know what I will say. I mean what is your favorite genre of like reading fiction and nonfiction? Mhm.
You have a Jonah anymore. Okay. And you said your Howell you're in your 40s. Okay so okay I'll give you a book recommend medium length. You might have read it at some point. It's called Snow Crashed has not
been made into a movie because I think
it would be very hard to cast
the main character. Uh huh.
No crash two words. It is like um like a modern science I it was written in the late 90s by Neal Stephenson. Uh
will like this. It's a
little
I'm not trying to when the currency is actually.
this is not heartfelt so much as it's just a super badass ramp of fun. Um the book is noted for a lot of interesting things. It was written in like 1992 or 93 and weirdly a lot of like it's sort of future predicted half of the Internet correctly and half of it incorrectly. But a lot of stuff like the term avatar comes from this book. Uh like tournament
reviews for the internet came from this book,
but
Neil Stephenson. Yeah,
The Snow Crash is one of his earliest books. It's so fun. It's got crazy cool characters. Um And it it was sort of it's sort of unique and enjoyable and like, yeah, this is my recommend. So if you're looking for the memory, this is what I recommend. It's
I like high fidelity. Yeah, that's like classic during peace talks. Like, oh, although I think they did a redo TVs.
money Kravitz's daughter, That's what she's hot.
Okay. Well now I have to remember nick hornsby and look and see if there's
you
have
to that
movie.
What I'm like, I'm like, like there's so many things that like are just the stimulus, like the slow on the outside of like what I pay enough attention to my watches, everything, but like he watches everything. Double speed or quadruple speed with the subtitles are so he can and then he like stops to watch. Um he'll slow down for like action scenes. I love him very much, but he's a big guy. Yeah. So there's things that like I'm reading or doing something in the same room and he's watching it and so I'm like, oh yeah, okay. And then I'm like back to whatever I'm doing well. It was nice to me too.
Here's Cross Man, January 20. I have hope. Alright.
I'll see you around. Well,
probably not, but by