SPEAKER_L: Okay, Mark Oh, I mean Oh right, actually. Oh Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Hello,
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I am okay, how about yourself? My name is William.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Carisa, nice to meet you. I'm doing well.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Were you talking from
SPEAKER_R: Um I am in indiana. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Cool, just outside of Pittsburgh?
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I have a friend who lives in Lafayette indiana, I've never been, but Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not very familiar with the area. I moved here for school about a year ago, so I'm originally from the East Coast. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I spent uh spent some time in north Carolina on the East coast uh
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: and florida, I'm originally from Mississippi, but there's not so much there, you know?
SPEAKER_R: that sounds about how to style it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How's the weather in indiana
SPEAKER_R: Um It's been weird, so today it's a little
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: bit cold, but the past few days were like 80, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, kind of similar here, Yeah, I'm not really in the cold weather, but I'll
SPEAKER_R: an hour
SPEAKER_L: survive,
SPEAKER_R: you can do without it. Yeah, the last couple winters I guess have been pretty mild for around here, but I'm thinking maybe this winter won't be because it's like starting to get cold already. So,
SPEAKER_L: All right, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: so what do you do in Pittsburgh?
SPEAKER_L: uh I've only been here Like four or 5 days, so still kind of trying to find something, I've got sort of a customer service text sort of background. Um I you still work for one of the contractors? Apple uses, That was interesting. Um Yeah, what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Um, I am a grad student, so I study
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: uh sleep stress and memory. Um and I teach, I guess,
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty neat actually, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Sleep is definitely a complicated subject. Sure. Cool.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Um and people are not very good at it, it seems are prioritizing it anyway.
SPEAKER_L: I am probably one of them. I've been in china. I don't I've been trying to wake up But by like 830 roughly without you know like napping during the day. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: naps are good for you though. Just You want to keep them either 20 minutes or less or 90 minutes
SPEAKER_L: hide that.
SPEAKER_R: because of the way that sleep cycles go.
SPEAKER_L: I have heard that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So if you do like in between then when you wake up, you'll feel worse
SPEAKER_L: order.
SPEAKER_R: because you'll be all groggy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I will remember that. Uh huh. Oh
SPEAKER_R: What have
SPEAKER_L: if possible.
SPEAKER_R: you done any studies like this before?
SPEAKER_L: No I've been on, did you find this through prolific? I guess I've only been doing it like six weeks actually. It's pretty cool though. Um Little easy way to make a few bucks and some of some of the studies are super weird but
SPEAKER_R: Back.
SPEAKER_L: kind of cool. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I signed up for,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if it was through the same lab, but I signed up for like a similar study to this once before, but the person I was supposed to chat with like didn't show up or whatever. Um so I didn't actually talk to anybody. So this is the first time that I've signed up and actually spoken to someone.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's kind of cool. Um Right I figure out what the name, but I remember a few years ago when like chatroulette and I think omega we really did. But stuff like that is always a little risky because there's a lot of weird people on the internet. Uh Yeah. Uh um Yeah, you
SPEAKER_R: Oh,
SPEAKER_L: hear a sports fan? I'm not really, but I like basketball. I know indiana's big on basketball
SPEAKER_R: I like baseball. I
SPEAKER_L: Britain's.
SPEAKER_R: like going to Red Sox boom when I'm like back home. Um I don't really watch football. My boyfriend tries to explain it to me. I just don't really understand that there's I feel like there's a lot of rules in football and baseball, it's like you're on the basis, it's pretty simple. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think, I think they say like there's only like 10 minutes of actual football and like a four hour game, which is kind of yeah, basketball.
SPEAKER_R: woman, I agree seasons when it's cold and I don't wanna be outside in the cold. So.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, I am. Mhm. I definitely, I know it'll be like next year before, like if even next year before we can like go to gains and concerts and stuff, but definitely looking forward to that. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: I went to a couple of concerts last year and I obviously wanted to go to some this year and then it didn't happen so. Yeah. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. I think uh I think I've read like things will kind of be back to normal next year, but not completely, but you know, as long as everything's eventually okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So it's
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: interesting because so because of everything that's going on, like I'm working remotely which is fine. I have no issues with that. Um But it has changed my research a little bit because any of my studies where we're studying stress, we have to take saliva samples. Um And so obviously nobody is blood we collect bit when there is a global epidemic going on. Um We just can't really do like any of that research or there's a couple of people in my lab who do like E. G. Studies but it involves being pretty close to someone's face to like put the electron. So we can't really do any of that stuff. We can just kind of do online research right now. So wow.
SPEAKER_L: It's pretty wild and all the like
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: like there's all the obvious things that you know the pandemics affecting but there's all the little things that No one really thinks about.
SPEAKER_R: what sometimes I tried about like what it would be like to be a kid right now. obviously things are like really different for kids. I have three I have five siblings but three of them are like under the age of six. Um
SPEAKER_L: Company.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah my parents are crazy. So I like you guys think about like what it's like for them like going to school and people are wearing masks and I don't know like you can't play with your friends because we are not supposed to be going into other people's households and we're not really going to the playground because they're not open. I would probably be really bored if I was a little kid. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I remember when lockdown started I read like some article or something that was like maybe the sole fixed the huge polarization going on in America. That's obviously not
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Yeah. I don't really know if anything could really fix that but maybe things will change slightly in a few weeks not to get too much into that. It's hopefully things will change if you know what I'm you know. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Something's gotta give.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm not really wild about either of them but I think one is much much worse if you know what I mean.
SPEAKER_R: for sure. Um
SPEAKER_L: same thing with the vice presidential candidates have been much worse.
SPEAKER_R: we very much enjoyed that debate.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I I didn't think um did you see SNl there there wasn't that great, they didn't really need jim Carey in that one but my Rudolph is great. Obviously
SPEAKER_R: We did not see it. I'll have to look it up after.
SPEAKER_L: I like tim Carey but he doesn't really look that much joe biden to me but he does pretty good I think.
SPEAKER_R: On I don't know. I did see on facebook one day there was an ad for biden's campaign and it was him, his wife and their dog and it was like vote for joe biden so that chant can be in the White House and I was like, this is a great marketing scheme
SPEAKER_L: The.
SPEAKER_R: because I don't really care for you. But now I want to be the first dog in the White House is not the first dog, but like you know like first lady first off. Yeah. No,
SPEAKER_L: I am last go around actually met Jill to was
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: perfectly polite you know? Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think I think I think Warren was my go around, I didn't get to vote in the primary but Bernie was fine age, you know Bernie super is even older than joe which is kind of a factor and my preferences
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like Bernie, I like Warren as well
SPEAKER_L: I really
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: like who did not mean to cut you off?
SPEAKER_R: well that's that,
SPEAKER_L: I like Julian Castro quite a bit. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think I know a lot about that individual, Let me
SPEAKER_L: anywhere.
SPEAKER_R: later.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I definitely do prefer a younger candidate, he's only Like late 40s. uh I used to be in the military and he used to be mayor of san Antonio and I was briefly stationed man, I think san Antonio is a pretty cool city of texas is kind of whatever san Antonio was cool. Yeah. Stop. But really just about any democrat, I would have had a very hard time voting for Bloomberg, but I may have been able to
SPEAKER_R: Why? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay,
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: mm. Right.
SPEAKER_R: uh I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: just don't understand how anybody is voting for trump at this point. I mean they're entitled to that but sense to me like I feel like there's a lot of just cognitive dissonance involved in that decision.
SPEAKER_L: the thing I'd never will never be able to understand, it's like if you were like governor of Alabama or something, I would kind of get it, but he's like a celebrity from new york city. Like I don't I don't really believe that man has ever read the bible in his life, so I don't really get how the Iran juggles go so hard for him, but I am relatively confident he will not win.
SPEAKER_R: I'm really hoping
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because I definitely thought he was going to lose last time. Even though like I guess they say looking back on it, the polls did get tighter towards the end mm I
SPEAKER_R: on the night
SPEAKER_L: live in
SPEAKER_R: I'm wondering if even if he does lose how all of that is going to go down.
SPEAKER_L: it's gonna need like if it's tight, that's not gonna be good.
SPEAKER_R: mm I'm also really hoping that Barrett doesn't get this nomination. Mhm. She
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: can't believe that she doesn't answer a single question, she was like, well I would have to, you know, consult with this person. It's like no to read the constitution and know that that power is not granted to the president and the constitution. That's a
SPEAKER_L: Nothing is nothing like that is going to change in the next few weeks. But
SPEAKER_R: I just Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: I think Susan Collins said she wouldn't about lisa murkowski kind of waffle a little bit. A lot of people thought mitt Romney would vote against but he said he would more than likely vote for I think I and I hate that like mitt Romney plays that sometimes I'll do the right thing card.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: But anyways um have you seen any good films lately? Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wanted washing this weird show on netflix into the lake. I think it's about, it's about an epidemic that is like crazy. It's not very
SPEAKER_L: Sounds
SPEAKER_R: good so far.
SPEAKER_L: a little familiar. I don't think that. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: I love you.
SPEAKER_L: uh, and then working my way through Cray's Anatomy for about three years now. Um, you ever heard of Community? It's sort of, it's not really like The Office, but like kind of similar thing. A pretty funny.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Um, I think netflix might have had like a new movie or something I wanted to watch, but I can't really remember. They um, have you ever heard of the book? Hillbilly Elegy Elegy? I think it's called. Um, yeah, so it's a memoir and it's about this dude who sort of, I think he grew up in west Virginia. Not really sure, but basically did like pretty well for himself that he would like combat the, where he grew up. And it's just basically about like sort of the Appalachian region. It's like had
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: a really hard time Basically ever since the 80s. But the whole thing is like, I think this whole thesis is like people just need to work harder and but anyways, netflix did the adaptation. Um and the trailer came out. It's got some Oscar buzz. It's amy Adams of course, but it might just be one of those things I watch just to see if it's and he good. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I really enjoy going to the movie is, but that's not something I'm really doing right now just because it doesn't seem like the best choice.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I I have done a pretty good job of not doing things, you know. Yeah. Done really well. I started wearing my last like in March so and as far as I know they haven't have a cold right now. I think that I've been sneezing a lot and I read that doesn't happen with Covid so hopefully. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Mhm Yeah, people don't hear pretty good about wearing masks,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: but it's like mandated everywhere. Um Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: in um
SPEAKER_R: The model.
SPEAKER_L: back in Mississippi they didn't do a statewide, they only
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: did for like the biggest however many counties, but then they recently let it expire and I really don't like the governor back home. But that's just a different story. And the weird thing was, I don't know if you're like a huge politics nerd, but back in the primary, there was this perfectly conservative, reasonably likable guys, like chief justice of the Mississippi Supreme Court, like no reason not to vote for this dude, but instead the lieutenant governor, it's like way younger and just as shrimpy murdered, he somehow got the nomination and then his opponent in the primary was the Mississippi attorney general Who is probably like 1% left of center, like not even some bleeding heart. He barely lost. Which I know, I think indiana there governor, their governor elections up this year, I believe. I'm pretty sure it's a Republican to all men not too familiar with the race.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not for me, but I am pretty excited to vote in indiana this year because
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: previously I was voting in Rhode island and
SPEAKER_L: My last
SPEAKER_R: only it's a blue state and I typically blue but it's still kind of felt like, okay well my vote doesn't matter because one we have like two electoral votes and that we're going to go blue anyway and here I'm like oh we're like a swing state and my vote actually counts. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: That's I got to vote from North Carolina in 2016. Of course,
SPEAKER_R: Big
SPEAKER_L: I thought it was going to go blue, but it was still cool too. You know? Um, I'm pretty sure I would get out of the Electoral College. Yeah. Or
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: would.
SPEAKER_L: least I'm pretty sure I would get rid of the Electoral College. Or at least you know how like Maine and Nebraska split it up by like who wins each gesture? That would be interested. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah, I think that everybody's vote should just count as
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: vote. Um People are like well then California and new york would determine the election like no then the majority of the country individual humans, which is who is voting would determine the election, which in my opinion is what should happen. So I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: don't have any Oh all right.
SPEAKER_L: I I guarantee you if I don't think of Republican would ever win the popular vote and lose the Electoral college, but as soon as that happened, you would probably see some of them, yeah, change their minds on that issue.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, it's never done with any favors. So I got
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: a George bush and so I think it's time that we got, but mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I think it will probably happen maybe like 20 years from now wow is excellent. That was kind of the same thing. Like hopefully we'll see a lot of things. 20 years from now. Like it would be great. That was five years from now. Yeah, that's um kind of why I liked wore and more than burning because I felt like her Medicare for all plan, it was a little more developed because like I totally agree with getting rid of private health insurance. You're just gonna have to be really careful how you do it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think a lot of people also don't realize they're like, well, I don't want to pay for other people's health care. Like, well, you already do slash um somebody who is for all of the uninsured people that go to the hospital, you do in mark ups of literally everything and it doesn't really cost $10,000 to fix a broken arm. Crazy bear with me here. Like nobody wants to hear it right, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I am a few years ago you know how they leave the open enrollment thing like every ball or something? I did that in florida but I worked for a company that was out of new york city and I was specifically doing, I think it was Medicare advantage And if you lived in like Manhattan or Brooklyn, I think they had like an amazing plan. What was like, you want to go see the doctor, $5 You need an X. Ray, you know, stuff like that and that. It would be amazing. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have any sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: that's right. I uh I think back in the military, like every month would get like basically this is how much we paid you and this is what we took out and they would take out like 20 bucks a month that it's called tricare in the military and it's not perfect. But it is completely free and that's pretty good and it's not super slow. Mm hmm. So I think that is possible. Yeah. Just certain people have attitudes in this country that aren't in their best interests,
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's also confusing because so many people who are like working class or poor are
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: like, no, we must defend these tax breaks for the rich because someday I'm going to be rich and I'm like that possibility is a lie, go read some empirical studies and it barely ever happens in this country. So just stop fighting for things that hurt you doesn't make any sense. Yes, Bye.
SPEAKER_L: They, I think they say like, I don't know for a huge chunk of people, we could like easily be three months away from being homeless, but you're not going to be a billionaire in three months, you know? Yeah. I don't even like hate billionaires. I just, I think we need a decent wealth tax.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, I also think about it like these people who have form of money, but they couldn't even possibly spend it if you did any other item in the world in that massive quantity to the point that you could never possibly use it. Um we probably be diagnosed with a mental health disorder and like people would come help you, but according money is just considered a completely normal thing and that's kind of a strange concept in and of itself, so
SPEAKER_L: No. Uh huh. Yeah, I remember sometimes they were talking about how Bezos wanted to buy the Seattle Seahawks and someone did the math and they were like, he could buy every football team and pretty sure still be like the richest stewed in the world, which
SPEAKER_R: it's cool.
SPEAKER_L: is insane. Um
SPEAKER_R: mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um I think we're at 25 minutes now, this is actually pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I wish you well in your studies,
SPEAKER_R: Good luck in Pittsburgh. I hope we'll find a lot of exciting things there and that you like it better than Mississippi.
SPEAKER_L: So far I do um it's kind of like a mountain area, which is really pretty and there's like a ton of colors on the trees, so. Yeah. Yeah. I hope uh I hope you have an excellent rest of your day.
SPEAKER_R: He was. Well,
SPEAKER_L: Take care.
SPEAKER_R: you too. Bye.