Okay, Mark Oh, I mean Oh right, actually. Oh Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Hello,
I am okay, how about yourself? My name is William.
Cool. Were you talking from
Cool, just outside of Pittsburgh?
I have a friend who lives in Lafayette indiana, I've never been, but Uh huh.
I spent uh spent some time in north Carolina on the East coast uh
and florida, I'm originally from Mississippi, but there's not so much there, you know?
How's the weather in indiana
and
Yeah, kind of similar here, Yeah, I'm not really in the cold weather, but I'll
survive,
All right, I don't know.
uh I've only been here Like four or 5 days, so still kind of trying to find something, I've got sort of a customer service text sort of background. Um I you still work for one of the contractors? Apple uses, That was interesting. Um Yeah, what do you do?
No.
that's pretty neat actually, yeah.
Sleep is definitely a complicated subject. Sure. Cool.
I am probably one of them. I've been in china. I don't I've been trying to wake up But by like 830 roughly without you know like napping during the day. Uh huh.
hide that.
I have heard that
order.
Yeah, I will remember that. Uh huh. Oh
if possible.
No I've been on, did you find this through prolific? I guess I've only been doing it like six weeks actually. It's pretty cool though. Um Little easy way to make a few bucks and some of some of the studies are super weird but
kind of cool. Mhm.
It's
Yeah, it's kind of cool. Um Right I figure out what the name, but I remember a few years ago when like chatroulette and I think omega we really did. But stuff like that is always a little risky because there's a lot of weird people on the internet. Uh Yeah. Uh um Yeah, you
hear a sports fan? I'm not really, but I like basketball. I know indiana's big on basketball
Britain's.
Yeah, I think, I think they say like there's only like 10 minutes of actual football and like a four hour game, which is kind of yeah, basketball.
Right. Yeah, I am. Mhm. I definitely, I know it'll be like next year before, like if even next year before we can like go to gains and concerts and stuff, but definitely looking forward to that. Oh,
Yeah.
Cool. I think uh I think I've read like things will kind of be back to normal next year, but not completely, but you know, as long as everything's eventually okay. Yeah.
Thanks.
It's pretty wild and all the like
like there's all the obvious things that you know the pandemics affecting but there's all the little things that No one really thinks about.
Company.
I remember when lockdown started I read like some article or something that was like maybe the sole fixed the huge polarization going on in America. That's obviously not
All right. Yeah. I don't really know if anything could really fix that but maybe things will change slightly in a few weeks not to get too much into that. It's hopefully things will change if you know what I'm you know. Okay.
Yeah. I'm not really wild about either of them but I think one is much much worse if you know what I mean.
same thing with the vice presidential candidates have been much worse.
Yeah I I didn't think um did you see SNl there there wasn't that great, they didn't really need jim Carey in that one but my Rudolph is great. Obviously
I like tim Carey but he doesn't really look that much joe biden to me but he does pretty good I think.
The.
I am last go around actually met Jill to was
perfectly polite you know? Um
I think I think I think Warren was my go around, I didn't get to vote in the primary but Bernie was fine age, you know Bernie super is even older than joe which is kind of a factor and my preferences
I really
like who did not mean to cut you off?
I like Julian Castro quite a bit. Yeah.
anywhere.
Uh I definitely do prefer a younger candidate, he's only Like late 40s. uh I used to be in the military and he used to be mayor of san Antonio and I was briefly stationed man, I think san Antonio is a pretty cool city of texas is kind of whatever san Antonio was cool. Yeah. Stop. But really just about any democrat, I would have had a very hard time voting for Bloomberg, but I may have been able to
Okay,
mm. Right.
Yeah.
the thing I'd never will never be able to understand, it's like if you were like governor of Alabama or something, I would kind of get it, but he's like a celebrity from new york city. Like I don't I don't really believe that man has ever read the bible in his life, so I don't really get how the Iran juggles go so hard for him, but I am relatively confident he will not win.
Yeah, because I definitely thought he was going to lose last time. Even though like I guess they say looking back on it, the polls did get tighter towards the end mm I
live in
it's gonna need like if it's tight, that's not gonna be good.
Yeah.
Nothing is nothing like that is going to change in the next few weeks. But
I um
I think Susan Collins said she wouldn't about lisa murkowski kind of waffle a little bit. A lot of people thought mitt Romney would vote against but he said he would more than likely vote for I think I and I hate that like mitt Romney plays that sometimes I'll do the right thing card.
But anyways um have you seen any good films lately? Yeah. Yeah.
Sounds
a little familiar. I don't think that. Uh,
uh, and then working my way through Cray's Anatomy for about three years now. Um, you ever heard of Community? It's sort of, it's not really like The Office, but like kind of similar thing. A pretty funny.
Um, I think netflix might have had like a new movie or something I wanted to watch, but I can't really remember. They um, have you ever heard of the book? Hillbilly Elegy Elegy? I think it's called. Um, yeah, so it's a memoir and it's about this dude who sort of, I think he grew up in west Virginia. Not really sure, but basically did like pretty well for himself that he would like combat the, where he grew up. And it's just basically about like sort of the Appalachian region. It's like had
a really hard time Basically ever since the 80s. But the whole thing is like, I think this whole thesis is like people just need to work harder and but anyways, netflix did the adaptation. Um and the trailer came out. It's got some Oscar buzz. It's amy Adams of course, but it might just be one of those things I watch just to see if it's and he good. Uh
Right. I I have done a pretty good job of not doing things, you know. Yeah. Done really well. I started wearing my last like in March so and as far as I know they haven't have a cold right now. I think that I've been sneezing a lot and I read that doesn't happen with Covid so hopefully. Um Yeah.
But
in um
back in Mississippi they didn't do a statewide, they only
did for like the biggest however many counties, but then they recently let it expire and I really don't like the governor back home. But that's just a different story. And the weird thing was, I don't know if you're like a huge politics nerd, but back in the primary, there was this perfectly conservative, reasonably likable guys, like chief justice of the Mississippi Supreme Court, like no reason not to vote for this dude, but instead the lieutenant governor, it's like way younger and just as shrimpy murdered, he somehow got the nomination and then his opponent in the primary was the Mississippi attorney general Who is probably like 1% left of center, like not even some bleeding heart. He barely lost. Which I know, I think indiana there governor, their governor elections up this year, I believe. I'm pretty sure it's a Republican to all men not too familiar with the race.
Two.
My last
Yeah.
That's I got to vote from North Carolina in 2016. Of course,
I thought it was going to go blue, but it was still cool too. You know? Um, I'm pretty sure I would get out of the Electoral College. Yeah. Or
at
least I'm pretty sure I would get rid of the Electoral College. Or at least you know how like Maine and Nebraska split it up by like who wins each gesture? That would be interested. Yeah.
What?
All
I I guarantee you if I don't think of Republican would ever win the popular vote and lose the Electoral college, but as soon as that happened, you would probably see some of them, yeah, change their minds on that issue.
What?
I think it will probably happen maybe like 20 years from now wow is excellent. That was kind of the same thing. Like hopefully we'll see a lot of things. 20 years from now. Like it would be great. That was five years from now. Yeah, that's um kind of why I liked wore and more than burning because I felt like her Medicare for all plan, it was a little more developed because like I totally agree with getting rid of private health insurance. You're just gonna have to be really careful how you do it. Yeah.
Yeah. I am a few years ago you know how they leave the open enrollment thing like every ball or something? I did that in florida but I worked for a company that was out of new york city and I was specifically doing, I think it was Medicare advantage And if you lived in like Manhattan or Brooklyn, I think they had like an amazing plan. What was like, you want to go see the doctor, $5 You need an X. Ray, you know, stuff like that and that. It would be amazing. Yeah. Yeah,
that's right. I uh I think back in the military, like every month would get like basically this is how much we paid you and this is what we took out and they would take out like 20 bucks a month that it's called tricare in the military and it's not perfect. But it is completely free and that's pretty good and it's not super slow. Mm hmm. So I think that is possible. Yeah. Just certain people have attitudes in this country that aren't in their best interests,
so.
They, I think they say like, I don't know for a huge chunk of people, we could like easily be three months away from being homeless, but you're not going to be a billionaire in three months, you know? Yeah. I don't even like hate billionaires. I just, I think we need a decent wealth tax.
No. Uh huh. Yeah, I remember sometimes they were talking about how Bezos wanted to buy the Seattle Seahawks and someone did the math and they were like, he could buy every football team and pretty sure still be like the richest stewed in the world, which
is insane. Um
Yeah. Um I think we're at 25 minutes now, this is actually pretty cool.
Yeah, I wish you well in your studies,
So far I do um it's kind of like a mountain area, which is really pretty and there's like a ton of colors on the trees, so. Yeah. Yeah. I hope uh I hope you have an excellent rest of your day.
Take care.