Hi, how are you?
I'm Carisa, nice to meet you. I'm doing well.
Um I am in indiana. How about yourself?
Thanks.
I'm not very familiar with the area. I moved here for school about a year ago, so I'm originally from the East Coast. Mhm.
Thanks.
that sounds about how to style it. Yeah.
Um It's been weird, so today it's a little
bit cold, but the past few days were like 80, so
an hour
you can do without it. Yeah, the last couple winters I guess have been pretty mild for around here, but I'm thinking maybe this winter won't be because it's like starting to get cold already. So,
so what do you do in Pittsburgh?
Um, I am a grad student, so I study
uh sleep stress and memory. Um and I teach, I guess,
Oh,
definitely. Um and people are not very good at it, it seems are prioritizing it anyway.
naps are good for you though. Just You want to keep them either 20 minutes or less or 90 minutes
because of the way that sleep cycles go.
Yeah. So if you do like in between then when you wake up, you'll feel worse
because you'll be all groggy.
What have
you done any studies like this before?
Back.
I signed up for,
I don't know if it was through the same lab, but I signed up for like a similar study to this once before, but the person I was supposed to chat with like didn't show up or whatever. Um so I didn't actually talk to anybody. So this is the first time that I've signed up and actually spoken to someone.
Oh,
I like baseball. I
like going to Red Sox boom when I'm like back home. Um I don't really watch football. My boyfriend tries to explain it to me. I just don't really understand that there's I feel like there's a lot of rules in football and baseball, it's like you're on the basis, it's pretty simple. Oh
woman, I agree seasons when it's cold and I don't wanna be outside in the cold. So.
I went to a couple of concerts last year and I obviously wanted to go to some this year and then it didn't happen so. Yeah. Oh.
Uh huh.
Yeah. So it's
interesting because so because of everything that's going on, like I'm working remotely which is fine. I have no issues with that. Um But it has changed my research a little bit because any of my studies where we're studying stress, we have to take saliva samples. Um And so obviously nobody is blood we collect bit when there is a global epidemic going on. Um We just can't really do like any of that research or there's a couple of people in my lab who do like E. G. Studies but it involves being pretty close to someone's face to like put the electron. So we can't really do any of that stuff. We can just kind of do online research right now. So wow.
But
what sometimes I tried about like what it would be like to be a kid right now. obviously things are like really different for kids. I have three I have five siblings but three of them are like under the age of six. Um
So yeah my parents are crazy. So I like you guys think about like what it's like for them like going to school and people are wearing masks and I don't know like you can't play with your friends because we are not supposed to be going into other people's households and we're not really going to the playground because they're not open. I would probably be really bored if I was a little kid. Yeah.
No.
definitely. Something's gotta give.
for sure. Um
we very much enjoyed that debate.
We did not see it. I'll have to look it up after.
On I don't know. I did see on facebook one day there was an ad for biden's campaign and it was him, his wife and their dog and it was like vote for joe biden so that chant can be in the White House and I was like, this is a great marketing scheme
because I don't really care for you. But now I want to be the first dog in the White House is not the first dog, but like you know like first lady first off. Yeah. No,
what?
Yeah.
Yeah, I like Bernie, I like Warren as well
and
well that's that,
I don't think I know a lot about that individual, Let me
later.
Why? Yeah,
yeah,
uh I
just don't understand how anybody is voting for trump at this point. I mean they're entitled to that but sense to me like I feel like there's a lot of just cognitive dissonance involved in that decision.
I'm really hoping
on the night
I'm wondering if even if he does lose how all of that is going to go down.
mm I'm also really hoping that Barrett doesn't get this nomination. Mhm. She
can't believe that she doesn't answer a single question, she was like, well I would have to, you know, consult with this person. It's like no to read the constitution and know that that power is not granted to the president and the constitution. That's a
I just Uh huh.
Right.
And
wanted washing this weird show on netflix into the lake. I think it's about, it's about an epidemic that is like crazy. It's not very
good so far.
I love you.
What?
And
I really enjoy going to the movie is, but that's not something I'm really doing right now just because it doesn't seem like the best choice.
Okay. Mhm Yeah, people don't hear pretty good about wearing masks,
but it's like mandated everywhere. Um Uh huh
The model.
What?
I'm not for me, but I am pretty excited to vote in indiana this year because
previously I was voting in Rhode island and
only it's a blue state and I typically blue but it's still kind of felt like, okay well my vote doesn't matter because one we have like two electoral votes and that we're going to go blue anyway and here I'm like oh we're like a swing state and my vote actually counts. Yeah.
No.
Big
you
would.
mm. Yeah, I think that everybody's vote should just count as
vote. Um People are like well then California and new york would determine the election like no then the majority of the country individual humans, which is who is voting would determine the election, which in my opinion is what should happen. So I
don't have any Oh all right.
Yeah. Well, it's never done with any favors. So I got
a George bush and so I think it's time that we got, but mhm.
I think a lot of people also don't realize they're like, well, I don't want to pay for other people's health care. Like, well, you already do slash um somebody who is for all of the uninsured people that go to the hospital, you do in mark ups of literally everything and it doesn't really cost $10,000 to fix a broken arm. Crazy bear with me here. Like nobody wants to hear it right, wow.
Yeah, I have any sometimes.
Well, it's also confusing because so many people who are like working class or poor are
like, no, we must defend these tax breaks for the rich because someday I'm going to be rich and I'm like that possibility is a lie, go read some empirical studies and it barely ever happens in this country. So just stop fighting for things that hurt you doesn't make any sense. Yes, Bye.
Yeah. Well, I also think about it like these people who have form of money, but they couldn't even possibly spend it if you did any other item in the world in that massive quantity to the point that you could never possibly use it. Um we probably be diagnosed with a mental health disorder and like people would come help you, but according money is just considered a completely normal thing and that's kind of a strange concept in and of itself, so
it's cool.
mhm
yeah, it's nice chatting with you.
Good luck in Pittsburgh. I hope we'll find a lot of exciting things there and that you like it better than Mississippi.
He was. Well,
you too. Bye.