Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Right. Uh Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm difficult. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. But wow, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Hey awesome.
Sorry about that. I was sitting here sitting here,
I have five minutes early and then just as it turned 10 o'clock my computer died. No, no nothing just cut out. I was just like no really
just try
somebody wasn't there in my time, I don't want to be late for it. I'm sorry. So I'm steven. Alrighty. So I guess we just chat for a couple minutes right?
well looks like I got back just in time as well.
So um how are you?
Yeah, I was really nervous yesterday because I was like two days ago when my original point was set up and then I sat there and sat there and sat there. I got more anxious as the time went on. Is this the right place? It was just
the gray screen and I waited for like
10
minutes and no one ever showed up. I was like, Okay. So I started today, I was just like, all right, well, I'm excited about it. I've gotten on the nerves that I'm ready to go. And I mean Me talking for 25 minutes isn't gonna be a problem. I can uh I get told I talk too much quite frequently, so I think there will be an easy $15 for us. All right. I had to hear
about
prolific.
I think my girlfriend just mentioned it yesterday, so it was like the oldest one of the original one. Um Quite a lot of effort goes into it. If I if I remember correctly to be able to pull anything out of that one. That's cool. How how does it work for you?
That's what she was saying. She was just like, there's a lot of these, like, you know, hey, here's this really complicated task when you transcribe this C. B. S transcript for us. Really great. Thanks. Here's 10 cents. So You want 10 more than here's another two stacks. You can do. This is, yeah, I'm actually new to all of these. This is my second week with prolific.
I have been, yeah, I've actually prolific is my favorite so far. It's the one that I feel is most honest and consistent. Uh you get what you pay for really with this as far as it goes. Um Whereas I've been with tried branded surveys and They had like this, you know, minimum cash out of 1000 points or whatever and I rocketed to 600 points in the first day I had it so I was like awesome, this is gonna be great, I'm going to go and make some, make some money with this. And then all of a sudden it started crashing me out of the survey or checking me out of the survey, like After 10 minutes of me doing the survey and that would be like, Oh sorry not every survey as a winner, here's five points instead of the 200 that you were supposed to give you for that. So I'm literally,
I've only gotten up to 659 now, like hacking away at it just basically getting you know, told no, but thanks, here's your consolation one point at a time instead of like I was knocking it out, I mean that was like six surveys to get to where I was the first time when I was like they didn't like that I was doing so well, so they had to hit the brakes on me real quick. Um
Pine cone was pinecone. Research is another one I've actually found to be um really good. It's not there's not a whole
lot of surveys that come from it, but each one that does, it's definitely something that's a match for me. And when I test at, I've tested out two of them, But I guess the question out of two of them and they reroute me to another one that I'm that I'm also a match for and that one I got through and each one of them pays $3 for whatever it is. I think it's like 15 minutes is the longest I've taken with any of their surveys. Um
fairly cool. It's like product reviews and stuff like that. So you get to look at something and then gave an idea of how you feel about it and what you're um
likelihood of purchasing it rather in person online or or some other method to be able to touch their products. So it's
been it's nice to feel like your opinion is worth something, like you're going to pay you for this. Okay. Well I mean I guess my data is being sold all the time. I might as well get some of the money for it anyways. Yeah.
I found that it was it's so infrequent that I doesn't really interfere with uh like the other activities of them I've only gotten
or in a couple of weeks that I've been signed up for them um You may be much more interesting to me to them than me, so that's why you're getting more hits off of a
well
thanks
this man, that's a pretty good compliment for like five minutes of knowing each other, so I'll take that awesome.
So,
I'm in Virginia. Uh Mhm.
Yourself
Yeah, yeah, I'm in Richmond, so it's like an hour north of the north Carolina border is where I'm at. That's cool. I've only passed through there.
How do you feel about staying in north Carolina right now? Like, what was that like for you?
That's
awesome. That's fantastic. You have a nice little nook in there. I don't know that. I don't think I've ever stopped in north Carolina. Have driven through it, like heading south, like going to florida or going to myrtle beach in south Carolina, but I've never actually like stopped and done anything in north Carolina. Um Been much better roads than south Carolina if you've ever gone south, that's uh that was, you can tell
they got, they got shafted on the federal funds for their highways. You don't
out of the shadows into the light. So this hat was from Harborside Health Center. It was the first dispensary and still the biggest dispensary in California when their medical marijuana laws went in. Um, I had a friend who moved from here in Virginia out to there to work for them and he got that hat when he started there and it was like this only for employees only run of it. And so it became like this collector's item and whatnot. And one of the times he was out here, he was just like, I don't need this anymore. Here had comfortable hat that I've ever had. Go figure stoners make
good pat. It's yeah, I really like it and I mean, and myself have very positive interactions with medical cannabis. So that's another reason I've had it. I've been out there a couple times and work with that. And then I did a lot of advocacy work here in Virginia. Actually coincidentally, my shirt is also a, uh, this is americans for Safe Access, which is a medical cannabis advocacy group that I worked with for a while. I did not do that on purpose. That is a total accident. But I happen to have those two on not understand any messages from anything just like crap. I need to have uh, cover my hair. I don't feel like brushing it. Well, this is my God, I need a clean shirt. That's the real quick. Yeah, they do a lot of work with them because I had a really bad health about in my 2009, I dropped about £80 in three months. And uh, just but the doctors really didn't know what to do for me and after a bunch of different tests and what a friend of mine was just actually the same guy who gave him the hat was just like, um, you're having trouble eating, you can't keep food down. I was like, yeah, like you're wasting away, yep. Through this. So, I tried that for the first time for medical purposes. I, you know, experimented what? Not for that, but for medical purposes. And I was just blown away. And my doctor's like, why were less? Like I was losing 10 to £15 a week. And then as soon as I introduced that I stopped the weight loss completely. It was an immediate immediate effect. So I was just like, all right, well, if it's basically saved my life, because they told me that the only thing they could do is quote, put me in a hospital bed and make me comfortable on my way out. So there just completely turned it around for me. So that's why
I went ahead and did the advocacy work. And I was very pleased to see how Virginia has gone with that. Um
They have pretty pretty wide open medical
laws at this point. We're
about to get our first dispensary I think at the end of this month. Uh huh. Um Any
position who sees fit can give you a recommendation for you to go, whereas it was the first only a neurologist
could give you a recommendation for this very specific
type of seizure that was mainly seen in Children and it is expanded it over and over through that. Um It's really wild actually to see how much it is expanded here. Um and how fast it it expanded once certain people were gone from a certain subcommittee was three people in a subcommittee was holding it up
and as soon as two of them lost their election, it completely flipped open and we will be able to open up the uh
experience and get into for cancer patients now, rheumatoid arthritis. Um
Just a whole whole wide
application of it. I can I
could spend all day on that alone. I'll knock it back to you again there.
I mean
it
saved my life. So I mean I have to. Yeah I mean there's that gives me kind of a strong opinion
on the matter that you know everybody should be able to access or whatever eases their suffering the most with the least amount of side effects. Uh huh.
All right. Um
Well how about traveling? You ever go anywhere? I mentioned going down to florida and whatnot. I've started out in California. I moved to Virginia with my family and then I've visited as far south as florida and as far north as Vermont. Yeah for me. Mhm.
All right okay so I'm shutting down. All right go ahead.
that's fantastic. Well thank you God. Right well um what's your mos what do you do?
And fantastic.
So you said just talking to people as though he said
that's fantastically
viral,
I mean it takes a special kind of person. So I'm glad I got I got
paired up with you. That's really cool. Um Fantastic. Do you still practice?
Fantastic? They're paying for that. Right.
All right
it's
like one of the main benefits there so we better uh Yeah I actually I applied I took my asthma I haven't got a 90 on it but I was disqualified from every branch for medical reasons I got yeah
I got uh I got a very enthusiastic calls from every branch and as soon as I would get into the actual like medical evaluation part of it, they're just like oh we'll call you back and then I just not the most enthusiastic with the marines.
Um They let me get this thought they got a lot farther actually went in and took me to do a physical and whatnot. And then they checked me afterwards and they were just like, uh huh
we'll call you back just like man, it's not a good sign when the
military
doesn't take. I figure like my brother always told me our army will take you if you have a pulse. It's just like, well that would be my fall back. You know, I'll try to go for the
marines car, Air Force because that was where my dad was. And when that failed I was like all right, fine, anybody, Coast Guard Army, anyone. And there were no takers. So um yeah, I just kind of went to college, is it? So I studied a computer drafting and design for a little while and then health problems came up and I ended up getting laid off from the company. It was at with that, I lost the certifications for the, the field that I was in and uh just kind of skipping like a stone from there. You know, staying positive every time you think that it's going to completely go under you get another little boost and keep going. So
um staying positive. Uh
I don't want to take advantage.
I
don't want to take advantage of being a psychologist. Started about dumping all that on you.
I mean
I bet, but you've heard a lot
amen to that. I am into that. And I I really look forward to this too because it's a nice way to be able to
connect. Especially in these times where it's like I find myself being extra chatty if I go to the grocery store like I was standing there and bump into like oh I'm sorry. Oh I'm sorry, how are you today? A lot of them actually are a lot more engaging. All right, fine. I thought that was really interesting that this activity, a lot of people look as a solo trip or just trying to get through really quick. People are now looking at it as an excuse
for human interaction and also isolated. It's just like okay it's reviled
talker. It's uh it's great uh find more people that I can just unload with, right?
What have you been doing to keep yourself like from feeling too cooped up
well during the pandemic.
that's awesome. Uh huh. We'll go out like in the nature or you just pray or you tend
to do that like in a home kind of staying in your in your area, your little chapel as it were.
Fantastic. I find that uh I do my best commuting or praying when I'm out I'll find like a
rushing water, creeks, rivers, coastline, things like that. Recently I went out um there was a chip in Oak
State Park I think it is. Um But it's
about an hour south from where I'm at and there's basically just uh used to be a plantation and they took it over and turn to the plantation into a visitors center
and now you can go hiking
and there's a
huge bottle deposit in that area. So I went out there and I got out probably around
10:00 AM and I spent until about four in the afternoon just backpacking
up and down this coastline that in all sorts of really cool fossils and whatnot. When I first got out there, I was like, oh my gosh, oh my gosh!
Oh my gosh, There's like taking everything, although I could find out like for a second and look up and down the beach and there's just covering every which way you look.
I was just like, okay, I probably don't need to pick up every single everyone. I can probably just wait and look for the cool
ones. I still ended up like too big plastic bags, like a grocery bag full of fossils that I came back with. But I really like doing stuff like that. I found some time to like just sit out there
and it was cold enough that there wasn't any, a lot of people out there to begin with and there's a lot of like trees that had fallen down and whatnot. That made it really hard to get through if you weren't really to really willing to, to wiggle and crawl or get wet. Then a lot of people, you know, you get a lot of the area to yourself if you're willing to do that. So I went down to an area that I found one other tracks, one another set of tracks and then I walked up
that way where those were. So it was just like, all right, nobody
has been here since you know, high tide in this area. Get out there and just listen to the wind and wash some birds fishing and um just sit in a giant, it was just the expansive bed of tiny shells and fossils mixed together. And I just got to stop that and like just contemplate everything
behind me. There was this big sheer cliff wall that had been worn off and About the 1st 9 ft of it. We're all fossils going down. So it's really cool to be able to just look at that. We see the thousands and thousands of years that were represented
in the, basically the timeline of the earth
being displayed there. Yeah,
I like going through. That's my thing. Uh in uh 2009 after I uh rebounded from that really, really bad illness, Mountain going on a mountain hike was the first thing that I really tested myself with to see how my own personal physical rehab
that I've been doing was because yeah. And doctors kind of had shrugged off as, I don't know, it wasn't until 2012 that I actually got it diagnosed of possible nerve damage, uh, my continuing issues. But they basically were like, you know, we're going to stop giving you a colonoscopy because we're not finding anything. Um If you had something, we would have found it by now. So this is probably just like we had a really really bad infection and I just have nerve damage and maybe it'll go away. Um But at this
point, you know, it's usually that happens for, you know, a couple
of months after the episode, at worst, like a year. But if you see it for longer
than a year, then it's probably going to be permanent. Uh
That's what I've got going on, so. All right, cool. At least I know now at this point. But anyways after that's your weight loss drop. Like I went out to the Shenandoah
National Park, uh
specific hiking trail called Waldo Canyon that if you ever happened to be in Virginia for for whatever reason visiting, doing some sort of nature and stuff. I highly recommend it skyline drive and it's connects to it. You can even like do a little cheap visit and go up to talk at the top and walk over to the falls. But you can just get to the top of it and be able to see over top of it. Especially in the fall months. Of
course
it is
just absolutely phenomenal. But I went out there and I got to see an owl snag a fish out of the river and like landed kind of feet away from me
in
and like chomped down on the bitch right there. It's kind of a, it was like looking me right in the eye, will head off. You know what? I'll go off. I know you do you man, I'm going now awake in the middle of the afternoon. I didn't know that was the thing. Anyway, right
by that. I thought it was really funny because there's a group of it's probably about 12 people that went on that height biggest ever went hiking with. And you came across this for nature photographer who was trying to like take a picture of that owl. Of course everybody who starts crowding around, like leave
that out, That's so
cool. And I'm like, all right, well, I walked on up to happen because I walked on, I got this to get snagged the fish land and like take their like if I'd had a camera, I could have had some really cool pictures
because they're like through its wings out, full wet wings band right up in front of me
to catch
up on the breeze to go up onto the branch ahead of me. And I got, it was like as wide as my own arms, there was this huge freaking out. I was right behind the sun. So it was like this like almost sina graph cinematic but uh, not having my memory of this.
I will flying up like that. Like you gave
me such a dirty look as he walked by me with his big old camera like yeah, sorry, I kept going like I wasn't a part of that crowd that was all around right. Um, it's an amazing hike, a really, really beautiful area. It was just perfect time of year, it had been raining really hard to the river, the waterfalls were just thundering and, and other visits. That wasn't the case like that again actually. But that year it was just,
it was just perfect. I was great and I was became like this every year I had to go back out to that place and unfortunately this year I haven't been able to make
it out,
but in the past
ash nine years I managed to go back and and hit it each and every time and just one of those prove to myself, you know, if I can come from
that make bedridden farm to be able to push all the way back to this, then, you know, there's a lot that I can overcome and try to keep that perspective,
even when things are not exactly great
all the time. Yeah. Uh yeah, that's my little, like I place my positivity place, I have one tattoo that I've ever gotten and it was of a scene from that location um that I have, and it's just like my reminder, even when I can't get out there to be able to like, just look at it really balance balance, there is balance of, you know this may be dark but it will
swing back to light eventually.
Thank
you. Well, I mean yeah it's it's laugh or cry, you know a lot of life is like that and I just found that laughing and laughing hurts less.
Yeah, might as well talk it up to it. But um yeah, any other things you want to throw out there?
White Oak
National Park
and it's in I'm sorry or White Oak is the trail and Shenandoah National Park.
Give Me 1 2nd.
S. H. E. N. A. N. D. O. Aah.
So
White Oak Canyon is the name of the actual trail And it's the White Oak Canyon and cedar run loop.
Perfect.
Uh If you happen to be there like you know if anyone ever asked you. So what's a good trail? Go hiking in Virginia now? You've got a solution to Toronto? All right. Well, I mean I think we're at 29 minutes at this point um if I don't know if you've been catching keeping track. Um
I was gonna say I'll trust your account over mine because I was scrambling at the beginning of it. So I was just kind of like judging from about 10 am. But um yeah, unless there's anything else you want to elaborate on. I'm I mean, I can talk to you for the rest of the day if you give me the time.
Well, thank you. I appreciate the compliment. All right.
Is there anything specifically we're supposed to do
that we click on or anything after this?
Perfect. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Have a good one.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Uh huh.
Mhm.
All right.
Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Cook. Mhm.
Mhm.
mm. Mhm.
Yeah. No.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Right.
mm.
Mhm. Uh huh.
Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
Uh huh.
Right.
Good.
Okay. Okay. Have a good one.