mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm mm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. There is a reminder for James. Yeah. Thank you. Google. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Right. All of us on me sometimes. Not right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Waiting, Waiting, waiting. Oh, all right.
We go, how you doing?
Who's that? Your coffee? Who
how's
your
Okay. Was it through the same? Was it through prolific? Like this one is
Yeah.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Now usually
you know, I do. Oh,
so you
vacation got extended pretty uh you can extend it. Huh.
Okay. Okay. You know
when
people
say there,
yeah, it sucks. It does. You know, I've been working from home for years um that so uh I'm kind of used to this, but it's still a night I'm in pennsylvania and our our quarantine larose are other than new york through the strictest in the nation. So it sucks basically. Everything is closed. I don't drink, but even the state stores are closed, like pennsylvania only sells um, liquor, I guess through state owned and ran stores, so they shut those down,
everything shut down, everything shut down and socks. Um,
Yeah,
it's, I'm a little outside of Pittsburgh, so it's not as bad as philadelphia, but it's still, it's horrible. The gym is closed. Um Just yeah, it's, it's, it's been, it's been bad. It has been bad. Not even, it's not been, we've had a couple infections in my county. We've had uh, a handful of maybe a dozen or two dozen deaths, but the quarantine measures have made life really difficult for everyone. Um I have girlfriend. Uh she, she she's a general manager for an auto parts store. Oliver people quit. All the people quit going up, So ended up, she's working 80 hours a week. She's open to close seven days a week. So
yeah, and my sister works at walmart. I have a twin sister, she works at walmart. That sucks. Um And my mom is, my mom is immuno compromised because she had a liver transplant.
She think medication to suppress the auto immune response. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I had a little hour glass from that for the internet connection anyway. So, yeah, it sucks. What can I say? It hasn't been fucked. Yeah, we're here.
I think it's more than 10 years, so I know, I know it's a little harder down there. You Flagstaff for
you phoenix.
So it's hot down there.
So math and
call
them. Yeah.
I went
to school from nearing.
I got
I
got a two year degree in engineering, so, um, I went as far as linear out. So I know math well enough. I get, I never did analysis or anything like that. I stopped at linear algebra, so you probably
go ahead.
well,
you know what Yeah, well, it's a little um yeah, again, I'm not um I just, like I said, I just went as far as linear algebra. So I never really I never took a math, uh took the class. I forget what the name of the particular courses, but it basically proof writing. Um You know, so, which would be I guess theoretical stuff is wicked deep. I mean, I I can handle I can handle the differential equations. I can't even handle the hair of partial different partial differential equations. Boy, I'll tell you what, you start getting into some of the deeper analysis and the theoretical lost. I don't know. I don't know. I
like
yeah, you know, I don't even remember all the so what the reasoning there's like inductive um and
there's deductive, inductive, there's like four of them. I write up on it a little bit but I was like uh you know what? No I'll just figure out engineering
problems with um different equations and call myself smart for doing that, you know? Yeah it just it starts to get wild. It does you know I only went for two years. I got uh just an associates in engineering from a community college. So I'm not like I'm not like state university or anything like that.
you
don't
my um my community college only had specifically you know what specifically they had almost no engineering courses in and of themselves introduction to engineering where you actually look into the profession and then you had like um then you have introduction, forget what the name of the courses again but its basic uh introduction to mechanical engineering. So you and the principles of the mechanical engineering, which is really no different than a physics course. And of course they have the calculus based physics um with, you know, uh for scientists and engineers that has a little couch in it. Uh But that's it. They had nothing else uh
circuit analysis, You know,
this analysis. Um We didn't have to do a lot of chemistry. Thank God. Chemistry is hard, history and hard. It really is. Um I thought I would have enjoyed it more than I did, but my um profits were um wicked. I I always got stuck with the department head. So, and you as an educator now, the department, they can make their courses as difficult as they please. They have tenure. They don't need to have a high fail rate. So she was a stone cold Nazi about lab reports. I mean, I would pour over those things for hours just to get everything right. I mean, Sig figs and everything just making sure it was right and I still always got great to move on and it was it was frustrating.
this was
Well,
the
That's two weeks I've seen. I actually had a lot of people that I went to high school with break at a camera. I I know like four people that broke it. Okay. Uh Well, that's though they all went for to be vet.
Yeah, and they all they all broke at okay. Um um I never took the course, but I did work through a text book. I didn't fight, you know, I didn't take the course, so I don't know. But the textbook didn't seem terribly bad. Um Well, I don't know. You know? So what? That's what got you out of chemical
engineering.
You
look
at work
and
now
I'm sorry I'm sorry say that again
No
I
don Diego. I had friends that were stationed in San Diego that
were navy.
Do you miss Cali
what?
yeah I mean san Diego is that I have only been to L. A. A couple of times. I never went I never went north or south of L. A. And it was a little bit, yeah most of my experience outlast is just las Vegas. I lived
up
there for years. Uh Yeah my dad worked, my dad was an operating engineer at opinions so um you know oh and my granddad was a Westinghouse civil engineer so he he worked out on the flats. Uh He also worked in Los Alamos. I didn't even know that, I didn't know that until I read his obituary. Uh Because he was all secretive.
He was because look because my grandfather and he was an air force officer during the korean war and after that you know he had a degree in engineering and he was an officer and somebody else picked him up because he ended up all over the place and all these wild and interesting places at wild in interesting times. Vietnam in the early sixties Venezuela Saudi Arabia roam Alaska for a while. Um
A rain um Germany. Uh And these are all supposedly engineering projects but we think he worked for someone else. And then so then his you know he passes away. Um And then his job it comes out and he's like he worked at Los Alamos National Laboratory and a couple other places mainly Westinghouse. But yeah. Anyway so that's how I ended up in Vegas.
Yeah I liked it there. I did ride a motorcycle year around. Um which is really nice. Um Not here in pennsylvania. Mhm. Million.
six months winter, six months of summer. No compromise. Uh You
know it's horrible. I'm not digging it so much, but this is this is where my family is. I got a twin sister, I have a son here, my parents who are elderly, disabled. So um somebody you know um has to has to take care of that. So yeah.
Uh Yeah Arizona, I got a buddy who know he lives in, he lives in Albuquerque in Albuquerque. It's cooler in New Mexico, if I understand correctly, I think not quite as hot.
Now you want 20 until you've been in 120. All right,
We're like it's a dry heat. No 120 is what 90 dry heat is, It's a dry heat, but 1 20 is 1 20 there's there's no getting around it,
Yeah. Yeah. I remember that about las Vegas because we had our, you know in july in august they have their um 1 15 to 1 20 days where it's like yeah you don't you don't go outside unless you have to you know and everything conditioning air conditioned and stuff. But on the other hand, you know winter sucks, Winter really sucks and the older I get, the less I like it because you know um okay so you got to drive in the snow and sometimes it thaws and times sometimes freezes and then your feet get wet and your socks get wet wet socks. What goes off suck that the edges of your quilts get all you know water creeps up and your feet are cold, then you gotta go and I get that you're like oh this sucks. So yeah I know. I kind of miss, I've been thinking a little bit about going back to Vegas or I don't know, something changing enough.
We
are.
Boom.
Uh huh. Uh My sister and I went to elementary school just outside of boston. Uh four years. Yeah. Worcester actually. Um And I found that the winners in pennsylvania, even though we're south of massachusetts, the winners here are worse because we're We're about 60 miles off of Lake Erie Were maybe 10 miles away from the Snow Bell where it just dumps. Like I
I stayed I stayed up in eerie for one winner and I remember going to sleep one night and there was like, I don't know, an inch of snow on the ground, something whatever. And I woke up and it was up to my belly button, shut down. We're talking 3.5 solid feet of snow.
Yeah they didn't they didn't power a street for three or four days. Yeah the northeast war easter suck. I was up in boston for more eastern and that sucked too. I'm not a fan of snow anymore. I don't like it always quack but it melts so it gets you wet. It's not fun anymore. Do you have a pool?
we had
there's
now and then everybody wants to have just gravel driveways and gravel driveways. Don't go real well. Like my parents they have like They have like a 75-foot gravel driveway so so it's either. Yeah. Yeah. Fox. Yeah. Yeah it's just the snow is for the birds. The snow is for the I guess the best you can do pretty much is that little bowl in southern California that runs from like L. A. To what Bakersfield or whatever the hell that is. And don the six egg. Oh you got that like little bowl on the west side of the sierra Nevada's. It is perfect weather but you get earthquakes. Okay. Mhm.
So
again?
so you're it's what three? Almost
four there?
Almost five. Okay
Okay. Almost eight years.
the light out
to,
no
you
know I didn't know that
I thought
uh that's pretty cool I guess. Yeah
I
read
a little bit
about that mm I'm sorry.
Okay. Does get a little bit confused
now does
it does it mess with the sunrise sunset at all like um
yep. Yeah I remember working
construction
bigots in the summer and it's like yeah you You want to quit you want to be out on the job by five And you want to be done, you want to be done at noon or 1:00 if at all possible.
Boy
we used to get caught too
caught.
Yeah. Yeah I remember being a roof a couple times in july and just being moved and yeah, that's for all it is rough. Yeah. Yeah.
Like a low of 80° or something like that. Like if
I remember. Yeah.
Work out your cooking. Yeah. Yeah. You know and if I, you know, talking to my family and my friends in Vegas, the the lateral development is the same way out there. I mean the city is expanded out laterally to where
um it's like it's like this um You know uh what 3.1499 heat island. You know that just never cools. Yeah. Uh
I guess I guess, I don't know, you just can't find perfect weather, you really can't. Maybe
it's uh I'd like to think that there is perfect. What europe, that would be nice. Not that you can find out any time soon, I don't even know if they're letting
people
with uh yeah, you know, I was looking at the stats today for corona, um This is gonna end up killing 100,000 people before it's over, you know, it's really not good, you
know that, And I was also thinking, you know what, a single terrorist Nuclear strike, a small um one stage crew weapon wouldn't have hurt us as bad as this has um with, you know, um yeah, the economic damage is
unbelievable
and what he wants you to throw him the ball.
Yeah, you know, amazon is not doing too hot right now with their deliveries. I ordered a bed friend a month ago and it's still not here. Um Dr yeah it's driving me a little while um It's supposed to be here a couple of days ago now Ebay I order off Ebay and it's here in three days because it's private, they pack it up, they ship it, but Amazon is doing the warehouse and God knows what that that probably looks like a freak show in those warehouses right now, I can only imagine, I'm glad I don't work there. Um But uh that's gonna be that's gonna be the
jobs
that are
what?
you can pick it up quicker than than that. Yeah my closest warehouse, I think it's 30 miles away. Uh we're about 30 miles from Pittsburgh, so like it's just uh yeah yeah, so they're not doing too a lot with that I guess, but I guess everybody is backed up right now, I can't buy clothes anywhere unless I want to go unless I want to wal mart clothes, which I don't, so, you know, i i it's just it's frustrating, it is frustrating,
but you know, what are you gonna do? I mean um nothing is open, the only thing that's open here is wal mart,
that's
it walmart and target, you know, and you know, in the Dollar General's, so and we have to wear a mask everywhere we go, we're not by ma were not allowed in any retail shop or anything like that without a mosque. Um So yeah,
this far away and I probably put a mask on, they steam up, so it's kind of very, you know, it's not a whole lot of fun, so yeah, Yep,
I'll tell you what, I think it's been 25 minutes,
so
I'm gonna go ahead and cut this. My name is nick
by
the way.
Um I'm sorry
Michelle. Okay well Michelle from phoenix. It was very good to talk to you.
I hope so too. Well thank you for that. Are
all right. See. Mhm. Do you know how to close this thing? Do we just close it?
There's two.
yeah the timer.
all right Michelle take it easy.