I
I'm good, how are you up? Here comes my dog anytime I talk to people, he likes to come say hi.
Yeah my dog body.
He I
just I had another virtual virtual meeting but he was sleeping through that one so now he's awake.
No that one was for work. Yeah
I am uh I'm a teacher
sorry,
seems
like it's a little a little bit delayed.
Yeah so we I'm a college math teacher and so our semester normally would end next friday. Um well with finals graduation being next Friday but we are now so we're doing online stuff so I actually worked till May 23, so two weeks longer. Um which isn't too bad but it's just been a little crazy.
How
are
how
are you handling?
Forms.
wow.
Uh huh.
Oh my gosh.
No.
I'm in Arizona so it's a it's it's and we some of us joke that it's it's starting to be the time of year where we kind of self quarantine anyway because it's been over 100 it's like 104.
it's
I posted a phoenix, Yeah, I'm gonna suburb of phoenix.
so it's not that
I
mean
math and uh
it's
it's not
it's not too
bad.
my
my undergraduate degree is actually in uh in engineering uh industrial engineering and then I got my masters in math so that I could teach, so I prefer
to be applied math to the theoretical.
The
proof writing is it's really hard.
And deductive.
What?
Yeah. No I actually, so I teach at a community college and I have actually taught engineering at our community college a few times because of my background. So yeah,
I am pretty
pretty familiar with that.
Uh huh.
kids.
I don't know. Yeah,
I liked chemistry but I think for me chemistry the like the beginning chemistry I like because it was a lot of math when I got to organic chemistry. So I at first I thought I wanted to be a chemical engineering major because my dad was a chemical engineer or did did chemical engineering is his undergraduate degree. But I I have made the mistake of taking organic chemistry like on track with all the pre med students and so they make
it too hard because they want to weed out a bunch of the students. So I was
like I don't know about this.
How interesting.
It's
uh not but it was partially that and I mean I I survived, I I got to be in the class. I just I got frustrated because I felt like I understood everything and then they throw some really weird stuff at us on the exams and I'm like, where did this come from? We never talked about this, and I think it was just to make things really difficult. I I um so I it's been a while since I
since
I
did
my
undergraduate,
it's just been a while. So at the time the chemical engineering jobs weren't all that interesting to me. Um Most of it was like working for an oil company or other things and I was like, yeah, it's kind of not what I
what I want to do. So I grew up in California and san Diego area. Um And and my my dad though he got his degree in chemical engineering, never worked as a chemical engineer, he went into the Navy and then went to grad school and worked for the Navy
as a civilian.
It's
Yeah that's where my where my parents met, where I spent I guess I've been I keep bringing another time has passed, I've been here in Arizona for almost 13 years but other than that I've spent most of my life in California. So
I do my mom still lives there so I go to visit when I can, especially
in the summer gets so hot here. What?
Was
passed?
my gosh.
Well.
interesting.
Little little cold. Mhm.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Uh huh. I have not been to New Mexico too many times I think it probably does get fairly warm but I don't know if it gets quite as quite as hot, I don't know that I ever really understood how hot it gets here until until I lived here. Um
exactly
Yeah it's pretty, it's just crazy, it's like uh yeah it's kind of one of those things where pretty much I don't go outside until after dark if I have to and then only if I have to so.
I am my sister moved to so she she wanted to get away from home for school so she went to Syracuse so she was in upstate new york, my parents are like you've lived in san Diego your whole life, are you sure you're going to cope with this though and
she
did at the time that she was there and then she ended up in boston and she lived in boston for
I don't even know how long over 10 years but she she got to the point she now lives back in San Diego because she's like I'm kind of done with winters, it's like it's nice for a while but she's like no more.
man.
that's crazy.
I like to I'd like to visit so we we would we would go on trips and as kids we visit the snow but um I don't even now uh I'd love to go to the Grand Canyon in winter to see it covered in snow but I don't want to drive through it or deal with any of the other crazy things with the roads. So I can, I can only imagine. I know my sister is like it's not really the snow that she worries about driving and it's all that it's like the ice and just dealing with like shoveling the driveway and the car gets
covered and all that
stuff.
Uh Sandy.
I was actually
pretty nice. We never really, I mean I felt earthquakes growing up but nothing, nothing as bad as there was like in the Los Angeles area and so forth. So you know it was pretty whether, I mean we did live, we didn't live like right on the coast so it does get war. But I grew up, we didn't have air conditioning. My mom, my parents got air conditioning as they got older and they're like, we can afford it and we don't want to deal with the crazy, you know, days that are, that are hot. Not like Arizona hot, but, but it's actually a pretty, it was a pretty nice place to grow up and pretty project weather wise. So like my dog now is, is thanking me to throw the ball. He, this is the time of day where he starts feeling neglected. I've been working here.
it's,
it's almost five.
And
eight. Right? Yeah. It's a three hour difference. Yeah,
Arizona
is the weird one that we do, we don't do daylight saving time. So before March we were only two hours difference. Now it's three hours difference.
It's
very
weird
Well one of the few places,
it's,
it's
weird
though.
Yeah, it's just very, it's weird. I mean, especially like having lived, so I'm actually, so I lived in Dallas texas very briefly so I've lived in different time zones before and kind of got used to it. But the weird thing about Arizona is like even though we don't change time, everyone around those changes time and so things, she's like tv like we're are our our cable like to like NBC all those the networks, bc shows on the central schedule, so it's an hour earlier than the coasts. But then the cable channels like Hallmark, Disney or TLC, there only on like standard pacific time. So the show's change time when we changed when we don't change time. So if California falls back, the tv show started a different time than they do when it's just a hot mess. So
it
does
It does it so much but it's it is weird so in because there are times where I teach seven am classes, so in december in january it still looks like night when you have to leave the house for a seven a.m. Classes. So it's a little bit weird. But then but the nice thing is now like when we when we have like six a.m. It's sunny and you can do stuff before it gets hot and it's not dark so
that's
good.
pretty
much.
No
and
It's not it's not yeah so and then yes it's just crazy especially once once and once it gets over 110 it cools down a little bit at night but not enough to really make it
even.
even that I would sometimes like I know once we hit summer we get so hot like in august or or not even august like it's usually october when it starts getting into the eighties it starts feeling cold and you're like, it's a cold spell. It's really crazy because the heat and I think part of the, the thing is like we're, we have spread out so much in terms of like Uh developments and there's a lot more pavement and so the heat just radiates up off the pavement and so it's just, it's still like 105° at like 10 pm. It's just really crazy.
And
hmm. Mhm.
No.
I
know. Yeah.
Now.
No,
that was my dog working
body. Well, no, I think he hears somebody when he hears, when he hears people starting to come home from work uh like the neighbors, he he barks when he hears them. My guest. Either either that or somebody is delivering something to the porch, which is always a possibility I guess.
It's
always
it's always crazy that the interesting thing.
Yeah. Yeah we have so where I live I live in the west part of phoenix. And so they built a lot of the like so they have an amazon warehouse, chewy dot com warehouse. And um so it's always interesting so in normal circumstances sometimes I get things super fast because it's coming from just down the street but now it's like we're sorry it it takes like two weeks and I'm like you literally just are down the street. It's just crazy.
and
over
there.
Yeah. I don't like wearing a mask. I
Yeah
I
think so. Yes it has. All right.
Very
good.
I'm Michel
Michelle.
You too nick. Have uh I hope you're able to get out and about and get some more more clothes and all the things you need soon.
I'll uh maybe talk to you later. Who knows by?
I don't know, I'm just what I'm worried. I'm going back to read, I'm like we just close it or. Mhm. Yeah,
it's a timer. Oh
the time was the tyrant kept going right. I think we just close the window. I think that's it.