How are you?
Pretty good.
What's your name Alex? Nice to meet you. I'm joe.
Mhm. So um there was like this timer I was up in the previous window, do you still have that open?
Okay, I accidentally
press the next arrow to go to the new page so it kind of disappeared. I think I go back to it but
so um I think I remember it saying there would be like a game you play before something or maybe
there's
for that.
Uh huh. Yeah, the only questions I saw was like you know like how are you feeling before the conversation, That sort of thing.
I know. Right. Yeah.
So how did you uh get started with prolific?
Yeah, similar thing for me. I was using like vin dale. It's another one and I would thought the survey and then be told oh
you didn't qualify for this, it's
annoying scent
like that.
Yeah prolific is really nice because it only gives you like the relevant surveys. Sometimes I'll get a notification for survey and it'll say zero places already.
Why?
Yeah. Why are you even telling me this?
Yeah. So do you work anywhere?
Oh sweet. Where do you go?
Oh very nice. Yeah. I live in ah Illinois. I go to north central.
What are you studying?
Oh interesting. So you want to do something specific with that?
Yeah I was thinking something like that's pretty cool.
Is
there um studying
math and physics?
I mean you could it's not as bad as what most people make it out to be.
Yeah I heard that one was pretty brutal. I didn't take it in high school but I knew a lot of people who did. They said it was definitely hard.
Of course.
Some
number,
he literally ran away. Whoa
well I'm surprised you even got a teaching position or
had
he been there like a long time,
See on the exact opposite for me it's like physics makes sense, but chemistry uh
so what happened like just the classes you have to take with the goats to math and science?
Yeah, that's true,
that's pretty cool. Um My senior year I took um it's like the Kalac A. B test, like calculus test and that was pretty nice, like I didn't have to take it again uh 1st Year of College, so that definitely helps.
Yeah, I mean yeah, for you you didn't have to.
Really? See I feel like stats is uh definitely not my favorite area, Math.
Yeah, I guess if you're working with stuff like that then it could be interesting.
I think I have Um is that is that
when you like
uh live there or something?
Oh I see.
I see, that's really interesting. Um My high school is more like I guess just a regular public high school, but it seemed like especially in your later years, like junior year, senior year, you had more flexibility with what classes you wanted to take. So kids who are interested in business, they could pretty much just fill their schedule with business classes. Kids were into like hard, it could be all pretty much all art. But um that idea of a vocational school, I feel like that's pretty common in europe as well. I didn't
I
didn't
really think that was a thing in the United
States, but.
Yeah, I definitely feel like a vocational school, especially if you have an idea of what you want
to do, that's probably the move, because either way, like if you're going to school, it's probably gonna have something to do with your career, right? So might as well go somewhere that's going to be catered more towards what you want to do versus
like a general thing.
Yeah. Yeah, I know in my school um for like the physics people, there's this program, I think it's called Lab View or something, and I've heard several times like, yeah, you know, if you know how to use this software, you can pretty much get a job after that,
Good deal. Probably helped pay back some of the loans for that. Yeah, and you just get the experience as well.
I was thinking college for some reason,
high
school is not that
expensive.
Yeah. So um since you're certified using uh those programs, did you ever think of doing like freelance stuff?
you do
very cool.
Oh, that's awesome.
for sure. You like your own boss too.
Yeah, I mean that's one way to think about it.
No, no, but I mean you can eventually get to a point where it's like instead of having to like um yeah, I don't want to say like find your clients, like the clients will find you, you know what I mean? Because it's like you're running a business essentially. So if they need your service that don't find you,
you should follow up with us, you should follow up with those.
Right. Yeah, I wouldn't
make sense.
So what do you do about campus?
mm. Cool. Yeah, I think I might get a job my campus. I know there was a two drink position they're looking for. Haven't done a whole lot with that yet, but I think that'd be really nice during the year. Yeah, because earlier this year I worked at this tutoring place and it was pretty good, I was like tutoring kids in math, helping them with their homework and then it shut down, which kind of sucked. But um I started meeting the kids at the library, working with them there and then the coronavirus happened, they shut everything down And ah yeah, I've been working with like one student a week. It kind of sucks, but I mean it's something
that's true, some people lost like everything.
that sucks,
right, Just gotta wait for something to come up.
so like all the lectures and classes are online and then labs are in person interesting. Yeah, for us it was
it was kind
of weird. Uh the president of the school
sent an email out and he said uh basically that it's gonna be like a learn from anywhere approach and so when it sounds like it's going to be hybrid between you go in some days I guess and then
others
it's going to be online, but um I think it's going to be different for
specific classes, like I don't know how labs are going to work, so hopefully they send some info out.
I mean if all the lectures online, I can imagine those would be as well.
yeah, it's definitely um it's hard because it's so easy to get distracted when you're
at home,
it's not like a school environment.
Yeah, I mean the one thing I noticed about online classes is it seemed like um the subject was reduced to its core. It wasn't like all this other random stuff. It was just like okay,
um here's what you need to do, get it done. I like the end of the week.
Right. Okay. Is there like um specific region that interests you?
Making?
Foreign relations just be like general.
mm. Yeah, I took uh I took a class last semester was on like Middle Eastern North African literature. There's actually a really cool class and uh one girl and there was a political science major. So yeah, it was it was interesting seeing different perspectives.
what kind of projects do you guys do?
Anarchy? Technology and Utopia,
interesting.
Right. Yeah. With how technology influences politics, I think um it's an interesting topic because you can have someone, I can't remember the name for it but it's like it's something like an opinion leader where you can just get somebody who everyone's familiar with and then um yeah even though everyone kind of agrees that like this person would be a good candidate um it's not necessarily based on reason, it's kind of just like them hyping the people up, you know what I mean?
I think uh Socrates like he didn't like the idea of democracy because of stuff like that.
Absolutely.
Yeah. You know we live in a simulation when your presidential candidates are donald trump joe biden and Kanye
100%
of simulation.
Right. He had the money also.
Yeah it's pretty garbage
for
I mean he's he's been around for a while. I think he might actually be a pretty good candidate.
Yeah he's uh
I don't even know how to Skype,
so that would be weird. I didn't
think of that,
Do you think he could win?
Oh that's a bummer. Right.
See I think
I don't know I think um even if he had gotten like started at a good time. Yeah uh he wouldn't have been running as like a democrat or Republican. So
automatically
yeah automatically like uh he would not be portrayed well in the media at all
by anybody
here.
Yeah because you know it's like people trying to break out of this red, blue, black
and
white thing.
Yeah the founding fathers would probably be
rolling
in their
graves, they can see what's
going on
be like,
this is not at all what we're
talking.
Well
or maybe it is exactly
what he asked for who is a
free mason, Same
with like 40 other presidents. So maybe it's all part of like a big plan. Maybe it's exactly
what they're looking for. Oh yeah
yeah they're just
like our descendants will take care of this
Has spent 25 minutes.
It absolutely has. Okay. Um Well Alex it was nice talking to you.
Um Do we just I think we just exit out of the browser.
All right nice talking here.