Hi.
I'm good, how are you?
I'm
You too. Yeah.
I do.
You
might be able to but I have it open. If not I
don't
know. I
don't know. I thought it was something about like it would have questions or something like it would provide you with something and I'm seeing nothing.
How helpful of them.
Well
I don't really remember honestly. I just like I was taking surveys and like other sites just like earn a couple extra bucks here and there and then like prolific was just the best one out of the ones that I found. And then I stuck with.
00
I hate
that.
I hate that so much. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh my god I'm like well what what am I supposed
to do with this?
Why did you get my hopes up for? Nothing? Just crush my dreams like that Like damn I need those couple extra bucks.
I do I'm a college student so I have like my on campus job and that's my primary employment.
I go to our I. T. It's in upstate new york.
I see I'm from massachusetts so I'm a little far from my college uh
film production and political science. Yeah.
Um I kind of wanna go into documentary work.
kind of a niche area. But what
about you?
I
could never I could never,
I don't know. I took ap physics, my senior year of high school, I got a two on the exam. So
awful. Also like the teacher that I had had like zero social skills like he did not know how to talk to people.
He was like he was nice, he was so nice, he was like a cute old man but like he was just so socially awkward, like she did not know
how to
deal with us. It was kind of funny. There was one day he was like, asked to help out and attract me, and then he said yes, and then the coach turned his back and this man just ran away like,
like that is how socially awkward he is. Like, he was like, yeah, I'll help out. And then he just like left. He was like, no, no, no,
I
mean
he had been there a long time and like, he's really smart. Like I aced his chemistry class, but once we got to physics, I just couldn't keep up.
I mean, I probably couldn't go back to it now. Like, I don't have to take any math or science classes anymore. My ap stats credit covered all of the math and science, I have to take for the rest college.
Yeah, pretty much. Like, I didn't even get a qualifying score on the ap physics exam, but like, because I'm an art student primarily and like a social science student, like you don't really need that for that or science for that.
They were just like, oh look, your ap stats grade. All you needed was like this one math science, general education credit and the a piece, the ap stats took it. So now I just have like free electives.
I didn't take calculus because I don't know that was also too much. I'm definitely not a math person.
Yeah, no, I took stats instead and I love stats. Honestly, I don't know why the only math class I've ever enjoyed.
I don't know, it just made so much sense to me. Like my teacher was like, this is like real life data, analyze it and it was just like came really naturally to me.
And like, I don't know it sucked because like I went to a weird high school so like I took pre talc and like a ton of other kids didn't take pre caLC and had to take it over the summer and then I didn't even go into calculus, it was totally useless. I was like why did I even take freak out? I went to um I don't know if you've ever heard of a vocational school?
we're going
now
that's like a boarding school. So a vocational school you have like your normal like math science english history classes but then you also have vocations trades, we call them shops. So
for one week I'm taking math english science normally and then the next week I'm in my shop so that could be carpentry or culinary or dental or medical or graphic design or legal services or computers or engineering. It could be any of that for me, it was graphic communications. So like it goes bye week, so academic week shop weak academic week shop weak. And because you're only in academics half of the year, you have like certain periods like math and english that are double, so there twice as long so that you like fulfill credit requirements. And the way that you move up in courses like throughout high school is different because like of the way that you have to fulfill requirements, you don't get as many choices for like. Like there's no art classes, There was jim because that state mandated. But but like, there's not many like classes that you get to decide on because like their primary goal is a vocational school is to prepare you for the work force.
I
don't
know.
I
don't know. I know they're like fairly common in my area. Like I know other vocational schools around here. And like I could have gone to my normal like public high school and like done something probably more like what you did. But I chose to go to a vocation school. But like I know that like I mentioned that I went to a vocational school in college and people are like, what the hell are you talking about? Like I've never heard of that before in my life.
Number.
Honestly,
it's like really useful because depending on what you go for like what you go to college for. So like my school, my high school had a culinary program and there's a culinary college in the area where if you went to my high school for culinary, there will knock off two years because they're like, you already have all this experience, so you'll get your degree in two years while everyone else takes forward. It's pretty nice. And like there's other things like that to like um you get like certain certifications in high school. So like for me because I was in graphics, I'm certified in Photoshop illustrator and in design by adobe. So that helps me like get a job because I can say I passed these tests that say I can use this software proficiently. Yeah.
I mean like a lot of the students that I went to high school with, like a lot of the other people didn't even go to college because I didn't need to just like went right into their place of work. And by the time you're a senior or a junior in your fourth quarter you can get a co op. So instead of going to school during shop weeks you just go to work and then you only have to go to school every other week. For
I mean because it was high school like We weren't like funded the same way that public high schools were, but we had to pay like $200 a year or something to go there. So you're really just like, you're really just like making money at that point
now
that
that's
understandable. That's understandable.
Oh, I do. I definitely
do free that
I like design logos for people and like brochures, posters, stuff like that.
It's definitely not the most consistent work. But like it's nice to get like an extra like a couple $100 every now and again, just making a logo for some. Yeah.
I mean kind of I think when you're freelancing, that's like kind of a bad way to think about it because I have to take on clients and really like you kinda have to think of your clients as your boss. There's temporary.
Yeah. I think if I thought that I was my own boss all the time. No, I'd go around like yelling at clients and I it wouldn't be good, wouldn't be good for business.
Mhm. I need to market myself more because I've mainly been like just using my on campus job, I work remotely now because like, you know coronavirus. But um I know that if I put myself out there on social media more that would happen more. But like for now I just rely on word of mouth and every once in a while someone like snapchats me and they're like, hey, do you make logos? Like who are you? Uh
Yeah, I do. I mean like why not? I'll be like, yeah, what do you need? Mhm. I mean if someone contacts me, I'm not gonna like pass them up just because they contacted me in a weird way.
It's
an opportunity for some extra bucks. I may as well. Um
On like my employment on campus, I who I work for parent and family programs. So they basically like send out information to the parents and families of students that go there and I do, what am I, what do I do? What is my title? I'm head of marketing events and engagement. So I helped plan events for families when they come on to campus. And I also do like their graphic design, I do their marketing and stuff. So if they're having event, I promote it. I make all of like the posters and designs and stuff that we post on campus and do all that. I also do video editing. I really just do what she needs me to do. But my primary title is Head of events, engagement and marketing.
Yeah, that's kind of how I've been because my hours were reduced like a lot after coronavirus and I was like at least I still have hours.
The one thing that does suck is that everyone's like, oh well if you're hours reduced so significantly then you should still be able to get unemployment. But I was I still wasn't making enough before then to qualify for unemployment, so I just have to,
I just have to like keep on keeping on I guess. Yeah.
The other thing that sucks is that like, I mean obviously it's for safety reasons that my school will mainly be doing online classes right now, basically what they said is all lectures are going to be online for the fall semester and labs will be in person as necessary with precautions. But like part of my, one of my jobs was a note taker because my campus has the National Technical Institute for the death. So we have a really high population of deaf and hard of hearing students, so they just have no takers that literally go to their classes and get paid to take notes to give to the deaf students. But now I don't have any lecture classes, so I just lost that job.
Once
again.
it's
Thank
you. Yeah.
I'll drive.
My school like I'm, it sucks. Seems like I have to move all the way back there to only have to actually go to class like once a week if that, and it's like six out, it's a six hour drive. So After go six hours to move into this new apartment to go to class once a week and just sit in my apartment For like 99% of the time. But I guess like my school, like for film and animation, they were just like, all lectures are online, labs are in person and that's just how they're doing it. And I haven't gotten anything from the liberal arts school for like my political science classes. I have no idea what's going to happen for those ones. I'm thinking they're just all going to be online because there's no labs. Okay.
Yeah, I don't know why they wouldn't because like I said, there's no labs for political science. Like we just, you just learn stuff, they're pretty much strictly lecture classes and you learn about history and then you learn about what's going on today, you theorize, so I don't know why they wouldn't be online. It sucks though because I like, I do not fare well with online learning.
It's
so
No, not at all. It's like also like some of my classes, like it's not even like I'm joining a zoom meeting, it's just like my professors like read the chapter, look at these notes and answer these questions and it's like, I'm not learning anything from this. Like I want to engage in discussion about the materials that it actually like sticks in my head. I actually like something from it. But I had like two classes. At least two classes where my professor was just like read this. Yeah, you're done. And it was like, I didn't gain anything from that.
How
Mhm. Exactly. I had like, I had one professor for two classes and they were both foreign relations classes and he already like like he was he was okay but like he was an old man from like Uganda and he just was very knowledgeable on the topics and didn't understand why we didn't understand what was going on in like the Middle East. And it's like you know because you worked for the U. N. And he's just like to have all this information in your head but you have to like explain these things to us. Like there's like background knowledge that we don't have about these places and you just expect us to like get how their entire political systems work.
Personally like domestic politics interests me a lot more. But for the political science program you have to take a certain amount of classes and foreign relations
as well. Yeah.
Foreign relations, the classes I took were um Comparative politics which is like comparing how different, you know, different countries systems work and then like foreign relations which is like comparing how they interact with each other. So it's a lot more general.
I think there was only like one other political science major that I had in both of those foreign relations classes because most people just take them as like a gen it because they think they're going to be like an easy 1, 100 level course to kill. And I'm like no it's not an easy 100 level course Phil ba
um in political science classes we do like I took one class on anarchy technology and utopia, that's what it was called.
it was a very
interesting court. But for my final project um we could either write an essay which I thought was really boring and I refused to do it or we could like do a project on how technology influences politics. Um and stuff like that. So like some kid made like a zine and I made a documentary on, it's kind of meta but I made a documentary on how film affects politics. And we do other like group project type things like we'll get together in a group and like analyze like a country and their political system and like theorize how are countries would like interact with each other when we get with a different group. But for the most part it's like a lot more independent and then for film that's really group heavy because like you're on a film set making films. It's not it's not one hand job.
But
I mean honestly I think you can see it in politics today. People just
get like hyped up. Kanye is running for president now.
In Kanye,
I
can't get over it. Can't I remember during the 2016 election I had someone say something about how like famous people shouldn't get involved in politics and I was like, you know, Donald Trump started out as just a famous person, right? Like that's all he was was just like a man with money in the public eye. He was never he was never a politician.
Okay. Yeah, just bribe everyone I hate, I hate politics in our country right now.
It's so
garbage, it's so garbage. I can't even people are going to vote for Kanye West. Yes,
he has. But like, I don't know what goes on in his head and it scares me.
Can
you imagine a world like not only would Kanye West be the president, but the first lady would be kim Kardashian?
See
that's the even weirder part and I don't know why, but it's so much words.
I don't think so. I think he took too long. I think if he had like announced his candidacy prior he may have had more of a chance, but I don't think there are enough people that are willing to write him in and he missed the deadlines in too many states to be on the ballot,
is
it?
I
feel like he probably would have been an independent.
No,
everyone hates
independence. I feel bad for them.
I mean
like
literally George Washington was like, if you only have two parties, you will ruin yourselves with negative partisanship. And now we have two parties and everyone hates everyone who's not in their party and they hate independence even more.
I don't
know.
They
probably
are. You probably
are.
George
Washington is looking down and just like this is not this is not what I asked for.
What a shame.
Maybe
it's
battling.
conspiracy.
They set us up for failure because they thought it would be funny and they wouldn't have to live through it.
Our
descendants will suffer for our mistakes. It's totally fine.
It has absolutely been 25 minutes.
You, too.
It appears it appears so. I think that's the only thing that makes sense to me, so. Alright. You
too. Bye.