Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Mhm. Mm. Yeah. Right. Boston. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. No. Uh huh. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Okay.
Oh, how are you?
I
know. I very strange, but that's okay. Oh,
uh what are you up to today? Uh huh.
that
if
Were you doing that already or is the work
from
home
thing
because of all this going on?
Well,
I
think.
So
if
yeah, I know that's yeah, I know. I was spoiled by that because I work in education and we will see March I think was when we went virtual
until
like a month
ago
or so. So that was like amazing because it was, I mean obviously
still
it was almost
like more
work
sometimes,
but it
was like just so much better to not have to go into somewhere. You know, like I'm hoping that now like that's going to be more common that people are working from home just because of this and people seeing how awesome is and that
you can still
get a lot done you know like and I'd
rather
work harder
from home than have to go in every single day and that's much better I think.
Yeah. Oh my god
that's funny. Yeah we um I like unofficially I'm doing
that because I was originally
going for I. T.
I was working
like making uh
concrete buildings and stuff while I was in school and then I was going for um I. T. But then I also my brother has autism so I was going for special education so right now I'm working in a special ed school with um the I. T. Are not with I. T. But like unofficially I guess because our I. T. That we have is kind of incompetent and they're like in California and we're in Ohio so like no one's ever even like working when were you know like at the same time we're even having issues. So I I started mostly when we needed to install like all new operating systems on all the like 30 something computers we had. So I was like oh I guess I'll do that because we're going to have to ship
like one at a time and it was going to take
like two months
to
even get
it done.
So I
did
that
because
I've always been decent with computers but like um I've
learned
doing that that I probably never would have before
that I didn't necessarily
think I know
how
to
do
but
it
was it was a learning experience and then I just set up our new all
our new routers
and stuff like that so it was it was an experience but that's kind
of.
I know
well
exactly and then those stipends or anything either so that's even better that we can't even.
Exactly because it's I don't know it's it's a charter school so it's not a public school because like public schools are really hiring any time in the past few years around
me. So it's nice because it's all special ed and it's smaller classrooms and in a public school. But it's super weird because there's no direct instruction or anything like were there, but like it's all computer based learning. So it's really weird because what I was used to I've worked at a summer camp in every summer for like 18 years like over half of my life that was all um direct instruction and like working one on one with the kids. But here it's they have different platforms, they go online and log into and do their work there. So it's kind of just like your keeping track and assisting. So there's not even like writing any correct or doing any curriculum or like less than point. It's really weird. But I guess it's well it's not really, I don't know you think it would be easier but it's not really because you don't have any control over any of the learning aside from what you can teach them. And there's not a whole lot of like teaching that you really can do because it's so like rigid and online. But in a way it's almost like it was remote. It's just I physically went there and
helped with any issues they had.
That's
another issue too. Yeah. Like how do you keep? Because it
makes sense because I have
mostly
I have a lovely high school and that makes sense. But like how in the world we're going to teach like a kindergartner, like anything remotely you can't, you know what I mean? That's so weird because one they're going to need someone there with them anyway, like a parent or something to even help
them
use
or whatever
as smart as they are now. But like, just because there's so so many different
things you
have to
know to
do
that.
But
and like,
even
like
the reading
and stuff
when
they get to be that young, you know, there's not a lot of bumps in the road there. But we
we go down
to elementary now, but I mostly have the um nine through 12. So that's another
thing too. It's not like
a strict like grade that I teach anymore anyway, which is is kind of weird because that's not what I was used to at the last place I was at. But that one um ended up leaving. There was also a charter school but it was more there was no like virtual or like online platforms. They did it was all just teaching them. But I just had to get out of there because the The owners of that place where in a 100% for the money like they had knew
how
a new house they bought in Arizona and flew out to Ohio like you know a
couple
of times
week and they had new cars and everything but we couldn't get a textbook newer than like 2002, so there wasn't and then they started buying like they bought a local Chocolate Company for like $100,000.
I don't even know what that. Yeah
and then I know it's the weirdest thing I've ever heard. So they bought they bought chocolate company, they bought like half the block and the place where the city I worked in and they just like thought of themselves as like business people first and you know that's
fine when
it doesn't have to
do with like
special
needs kids. You know it's totally messed up to be taken like taking advantage of kids and old people is like the worst kind of thing you can do. You know it's like plenty
of like
other
other dishes
out there
to take
advantage of your age.
You know like they're not vulnerable like come on. But it's just the things that it made no
sense.
Like a chocolate
like why the
hell do
you
buy
that? And then they
start
like
remember like the health
department was coming and like asking, you know, they wanted to see the chart, like where are they
weren't
at the actual place down the road
and they were actually making the candy in the basement, which wasn't even legal. So like the people there, they were like telling everyone to say like they weren't there like, oh yes, they were, you know, we're still getting ready or something. But they were they and the like moldy basement, like that's
thing.
It's like, and then the worst part it's like the director and like a couple of people making it and then they're like sticking
on labels
saying
that kids with autism, we're making it like you seriously because they want that sympathy card and they're like all of the special needs
Children
by all
our
chocolate.
And it's just like with them making it and it's just
terrible.
It's
combination
of money
or knowing
people
because
also
we had
people
who
were
like floaters who would come in that would work work there, you know, like assisting. So they didn't, they weren't license, especially
not
like as
an intervention specialist to be able to do the special ed so they could like obviously do anything except like do all the curriculum and signing papers and like doing all that stuff. But so they'd have
like the pete
sometimes
the like the assistance like in a room like teaching
the kids are never just them. And then they would know somehow like a week before state was coming and they would uh wait till the day before and then they dump all the kids with
the actual teacher. And then um and as if they were with him the whole time, it was so weird, like I don't and they were on the payroll, so I don't know why they weren't having them do that in the first place, but I feel
that
they seem to like
people that didn't have options because they treated people that had like, like a lot of people have masters and stuff, but they didn't last because they wanted people that only had like a high school diploma to um to
be there because they knew
that
they were
paid,
you
know,
for
what it was, you got paid relatively well and it was salary. So they knew it's like all these people aren't gonna go anywhere because they, you know, so they treat them like on that gold, but they treat them decently ish, you know, um if you can overlook overlook all the moral shortcomings which I couldn't, but then the people that had any prospects or we're thinking of bigger things, they just treated like garbage until they left. I remember my first
year, it
was like, It was at the time was maybe like 100 staff members and it was like, it was like 54 people left after my first year. So I didn't know like one. I thought there was a thing where like if a certain turnover rate was hit, you had to like being, you know, the state would come in and be like, why are so many people leaving? But clearly if that was the thing, they probably screwed that to somehow, I don't
But
God, that's that's
a lot of Oh my God, How how is it like where you're at though?
you said you were ok. Yeah.
It's
so
it's
I
would
think
thanks.
it's
And you said there's no warning
to them that any of this was even gonna, wow,
No.
you
know.
Mhm.
That's
ridiculous.
Like what, wow,
why would you do that to anyone? But especially like you said the teachers that like have that, that they need, wow, that's ridiculous
accidents.
Big.
That's so wrong. Oh my
Oh my God, how long
were you there?
Yeah.
I
don't know why that would be like expected that people would even be okay with it, you know what I mean? Like
as
No, clearly not. But that's
like
when it comes
to,
I mean
that's not who's paying you, but that's like who is, you know,
utilizing
your thing and you don't think they're gonna like go and complain and when all
of them are like, hey, this place is treating us terribly, like what, you know, I mean, I know
how many options they have, but
so
so
they knew
this
and
Yes. Yes. I haven't even heard of smart boards in like five years
like
that. It,
okay. I didn't know if they were still, because I remember when I was in like middle school, they were just like coming out and they were like, so like yankee, you know that most of the teachers, some of them are literally using them as white boards because they couldn't
like, they did
not
work.
So even like some
of
the, like
science
teachers that were very intelligently,
they would just not
function,
but I knew they got
more,
um, a little more
creative
and better with their utilization of them
when by the time I graduated, but like I think
the
last
time
I saw
on actually
being used it
was better
granted,
but like
I feel
like by now there would be
much
better options than unless they like really about the park recently, I don't know.
I.
it's
out.
Wait, so do they can they function independently now, or do
they still
need
the computer in the
end? Like?
that's so cool, that's awesome,
that's
all,
Yeah.
my
All
and that's
the
worst.
jesus, and that sucks because as hard as it is is like what you do and I t
it's like
worse
for the teachers
because
they don't
know what
what the hell is going on, you know what I mean? So it's like
not only do
you have
to keep
track
of like
this
this
room has
like this
thing
but this one
has
one that's five years old. Or this one has the newest
one this one somewhere that you know, so it's like that you have to constantly be on top of but then also be able to explain it to each teacher that you know why they're thing doesn't work like their their neighbors or you know,
because they probably are like well that one does, I don't know why I can't just do it with mine late. And it's It should, I'll just be I feel like just like a mass like purchase once every however many years are able to and just like keep it consistency
would be great
because oh my God like with
ours
we have
30
something
computers.
But like
There's like
some
that are like probably 2009 models all the way up to like a really bad whatever Chromebook like now that's just not very good
either.
Um that's from
this
year,
but
like,
and
then,
and
then,
you
know, they're like every once in a while we'll have one that dies in 10 minutes. I'm like, and I just like,
if you want to place it, can I just get a, you know, a $10 battery that you buy on Ebay? And they're like throwing a fit about that. But then it sucks to keep track of that because there's like, and then all the chart,
we have a cart that like with the racks to charge them, but like it was,
you know,
have to wire,
every single
one
has
like a
different charger, which is like
and then,
and then they
will
buy
the
batteries,
you have
to like
charge
them through the day, but then you have to like snake it
out of
the
charging. Like it's Oh my God, such a pain. That's like,
my
That's
crazy.
if
you're getting like an air, that's super expensive, you
know?
Only
my
But
yeah, I mean they still like, well, yeah, they do that, but they
still
cost
like
an insane
amount, which I mean
is good
if
you're going
to
resell.
But like
if
you to just
outright
by like all the high schoolers, Macbook, I feel like there's some, some better allocation of funds you could do there.
And it
looks like some of them, like the younger ones are using like a completely different operating system.
That has to be a pain to and
from the teachers to like the teachers are like, oh, I got my Mac book, but all you guys
have
your own books. That's nice.
And then, and then if they transition, they're gonna like be throwing a fit, which I mean,
I get it because that's all they've known, you know what I mean? But at some
point
they
probably
will
because that's, I feel like they just, whatever they can get at the time, you know, they'll probably go, all right, we've got some, here's an old kids MAC book. Here you go, like that. Fine. Yeah, I do
like the longevity of them though, for sure. Like I had my, when I was in college, I had like a 2011 pro and I gave that to uh, my, uh, my friend and he's still using it to this day and that was when you could upgrade the internal is a little bit. And then right now I'm using my that was supposed to 2015
supposed to replace the air but it was the 12 inch Macbook but then they just were like oh yeah we're just going to discontinue it after a year and a half. But I'm using that and even that just with its like mobile processor and no fans or anything is like still running
flawlessly. So it's just nice because I remember When I had I used to have like all windows like laptops, you know I'd spend $3-$500 on each one which I know obviously that's makes sense
you know that they're going to not be great but they only lasted like maybe a year or two before
one
they got
bloated
with
things
and started to go slow or like the charging port broke off and some of them because they're
so
cheap and like, you know, and
that's
what I don't like because as much as I appreciate having two different operating systems, I don't like that with and there's terrible good and terrible things about both like Mac and they're like so closed, you know, ecosystem is, it can be infuriating, but then windows where it's basically so open, it's like, hey, hey, we're going to have all these make a computer and we're gonna just throw a window, you know, like almost anyone just like with iphone android, it's like if you, if you know what you're doing, the openness is fantastic and you have to know what you're looking for. But like the average person going to get one is probably going to get like a terrible computer even if they spend 800 out on it because the, you know, they'll, they'll trust the guy at best buy or something and they get
this thing that doesn't work into, but it's uh Oh my God. Yeah. No.
No.
mike.
I'm
saying
like,
Oh my God, like they'll run for 20 years if you're doing like your normal school stuff, you're doing word processing and you're sending email, your browsing here and like, but yeah, you can't oh my God, why would you even expect that to even work like
on
any
level? That's insane.
my
Even an older pro would do fine with that. And that's the weird thing too because like a lot
of, you
know, with their
planned
obsolescence
of everything you have like letters that were,
you
know,
in
the mid
two
thousands
could run that
version
obviously of like what's the video adding software, Like the adobe ones, You know, like the
yeah, like Premier and things like that. Things that were like making
like full
feature
films.
It would run fine. But then they like add a couple of features and do something behind the scenes. So that that same, very similar program. I mean the same program but just
a little updated
will not even run on anything more than a couple years old. And it's weird like, I mean it's done on purpose, but it's like, it's really, I don't see in a lot of cases, I don't see all that many features being added to justify that. You can't run it on, You know, a $2,000 computer from 10 years ago.
Have you um have you done any of the uh have you been on that user testing website?
Because I've done, there's a few things that I found it, I've been like really cool because I just want some
extra money in my
free time
whatever.
But so
like
it's just,
it's usually
I don't even
know if
it's
not net or whatever, but let me actually haven't pulled up, let
me see
what,
Okay. It's just user testing dot com, all one word, no dashes or anything. And
you just
sign up
whatever
and
you have
to make,
well it's For a standard like recording and it's nine times out of 10 just like a vocal recording and it's um $10 for that. And it usually takes between five minutes and 15 minutes. Which is awesome
because he just
get
him whenever.
So
you sign up for that and then you have to do like a trial video or not video or a trial like you have to go either on the computer or your phone but usually your computer and you go on there and it walks you through it and it records and you go through a website and it gives you the steps of like what they want you to talk about and like you just speak out loud about
what
it is basically.
And
that
practice
video which is awesome, you get the $10 for, they just review it so they know that you know what you're doing and which is simple and then they give it you know whatever star rank and then um you can immediately go on and start doing them. So I've been getting like consistently like because sometimes there will be like 20 of them on there and you just, they only take like five seconds to qualify or not. So I go on there and maybe I'll get like one out of every 8 to 10 or so, but like there's a lot of them on their usually. So I've been averaging like two or three a night. Just I mean for like under a half hour, like $30 a day.
It's really nice to have, you know, for like it's super easy, like I just did one for um they want me to
look
at
like
car website or something, you know like what features, you know like it will be like click on this and pretend that you're trying to do, you know like find this make and model of car and blah blah blah and talk about what is, you know and you just, you know, it's like I I think this is weird, it's not working or this is nice or something I used to be on because that's what they're paying for, so it's pretty cool. Um And sometimes there's follow ups and sometimes they'll have like 30 to $60 ones where it's like
a live one, kind of like this. So it would be like like that which is awesome, but it's like I said it was super easy to use. I don't know, I wish I saw earlier because I didn't even know about it till like a month ago. But it's really cool and actually a lot of the ones have been like I. T. Related which is cool too because they're looking for like sometimes looking for people that like you know a video game enthusiasts or they're looking for someone who's looking to buy a house in three months or
they're all like they have what their criteria they're looking for for each one, but there's so many of them that you're bound to get a decent number of them, which is nice. And of course I'm turk the classic I've been doing. No,
that
that one is what? Well it's still it's not good but
it
was
it was it was god awful for the first because I was doing it when I was still like early years of college. So I got like all the terrible like 12 cent ones out of the way and got my like 10,000 approved or whatever to start getting the better ones. Now I set like the finder to only do ones that are like over 50 cents or whatever. So I've been averaging like $10 a day just like in a couple hours when I got home. Just so it's
it's
when you
have
the program hit finder, it makes it like maybe easier because it, it lets you pick and shoes, you know, and it lights up different colors like green. Is there a good requester? Reds? They're like shit and you can read it to see. Uh
Yeah, so that's really helpful for me because otherwise I was just getting like pennies a day, but it's, it's much better with that because sometimes I'll even do like on my lunch or something to get a few bucks just to, you know, adds up. But the way without that, I don't think anyone would really do it if they didn't have any kind of scripts to look for things.
Yeah, it absolutely
is. I ask. Yes, it is. But yeah, I would recommend so, um, hit finder
and
it's
and
let me actually make
sure this is the whole thing. Hold on one second because actually
the thing
I got, it's an extension. They have it for chrome and Firefox. I'm
Turks sweet
and
it
has,
yes. So it has finder catcher, which I haven't used recently, but I think that's
for like batches where you have a bunch of them and I like hold them for you and then track around you. And I basically just used the finder and it's like awesome because you can set it up to, like I said only show you ones that are worth a certain amount. So I do like 25 cents or 50 cents. And that's and the colors are great too because I know if it's like sometimes yellow if it's like really dry, but most of the time I only do the green because and also there's, let me see if it was included in that or not. But it has um there's a site called turk optic Con which is like a review site for requesters. So if there's one that looks kind of like too good to be true or something like that or you're like this is going to take a long time. If you type their name into their you'll see all the reviews for them and people you can rate them on like the how good the pay was. Communication. Let's
see. Pay, communication fairness and things like that. So you'll know someone's like an ass and just like getting free data and mass rejecting people Because people like that. Sometimes I've had that happen a couple of luckily not unlike things I've done a bunch for but like some that are like $2 or something and take like a half hour and the rate they go off of with it finder in like with any of the other like forums or whatever. I don't bother with those now that I found hit finder but they say like a decent, At least for enter grade is like 10 cents a minute just and if it's anything less it's like complete, you know, not worth your time, which that's still low. But I mean like if you're not doing anything else that's you know better than nothing while the TVs on in the background. But so basically, but I think like so far at least time like actually spent doing it to how much money that user testing is like insane when you think about it because it's not, you know, as consistent as some something even like mturk because you have, you have to do a lot more with it. But there's like always something to do. But when you get it it's like something like a dollar a minute. So once I did one the other day I was like, it was like I think 4.5 minutes I was like, is that like it? And it wasn't, I felt like 10 day auto approve on user testing and then you, it's weird, you only like the people don't even seem to bother. Like I've gotten out of like maybe 30 or so of them. I've done this month I got like three review like three star. Like I got 35 stars and like everyone else that's what they say, that's like maybe you'll get one out of every like 20 you do that will actually even bother writing a review or give you a star rating. Which is fine if you start out with like a four or five from the test, which is easy to do and just make sure you have your mic set up, good and whatever and that was and that's easy. You can buy on my phone. I've done like probably six of them and I have no issues with that with no mic or anything. So they're not like picky about the audio, which is cool too because some of them are like super, you know, like strict about that on some places, but not here. Oh,
Well,
no
it's not. It's um so
the one cent one. Well, so it's like each request so you can by all technicalities to have a requester that's paying $10 a hit and doesn't care like who has what. But like for the most part they'll be like they want, I think like you really, when you hit 1000 is like one like the floodgates open for the most part and they, because the requesters will set their specifications or requirements. So it's like you know we want someone who has higher than a 90% approval rating. Someone who has uh you know 1000 hits completed and approved and someone who whatever, like the only thing that doesn't matter is your return rate and which is good because like half some of them will be completely broken and that would not be fair because like What the hell? Like I was saying with that one, What's also cool about like the finder? And if that's mturk suite is that when you you accept a hit from the finder and the top left, if there's um if there's any issues with that like specific hit or whatever, it will be like a little, it'll have like an exclamation point with a little number next to it and you click it and it'll be like people what they said, like if someone's like, way too long for the pay, or they're like screened out after 30 seconds, they're looking for something else or whatever. Because that's a lot of people hate is the unpaid screeners, because they're like, why can't you just, you know, which a lot of them do, like putting the title like, you know, for 20 to 30 year old female or something like that. You know, like some of them they're looking for something so specific and it's not just and what matter if it was like a, you know, like, here's your age uh and are you male, female, whatever, and then Like, I'm sorry you're disqualified. But some of them you go through like pages of stuff and they tell you like, Oh no, you spent like 3-5 minutes on it, like, are you serious? Like it's completely ridiculous. So that's nice to have so a lot of people because there's so many people doing it, you'll see that if there's a a problem like that, they'll post it up there and you can click it and see all their comments, but also for the just like the requirements and getting where you need to be the subreddit for mturk, which is one of the least toxic subreddit I've seen, which is, you know, is uh saying something um they have like a sticky at the top. That explains a lot about that too, because I was doing it before. I even like, that was really even a thing like the subreddit for it. So I didn't have that, but it's like super helpful. And they have, so I do the mturk subreddit and then they have like the, it's called H. W. T. F. It's worth taking for which is what I use before hit finder because it'll people only post things that pay at least 10 cents a minute on there which is nice too. But the hit finder you like will get ones that you never would have gotten anyway or even known about because they will they come and go quickly so if something comes up for a dollar and it's like a five minute hit like people are gonna grab that S. App so you'll be able to catch that like as soon as it pops up because you get a ding on your notification and you just go there and it updates. You can put it for like every five seconds 10 seconds a minute or whatever. I think I just do like 10 seconds and just let it auto update. And then what was another thing with that? Um. Oh you can also I'm pretty sure it has an option for like only showing you hits that you qualify for two so you're not gonna get one like and get excited like oh cool $10.1. But they want like some crazy requirement for or that master's qualification that I have no idea, like no one knows how you get that if you've ever heard of that, it's like
it's called Masters. And they get like some of them get like they'll have these batches of like dollar things that take like two minutes and and people are like making full time income on their per months but they everyone like they're all getting together and trying to like figure out what the hell it is that they're getting this for. But like to this day no one even understands like you'll get an email and okay you're you have a master's qualification now. But I've done like 15,000 or something. I've never gotten anything like that. But some people they do like 300 get one. It makes it was like no rhyme or reason to it, I swear.
But it's I know it's super messed up so they know and some people are like,
I
think
it's if you do like the batches where it's like you um you like the um doing the captions or something like that. I'm like I don't like I don't know, I don't I don't know. And I've also tried those transcriptions things and those are mostly asked to. So because I signed up for their was rev and like a couple other woman's
and and I did and I still have my account but like it was like a lot of the ones I was getting that um that I got were like I couldn't even understand what the hell was going on in them. So like I I did it and I did actually pretty decent. I'd probably go back to doing it but like it's just not like what you'd think you would get. But then again, I mean like the people aren't paying very much to get it cheap so you know it's about a dollar a minute that they're paying or something. So like
and they take a massive cut and so it's like of course
you know
because
why wouldn't they? And then Just like like five or where it's like they take an entire dollar out of the $5 you're charging
like
That's
what I. Yeah.
Yeah. Same. Same. And I went through like so many to see what was the best or whatever. Like I listened to like people on the different subreddit and things that what they said. But like some of them, we're just like completely like it was just stupid. Like why would you even bother with this? But I gave most of them a chance just to see because only I'll give it a shot. So so far it's been, it's a, as far as consistency goes now that I have like more or less. That's I am turk I've been getting in free time like probably like 4 to 600 a month. Like without
like really? So I think it's honestly worth it if you can push past that 1st 1000 if you have the right, like I said, the hit sweet or the mturk suite because otherwise it's never going to be worth it. So that's pretty good. Even like when you're, you have a judge just because it's nice to have a little bit extra money for whatever. Um and then now followed by uh user testing because that's amazing like money for the, for the time you, the lack of time you have to put in and um which is really a really good and as they have some for max, they have some for Windows, most of them are like, it doesn't matter what operating system, but some will like specify what they want, which is fine. I've only had like two that are like, oh this is windows only, so I would only go into boot camp if I could, you know, take it and then Summer mobile, which is nice. So if it says that you have to like actually go on the app to take the screener and stuff, but it's super simple and then I did since like 2010 but like not consistently at all was swag bucks and that one
is
it is um Not good. Like I I so I over like the 10 years I had I got maybe like $50, but then when I did a month of it, this this year I got like 125 in a months. But like it was it's not I mean it's nice to have or whatever but it's not really, I do it on the side so it doesn't take up much time you basically go and there's like a to do list and you get like so many swag bucks for each thing you do on it. And then if you fill out that to do list, you get a bonus amount and then you can do like I think it's like there's no limit, but like I've only gotten two or three different times where you search throughout the day and it gives you swag bucks for doing a search but like it's not every single time you do it, so like sometimes you have to do like a few searches in a row to get it and then they have surveys but oh my god this I only did it to get like as much when I had some free time to get as much money as I could, but like the surveys, that's what pisses everyone off the most. Like and I read it and everywhere because they're like sorry they have memes about it because you'll spend like 20 minutes in the survey for like 100 swag bucks, which is like a dollar, it's like one cent of swag bucks. So me and that and not only that because like that's like whatever, it's like oh cool, I got a dollar for this, but like then you'll get disqualified. Like that far into the survey is absolutely ridiculous, like it is so so messed up and have some, they're like guaranteed paying or whatever, but those ones are like five swag bucks and they take like 20 minutes. I was like oh that's awesome. And then the worst when it's even like, like kicking me in the face after because you'll like disqualify after 20 minutes for a dollar and then they're like, oh sorry sorry that you're disqualified. Here's a here's a disqualification one swag buck, which is one cent. Thank you. Like you might as well literally have not given me anything. Like that pissed me off more than if you didn't give me anything.
yes, actually they may, they own a bunch of different sites. They have one called cash crate, one called okay let's see it. But they do it might even be a surveymonkey but they have
a bunch of they own now because it was like two guys or three guys that started it and then the other some like conglomerate came in bottom you know and they were actually pretty decent back in the day you could make a decent amount but then you know they it's whatever corporation bottom and then they need more bottom line so they like cut all the all the kind of like with you know with Bitcoin where the people were mining it and it was worth it but then they kept having and having and having it so by the end like it's not worth it for anyone even now even like in china where they have those entire like factories with computers to mine. Bitcoin it's like not even worth it for them anymore. Which is insane. And I'm so pissed still that I so I have like 12 Bitcoin and I saw I'm still like so pissed at myself that I did that because I was in college and I just got like a couple $1000. But I waited. So that one what that one year when I went up to like $20,000 for one I was like holy shit I
no
parents
Alex.
It is.
I know
I wouldn't
have it,
I wasn't
interested
or anything
but like that's
whatever. That's cool you know it's like a few pennies for you know whatever and then you have that guy. Yeah and then that guy on I'm ready to bought a pizza for for someone and the guy paid him a Bitcoin because he didn't have anything and it was worthless
at the time.
And then
it was worth
like
$27
million
dollars
by like a few years later that dude had to be so pissed himself. Like there's no way you can know
but like I
would I would have been like holy shit like tell everyone like I would just complain about that like everyone in my life for the rest of my life be that bitter old man,
I could have
made $27
million dollars
like spending on a pizza. Yeah
exactly. We know we get it. Oh
my
God, so use yeah user
testing
mturk I would stick
with
that
if you
can get those
extensions which do you use? What do you use for your browser usually on your personal stuff?
Which
is
it's it's both
on Firefox and chrome which is often do so because I prefer to use Firefox but like most of the things
through my work,
like all the
computers,
they have their on Chrome, so I kind of had to get used to some of that too. But I always like Firefox the most
at the moment. I don't, my my mom has a bunch though, she has like three in her house and I I'm trying I
did have a dot somewhere, but I don't even know where that is
like
It's,
I
hope.
And they
sweet.
That you
could do. Yeah, because before you Yeah, that's why. Yeah. Thank you. That's awesome. We know that else to check that out for
I
did, I did. I need, I was gonna set it back up just for Samuel l cause I need to need to be screamed at by him for a while. Oh, I love make sure I didn't even notice
it. Yeah,
I
don't
That's awesome. Oh my god, it's
gonna
be hilarious.
I
know. Especially
now
it's like because as awesome as it would be, it's like hard to justify things that like it's like our
DVD players even gonna exist in like the next five years which
of course
they will because I like have all my Dvds like in a room and and still like
watch
them but just you
know, it's just still
hard
to with everything
else, especially
when you're an adult which sucks that you can't just, you know when I was in high school I was buying like base sides uh you know like they're they're $100
like vinyl
and sets of everything
that came with like six shirts and you know whatever, but now it's like, oh should I, you know, I want to eat today, or do I
want to get some dvds?
But
I'd
like to
also,
my God saying I got one, I got it um and I was like because I got I ended
up getting a few just because I who knows what's going to happen and now that
people
are like
charging
like obscene amounts, like even
at goodwill, because
they're like, well people
on Youtube
say they're
still
in vcrs
for
$300
so let's
mark it up. Yeah,
which
is stupid
because
I was like
looking at that and
you know, people
gotten like flipping or whatever and then they watch these people online, They're like oh this guy sold one, you know, for $160, whatever or whatever they
sell it for. But when I looked at all of this like none of it even added up, even if you sold it for a higher price. Because for example I got um I wanted a new switch because I like the original one so I want, what was it like april or so when Yes. Hell yeah. Oh yeah. The uh when we were going on like lockdown, whatever I'm like should I need, I just wanted the new ever just been like why not? Because I saw them like oh I could maybe sell it for you know closer now to what I paid for it than I ever will again. So I put
it up
and I put my old one and I got a new, I found two new ones at a Target and that was like the april was the last time until recently that I ever saw stores until
very
recently,
so
I
put it
to you on
for sale and like I put it up for, because other people are putting like really beat
up. So I put it up for 300 that I paid for it. And I'm like, I'm like whatever may be in, you know, a week
or something. So long life in five minutes. I want bought it. I'm like, Oh my God, so I sent it out
and whatever and but here's the thing, it was a good deal for that because it was used in whatever. And I still made out way better than I ever would have. There's people on there, like, so they're buying a switch, say it's $300 they get it for and then add tax. So say 3 25 or so. So around 3 25 at least. That's what I paid like getting it new. So it's paying the sales tax, which I know some, a couple of states don't have it, but the majority do, so that's a $335. Let me do a little little math. So $25 you're, you're spending and then some of them by the end they were selling it for like, So you sold it for $400. So You spent, let's see $400 and you're like, Oh awesome. And a lot of people are doing free shipping because it sounds better even than saying $180 and $20 shipping. So if they're doing $400 with free shipping, So then they have to factor out you multiply that by 87% because paypal or ebay takes 10, paypal takes three. So after that you're at 3:48. And then it's about In my experience from shipping. Just that one out not and that was a smaller package than the entire switch box would be, it was about 20 bucks. So that's $328. So after that you're making $3 like it's like insane. So I don't know why people thought that was like this crazy like a good idea to do and the worst part is that you open yourself up to like horrible liability as far as like your product because Ebay is if you buy anyway, you are like never unsafe, you are 100 million% safe no matter what, if you sell that you have no rights as a seller. So if I spelled if I sold that switch and I sent it out and the people said like, hey I never uh you can either say, I never got it where they say the item wasn't as described and they would say that, you know, it wasn't what I said, it was blah blah and then Ebay, no questions asked, gives them the money back and then I lose that money and if they send me back a brick in the mail, then I get nothing or if they just don't even send anything back, I'm just out that money, but I'm out the product like and there's no repercussion for that. Like they say after they do
that so many times if it's somehow proven or they'll disable their account, but you can make a new Ebay account and you can bid on things or you don't even need to enter any credit card information. So like anyone can make an account at any time and there's like no way to like ban people or not. You can block individuals whatever, but like you can't stop someone who has like zero feedback from buying your stuff. Which is like, that kind of sucks because I get that they need to start somewhere, but at that point maybe they should do like by like digital content or so, you know what I mean? To build up some numbers, just spend a dollar on like a digital download. Well it sucks because that actually happened and the worst part is so Ebay lets you return. Like, I think it's like three months or something like that gives you for them to like file a claim. So I sold an ipod was an ipod shuffle when they were like the little, you know, little squares and they had the clip. So I tested it worked fine. Everything was good and I sent it out to this dude, it was like $20 or something. So it was whatever, it was not a big deal. So then I found out that paypal gives you six months or a year to do that. So I sold it in June of 2019 and then a graduate like december. The guy was like trying to say he like Paypal held that money for me like took it out of my account and we're like yeah this guy said it wasn't as described or it didn't work or something and I was like what the hell? Like like why would you let like this long? Like Absolutely
Like, like you imagine like going to the store and like yeah tv I bought three years ago like yeah stop working. You know like what the hell? You know I mean it's worse because it's an individual, you're doing this to like screw someone like that or even let a company let someone screw an individual.
Like that made me so mad. But then luckily
that one,
he
was just
so stupid that he never responded to any of the things that we were, you know, that was sent back and forth so that all
you have to do
is
be like, he had to say Yes, this
returning,
returning the products
fine and he had
his money or whatever. But then like 10 days passed and he never did that. So I called paypal yeah, like I won that case because he just didn't do anything. Thank thank you. Like, so I literally had money taken out of my account and held for like 10 days because of this asshole that decided
to do that.
So stupid.
So I just feel comfortable ever need to buy something on there. You're safe.
I
wouldn't, I only did because I had, well like the switch thing I wanted to and I had an account from when I had a bunch of old stuff I wanted to sell that I didn't need. But people will literally buy anything online. It's very interesting the things that they will buy like well obviously no like the jesus toast and things like that, but that's just like that shows what people will buy
online and they do.
Absolutely.
I'm sorry. Oh my God.
I didn't
even know
you
feel,
I know
Sam. I didn't
know. I know me too. I was like oh my God. But uh huh.
Oh I don't know if I am. Let's see. Is there even a
I
guess
so. I'm gonna take it, I'm taking a screenshot or something or like alright, just in case
you never
know.
There we go because then they'll be like, oh
or
do you
just
go to the
survey
I
guess?
perfect. And awesome.