Alright, memos? Yeah, yeah. Mhm. That's what Now? minutes. Oh, oh, 25 minutes. Hands on me. You're a timer. Mhm Uh huh. So we need a timer. 30 minutes. All right. Yeah, I would set that sucker. Er jesus, Would you want someone more positive? Okay, Yeah, mm hmm. All right, what girl? Okay, I'm going. Mhm. Really? Yeah, yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. You right?
Nice to see. I'm James, I wonder what your name is,
Yeah, I can hear you. Can you hear me? Yeah.
All right. So we've got to do at least 25 minutes and what I've done is I've set a timer for 30 minutes just to be safe. Uh I guess we can start it now sure,
Okay, so uh how are you
I'm
doing? I'm doing all right. Um it's nice outside, but I I'm really not in the mood to go out, it's kind, it's kind of kind of chilly here where I am, by the way, I'm James.
Adam, Nice to meet you.
So so what do you, what do you got planned for the weekend? Anything right,
the same situation.
Is it at least comfortable or? Yeah.
Well
I love, you know, I know you're not gonna come to my house and knocked on my door, but I'm in the Connecticut suburb. Uh
uh Illinois isn't that flyover country now? I always fly over country where they have the uh the planes play over and nobody cares what happens. Well, what I mean, what is there to do in Illinois where you are?
look you okay, so you got everything.
I
mean, I
mean
well
you
know,
I mean geographically, I was horrible in geography, so southern Illinois, middle part now. No middle weight, north south, so south is down, you can't see my fingers south is down there somewhere. The war.
Okay, yeah, yeah, believe me, I'm not really enthused about the election. I could care less amount. I mean, not that I could care less, but we've heard the same shit for 10 months, but you know, I'll vote, but you know, I'm not excited about it. Uh
Yeah, I mean, every everybody should, I mean, I think the, I think the two party system is a bit outdated. Be nice if we had more than two choices. I mean, we do, but you know what I mean? But
I heard about that. I I think I think ranked choice would make sense. Um But yeah, no, I'm just like, I'm trying, I'm just trying to think of what's coming up to the elections coming up will be um Halloween, I haven't done in years. Uh I'm in my mid thirties, so I'm kind of being out of the demographic for that.
I
didn't go to a couple of Halloween parties that win in my 20's. Those those were nice. Um And then, you know, the nice thing is like this year is almost over with and hopefully we all go into thanksgiving and christmas without some sort of pandemic. You know, continuing I mean, I mean, I know it's going to continue. Know what I mean? Getting worse. It's just I don't know. What do you what do you think about the flu shot? I know. I don't know.
I
think everybody
should get
shot regardless
of what
else is.
No
I think
it helps before
word
to
increase.
Got
you.
we
can hopefully top. So, I mean, there seemed to be certain hotspots, you know, in the in the south where people don't give a damn. Uh I mean, most vaccines I think do work one of my nurses because I have a bunch of nurses because I have a motor disability which is fine. It's it's not a big deal. But she said she got the flu shot a couple of years ago and then she got sick directly afterwards. So she's one of those people I mean I guess since the flu shot does contain a bit of a flu in it, it could backfire. But like I don't I don't believe the whole you know microchipping thing. There's so many damn conspiracy theories out there and you know whatever. I do think that Bill Gates suddenly becoming a doctor just isn't really
I don't know there's something strange about him going on all the morning shows and suddenly he's an expert but whatever. I don't know. Yeah.
little
I don't know
where.
I mean,
I
mean even, I mean I watched the speech and I heard what he said about population pinning and all, but I don't know. I mean, I mean if your bill gates wouldn't you want to like make sure that a lot of people are healthy so they can, they can buy more of your crap. I mean people are dying but I don't know. Oh man. I just, I don't know. It's it's it's just a weird time. But it's been a weird time for everybody. It's been
a weird time point.
How
about this?
I mean before the pandemic where you were you employing? Did you have I mean are you in college? You know apple
cider?
I I
switched
to general
working
at a hospital.
Oh, that's wonderful. I guess. I mean because now you're in the middle of it. Yeah,
kind of
so what?
I figured you weren't a doctor, but it's, you know, But uh so what do you like a nurse's assistant or like,
If I need to sue someone, I can just call you. Probably like,
I
really like to see the people that have that roundup trying. He was giving everybody cancer allegedly. Yeah.
Yeah, man, I don't know, like overall like I'm just hoping we get through the end of the year without anything wacky happening.
I mean, I mean, cause enough wacky stuff has happened. I mean, I'm kind of looking forward to 2021.
Whoever
wins
the election.
I
mean,
I mean
if for no other reason than maybe people can start, you know, going back to work or traveling or what have you. I mean, you know, it's um
that's
I mean, I mean, look, I'm kind of I'm kind of torn because part of me like really really, really wants biden again. But then part of me is like biden is going to do shit. That's gonna fuck the country up 10 or 20 years down the road. I mean, look what he did with the, with the prison bill
doctors. Yeah, I mean, and I mean all politicians make shitty laws. I just think if any, like here's the here's my best case. I'm just playing armchair quarterback now, see if if trump loses, you're gonna get all the trump people that that rooted for him so pissed off and they're gonna just cause unrest. But then, but then if trump wins, you're going to get all the biden people. It's like you're in a no win situation, like at least with the biden people, it seems to me like after a week or two, maybe it'll just be like, okay, we accept the result. You know, I don't know because that's the way I went last time when, when Hillary and Donald went at it like Hillary's people were like pissed for a week, all of her supporters. And then, you know, we got on with it. Yeah,
I'm like,
so maybe
it's
like,
that's,
I'm,
you know, if anything, I'm more pissed off at the Congress and the Senate, we're just sitting there doing nothing. I mean, and, and by that, I mean like, oh yeah, you guys, you know, you gave us 1 $1200 stimulus check like three or four months ago. But you guys,
you know, the last three or four months, you know, they just, what have they been doing? I I should probably read up on it, but I think they've been on vacation quite a bit well while the rest of us have just been
struggling to various degrees, so it's just it's
just
directly,
of
course not because that's not that's that's never how they've worked, but you know, but like like you said, I'm just, I'm just hoping that, you know, the thing is over with after november 3rd, everybody except the results, you know, whoever wins wins and you know, I mean, I don't know what the best case scenario would be like regardless of who warm
I
think
well
no, I mean you make sense but I'm just like really? So if if it's if it's just for naming sick, if it's a biden blow up the trump, people will be like okay, are doing lost and vice versa. Mhm,
Say
knowing
it well,
playing
with
voters
in Russia,
if
you call the
labour
postal
services
here with the
to wow.
And
I guess
you remember
once again
Yeah, I mean even me as an independent, IIi really think burning got screwed twice, but what do I know? But especially in 2016 I think the guy got screwed. Mhm.
During
2016
I
understood
as much
well
because like you no, he what happened? He won like a bunch of states in the north Carolina came around and yeah, so I know what you mean.
Well,
I'm happy
for him. I want to
put
your throat
to
you.
The
people who have
lot
of
high ranking
democratic superdelegates
got
to refocus
the campaign
this
last
time
you
got a
lot
of Canada's
motorcycle,
so
that's yeah, when when biden won north Carolina and you had all the other Democratic candidates suddenly like, you know, I
mean,
But
I wonder
what
role, I wonder what role Bernie would play in a bite. Administration.
Became clear
how
the rules
on this strong
from across
the voice
in the sun.
What
what
what
what
do you
what do you what do you think of the rumor that I read about how biden gets in? Like they're already trying to make a plan from where like They don't they don't force them out of power, but they'll be like, Okay, you're 78, you're too damn old. You can't make decisions. I I the hill had I had a report on that, I don't know.
Or
or something like that. Well, that immediately, but like within, you know, within a year. Oh yeah. Mhm.
It's
certainly
possible.
huh.
bless.
What
did he what did he pass away from? Cancer?
my mother was 51. She passed.
You're versus always
involved
with
another
at least
sketch
that out. Yeah.
Yeah. You're gonna you're gonna need some sort of backup plan. It's not like Reagan who miraculously lived to whatever age he lived to
its present.
You
keep
out of the Congress
and
always
Well,
that's
it.
Non
disclosure here I am.
Crazy. I can't I can't believe that the guy won't, he actually wore a mask and he gets back on the balcony and he's like, fucking I need to take a funnel up. I mean, really, you couldn't just walk inside and then take it up. Well, of course not because he's
he's a showman. Yeah.
I
understand.
What
He he thinks he thinks that his audiences all the people that voted for but that's that's not your audience is the president sir. Sure is everybody.
You know How do I put it? Like I said once this, once November three is over with? I think I think a lot of people will start to feel a little bit less transfer.
I mean unless unless there is that hanging chad thing like I didn't even where it's really close. Uh Remember that 20 years ago I was I was a kid back then. Obviously they were like no it's cool or no it's Bush know what's going on? I didn't it
go on for like a month,
But
like but like the gore and Bush thing lasted for like a month. I had to go ports and shit. Mhm.
It
creates
city
in
places
like Virginia
and
the rbc.
They
those are
like
the present,
all
of those.
I think I think I read that too. Yeah.
I mean here I was saying we weren't gonna talk politics that we just talked politics for 15 minutes. Yeah, I mean,
thanks.
you know, I think the thing that'll that'll be relieved most of all, no matter what happens after November 30 is like, yeah, you'll still have friends, you know, on your social networks talking politics, but there will be relatively quieter. I mean, overall, like, you know what I mean? Like you always have your activist type of friends, but they're, you know, the regular ones that are just throwing up their support. Now. It's like want science after the third. You know, everybody's been like, all right, let's let's let's move on to other things. I mean, I'm
I'm It's a weird it's a weird time everywhere really. I mean, I was enjoying the NBA bubble, but that's that's about to end one way or the other. I mean, I'm not a big Lebron fan, so I'm kind of rooting for Miami and I'm glad they won last night. Um but I'm, but I'm not like, I figured, I figured, you know, Los Angeles will probably win. And in the end. And the other thing that I'm still trying to figure out is like, well, if if this season just ended, I I heard rumors, they're going to start up in january on martin Luther King Day, which would make sense because you know, with the whole Black Lives matter thing that they're so involved in that, which is good. I'm tired of black people being killed. I really am. Yeah, I mean, I mean do all of them. I haven't read all of the 175 cases that have been presented in the last, you know, five or six years, but you know, most of these people should not be dead and I'm still pissed over the uh Brianna taylor thing. Like I I get it like the cop was shot at first so I kind of understand like what's the cops supposed to sit there and die? Um by the way it is,
she shouldn't be dead. That's that's the bottom line, she shouldn't
be dead. Um To me anyway,
it's
just it's just that man, it's it's so so sad
way
like right
black
people should
be because
all
those
Yeah, I mean
it shouldn't be, I
mean
I
mean
well yeah, I mean I'm just, you know, I I don't think anyone that's a decent person should die. It just seems to be that usually at least the reporting that happens whether they're biased or not. It's it's usually black people like
that too.
everything
on the site.
Everything
like you know I could say that uh you like chocolate. I like vanilla all of a sudden or it's it's like what the hell? Just I think I think and by the way this this didn't start with trump get in the white house. I think how do I put this? I mean I liked Obama but like I can see why a lot of people felt disappointed in the guy. I mean he came in in 2008 and
you know um I remember when he promised but I remember that whole hope and change kind of and then nothing really, you know
But I mean I guess what I'm trying to say is like the system was broken a long time ago and it's just sad that it took all of this this year. Like really highlight the fact how broken the system is. Like why why? Mhm. It shouldn't be that there are people outside, you know, outside of churches and food banks, you know, starving. But like we we have we have jillions of I know God Jillian's isn't a dollar amount, but we have tons and tons of money and like the government just doesn't want to give, you know properly allocated and it just it bothers me. Well, there's the shit out of me. Like, like how many more are we in like seven or 8 right now? They just kept going and going like Afghanistan and Iraq and just uh we we spent, look, I appreciate the military because at least they're they're getting rid of the terrorists that actually behead people. But like I'm just like why are we spending so much on these bases? I don't get it. I mean I get it, but I don't, I just thanks
no
sense.
Yeah, I'm just saying I'm so it's sad, but that's the way it is, It's sad that, you know, people have to work 60 hours a week in order to do, you know, in order to just make rent. Yeah, that's that's I I don't think that's the way that most people 2040 60 years ago with someone or whatever. I mean we're here, we got to make the best of it and I'm kind of looking forward to thanksgiving. I mean was my mother's last holiday, so that's kind of bittersweet about it. But But no, I actually look forward to thanksgiving now the last 15 years that she's been going because it's just at least it's something positive you know? Yeah
no no no high uh Somebody asked me what my best dish was and I said microwave popcorn. Yeah, I usually nail that
delicious right but you know I mean I try not to burn the bag. I mean I still can't believe that people burn the bag. I mean you can set the time for anything you want. Unbelievable. Oh man. Alright let's let's take a look at the clock and we and how we only got seven minutes to go. All right good. I just looked at the okay six minutes and 57 seconds and counting. I mean this is teeny it's good you know I mean I'm sure you have other things to do eventually. Yeah.
Oh
Well yeah but I just I just said o'clock anyway at 30 just they want to go a little bit over the 25 just like they don't invalidate us. So. So what else you got going on other than you being a very successful medical warrior?
No.
Do you
go? I was gonna say do you do you have any plans as to what she's going to dress up as or don't even bother with that?
That's
great. Well I think that's too, you know. Yeah, I'm trying to remember what the hell did I dress up man. One year I was hulk Hogan with a with a fake championship belt and everything because I'm a gigantic wrestling mark. But yeah, no, I I like Halloween and unfortunately that's become politicized too. Uh huh. But yeah. So yeah, we got what, 32 more seconds that we need to be honest. Alright. How do how do we count that? I feel like this is New Years now. 27, 25, It was it was a pleasure talking to you because I've done these studies, you know, every once in a while, you know, because they've offered it multiple times and I'll sit here and nobody shows up and I'm like, wait a minute. They wouldn't pair me with somebody if they weren't gonna show up. So it's like, you know, I enjoy I enjoy talking to you and I hope that I hope that Chicago had some winning teams. I mean the bulls haven't wanted forever, but it feels like forever, right? Uh No.
The
couple with the couple won like five years ago. That
was