SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, wow. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I was I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. You're my chat partner? Mm
SPEAKER_L: Apparently? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: My name is Rebecca, nice to meet whip.
SPEAKER_L: I'm chris it's nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Are you in a
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: dorm room?
SPEAKER_L: no, this is my bedroom. I live with my caregivers,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm disabled
SPEAKER_R: was shocked.
SPEAKER_L: so I guess and it looks like a dorm room I guess.
SPEAKER_R: It reminds me of like everyone like putting up the really nice decorations. My walls are all there. Yeah, that
SPEAKER_L: Well most of mine like all the technicolor stuff. You can see. Those are sticky notes
SPEAKER_R: no. Mm, mm.
SPEAKER_L: with like inspiration
SPEAKER_R: Said
SPEAKER_L: and motivation and all that kind of stuff. And they're they're all over the place. You can see like that entire wall is mostly covered.
SPEAKER_R: it's so nice. Yeah, I got, I got like nothing.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I'm surprised you're actually like, are you, are you in a dorm room?
SPEAKER_R: No, just a small
SPEAKER_L: Has
SPEAKER_R: new york
SPEAKER_L: 100
SPEAKER_R: city apartment.
SPEAKER_L: jaja So why nothing on the walls?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't know. I mean, I guess parents like made
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: me think of college because I was the first thing he like had all those oysters, but then I got married and my husband was like more of a minimalist. So
SPEAKER_L: Gadjah.
SPEAKER_R: we have these that book things and I forgot it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: husband. They do that sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I guess it can be hard to like national new files that you made it work. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well you're making it work. That's good. That's good. I've got two ex husbands under my belt, so couldn't make it work. So tell me a little about you. What do you do when you're not talking to strangers for money?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess this is the first uh so I live in Manhattan. Um
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: I work as a high school teacher currently teaching remotely which is whole experience. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: things are weird now, I mean all the things that I like doing haven't really done them in awhile, usually I like going to museums around the city. Uh let's see restaurants
SPEAKER_L: Girl.
SPEAKER_R: but now it's just watching a lot of movies and tv
SPEAKER_L: Gotcha what subject do you teach?
SPEAKER_R: I teach english, high school english um Yeah it's cool, I like it, we've been doing this like online learning for about a month I guess at this point and going okay. Um Yeah the kids had a lot of difficulty getting set up, some of them are still getting set up, you know a lot of them were waiting for like internet access, they were waiting for your computer to come provided by the deal with. Um it's been a rough transition but in some ways I kind of feel like I'm used to it now, you know I just like post my daily assignments and I can wear pajamas all day so. Uh huh. Yeah I haven't worked.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Um Well I'm disabled so I I work from home you know before all of the craziness anyway um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I'm uh I I do surveys, I do you know conversations like this um for my main source of income that I'm also a mindset and motivation coach and a freelance writer and
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I've got sorry go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: what is being like motivation coach until? Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Um Like helping people figure out what they want to do with their life, what they want to be when they grow up, helping them figure out what goals they want to set and then helping them come up with a plan to actually achieve those goals. Um And helping them with the mindset part, helping them to keep their mindset and mood elevated so that they can um, you know, reach their goals and deal with pitfalls along the way.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's amazing. I feel like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: my brother
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: could.
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, how
SPEAKER_L: Bye guys.
SPEAKER_R: long have you been doing here?
SPEAKER_L: About three years now.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. How do you like find people you need motivation? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well everybody needs a little motivation now and then. So
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: every, um, I posted facebook groups, you know, just like sharing my stuff, sharing. Hey, here's a tip that came
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: up client today, um, or just commenting on other people's stuff. Um, I recently got a client who, I made a comment on some facebook group and a group. We're both in like a month ago and she remembered and came to me and said, hey, can we work together? And I'm like, okay, well how did you find me? She said, I have no idea. I grew up. It was in, but you said blah, blah, blah, blah, blah and it really stuck with me. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: the phrasing,
SPEAKER_L: so apparently I write good stuff.
SPEAKER_R: that's a really important skill. Yeah, I don't think I can confirm. Right?
SPEAKER_L: well I've got three english teachers that I will thank for that and the other is not so much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's how it goes alright. What, where are you like you have to be in the world Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in a town you've never heard of in central Kentucky.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Diana 1 8 times in Kentucky.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you're not missing much. It's okay there.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: I think we've got like 7000 people in town, like complete polar opposite from new york.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I was gonna say it, that's so interesting. So
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: how has the town like that been affected by all the coronavirus stuff? Because things here are crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, we've had I think we've had all of like eight cases
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: But when
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: you go out you see that everybody is doing the social distancing the six ft, everybody is wearing a mask, everybody's like not dragging their kids out with them. You know, for me it's a little like this much different because I'm in a wheelchair and I can't drive myself. So one of my caregiver always like right smack behind me, But aside from that, like everybody's six ft away from everybody else being, you know, really good about it, you know, it's one of those southern small towns where everybody looks out for each other and everybody wants to take care of everybody else. So you know, there's not a whole lot of protests here in town. Now if you want to talk like in Kentucky there's this whole
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: Phyllis nasty group of people protesting at the governor's office or mansion or whatever the governor has in Kentucky. Um And one of our prominent citizens is a ringleader in that group, but nobody likes him because he's a jerk and You know, everybody loves our governor and Kentucky was recently rated the # one state for controlling the pandemic. Like it's one good thing coming out of Kentucky. Really good at pandemics. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And forces, that's the only other thing we're known for horses and bourbon and controlling. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess new york has been not so good at controlling the pandemic. I mean, I don't know, I don't really know, like it all just happened so fast that I remember, you know, when it was announced, felt like there was one case, you know, in Manhattan, like
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: the room.
SPEAKER_R: guy just traveled and then all of a sudden the next day, it was like, okay, now there's 3000 cases and then it's just like skyrocketed from there, but it's like impossible because you're always on top of something In the city, like if you're on the subway, you know, there's 70 people in a subway car, you know? So it's kind of like a I don't know it feels very like apocalypse secure like everything is shut now and um it's just that people are evacuating the city. First of all it is like they're worried like health wise and also
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: because you know now we're paying so much money and runs and like not being able to do anything you know like if I'm sitting in my apartment like why are we paying Manhattan prices? So I think people are like stop letting their apartments and going back with their parents or things like that. Um Yeah my husband's parents said we can come stay with them but that doesn't really seem like a great option. So we're uh we're staying here um keeping busy. I guys watching. No I guess not. Keeping busy. I don't know watching T. V. Uh I didn't get the bucket list of movies to watch. It's just weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What's it normally like living in Manhattan? I mean, I, I'm a small town girl, I grew up in a small town, I'm living in a small town. The biggest city I've ever lived in was Tucson and it's too big. I can't even fathom what big city life is like.
SPEAKER_R: Is. Yeah there's a lot of pros and cons that I grew up on Long Island in the suburbs. So like new york city was always a place we like went to like on the weekends sometimes wanted to meet a friend somewhere like living here is totally different. First of all it's kind of just scary to move here because like you know you're just one of so many people and you don't have a social safety net or you know like any sort of familiarity or anything like that. Um So I guess I was kind of lucky in that a
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: lot of my friends from college also moved here so I knew some people. If I
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: just moved here on my own I would have been so lost. It's like such a big city you know nobody cares
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: about you. You know everyone is just like walking fast all the time. Um But I definitely take for granted sometimes like the access to how many things who have, you know like not even restaurants, you know any cuisine in the world like 24 7 amazing like cocktail bars, things like that. Um Just like having access to so many museums and cultural institutions. Um Like my husband and I wouldn't worry about a year. We've been trying to like you know just every sunday like do something you know go to like the mets or one of Natural History like go to Staten Island Ferry. So there's just a lot of things to do um
SPEAKER_L: Help.
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: in a way
SPEAKER_L: you. Very
SPEAKER_R: you kind of feel guilty like when you don't do them like I'm kind of a home body. Like I like going home. You know, I'm it's always I'm really enjoying I don't want to say enjoying that. I kind of like this whole like shelter
SPEAKER_L: Look
SPEAKER_R: and for
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: you because I don't know, I just feel very comfortable at home, but then you know, you feel yourself
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: like okay you're looking in new york city, you should be able to take advantage of it and doing things. Um
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: care.
SPEAKER_R: guess that's kind of cool, that was after work, you know, we could be like, do you want to see if we can get a last minute tickets to a broadway show and we just go to a show, something like that. Um Yeah, it's fine, but it's also, I don't know, there's just a lot of people and it's hard to kind of keep up with social connections sometimes um because it's not not
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: a small town where everyone knows each other, you have to really like maintain your relationships with people. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's just so a
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: for me,
SPEAKER_R: it's overwhelming. I mean like I said, I kind of put up with with you know, because even like being on Long Island people wanted to go to a museum or something, the secret training and go um so I got I got kind of just used to having all these things to do. Um What about small town life, has that?
SPEAKER_L: it's, it's got its own kind of busy because everybody knows everybody. Yeah. Or everybody is related to everybody. You know, in the small town, I grew up in my family on the flour mill and I look exactly like my dad. So I couldn't go anywhere without somebody saying, how's your dad doing? How's your momma doing? How are your grandparents, what are your cousins up to, what are your brother and sister up to? What are you doing? You know? Um but at the
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: same time it's nice because you know, you can go knock on any door and somebody there will know somebody that you know at the very least and say, hey, I'm,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: you know, I'm chris I'm john and Susie's daughter friends with,
SPEAKER_R: it was,
SPEAKER_L: You know, your neighbor three doors down with their kids and I got a flat tire, my bike, can you help me out and everybody will give you the shirt off their back. I mean there's always the bad element everywhere, you know, you uh the town I grew up in was um highest strength in the state for teen pregnancies And had five known gangs in the town of 13,000 people. Not like, you know, a little small town groups of people banding together. No, we're talking like the bloods, the crips hold things in a small town Because it was right off of I 75 between Detroit and Cincinnati, like halfway in between.
SPEAKER_R: how is it?
SPEAKER_L: Um But aside from that, it was like, God, everybody knows everybody, which is great because you know when you get in a jam, there's always somebody to help you out, but it in time because
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: everybody knows everybody, so when you get into trouble, like everybody knows like that, you know, like I got suspended in high school, my my sophomore year, I had torn the cartilage and ligaments in one knee and had just got enough crutches, was slow getting dressed out of the locker room in gym class. And when my gym teacher made me run laps, I wound up sobbing because it hurts so bad and custom out because of it when I was walking and he told me to keep running it, I
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: cast him out and he told me to, you know, go to the principal's office and my mom was the home a teacher right down the hall. So mom heard about it like right now and told the principal
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: to tell me that I can
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: walk. It's like good mom's right. They're like, oh no, we can't like try and call mom. No, she knows right now. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can imagine being in school and my mom was on the house.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I had mom for a substitute a few times when she was substituting like really weird. Yeah. And they were the church youth group leaders, which is really weird though. My dad did give me permission to call him john instead of dad to make it look like slightly less weird, but that led to its own hilarity because when, you know, another youth leader on a camping trip came out said anybody want more food and I said, yeah, john wants a couple more tacos and she's like john who you know, big guy looks like this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh What sounds nice um let's be nice to be where everyone is close. I know it probably like you know, leads for some annoyance says but uh I kind of miss that feeling I guess like my parents like the advice they gave me like when I went to college and I was really nervous was to like even though you're on a big campus like make it small, you know, like finds your community. So Like for me in college it was like the Jewish community. So like even though it was a whole like 15,000 person campus, you know that was my little group and I guess even in the city like the jewish community is, is nice small uh
SPEAKER_L: Your small town.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So like, you know, even though we're like this first of all over Manhattan, yeah, in a way everyone knows each other, we help each other out things like that. So I guess you really have to find some sort of you know connection like that otherwise you would just like drown in such a big city.
SPEAKER_L: Right, right, So if I can be nosy, can I ask, are you Orthodox reform?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I grew up conservative, which is like in the middle of my husband was Orthodox. So I guess now I'm Orthodox, I mean, so there's like different, I don't know how many juice you have down there in Kentucky, but there's like different. Uh, okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so I'll explain it. There's like different levels of orthodoxy, you know, there's the people with black hats and the, you know, really sick and then like we are what's called modern Orthodoxy. So like I'm wearing a T shirt, you know, in shorts, but we still like fully kosher and they keep the sabbath fully and uh, you know, things like that, it's just like a lot of Orthodox jews are very insular, you know, like they don't mix with secular society, but modern Orthodox, you know, we go to the movies like we have non jewish friends like were remixed into society. We just like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: also follow the laws back home. So it yeah, that's been a transition for sure, but really easy to be jewish in new york city, you know, there's so many kosher restaurants, there's so many like jeans around you synagogues, like understands if you have to take off work for a holiday, so it's nice and it's a really good community, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have a friend in Cleveland who's they do the black hat
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: and the whole deal on sabbath um I guess a conservative Orthodox, I mean I don't think I've ever seen her in a short skirt or a t shirt or anything like that. Mhm. But their kids, when they were younger did for a little while, but they have the God, I'm going to mangle the names, the the sit sit it
SPEAKER_R: you got it.
SPEAKER_L: that you know the under the sure thing. They have the, those, I can't remember the name of the
SPEAKER_R: It really is the parents. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yes, so
SPEAKER_R: so that that's not correct.
SPEAKER_L: they would be Conservative Orthodox I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because
SPEAKER_L: two
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: Ovens
SPEAKER_R: like a
SPEAKER_L: and two Dishwashers. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: yes, that's definitely Orthodox um yeah, it's challenging, but make it work. Um you know, the hard part for me that on the sabbath from friday night to saturday night you're not supposed to use any electricity, so like no phone, no computer, no tv um and like normally it's really nice because like I said, you know we have like our jewish community friends here so we'll just walk to someone's apartment and like we'll have lunch together and we'll talk and most like board games and things like that. But like now that we're all isolating it can be like really boring and lonely, you know, like luckily me and my husband like three, you know, so well they sit on the couch with a book but
SPEAKER_L: Three.
SPEAKER_R: by the end of the 24 hours I'm just like trying to check my phone. Um which kind of like take some of the holiness out of it, you know? But when you can't do with other control and you know talk to people even if it's just like on the computer and it can be hard
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can imagine, I can admit, I mean I'm kind of socially isolated
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: because I can't leave my room without like help. Mm
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like I I can't shower by myself, I can't leave the house by myself, I just can't. Um So I'm socially isolated anyway, but I have all of the internet people to keep me company, so like I'm constantly chatting with somebody uh somewhat, you know across the country, I've got friends in Australia, in the UK. Um so any time, day or night I've got someone to talk to somewhere, you
SPEAKER_R: and I
SPEAKER_L: know, I
SPEAKER_R: need.
SPEAKER_L: without the internet I would I would go nuts and I'm a reader to, I I love reading uh if that was And forced on me that that was all I could do for 24 hours, I think I would go right out of my mind.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's uh it's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: starting to get really old. Um I wonder if that's what you are past is supposed to be about. Like, you know after we have this social connection with somebody, we feel like healthier and working with somebody, I was the whole point is
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that would make sense, that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So um you do a lot of these like online things like surveys and stuff like that,
SPEAKER_L: I do, I generally spend um 8-10 hours a day doing stuff like this.
SPEAKER_R: wow, I have always like had a lot of online makes light hustles, you know, things like that. But now that we're home, I feel like I can devote a lot more time for it and it's really crazy. Like really adds up all these things.
SPEAKER_L: They do, they really do, I do prolific, I do user testing, I do user interviews and I do amazon's mechanical turk, so
SPEAKER_R: I am, I just
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: got into prolific like maybe a month ago, but really we create our user testing. I'm done for a few years. That's like amazing. You know, the $10? Always
SPEAKER_L: I Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: now I can just be in my computer from when I wake up to the end of the diet. It's like really nice. I'm actually gonna miss the, you know, not having to go to work and then obviously have today,
SPEAKER_L: But surely you miss your kids. I
SPEAKER_R: innocent.
SPEAKER_L: love them at least.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Especially the seniors, like, I feel really bad for them because I'm never gonna again. And you know, they really missed out on like, you know, just like the ends of their high school experience. It just came so suddenly, you know, that we had school on friday. And then over the weekends, the mayor was like, alright, schools are closed for the next five weeks and then like after five weeks, he was like, yeah, okay there disclosed for the rest of the year. And so they had no closure, you know, like no, like saying goodbye to each other. Like the junior is in other grades. It will come back next year, so whatever, but the seniors just ended
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: so abruptly for them and that's kind of sad. I I do miss them, you know? But I also like enjoy this a long time. Um The classroom management is by far the hardest and you know, as someone who's more like introverted, it's really nice to not have the whole like controlling an unruly classroom experience, but that's all this loud sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I taught junior achievement classes for a couple of years. Mm the classroom management, I can totally relate. I'm an introvert. Um Though I don't play one on TV and for me, like the kids that would get, you know, raucous and unruly and and everything, I was like, just, you know, like because
SPEAKER_R: I was like a very
SPEAKER_L: chill.
SPEAKER_R: quiet, well, very respectful, like really shy. Um so it's like foreign to me, you know, for kids who are just like blatantly disrespectful to the teacher, I'm like, what? Like, like teachers, like how do you talk about ways towards them? But yeah, like I said you're not bad kids, I like them a lot, but it is nice to have a break.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The kid on the other side of that wall, um, is a senior this year, so he's missing out on like in your prom and spring break and graduation of course. Um, so somebody in town did set up like, uh, photo booth kind of deal Um, in the city square downtown where there's this backdrop with balloons and then it says 2020 seniors. Uh, yeah, you can drive your kid down there and take some pictures and come back home.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. That's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. For some sort of senior pictures, you know. But of course the for real Z's senior pictures is all shut down. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, I've
SPEAKER_L: Different.
SPEAKER_R: heard of, you know, school is trying to like make it up in a way, but you know, it's not just it's not the same. All right. Well, it's been 25
SPEAKER_L: I am
SPEAKER_R: minutes. So it was a nice conversation, though. I enjoyed it.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. So did I. And it was nice meeting. You
SPEAKER_R: You too? All right.
SPEAKER_L: have a great day.
SPEAKER_R: So it yes. Okay. You close this one down now.
SPEAKER_L: I think we do
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Nice to meet you. Stay safe.