Hey, how are you?
Good. You're my chat partner? Mm
My name is Rebecca, nice to meet whip.
Mhm. Are you in a
dorm room?
I
was shocked.
It reminds me of like everyone like putting up the really nice decorations. My walls are all there. Yeah, that
no. Mm, mm.
Said
it's so nice. Yeah, I got, I got like nothing.
No, just a small
new york
city apartment.
Yeah, I don't know. I mean, I guess parents like made
me think of college because I was the first thing he like had all those oysters, but then I got married and my husband was like more of a minimalist. So
we have these that book things and I forgot it. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I guess it can be hard to like national new files that you made it work. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, I guess this is the first uh so I live in Manhattan. Um
I work as a high school teacher currently teaching remotely which is whole experience. Um Yeah
things are weird now, I mean all the things that I like doing haven't really done them in awhile, usually I like going to museums around the city. Uh let's see restaurants
but now it's just watching a lot of movies and tv
I teach english, high school english um Yeah it's cool, I like it, we've been doing this like online learning for about a month I guess at this point and going okay. Um Yeah the kids had a lot of difficulty getting set up, some of them are still getting set up, you know a lot of them were waiting for like internet access, they were waiting for your computer to come provided by the deal with. Um it's been a rough transition but in some ways I kind of feel like I'm used to it now, you know I just like post my daily assignments and I can wear pajamas all day so. Uh huh. Yeah I haven't worked.
Mhm
But
what is being like motivation coach until? Mhm
wow, that's amazing. I feel like
my brother
could.
Oh my God, how
long have you been doing here?
Cool. How do you like find people you need motivation? Yeah.
that's true. Yeah.
Thank you.
and
the phrasing,
that's a really important skill. Yeah, I don't think I can confirm. Right?
Yeah that's how it goes alright. What, where are you like you have to be in the world Okay.
Oh yeah. Diana 1 8 times in Kentucky.
that's cool.
yeah I was gonna say it, that's so interesting. So
how has the town like that been affected by all the coronavirus stuff? Because things here are crazy.
well
what?
Well,
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess new york has been not so good at controlling the pandemic. I mean, I don't know, I don't really know, like it all just happened so fast that I remember, you know, when it was announced, felt like there was one case, you know, in Manhattan, like
some
guy just traveled and then all of a sudden the next day, it was like, okay, now there's 3000 cases and then it's just like skyrocketed from there, but it's like impossible because you're always on top of something In the city, like if you're on the subway, you know, there's 70 people in a subway car, you know? So it's kind of like a I don't know it feels very like apocalypse secure like everything is shut now and um it's just that people are evacuating the city. First of all it is like they're worried like health wise and also
because you know now we're paying so much money and runs and like not being able to do anything you know like if I'm sitting in my apartment like why are we paying Manhattan prices? So I think people are like stop letting their apartments and going back with their parents or things like that. Um Yeah my husband's parents said we can come stay with them but that doesn't really seem like a great option. So we're uh we're staying here um keeping busy. I guys watching. No I guess not. Keeping busy. I don't know watching T. V. Uh I didn't get the bucket list of movies to watch. It's just weird.
Is. Yeah there's a lot of pros and cons that I grew up on Long Island in the suburbs. So like new york city was always a place we like went to like on the weekends sometimes wanted to meet a friend somewhere like living here is totally different. First of all it's kind of just scary to move here because like you know you're just one of so many people and you don't have a social safety net or you know like any sort of familiarity or anything like that. Um So I guess I was kind of lucky in that a
lot of my friends from college also moved here so I knew some people. If I
just moved here on my own I would have been so lost. It's like such a big city you know nobody cares
about you. You know everyone is just like walking fast all the time. Um But I definitely take for granted sometimes like the access to how many things who have, you know like not even restaurants, you know any cuisine in the world like 24 7 amazing like cocktail bars, things like that. Um Just like having access to so many museums and cultural institutions. Um Like my husband and I wouldn't worry about a year. We've been trying to like you know just every sunday like do something you know go to like the mets or one of Natural History like go to Staten Island Ferry. So there's just a lot of things to do um
Like
in a way
you kind of feel guilty like when you don't do them like I'm kind of a home body. Like I like going home. You know, I'm it's always I'm really enjoying I don't want to say enjoying that. I kind of like this whole like shelter
and for
you because I don't know, I just feel very comfortable at home, but then you know, you feel yourself
like okay you're looking in new york city, you should be able to take advantage of it and doing things. Um
So
I
guess that's kind of cool, that was after work, you know, we could be like, do you want to see if we can get a last minute tickets to a broadway show and we just go to a show, something like that. Um Yeah, it's fine, but it's also, I don't know, there's just a lot of people and it's hard to kind of keep up with social connections sometimes um because it's not not
a small town where everyone knows each other, you have to really like maintain your relationships with people. Yeah,
it's
it's overwhelming. I mean like I said, I kind of put up with with you know, because even like being on Long Island people wanted to go to a museum or something, the secret training and go um so I got I got kind of just used to having all these things to do. Um What about small town life, has that?
What?
Well
it was,
how is it?
good.
Well,
or
well,
Yeah, I can imagine being in school and my mom was on the house.
Yeah. Uh huh What sounds nice um let's be nice to be where everyone is close. I know it probably like you know, leads for some annoyance says but uh I kind of miss that feeling I guess like my parents like the advice they gave me like when I went to college and I was really nervous was to like even though you're on a big campus like make it small, you know, like finds your community. So Like for me in college it was like the Jewish community. So like even though it was a whole like 15,000 person campus, you know that was my little group and I guess even in the city like the jewish community is, is nice small uh
Yeah. So like, you know, even though we're like this first of all over Manhattan, yeah, in a way everyone knows each other, we help each other out things like that. So I guess you really have to find some sort of you know connection like that otherwise you would just like drown in such a big city.
Yeah. So I grew up conservative, which is like in the middle of my husband was Orthodox. So I guess now I'm Orthodox, I mean, so there's like different, I don't know how many juice you have down there in Kentucky, but there's like different. Uh, okay,
so I'll explain it. There's like different levels of orthodoxy, you know, there's the people with black hats and the, you know, really sick and then like we are what's called modern Orthodoxy. So like I'm wearing a T shirt, you know, in shorts, but we still like fully kosher and they keep the sabbath fully and uh, you know, things like that, it's just like a lot of Orthodox jews are very insular, you know, like they don't mix with secular society, but modern Orthodox, you know, we go to the movies like we have non jewish friends like were remixed into society. We just like
also follow the laws back home. So it yeah, that's been a transition for sure, but really easy to be jewish in new york city, you know, there's so many kosher restaurants, there's so many like jeans around you synagogues, like understands if you have to take off work for a holiday, so it's nice and it's a really good community, so
and
you got it.
It really is the parents. Yeah,
so that that's not correct.
Yeah, because
it's
like a
yes, that's definitely Orthodox um yeah, it's challenging, but make it work. Um you know, the hard part for me that on the sabbath from friday night to saturday night you're not supposed to use any electricity, so like no phone, no computer, no tv um and like normally it's really nice because like I said, you know we have like our jewish community friends here so we'll just walk to someone's apartment and like we'll have lunch together and we'll talk and most like board games and things like that. But like now that we're all isolating it can be like really boring and lonely, you know, like luckily me and my husband like three, you know, so well they sit on the couch with a book but
by the end of the 24 hours I'm just like trying to check my phone. Um which kind of like take some of the holiness out of it, you know? But when you can't do with other control and you know talk to people even if it's just like on the computer and it can be hard
of
Right.
and I
need.
Yeah. It's uh it's
starting to get really old. Um I wonder if that's what you are past is supposed to be about. Like, you know after we have this social connection with somebody, we feel like healthier and working with somebody, I was the whole point is
Yeah. So um you do a lot of these like online things like surveys and stuff like that,
wow, I have always like had a lot of online makes light hustles, you know, things like that. But now that we're home, I feel like I can devote a lot more time for it and it's really crazy. Like really adds up all these things.
I am, I just
got into prolific like maybe a month ago, but really we create our user testing. I'm done for a few years. That's like amazing. You know, the $10? Always
now I can just be in my computer from when I wake up to the end of the diet. It's like really nice. I'm actually gonna miss the, you know, not having to go to work and then obviously have today,
innocent.
Yeah. Especially the seniors, like, I feel really bad for them because I'm never gonna again. And you know, they really missed out on like, you know, just like the ends of their high school experience. It just came so suddenly, you know, that we had school on friday. And then over the weekends, the mayor was like, alright, schools are closed for the next five weeks and then like after five weeks, he was like, yeah, okay there disclosed for the rest of the year. And so they had no closure, you know, like no, like saying goodbye to each other. Like the junior is in other grades. It will come back next year, so whatever, but the seniors just ended
so abruptly for them and that's kind of sad. I I do miss them, you know? But I also like enjoy this a long time. Um The classroom management is by far the hardest and you know, as someone who's more like introverted, it's really nice to not have the whole like controlling an unruly classroom experience, but that's all this loud sometimes.
I was like a very
quiet, well, very respectful, like really shy. Um so it's like foreign to me, you know, for kids who are just like blatantly disrespectful to the teacher, I'm like, what? Like, like teachers, like how do you talk about ways towards them? But yeah, like I said you're not bad kids, I like them a lot, but it is nice to have a break.
Uh huh. That's nice.
Right. Yeah, I've
heard of, you know, school is trying to like make it up in a way, but you know, it's not just it's not the same. All right. Well, it's been 25
minutes. So it was a nice conversation, though. I enjoyed it.
You too? All right.
So it yes. Okay. You close this one down now.
Okay. Nice to meet you. Stay safe.