Mhm. Yeah, wow. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
I was I'm good, how are you?
Apparently? Yeah.
I'm chris it's nice to meet you.
So
no, this is my bedroom. I live with my caregivers,
I'm disabled
so I guess and it looks like a dorm room I guess.
Well most of mine like all the technicolor stuff. You can see. Those are sticky notes
with like inspiration
and motivation and all that kind of stuff. And they're they're all over the place. You can see like that entire wall is mostly covered.
Uh huh. I'm surprised you're actually like, are you, are you in a dorm room?
Has
100
jaja So why nothing on the walls?
All
Gadjah.
husband. They do that sometimes.
Well you're making it work. That's good. That's good. I've got two ex husbands under my belt, so couldn't make it work. So tell me a little about you. What do you do when you're not talking to strangers for money?
are
Uh huh.
Girl.
Gotcha what subject do you teach?
yeah. Um Well I'm disabled so I I work from home you know before all of the craziness anyway um
I'm uh I I do surveys, I do you know conversations like this um for my main source of income that I'm also a mindset and motivation coach and a freelance writer and
I've got sorry go ahead.
Um Like helping people figure out what they want to do with their life, what they want to be when they grow up, helping them figure out what goals they want to set and then helping them come up with a plan to actually achieve those goals. Um And helping them with the mindset part, helping them to keep their mindset and mood elevated so that they can um, you know, reach their goals and deal with pitfalls along the way.
I
love
it,
Bye guys.
About three years now.
Well everybody needs a little motivation now and then. So
I'm
every, um, I posted facebook groups, you know, just like sharing my stuff, sharing. Hey, here's a tip that came
up client today, um, or just commenting on other people's stuff. Um, I recently got a client who, I made a comment on some facebook group and a group. We're both in like a month ago and she remembered and came to me and said, hey, can we work together? And I'm like, okay, well how did you find me? She said, I have no idea. I grew up. It was in, but you said blah, blah, blah, blah, blah and it really stuck with me. Oh,
so apparently I write good stuff.
well I've got three english teachers that I will thank for that and the other is not so much.
I'm in a town you've never heard of in central Kentucky.
Yeah, you're not missing much. It's okay there.
I think we've got like 7000 people in town, like complete polar opposite from new york.
No.
Mhm. Yeah, we've had I think we've had all of like eight cases
But when
you go out you see that everybody is doing the social distancing the six ft, everybody is wearing a mask, everybody's like not dragging their kids out with them. You know, for me it's a little like this much different because I'm in a wheelchair and I can't drive myself. So one of my caregiver always like right smack behind me, But aside from that, like everybody's six ft away from everybody else being, you know, really good about it, you know, it's one of those southern small towns where everybody looks out for each other and everybody wants to take care of everybody else. So you know, there's not a whole lot of protests here in town. Now if you want to talk like in Kentucky there's this whole
Phyllis nasty group of people protesting at the governor's office or mansion or whatever the governor has in Kentucky. Um And one of our prominent citizens is a ringleader in that group, but nobody likes him because he's a jerk and You know, everybody loves our governor and Kentucky was recently rated the # one state for controlling the pandemic. Like it's one good thing coming out of Kentucky. Really good at pandemics. Yeah.
And forces, that's the only other thing we're known for horses and bourbon and controlling. Thanks.
In
the room.
Well.
Yeah. What's it normally like living in Manhattan? I mean, I, I'm a small town girl, I grew up in a small town, I'm living in a small town. The biggest city I've ever lived in was Tucson and it's too big. I can't even fathom what big city life is like.
What?
Great.
No.
Help.
Thank
you. Very
Look
there
it
I
don't
care.
no.
that's just so a
for me,
it's, it's got its own kind of busy because everybody knows everybody. Yeah. Or everybody is related to everybody. You know, in the small town, I grew up in my family on the flour mill and I look exactly like my dad. So I couldn't go anywhere without somebody saying, how's your dad doing? How's your momma doing? How are your grandparents, what are your cousins up to, what are your brother and sister up to? What are you doing? You know? Um but at the
same time it's nice because you know, you can go knock on any door and somebody there will know somebody that you know at the very least and say, hey, I'm,
you know, I'm chris I'm john and Susie's daughter friends with,
You know, your neighbor three doors down with their kids and I got a flat tire, my bike, can you help me out and everybody will give you the shirt off their back. I mean there's always the bad element everywhere, you know, you uh the town I grew up in was um highest strength in the state for teen pregnancies And had five known gangs in the town of 13,000 people. Not like, you know, a little small town groups of people banding together. No, we're talking like the bloods, the crips hold things in a small town Because it was right off of I 75 between Detroit and Cincinnati, like halfway in between.
Um But aside from that, it was like, God, everybody knows everybody, which is great because you know when you get in a jam, there's always somebody to help you out, but it in time because
everybody knows everybody, so when you get into trouble, like everybody knows like that, you know, like I got suspended in high school, my my sophomore year, I had torn the cartilage and ligaments in one knee and had just got enough crutches, was slow getting dressed out of the locker room in gym class. And when my gym teacher made me run laps, I wound up sobbing because it hurts so bad and custom out because of it when I was walking and he told me to keep running it, I
cast him out and he told me to, you know, go to the principal's office and my mom was the home a teacher right down the hall. So mom heard about it like right now and told the principal
to tell me that I can
walk. It's like good mom's right. They're like, oh no, we can't like try and call mom. No, she knows right now. Mhm.
Yeah. I mean I had mom for a substitute a few times when she was substituting like really weird. Yeah. And they were the church youth group leaders, which is really weird though. My dad did give me permission to call him john instead of dad to make it look like slightly less weird, but that led to its own hilarity because when, you know, another youth leader on a camping trip came out said anybody want more food and I said, yeah, john wants a couple more tacos and she's like john who you know, big guy looks like this.
Your small town.
Right, right, So if I can be nosy, can I ask, are you Orthodox reform?
Yeah.
No.
Yeah, I have a friend in Cleveland who's they do the black hat
and the whole deal on sabbath um I guess a conservative Orthodox, I mean I don't think I've ever seen her in a short skirt or a t shirt or anything like that. Mhm. But their kids, when they were younger did for a little while, but they have the God, I'm going to mangle the names, the the sit sit it
that you know the under the sure thing. They have the, those, I can't remember the name of the
yes, so
they would be Conservative Orthodox I think. Yeah.
two
Ovens
and two Dishwashers. Yes.
Three.
Yeah, I can imagine, I can admit, I mean I'm kind of socially isolated
because I can't leave my room without like help. Mm
Yeah, like I I can't shower by myself, I can't leave the house by myself, I just can't. Um So I'm socially isolated anyway, but I have all of the internet people to keep me company, so like I'm constantly chatting with somebody uh somewhat, you know across the country, I've got friends in Australia, in the UK. Um so any time, day or night I've got someone to talk to somewhere, you
know, I
without the internet I would I would go nuts and I'm a reader to, I I love reading uh if that was And forced on me that that was all I could do for 24 hours, I think I would go right out of my mind.
What?
Yeah. Yeah, that would make sense, that makes sense.
I do, I generally spend um 8-10 hours a day doing stuff like this.
They do, they really do, I do prolific, I do user testing, I do user interviews and I do amazon's mechanical turk, so
Hey,
I Yeah.
But surely you miss your kids. I
love them at least.
And
Yeah, I I taught junior achievement classes for a couple of years. Mm the classroom management, I can totally relate. I'm an introvert. Um Though I don't play one on TV and for me, like the kids that would get, you know, raucous and unruly and and everything, I was like, just, you know, like because
chill.
Yeah. The kid on the other side of that wall, um, is a senior this year, so he's missing out on like in your prom and spring break and graduation of course. Um, so somebody in town did set up like, uh, photo booth kind of deal Um, in the city square downtown where there's this backdrop with balloons and then it says 2020 seniors. Uh, yeah, you can drive your kid down there and take some pictures and come back home.
Yeah. For some sort of senior pictures, you know. But of course the for real Z's senior pictures is all shut down. Mm.
Different.
I am
absolutely. So did I. And it was nice meeting. You
have a great day.
I think we do