Mhm. Mm. This is mhm. Yeah. Oh yes. What's the matter with you? So given the, but now is so excited mentioned the way it looks. I'll ask my doctors to see if general. Yeah. I think almost a second and stuff. Sheryl this accident. This one. Yeah. It's the hospital. What's the change in the company's let's start so details but it's worse. Okay. Well damn it. Okay. Everything. Yeah. What is it? What? How dare you after attachment to get. Yeah. Crickets. Sure you let yourself. Yes. Mhm. What? Okay. Funny people suck. A lot of reservations. Nothing. They couldn't sit on his predictions stand up because I'm in love with. This is a really special this it's simple right now. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh well that came from so okay. Schools okay. Your trip on the street perhaps. True. A little better those. Yes. You know someone's mother you shift at the hospital. Mhm. Yes. So one day Chase Love trip bar incensed. It's off. Yeah.
All right. Yeah. Hello?
How's it going?
Yes, pretty good. Just, you know, staying in because you can't go nowhere.
Where are you at?
North Carolina.
Mhm.
Nice. Do you remember what part?
I'm
in
sharp.
Yes, I'm in charlotte,
but I have family in Arizona. Mhm, yep.
There they're in Scottsdale, but there's also a family ranch in Patagonia.
Fun.
Okay. About as long as quarantine like
I knew about it, but it's an easy way to make some extra stuff during what's normally downtime. Like
usually
for the, usually for the surveys, I kind of do them after I get back from a run or something when I'm kind of cooling down anyway. That's how this one like. Yeah, I'll do a conversation for $15. Mhm.
that's a long time.
Oh
yeah, I've gotten so much done during quarantine on prolific. I can't even believe it. So are you having the work from home or are you able to go out and go to work? Like what's that situation for you over there?
Nice. What do you do?
Um I have had to go into work every day. It was really nice during the heavy shut down because the roads were empty Now people are trickling back onto the roads and it's not in any type of like public forward facing position. So I wasn't really mad about having to go in.
Oh
No, I'm an engineer for pharmaceutical manufacturer. Yeah.
So it's like a manufacturing site and I do a lot of behind the scenes paperwork for how we manufacture the dress. So
pretty
about a year and a half. And before that I worked as a chemist in pharmaceuticals for about seven years. Yeah.
I went to college of charleston. Yes.
It is the best place ever. They just don't have any of my career there, so. Mhm.
Yes. And also there's not, I feel like there's not a lot of scientists that come out of the college of charleston. It's a big business and communications school. Like my graduating class for the whole year was like 3000 or something. My major had 14 people. It's a very small part of the school.
Okay. I originally wanted to do it because I wanted to go to dental school and it just kind of covered all the prerequisites. And by the time dental school rolled around on top of having complex residency issues which impacts your acceptance because like every state school it's like there's 100 spots for in state students. Three spots for our to stay. Um I wasn't sure if I wanted to do it because I kind of lack empathy and to be in that type of thing, You need to have empathy and patient relationships and things. It was actually my mother that pointed that out to me after I decided not to go. She was like, I never thought with that because you don't have empathy for other people and my thanks mom. Thank you. Yeah, this with the words you go to school.
Okay. Are you originally from Arizona and like went to school there lived there?
fun. I am from rural, a very small town in Iowa. Yeah. So I kind of hopped all over the place. Yeah.
Most of my family lives there. My parents live in Alabama now so I don't go back to Iowa a whole lot, but I still have to sometimes I'm still trying to get everyone off of the going back during christmas thing because why would you want to go to Iowa in december? It's cold and miserable. Um But so I do go back sometimes. Yeah. Not really my favorite thing. Yeah.
So
Yeah I have family that lives in Scottsdale. Yeah.
Oh yeah like anywhere else. I'm trying to get destination holidays. A few years ago when I first started making inroads on this, it was thanksgiving but we rented a beach house in florida for a week for
just like our family and it was like this eight bedroom beach house for my parents, me and my brother and his girlfriend and it was the best thing ever and
so
I'm trying to do, get them to do more things like that or I told them if they bought me a townhouse here with three bedrooms, I could just host the holidays here where it's warm because they're in Alabama and no one wants to go to Alabama and my brother is in Iowa and I basically only, what if my parents find my plane ticket like I'm 30 years old and I still will not go to Iowa on my own dime.
Uh how how I told my parents and while they're okay with that, like I'm already giving you the PTO for it. So pt
Pcs and limited resource. If you're thinking about PTO for Iowa, you're paying for my flight and probably my hotel.
Yeah. I mean, I don't know if that's cool but it's, it's what it is. Do you have siblings
dice?
Nice. I'm the baby of the family and of the extended family because my mom's a baby. So right
there's that. I
mean, um, I mean, not really on my dad's side, I have two cousins and on my mom's side I have, yeah, 12, but most of them have Children now. So I'm not the baby on that side anymore, but I don't count their Children, so, wow. Okay. Mhm.
Good. No,
but
that's nice. Our family is pretty small and we have actively like trimmed the family tree over the last five years, I would say. So not a big family here. Yeah.
Mm.
It's been the most amazing thing ever. Like I just sleep and cook and go to work and exercise. I don't have to deal with drama and I've been drinking a lot less and I'm not staying out all night. It has been wonderful. I know, I know that's like the opposite of how most people have seen it. But for me it was like basically
a forced rehab. So, so I have been utilizing the time to myself.
How about you? Have you been making some banana bread, doing some quarantine? Bacon?
Yeah.
No.
fine. Mhm.
It's just doing the eggs the right way.
Nice.
I realized that Uber eats was a lot more of my life than I ever wanted it to be when quarantine happened because I actually started paying attention to how much I spent on it and I'm like holy shit, I spend like four months worth of groceries on Uber eats per month. Uh huh.
That needs to stop, I actually stopped that, deleted it because I'm like this is insane one day. So they gave me this like free 30 day trial of the Uber eats past thing where if you spend $15 it's free delivery, even though everything else is more expensive. I got a burger and fries from shake Shack and it
was $27 before tip. I'm like how the f. Is that that this is this is a scam and I am deleting you from my phone $2027 for shake Shack.
And I wasn't even hung over. If I had been hung over, it would have been different. Which
I
think is why it's always skated through on my phone because it told the need. Mhm. But
it's insane.
Yeah. I mean, I don't know if it's self control because I haven't been in a situation where I have the potential to over drink around people. The real test will be when the world opens up again. Oh.
So we are currently in phase one of reopening which is basically still recommended to stay at home except now, instead of just like grocery stores and stuff being open, all retail stores can open as long as they have increased like sanitation procedures and I think it's 25% like they can only operate at 25% of their former capacity as far as
patrons. Um restaurants are still take out, only bars can sell like cocktail to go kits. So like I think they can even sell you the liquor, it just has to be separate from the mixed part of the drink in a sealed container, which to me makes no sense. But it's still all these antiquated bible belt alcohol laws um like theaters are so closed. Um parts opened up, but like volleyball courts are closed. Basketball courts are closed, You can't reserve any of the courts from the county tennis courts are open. Um They're still planning on phase two opening May 22nd, which will be when salons can open and restaurants, dining rooms can open and that stuff can open but I reduced capacity. Um So I kind of hope it does happen because my birthday
is the 23rd and I would like to go get a drink somewhere like just in the middle of the day or something, but that being said, I also don't really have the impetuous to go to a bar that only going to have 20 people max in it and where a mask, like the point of a bar is drinking, which a mask inhibits that. And also like going between groups of people. So like I understand why a face reopening so all those businesses can start to make money, but I don't see why you would want to be there. So
I'm fine not going out again until it's full socialization, which is probably going to be like in april of 2021 if we're going to be on this because they were going to have the second wave and so like shit is not going to get normal. Excuse my language, I get animated, should
not get normal until like april at the earliest and
I will also never be used to wearing masks. Mhm.
I mean, I think there's three big things that they're going to be required for things to get back to normal and that's a vaccine
which they keep saying is just around the corner. But
as a scientist, I can tell you the earliest we're going to have a commercially available vaccine and that if it works, is next summer because look how long it took to make the first flu vaccine. They're still not an HIV vaccine. They're just getting hepatitis vaccines. Like
it's
not something you can just magically make happen. Um And then also the second thing is a treatment that's effective. That's not hydroxychloroquine because that doesn't work. Um but Remdesivir from Gilead is coming out of its first clinical trials and it has shown like amazing statistics. So I think there's a very strong chance that that will be valid treatment you and that could be commercial scale by the fall. So that will help out I think because once it's approved it will be easy for them to scale up because also they'll probably let others sterile injectable sites manufacture it under certain contracts where they can't steal it, but they can manufacture it to make supply for it. Uh So I think that will start to be in place by the fall. And like the remdesivir studies, like once they get the first injection of it, the virus has been removed from their body within like 48 hours, like
that's that's like a real cure. Um So that'll be interesting. And then like I said, vaccine probably in the spring, but then also just the
amount of both testing and antibody testing needs to be at a much much higher level. Like the testing rate nationally right now is like 30,000 per million residents. It needs to it needs to be like 950,000 per million residents to actually have an accurate assessment of what this virus is doing. So kind of those three things I think or what it's gonna take. Mhm.
So that's my personal thing.
Uh huh. And people need to wear masks in public and not take guns into legislatures.
And
like one of the things I think it's funny is so there's like the reopened north Carolina group or whatever that's been processing the last few weeks and two days before the big reopened Mecklenburg County on charlotte and Mecklenburg County, the person leading it was hospitalized with Covid and I'm just like can't make this up,
you
should
know, you should know better. Mhm It's just insane to me and like um my mom works in healthcare so I get some sides of that and like some of the things people just saying you were insane, but here is common sense or all these people protesting Costco because they're requiring you to wear a mask, but they're the same ones who are like bakery can decline cakes for whoever they want but they can't tell me to wear a mask. It's all or nothing for me, it's all
or nothing like I'm fine with bakery selling people, whatever. But if the store wants me to wear a mask in it, I have to do what the soul wants because that's the president we've established and I'm okay with that.
Or like all the church stuff because I live like two miles away from the billy Graham library. So like the super evangelical billy Graham bullshit. So like charlotte is center of all that evangelical craziness
and
they're just
good. Like that's that's like my national holiday. Yeah,
because
they're just, they're just insane. And I think it's lets him it's one of his kids, his kids are insane. It's
just
crazy the things they say and do. And there is one, I don't remember where he was from, but he was like telling his congregation, pay me $1000 now, saying a prayer to God to protect you from the covid. I'm like, that's not how it works.
So
what works?
Right. I think it was, it was either north Carolina and Georgia. So you know what I'm talking about, It
was probably north Carolina or Georgia. Also, I'm wearing a hat because I need my covid haircut.
Usually
I usually get a heritage every three weeks. It has been 12 weeks.
So
like for everything else, I'm like, I'm not going in public again until everything's like fully opened and good. But I was defaming my salon manager the other day and was like, what do I gotta do to be on the top of that list because my hair is so long and about to name my wig. I need to get in there a sap. Mhm.
growth already told my boss that when the salons open, I'm probably leaving in the middle of the day to go get my haircut and coming back and not putting in PTO for it because I'm salaried.
And also usually they feed me wine and I will probably still drink wine if they offer it, even if
I have to go back to work,
I
feel like they're probably not going to offer it because of everything going on, but we're going to find out.
I mean I pay for it at the end, but
but yeah, no, it's nice one time they got me wasted waiting because the person before we were going over and the girl filled me like three wine glasses this full.
Yeah, they got they got they got me pretty good that day. Fun stuff. Uh
Uh huh.
Yeah, it's been 25 minutes.
he's nice chatting with you. We never even exchange names. My name is Kyle from
charlotte. It was nice to interact with you, draft happy quarantine. Yeah.