the way mitch McConnell and donald trump instead of crushing the virus, they're trying to crush the affordable care act and it's pretty benefit.
It's
difficult.
Sure I had respect the facts for working families and the women and protected get that written into his policies toward our health and our lives, not just his conduct but we know what he doesn't that when women succeed, America succeeds and so we are unleashing the power of women to take our rightful place in our national life by champion Women's right to choose defending.
Yeah. To have an affordable child.
Oh I am watching the democratic convention.
I'm just praying to God that somebody with a brain winds those
fights
waiting
for president Obama to speak. You know I like to always listen to him. You know a good speaker, right?
is excellent too. I wish you would run for president. She's probably
smart
probably. You know what I mean?
yeah. She's I just think she's awesome. You know I would I would love to see her I think trump's asked, you know
what
I mean? I just love to see that you know them too in the debate would be epic.
Where are you from?
I
cannot remember
if I've never been to Wisconsin or not. It's
to know people from Wisconsin, but I don't remember, he used to live in Kansas and that's not way far away is it?
Yeah. Yeah because they drove down from Wisconsin can some reason I don't even remember what it was for but that they brought me cheese, that's all I knew.
You
know
Connecticut
Connecticut maple maple cert, that's what are Yeah.
Um Not really. I mean I just know that they make it here because they were talking about it on the news, you know about how the changes in the climate, the trees, the sap wasn't running when it was supposed to be or something. I don't know I thought Vermont was the maple syrup people but I guess we kind of are too, I don't know,
I
can't think of anything else that we've known for. A friend in 19
New England Patriots maybe and not anybody, not very many people like them. So
they call them all cheaters happened
by the coast. Yeah.
Yeah, I like it on the coast. Just the snow is bad here, you know
this is water. What? Huh.
Your
old, it's too cold.
Great. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. You know you don't get to where I live where on Long Island sound, you don't the atlantic to get into Rhode island And uh you know it's not that far, it's maybe 20 minutes away but then you get actual ocean up there so it's better up there. But I wouldn't swim in the sound. Yeah. Now
you never know if there's a body floating around someone.
I
don't
fire from Taylor Swift. I
don't live far from Taylor Swift.
He
lives in Watch Hill, Rhode Island. Yeah.
Yeah. And Mystic, everybody, everybody who's ever heard of has ever seen the movie? Mystic Pizza. That's where Yeah. Mystic is like a little, I don't know, it's like a little touristy town and there's an actual pizza shop in there called Mystic Pizza. And they made a movie around Mystic Pizza. Had no idea. I've never even seen the movie honestly.
But she bought a house up there and watch Hill. So it's along the ocean. You know, you
like, you know, it's funny because you can always tell when she's in town because there's like photographers everywhere, you know? Yeah. You know, you can't you can't go in domestic when she's there. They're
always trying
they're always trying to capture, you know,
they
travel up from new york city. Yeah,
If
they
get an idea
that,
you
know, anybody is out and about, you know, because like on the radio sometimes when I'm driving and I'll say because um, what's his name, steven Tyler lives in Rhode island to and he comes down to the casino when it comes down to some of the outlet marks here and they always announce it on the radio, which of course then creates a swarm of people, you know? Yeah. Well, CFO, we've had a steven Tyler citing, you know, cracks me up. My ex used to work at the Reebok out there and he met Harrison Ford and kevin Bacon, you know, all kinds of different people. So,
you know, they all work at like, they do their movies and whatever they do in new york and then they have houses in Connecticut, you
have the very rich people and the very poor people. And I follow the far end.
I can't even imagine having all that money.
I mean like challenge draft seriously. She more money than she will ever spend. Yeah, proper police.
Nothing
too someday.
I
Not
even
just
be able to go out and have a pizza somewhere without causing a stir. That must be awful. It's considered,
well, you know, I don't, if I see somebody like that, I leave them alone. Unless they're open to it. If they're open to speaking to you, that's one thing. But if they're having a private dinner or they're, you know, they're out shopping or trying
to enjoy their day. I'm not going to interfere. I might say, hey, you know, just say that, recognize that. I recognize them, but probably it
went
up.
They destroyed my thanks.
I
certainly wouldn't.
For one, you know, some people are very obnoxious. You know, I live near the casino, I live near Fox Woods and you give sense. So they have concerts and things and sometimes like those people will come out gino floor after their show. You know, usually like 23 o'clock in the morning um, what's his name, bon Jovi? Yeah, he's known for that will come out to the casino floor and walk around, talk to people. He's very open and friendly and I used to know, but then there's other of them that they don't want to be bothered with you myself, then why do you come out on the casino floor if you don't want to be bossed? You know, that kind of, you know, you have to understand that people are going to react. I mean They're not expecting to see you maybe in 19
and
then they're gonna freak out when they do see you, you know?
Miley Cyrus.
Miley Cyrus character, isn't she?
Miley Cyrus? She's a character.
She certainly has. She broke up with the latest guy that she's with. I saw. I don't understand why she can't seem to find anybody that she's happy with or maybe she's just gonna you know flip from one to the next and stay that way. I don't know. I guess I can't say much better because I don't have a man either. But you know I mean, I don't think it's necessary nowadays. Um
You
know it's kind of like that old rule that my mother used to say and I used to laugh
full fucking and from them, you know what I mean?
Yeah, because seriously what I mean? They're more trouble than they're worth. So as a plant,
you
know, your buy a vibrator. My mother's advice, you know, because
it's
not worth the aggravation. It really is.
What?
You
got
now
I grew up I really needed to have one And then about 20 know about 14 years ago I decided I was done. I'm not going to be lied to. I'm not going to be cheated on. I'm not going to have that all of my money gone. You know, I'm done with that stuff now. I have more money than I know what to do with technically.
And I don't have to worry about somebody lying to me and cheating on me and you know, screwing me out of stuff, right? You know, so it's like I don't know, they cost a lot of money, they see women cost money, but boy, every man I've ever had cost me a lot of money. Common here.
No,
is
what
come
on
is
that millions
of
people
community?
Sometimes
a friend is a better relationship than a romantic relationship because there's just too much tangled up when you've got that glove feeling in there and it's just
I mean
I love your brands too. I mean that that's for sure, but it's totally different kind of thing. We that sex component into it and then there's that possession kind of thing, who you are, you have that modicum of jealous, you know and insecurity, you know, I think women, you know especially in the past, I mean we're insecure, you know because if you don't look like you know what the typical male perfect moment is, Um you have that insecurity and that's been driven by society, you know? Um so, of course, you know, you feel that and then, you know, the security will drive things into your relationships, You know, and I know I've been guilty of that in effect, but I mean, I've given some people no reason to, you know, I could give them all the rope that they need and then they hang themselves. You know what I mean? So it's not my fault, you know that you're an idiot. So, no, I've never I'll never do that again. This is the story.
Yeah. You know, I'll be I'm almost I'm almost 60 years old. And so why would I want to start a relationship, please? I want to do what I want to do when I want to do it. I don't need to have sex anymore. I'm like done with that way. I, I just want to do what I want to do. You know what I mean? I don't have to answer to anyone. So equipment.
Well we have
It's
not.
I think the biggest thing that
young women need to have is Independent President. Oh, I love the stock
market
hot,
Be self reliant, Make your own money, have your own place, have your own car. You know, educate yourself, learn as much as you can and whatever field that you want to go into so that
you can become, you know, the executive of whatever it is, you know, be the best you can be. You
know, I always tell that to the young girls around here, you know, stop
worrying about dick. Seriously? It's
going to ruin your life seriously. You know, you're going to have having babies and then you'll be stuck with them because they're not going to pay child support or whatever the case may be, you
know, get your life together then think about a relationship if you really must have one. Bye. Yeah
my friend that lives in California, she says let's at all this old bitches get a house together. I
like
as
an idea, get
at the store, a bunch of old bitches living there with
our cats and dogs, you know
I have three of them, there's two over here. Well you were actually
what?
The two kittens are in the bed, the big guy, I think he might be in the bathroom, Have a £17 cat.
These two babies, they just turned a year old.
I
adopted the two sisters. Um
He he was old cat, my older cat. he's six, he was raised with a dog
and then the dog died. Yeah.
And then he thinks he's a dog. I really think you think she's enough. So I didn't want another dog. So because I don't like walking them in the winter time out there in the snow and yelling at chubby. You know his name was chubby, you please shit. Already fucking cold out here. You know, find the winds blowing and my neighbors would laugh at me. He said you look like you look like you have like four pairs of everything on. And I said I do you know dogs got a coat on and boots and hold on yours. So I said I will gladly get more cats but I'm not getting any more dogs. So these two are a package deal. She wanted them to go together. So they did it
worked out. I mean, it's kind of fun to listen to him. I like 17 stairs and 2:30 AM. You hear this downstairs and upstairs? Isn't it? Down this like you guys knock it off. First of energy in the middle of the night. Earlier there was a lady bub crawling around the room and I see two heads on the bed going like this. What the hell are you looking at? Was a lady button? If I don't kill that lady bug, you're gonna knock everything over trying to get to it, right?
Hm.
He's crazy. There's Elizabeth Warren now, I like her too. People put their lives on like all those women tree going and since 19 hits. Yeah.
It's
like 100
year, 100th anniversary of babies. 100 year women having the vote. Yeah.
Brighton massachusetts. The point.
Yeah. No idea.
Risk
even
it
should
have
been.
I
don't know. You
know, I was just young during the race riots in the 60s. I remember watching that on TV. It was scary, you know, for a little kid to see that stuff on TV. And then when JFK was shot when I was uh, and then martin Luther king, I forget what year that was. But if you saw
it on Tv, you know, you know, because it was replayed, you know over and over again and
those kind of things are shocking to little kids, you know, and things that imprint on your head. You remember it, you know, people say, how can you remember that? Remember that better than what I ate yesterday? You know what? Yeah,
You
know
that,
you know when I went to school we never even give that
morning.
Yeah. That was all, let's
see. World
War
II. Yeah, we're World War II is in the 40s and we haven't had any nuclear kind of things like that since then. But you know, I mean we never worried about going to school and having somebody come in with a gun or something. I mean I never would have ever thought of anything like that. And even when my child with child went to school and the 30 years old, I never
even gave that a thought when he was in great school and stuff like that. To think that little kids have to go to school and worry about mommy is somebody gonna kill me. Especially after Sandy Hook because that's in Connecticut, you know,
It was, it was like unbelievable to think 16, all those people died, 2016 people and most of them Children, little Children. And then of course he shoots himself and nations of working parents later gets away with it basically. And
his mother is the one that got him the guns
food.
She he killed her too. But I mean it's like
got you. It's because it's just unreal that, you know, all of that for nothing, absolutely nothing structure of this nature. You would think, you know, he had some kind of asperger's or something you would have thought that, you know, counselors would say to this parent, I don't really think you should have any firearms or something like that. People like that do not need to have firearms. I don't understand the Second Amendment people. Why would you give a gun to somebody who has asperger's or is bipolar or you know, I have the potential to be violate. I'm bipolar, I don't want a gun America, you know, I'm medicated, but you know, if I came off my medication, I'm not bipolar. What? I'm bipolar too, I do have some manic phases, you know, but you know, if I was bipolar one, I might be crazy, crazier than I already out maybe, but but I should not have a gun, okay. And neither should anybody else who has any of those kind of psych diagnosis is that would put them in a predisposition of maybe getting mad at the world and deciding to shoot up people, you know,
who
well
you don't need to have a r. 15
three,
Great.
absolutely,
Absolutely,
Captain,
if
you want.
I think they need
to strain Children veteran school today to identify Children who are depressed, identify them who might have some kind of chemical imbalance or something. The schools need to be more involved, you know, and hold parents accountable when they don't want to do stuff. You know, I I've seen that a lot too where parents don't want to, their Children this or that or the other thing and it's like we're not trying to put a label on people were trying to help them, you
know?
Here
we go.
in the
south
through a cop.
Thank
you.
You
don't want
to have this stigma, blah blah, blah b
my child goes up and shoots up a school. Then there might be a problem
for America.
And for your lifetime of service that will endure. I love president Obama. I'd like to, he's like the coolest anyone. They were so great together too. Oh
You were fired. You look tired honey. I'm not gonna hold you too long.
Yeah, I was surprised I had a 10:00 1. Well it's 10 o'clock here. I don't know what time it is there, but
Usually they're like six o'clock in the evening.
I
would.
I
know you're not gonna you're not gonna believe how many days I've done 10. Like 14 of them have paid me for 14.
I went back through and counted them. I'm like really
2020. I'm like I don't even remember doing that many but
oh I have actually made several friends on facebook from doing this and it's been really interesting. It's always so many younger than me. Which is really funny. You
know I have a younger guy. You know he didn't I don't think he really wanted to talk to me for that mom. You know, there was like a gender gap there. Big time. You know, women at least have something to talk about
Talking to a 20 year old guy. It's not something that I don't think he was really interested in talking to grandma here. So
computers half a century. It was funny too. He was from new york city to and I don't know he was using his phone or something that he kept cutting out.
They paid me for it anyway. Though I was surprised
I'm building support for our troops.
I mean actually easy money, violence against women
new
and talk to people that you've never met before. And a good conversation. Maybe make friends with them on facebook or something. And I'm there, you know,
A couple of older women, you know, that made friends with me on Facebook people. So I'm grateful for that. It's always nice to have an extra threat to overcome. So if you want to go, Honey, I'll let you go. 25 has become
one of
an accolade that what's your name behind his legacy as husband?
I'm sorry. A grateful
nation
for his lady. I. O. On behalf of the United
States.
Mhm. Because I have.
Mhm, yep. I found you. I added you, sweetie have a normal time so
that's me.
Thank you. Nice to meet you too. I hope we can
we do
we can talk again share.
Yes. She's so funny, isn't she?
There's
a million pictures of cats in there,
millions of pictures.
Okay. You too honey, I'll talk to you soon.