Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah. Oh no. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. God. Right. Uh huh. And yeah, it's time for the Super Bowl. Super Bowl. Uh huh Oh, okay. Okay. Keep me off. Oh, all wrong. Mhm Oh, there it is right now. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. I didn't have, my colleagues were fast. You're going to lose the game. He doesn't mean I'm so sorry about your got thousands and nothing. Oh, everyone fault. Where you going? Come on on, you got my gun. You don't Brown jasper. Uh huh, mm hmm. Brownie down. Rounding down. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, It's working. I don't feel like going to go back to hockey live. Mhm No, right now. Oh, Oh, uh huh. Right. Mm. That tells a task or not. Okay. I just got to keep it all the colors. Right way, keep going wear green. Oh no. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm mhm Okay. Boys, I got there's a but we're not gonna let you fellas down and the next time with you let's go home. They're Green Bank and got me out. Yeah. Uh huh. She was going you're elected and up not right now. Oh no wow. Oh Oh Oh shit Okay. 20 Yeah. Mhm. Oh no, no. There was the shoot through the star boy. What you're doing? Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh no. All right. Yes. What you know? Yeah. Yeah. Oh Oh yeah. Okay grief. Oh but it sounds like it's working all right but just yellow. Uh huh Angus and yellow. I gotta get some beers boys. Yeah. Yeah hold up in here. You got to get my no. Oh Oh yeah. Yeah get our shit. Fuck. Okay. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Okay thank you. Mhm. Okay. And before Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Oh. Oh okay wow, I love you. Hello, we're gonna get killed. Oh God. Uh huh. Yeah, you can do it, charlie you drink that yellow. You got us here? Now finish what you started, jesus finish your car. Richmond. Okay and oh my God. Oh now colonel that tv. Yeah I think I can get that much. What's up? Anything you can't miss the end of looking for what counts is not the only reason they have made it this part because of your superstition. The rituals share your, they say you lost your money, they say you're hallucinating. Who's they? Oh hey sorry I was watching T. V. So you gonna?
And so what's up?
Mhm.
But
Louisiana quote.
okay. I've never been that far north. I live in Shreveport.
that's about five hours south. I'm kind of in like the northwest corner of Louisiana. It's completely different
and hot human. I don't know it's something.
Yeah I think Louisiana is like the number one per capita state, so it's pretty bad. But I don't know anyone sick like my stepbrother had it, but he just kind of stayed home. Is it bad where you're at? Yeah.
we opened up, I mean we shut down kind of early, but we also kind of opened up Early. I think we're in Phase two, like you have to wear a mask in the stores. But you see a lot of people, they just kind of pull them down once they get in the stores and I mean there's no way to really enforce it I guess. So our cases are kind of going up again uh
and
That's good. I mean,
I mean, I'm not in the store long enough to really complain so I just do it. I don't, you know, it doesn't hurt me, but a lot of people have issues, you know? Yeah.
Aren't they opening
up soon up there? I thought I saw that on the news or am I thinking ability?
Mhm. I thought I saw on the news that they were um schools were opening up pretty soon or is that am I thinking of Illinois?
ours too.
Maybe.
It seems like it's gonna be a mess. I don't know what they're gonna do.
I don't know. Yeah.
I think here they're given an option for like, you know public schools, high schools. I think they can do like a hybrid or they can either do online only or they can go. So it's kind of still confusing really? I don't know how they're going to make that word.
Thank
you.
I think
a lot of ours are doing online here, but I mean I don't think there, I think it's still costing what they're complaining about the cost. Oh,
that's good.
Is it her first year?
huh.
I mean,
I don't know they're talking about doing college football. I don't know how that's gonna. I mean I hope so because I want to watch it, but I don't really know how that's gonna work either, so.
Thank you.
that's so far. But all these baseball players coming, you know, getting sick. I don't know if you keep, I mean I don't watch baseball but I have to switch off the news just, you know, something else every now and then and I see all these sports players MLB have you're positive for coronavirus. I don't really know what
I
mean
now
I hope it works ever
because I mean that's the only college support I like to watch, but yeah, I don't know. The season might
be
launched.
the
handle
and
that's interesting.
Yeah, it's gonna be interesting. Yeah.
Well L. S. U. Of course. What about you?
Oh, michigan's all right.
Is it? I think Mhm. I remember seeing the big 10 talk about only doing in conference, but I mean The only teams that are really good in the big 10 so Ohio state and Michigan so I really don't. That seems kind of predictable there
but.
They're gonna join the A. C.
C. This this year. They just I don't know if it's just
I don't know if it's just for this season because of the covid but they announced they're gonna like jump in there I guess so they have someone to play.
Yeah. Yeah I thought I saw on ESPN that they're going to join the A. C. C. I think it was A. C. C. Yeah.
I don't know why they're like that. I don't I never could figure that out.
But then they don't have any conference championships so that's I don't know.
Sorry
I have a senior cat walking around. Mhm.
And Yeah, we got 31 he's like almost 14 and I think he's getting a little crazy, you know, because he's older so because he's acting different, so I'm just kinda trying to keep an eye on him and then we have like a physically disabled cat and then like a mentally disabled kids, so it's kind of a a mess around here sometimes.
And
So
your your your cat has a pet hamster pretty much.
Mhm.
Uh I never knew that a banana pills, I never had like a hamster or guinea pig, I've had like mice when I was younger. Little pet mice, but they didn't eat much but carrots and I never knew.
And that's his
favorite.
And
I think
last time,
What and what is it?
Yeah, I've got two in a corner and one up there and if you see his head sleep, he's on medication, he's got like a nerve damage in his foot and the medicine I give them, it makes them kind of groggy. There's not really anything they can do about it except just kind of laid it out. It's like a I think it's a perk effect or something. I don't really know. I just but other than that he's normal, he's just slightly.
Yeah, I mean the same here because he just went to the vet last week and trying to take your cat to the vet during all this. Like it's horrible because I had to take the older one to to get a tumor removed off his head and you have
to like sit in the parking lot. They come to the car and they get your cat and then you have to leave them and they, they don't like the vet already and you know, they're going with a stranger and then you have to come back and then they bring them out to your car and it's like a whole, I know it's a safety thing, but you know, still kind of weird.
I
mean,
it was hard
and I'm just like, no one else gets sick, nothing else happened because I don't want to take another cat to the vet right now. This just dropping them off. Like with him though, we just waited in the parking lot because his was pretty simple because he's been for the same foot thing before. They just needed to give him like a refill. So we just sat in the parking lot and waited then they called and they brought him back out. But it's crazy.
Yeah. Yeah. I didn't want to do it, but I had no choice really. So hopefully
are they like that up there? You haven't had to do that or?
Thanks.
come on.
absolutely.
Thank you.
That's
and
And
It's crazy. I have thought we would have been kinda close to over it at this point, but it doesn't seem to be getting much better in this country anyways,
Well,
And
What?
Thanks.
Uh That happened to me monday. Well, just one I think just one time. So I'm like thinking I'm okay because I don't really, I don't gather, I don't like I go to the store, but that's it. And I'm not working so I'm not really out just kind of hoping it was like uh maybe uh something I ate.
And
Come before.
Uh Yeah. Okay. I've done some of those tele help. Um I mean it's better than nothing. I mean I can't complain. At least I get to talk to the doctor. But I mean I don't want to go to the doctor like even if I need to, I try, you know, I'm just like putting it off, you know? Unless of course it's serious, but I'm not trying to go anywhere where they're sick people. I don't think anyone is really like I'll just deal with it until I can't anymore.
Well I'm glad no one in your, somebody's got it and I had it. I mean that's that's a good thing.
And
But
yeah, my mom,
she lives just like down the road and like I go see her, but like I don't hug her, you know, even though we kind of, I don't really get out to still stay away, you know, I don't hug her, you know, get close to her just because if something, you know, I would just feel terrible like if I had got it at the store wherever and then gave it to her, I'd be devastated. She's like almost 70.
Well
that's
thank
you.
that's
good.
That's
part,
yeah, that's good. Uh
And
Mhm. Mhm, wow, I'm a caregiver, my fiance has got multiple sclerosis, so I don't I'm not working right now. So
basically
just house work really taking care of the cats in the yard, the house cooking, you know, like a housewife basically dr appointments
infused, you know, all that stuff.
jimmy.
Uh My name, I was going to like get a job out of the house, but then all this happened, so I mean I figured may as well just keep, you know, see what happens everything. You know, I don't I'm not like struggling, like we're not struggling or anything, but just for some extra income. But now I don't I mean I want to but I don't want to because if I bring sick in his home from work then you know what is that a compliment for me? You know, immuno compromised and I'm bringing home uh I can't risk it.
Yeah. Why can't
you?
I thought you said you were not. They won't let you.
And
Okay.
But
just
boston.
Ah That's
I
Yeah. Where I go I go to L. S. U. S. Um hospital here for like my doctors and everything and they're expanding to like they're putting offices all over the city I guess because why not? I don't know. But they're doing it now and I'm thinking aren't you understaffed at like I don't know how they're how they're doing it, but they're moving out there, spreading everything out.
And
The
yeah, there's some people that like when I went to, you know the Okra, this infusion, there was a guy who took a bus two hours from two hours away, you know, to get to the infusion center here in Shreveport. And I was just like that, it's got to be terrible. Just, you know, to ride on a bus for two hours, then have to sit up there for like five or six hours and then, you know, then take another bus home. It's just it's too far sad. Right,
Both
And
That's the that's the that's the place like we go we go to L. S. U. S. You know, university hospital system, doctor system, they take Medicare, Medicaid, no insurance. I mean they won't refuse you. I mean you'll get a bill but they're not going to like not see you if you don't pay them. So I guess it's probably the same kind of system. What? Yeah. Mhm. Wrong. Yeah. Just the first
thing you've done for on prolific the video
Is
it uh one, what was your first one? Mhm.
Just.
I
try
but I don't catch that many of them. Yeah.
that's good.
now that's,
that's interesting. I have to check that out.
And
I
suppose.
I do this one and the amazon mechanical turk but that, that doesn't pay much. I got lucky and got like a $5 Louisiana drinking and driving survey like the first time when I first joined. And I don't think I've had a $5.1 since but I may not check it every now and then something. Uh
Yeah.
I
don't know what I'm going to get on that
and
almost.
Thanks.
It's not bad. What was that one called?
Okay. Yeah, because getting free
stuff.
It's nice. Cat litter would be good. Always
good.
It sounds like it. I got a bottle of shampoo in the mail and I cannot remember if I requested it. I mean I had to have but I can't remember where it came from. And they're like we're gonna send you a survey in two weeks so I'm like still waiting. They're gonna ask me how it is and I'm like great shampoo, but I cannot for the life of me remember how it ended up in my mailbox. So that's
the mystery. I'm just kind of waiting to today see us all. It's good shampoo though. I would totally buy it, but I have no, you know, it's not labeled, so
And
Even
after
they, even after Oh man, that's gonna be sad. I hope they don't do that.
Of course.
And
Yeah. That's gonna be sad though if I don't find out about the shampoo because like I really want to buy it. Have that happened?
Have my have?
Well.
Hey.
Thanks. It's not bad.
Yeah, I had to qualify for the the amazon mturk. I don't really know what their requirements are. Didn't seem, I don't know, but some people have gotten rejected and I'm like, how like it's just have you heard of it, amazon McCain?
Yeah.
Yeah. That's kind of like if I'm bored, I guess sitting waiting in my car and I don't have any, you know, anything to do, I'll just kind of check it out. It's not like the priority, but I don't know, it's it's kind of weird really, it'll be like take a picture of this yellow grassy field with your camera and I'm like, that doesn't exist anywhere near me. So I couldn't if I wanted to And then they're like, here's 50, I'm like, what am I gonna do with this? 50 cents for this? I don't know.
and
and
yeah, I mean, especially with you working, like don't work. So, I mean, I kind of can afford to waste some time, but having a real job, I could see where you'd only want to do the ones that are worth it. Mhm
Years.
Yeah, I'm gonna check, I'm gonna check them out. The ones you tell me, see if I can get in there.
No.
Yeah, I'm gonna do that for sure. Did your wife do all that to or she's not into it?
Impact.
No.
Yeah, I know.
Kids I think
they'll see one day that the missed opportunity, they'll be like, oh, I should have been doing that instead of, you know?
What?
Okay. Because I saw
it on my Paypal, they were like, do you want to set up acorns? But I didn't like delve into it, but I remember seeing it, but I didn't like get into it.
I am.
that's not
on.
that's
there's like no penalty or
mm That's interesting. Yeah.
Yeah.
And
Well, it's a
good
habit to get them into anyways while they're young uh steven and blessed.
I must
know. Mind
using,
I'm not to tell my nieces and nephews were in college, I'm not to tell them about it. That's it's good.
Heard any. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well I guess I'm gonna go um thomas four o'clock.
Yeah. It was nice talking to you. Glad I got some one night the first time and
All right, we all have a good one.
Alrighty mother.