no you're fine.
But uh
that must have sitting
at home right now. Um Where are you from?
Okay, I'm in uh Jeffersonville indiana, that's uh right next to Louisville Kentucky.
I've been doing all week, I think I'm in Louisiana. No another seven new Orleans once. Uh cousin used to live down there if you're on the bed and breakfast, I said as long as I've been to your area,
what's it like down there?
As you, have you guys been infected with the virus months down there or?
kind of sort of is I mean I don't know anybody personally, I had it. Um I know the cases I've been rising, but this combination of what the protests going on up here, lot of people gathering, so that's going to uh up the amount of cases and then with open the city a lot earlier than most people, they kinda jumped the gun on that. So that raised the case. Well
think at one point
it was mandatory for mass and then they relax that then. Um I think now we're going to the story, it's mandatory for everybody to have a mask cross. They kind of turn your way.
Yeah, I mean it was at a point where there was kind of nobody was really wearing masks and now Mhm. Got to the point where they're required everybody to do that.
sort of what we're doing at the time. We just have the food delivered. You don't even go to the stairs anymore.
Julia
have an apple. You can have a let
like no. Um Schools should be open at the towards the end of the month. That's what they've rejected like around 20 seconds. No, she
going back to college. So at the end of the month and then the regular schools
around here. Yeah. Also be opening up about that and changing back and forth. So we just have to see what happens.
Yeah. With the field are working I work for a health care clinic and we do have two based locations. Oh um there's been a whole lot of talk about kind of what they're gonna do and how they're going to go about opening classes. Think um they're talking about with once kids leave the class and the new group comes in, how the kids wipe down all the wherever they're going to see and wipe down everything. So I don't know how well that's going to work, but that's kind of, I don't want anything they're talking about and that kind of talking about The transition from different classes classes only like three minutes, something that's enough to have it. You have to get to from one class to another. But that's kind of what they're talking about.
it's gonna be interesting to see how that works out or they're going to do um Thinking to have half the kids do they have to have the kids in school? Uh Well so I don't know what this is about. Kind of a yeah
yeah it's gonna be a work in progress. They haven't said um my daughter she's no longer in high school so highlights but she's been home ever since they shut down the
campus. She does
going back. I don't know if they're gonna have options or they're going to be in class half the time where they're gonna be online.
I don't know how to call it. You can work either.
I don't know. I don't think they're going to reduce intuition. Uh Birds just about it. But um that would be a hope that they're no longer in class. They're doing everything online. Maybe they were real reduced the calls or you know some type of money back. But she has a scholarship so.
thanks going to her.
I don't think. Yes. Um
She was in her freshman freshman year. Um college. She was a man. Thank our or for fifth meat because we're on track and hope and then I just shut everything down. Her season ended stream early to us a little bit upset about that. But that really could do at that point. So I don't know if they're going to have
a track season this year and how that's going to go.
A lot of them have to have their schedules out. Most colleges like the sec they have their schedule it already so it will be just in conference
that will be not being any out of conference games. Uh Thank you.
Yeah, I think I think they ain't gonna end
up
not having a baseball see anything, but I said miles already started. So that seems to me going I guess pretty well, well maybe a little bit different because there's more athletes and it's closer proximity
to each other. I don't know how that's gonna go
and
I
know
I have of one employee does uh referees are all of high school around the, around the city. So I've been kind of talking to him to see and how they're preparing for the upcoming
season. You said that really hasn't had any meetings.
They have like um Senator Wilson
that you normally below have a Wilson that you touched on your chest. That's kind of your whistle now. So they're kinda changing things that way we're probably seeing. So referee born and what does that kind of touch their chest? I make the same noise as a whistle.
I know that. Yeah, that's one real big difference. He had to order, said he had an order health, it wasn't um supplied by the, by, by the school, it can't came out of his pocket and I think that's one of the major rule changes. I don't think we'll be following up playing now when the referees have hotel to talk over things. I think they're kind of doing away with that as well. I don't know how they're going to communicate.
So who's your college team?
I'm not I'm a michigan fan.
Michigan, yeah, I'm in michigan fan, my my wife's and U. Of L fan. So uh I fight in a championship. We had a, what's it in different rooms that year. Yeah.
You never know what
happens in conference games. But I think it's just by with anybody. I think the only people that's going to really hurt his number of games since their independent are really not for durable. They're going to play
policy.
I didn't know that.
Yeah object. They would have is to play in state rivals. Which is I mean we have a couple indiana the biggest well in indiana other than that ball state and or Vision two and 13. I don't want to play them
for sure. Another front. Ask them all. They're fine. Just football is the only thing that they oh uh chance to play.
I think there has always been in India um I guess about choice I guess so they can schedule wherever they want schedule. But. Oh
yeah it's weird. It's only in one sport rest of sports they are and at one conference so maybe that's the way Lou Holtz wanted to when you were in the program
and it just kept it that way.
it can as well. She's not he's somewhere around here but I understand yeah that I was since I was young I always had some type of animal pet. My kids, they love them so they want they can't. Yeah complicated.
Yeah I mean we have one cat, we had another one before that
but we had to get rid of us getting along wow and we have a hamster um catch. This kind of watches them. This makes sound don't don't bother, it watches over them
but
wow it's really
not have just a guinea pig but she she doesn't mess when it comes to the guinea pig. Just about big cat, it's exchange she doesn't mess with him, she'll look at him in the cage and about it. He wasn't bothering how uh getting pigs. He's a mess as you walk in and walk in the room and start chopping on his cage. I seek knowledge. He's about hey Eddie, how's it going? Of banana peels? Yeah, banana peels and salary. Mhm. And uh even open up the banana head jumped down and stop chopping and you start going crazy, you know immediately if I have a banana.
Yeah I just got I just kind of played around with them. I mean try uh he hits the number of food but he's picking about him, pick out certain stuff and just thought out, won't eat it. I'm gonna give him apple. So be a chapel and he liked it. Well I'm gonna try just a banana peel. Uh He went nuts.
He
went crazy. Yeah. He goes crazy that my wife
gave him some, Sorry? So he likes that.
So the life just from yes,
interesting.
It was like I said, you so you're kind of a corner.
Uh Yeah, we we love animals. So uh we take care of trying to take over our pets uh best we can. But yeah, we love our animals
damage.
Yeah, yeah, I feel worried not going in there with
my head uh
with my cat as well, I'm like no, I'm not leaving.
And they
okay, I can imagine
sometime
uh the last time we took our cat to the vet, I don't think he was doing the virus. Um So I don't know if they're like that event. I know they like
that kind of the Dennis up. That's the last time I went, I don't wait my car, take my mature and everything and then I was brought back. Um Well yes I'm ready for me. The has um let me do the same thing at a healthcare clinic um While that uh patients in have to be checked for temperature and all that or they never entered the building and then we'll stay into the building then and I get in the average or prescription um have the pharmacy, take the prescription out to the car, they don't
allow them to come in just oh and they take our temperature when we come in every day every morning so you can enter the building until we have our
as well
required to wear a mask
even though I'm I'm in a
key part. So I know the hard part but nurses and all of them, they have
to know it fully covered with everything before they can come in. And or they see patients and everything to make sure they keeping themselves safe as well.
Yeah, it's not, I mean, there's too many people who are still out partying. We're not wearing my ass gathering together, but so but I get under control. I don't know what's going to happen, but the uh new symptoms that are out
there saying now it's airborne um So that
makes you a lot worse than than I'm saying if you have abdominal
pain and throwing up, that's another symptom that's just been added. So if you have abdominal pain, I'm throwing up, you we're a great
chance of having a marriage to the well.
Yeah, it could be, they said this health be like severe abdominal pain and a combination of throwing
up as well is supposedly another thing. Yes,
they always updating us on words sometimes there are out now, so and a lot of bit about it but not a whole lot. I just talk to the nurses and doctors and that kind of inform me of kind of what's going on and what they're seeing and how they're kind of um dealing with it. I really don't want to be in our homes with them as well and are trying to push for more telehealth which we do offer to. Yeah, registration. Um I have an appointment and didn't check the symptoms because that's supposed to check that or you know when they call in to have a long script saying do you have this this this this they've been here and I don't think they're doing so the nationals much. I'm kind of happy about bread french.
You know a lot of times you can get diagnosed by telehealth, this is as well as going to the doctor me there, but I ask you pretty much the same questions and give you pretty much as I am diagnosis this and for an environment and going in and sitting where somebody could have. They had it.
Yeah, I don't, I don't know anybody. It is that's had it or, and in contact
with anybody really lost my family. A lot of them out of town, like we're just staying home. We're not even going out and so much state this quarantine and then a lot of my older as well, so that like, yeah, we really
definitely not going nowhere.
And
yeah, my mom's
up purchase
kind of the same way. They really don't go out and doing my wife's parents. They're
like,
yeah, y'all can't come over and they don't allow anybody to come in the house.
Everyone,
the kids, one of those things them, they're like, well he stand up doing way past. But other than that,
I'm
just really thankful man.
they have health concerns. So they really trying to
stay distant form. So things kind of get better. What I'll do, you do
another
big
Well my mom,
I know my mom, she, she's been in the car, you know that I was born and she kind of did that those home healthcare which you want people songs and help take care of loved ones. Uh understand kind of what you have to deal with. My brother conduct same thing. He did the same thing for a while. There's some home health care. I got a bunch of family who's our ends and nurses. So they kinda come in on some of the things they had to deal with coming up, man,
going home healthcare and just been in the medical field in general.
Yeah I understand. Uh I wish I could could work from home but
I still
have to go on and on.
Yeah I'm uh no they don't allow happy we have to get everybody else ready to go if I work from home.
Like we had a get at least laptops ready for all the providers and people didn't want to work from home. We had to provide all all those for them get that up and work. Um
They're going office and deal with normal I. T. Issues every day. Um uh We're still not fully stuff there's still a number of people still at home but then I thought has come back so now we have to put the computer back
get them back ready
to work in
the office then they're expanding and all types of stuff going on. So
they work from home whole.
Not an option.
Yeah, we're kind of spraying things as well, especially, you know, that's right. Also being getting into two other schools. I don't know if it's gonna, when they're gonna try to do that. But that's one thing that kind of looking
at a lot of counties out here, we're in Louisville. They don't have any like healthcare facilities. So even be seen. So we're working with other counties to open up other physical facilities so we can give people health care in those areas.
But I don't know how to drive hours and hours for health.
that's one of the reasons why I think people or other, I guess counties want us to open
up offices is because we provide transportation for people who don't have transportation or come pick them up for the appointment to come home.
Also we deal with low income people if you don't have insurance, if you can't say we're still going to see you and we'll work on um getting paying the bill later. But we're gonna, if you come in, whether you have insurance or not or even have a job, you're still gonna be seen, you're still gonna get the care you need. So that's why a lot of counties I wanted us to come and open up more fully.
Uh That's
no this is the that was the second one I've
done.
Pretty much the same thing. I talked to a college student um he was pretty much in college and I was just kind of asking him, I was going it
was they are doing the pandemic. So I was trying to say um how they, how he was adjusting to it and everything. I'm gonna think he had move back home. Just like my daughter did since they kind of kick that right off campus and just kind of waiting on when he could go back. It was like one interesting and see gave a lot of porn because I do tons of surveys um every day. That's kind of what I do when I get off work
is
just too
It is pretty good. Um usually testing it is a really good one as well. They pay like $10 a survey. Uh But more like your either for the $70 surveys, it's out of our,
you will be, it's like we're talking now, you'll be talking to somebody else. But it would be like uh let me ask you the european on their product or their website or whatever they are presenting at the that time just be a conversation between her that a person or over the brow uh not at the center of the manager is and they may show you screenshots and have you walking through what you think would be the next step and question to ask him
and that
and some of my mother, I'm monitored, so it's just like an all in one of those are
like 30, minutes and it's just you may be going to the website. I asked you to find burn, would you think you will find to come
out
and you were just talk to what you're doing on the screen and those don't take that long to do really. They pay more so I try to do it all over as much as well. Yes.
huh. Yeah, that's what I like is one opinion with that one. It's basically I read that you also get process as well. I've gotten writing cleaners, I gotten uh blenders,
I got food, I got deodorant my day. I got cat litter
actually.
Yeah, I got a big box of cat
litter um that I'm currently using now that um my cat users and it works well. I mean I don't
smell a group of urine. There's there's no smell with this particular letter, so I really like it. I'm gonna probably end up uh finding it again and by buying more of it. Um I got you Kathleen.
I got a dog thing, I've got a lot of stuff um doing doing surveys.
I was a child of one opinion.
I want
to thank you.
Get
free stuff and then you get the point as well and then you get the additional points or having your review. So it's a win win.
Hey?
Yeah. A lot of time panel they don't label um what you get up. I've gotten shampoo before
and I didn't know who it was through even after I took the survey. They didn't tell me what the manufacturer
was. Just want
to know if I like.
And sometimes sometimes they do tell you who the manufacturer is. Sometimes they don't know what that letter they did. Um But the shampoo they didn't, one time I'll
say maybe two weeks ago I get
uh cake hat, big box kit kat. So is just a mediated and turning the opinion on it. So some things are real good. Some things are pretty nasty but I tried them all.
Thanks. We're gonna Now the good one. And if you can find it's called Hive Mind
that one. You have mine uh H. I. V. E. M. I. N. D. That when they do send you uh bunch surveys you don't always qualify for them. But each one is between 75 and $200
per survey. If you qualify it's just qualifying as the hard thing. But if you do qualify they pay you within 2-3 days.
So they pay you pretty immediately. It's even like amazon gift card out. Either it's a music or either um You have the option of you're gonna get a tangle card which gives you a list of all different types of places to go. Like target wal mart. Um Hey pal and amazon and just like every party you have the different stores you can,
well all you gotta do is join that database and then they start sending you surveys and see if you qualify for. But the payment is pretty immediate.
I think I've heard I think I've heard of it kind of I think I looked at it but I went interested at because I didn't like see another surveys. Uh
I was like I want to make sure that it's worth my time. They kind of have to buy my time. Which one I want to do was one that I want to do.
Yeah. I just kinda make sure
if I'm doing this. All right it's worth it sometimes to
have the ones that are 30 minutes long and you only get 25 cents. That's really not worth your time.
there's a lot of the mouth of it and there's a lot of good ones I would say. Ones that are you can do like user interaction like using testing as a bunch of them out there and I like that um that are worth your time because there 5 to $10 plus per survey as long as you qualify for and they're not just
clicking and answering questions that you're more interactive. Time goes by quicker and it's just a more meaningful rather than just answering questions.
Yeah. I'll tell you if you just do a google search for user testing and find similar types. Like that other bunch that I like user testing the kind of pain in the same amount paid the same way.
They just send you an email saying hey make all fire Try this one out. And so if a cop or not often get paid up this amount of money for for your time.
No I tried to get my wife and kids into it. They're like no my
kids really don't work. I'm like um what do you want to make $60 an hour like? Yeah, sure would. I'm like, what is
your opportunity? No, we don't want to do something. And I'm like, why? You go to work for $10 an hour?
But you want to do a survey that's not paying you say things all the hour. I don't I don't get that.
I don't want to go out. No. Yeah. I've tried and tried and they don't want to do it so I can't force you to do it. But that they're gonna ask me for money.
Yeah. The only thing I got him to do was a
orange is just uh it's not a survey basically. Is it investment like an investment
for a cop.
Yeah. It's really good for college steve won't speak about this. Free for them. So I cost him nothing.
For me. It costs me a dollar a month. So basically all it is is you sign up um you attach your uh thank you basically what it does is as you pay your bills, it takes your sent a sense invested are set away are you? And invest that money for you? So you you are kind of like it's kind of like a 41K. But you don't get as much money I'd say maybe the first month. I really like it. Extra $100.
So that's not yeah I've had it for about
six or seven months. Um And I have signed up my wife and they've already taken money out of their account, Used it for so if I just leave mine in there and I let it go to as you know, you really don't miss it, you're missing it out. Just automatically comes out. And then basically they take like maybe you saying after it You pay $20.50 or something, that 50 cents then rounded up to a dollar for you, No additional Paul. So you don't pay that dollar, you just pay the 50 cent. We're gonna give you a dollar for that 50 cents and invested
George. And whenever you want to you can take it out.
No, come on now.
I want my life. You have took a
how to her account and they use three or $400 and then the kids always want money so they can go to your head cards and get money
that way and they might not have any money in there is right now that they constantly taking money out.
But
if you just kind of let it.
that's the uh yeah, I think it was polished even since you know the bed and into them. So I've been polishing any money I have to sign up and if they sign other people up to sign up I think if they get people signed up front of them and they get a $250
so
that's
always,
Yeah I mean it didn't cost him anything at all. Um I like to do is link their bank to acorns and as they pay their bills whatever it is that market comes out and you can set it round up automatically or do I do it on their own. So it doesn't think it's set up and then if they hit three people under them signed up I get that I think and rene e some to eat or all states that can be like an emergency fund. Follow
you get out the house.
Yeah I think we reached 25 minutes. uh
no problem at all.
You too
good.