Yes. Okay. Mhm. Let's say thank you this property. Find on what? Yeah thanks a lot wow. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. This shit. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah well yeah yeah I have my mother here. Yeah. Okay. Yeah come on. I am not never got to smell it. I don't want that right there. Yes we want this right here. Uh huh. Where how are you? Sorry I was over here cooking some spaghetti for dinner and I was like waiting. I was like let me just turn it on to make sure they know I'm here.
You're
like you're like what
am I supposed to do here? Yeah that was an awkward moment. Right so this is I play the third one I do of these.
there have been pretty good. So I was telling my husband that have you ever seen that movie
the Truman show with what's his name? I think it's Jim Carey where he lives. I think it's Jim Carrey basically
like he lives in this dome and everybody's in on and he's a T. V. Show and he doesn't know that he's a tv person.
You've never
seen.
So
So basically he thinks like he lives his normal life, right? But everybody is a lie and they're all just actors in this um, in the scene, this bubble for him. Uh
So I told my husband that I feel like they're doing this to me right now because like the first person that I talked to
Went to the same university that I went to, I went to Purdue
and they went to Purdue and
then the second person that I talked to works at the Hyatt and I worked for the higher for like 10 years of my life. Right? So like every single person I'm like, who's in on this?
All
I'm like, so what are you, what is your real where do you go?
You're
the
third year and um I had signed up for another one but they didn't show up so I was just kind of like okay well but I think it's interesting though that you know, they put two random people together and just watch, you know what we talk about? Like I think
it's an
interesting study, but right
now with everything being virtual, I think more people are more open to it and you know, it really weird them out and like I've worked remote for the past 5.5 years, so being on camera doesn't really scare me.
you can't
get
What
did you interview for? What kind of position?
very nice. One of my neighbors is actually in pet school, so we live here in College station and he goes to texas A and M. And his wife's a veterinarian. And now he's going to be a veterinarian as well. So it's a lot of work. So you know, more power to
right. Like, you know, doctors shouldn't marry, doctors
shouldn't married lawyers. I don't know, like they seem to have a good dynamic, you know? But the thing is they're not really there yet, you know, So it's a
matter of once, you know, once he's done then they'll see. But like I know they're gonna move, they were saying, so like they're gonna move at the end of his semester and they're going to move to where his family's from and I think they're from Washington. So you know, I won't be able to tell you because I won't see it. You know, like, I don't know what they're gonna do. I think they'll be fine, they're really nice couple and you know like as long as you have the same goals in my like my husband, he does design engineering for a railroad so he like sits on a computer and designs all day. Um
So like his job is completely different than mine. But we always make sure that we, you know we work out together that we you know, lunch together so we have we have a lot of stuff but we do get to hang out and you know do fun stuff. So I think it makes a difference but I would say you probably would get bored if you do the exact thing, you know?
Yeah. I think people that work in the exact same job like together like they do like like like you know like for example when I worked at hotels there would be you know a housekeeping manager married to F. And B. Director. And I'm just like that's so weird. You
eat sleep and dream hotel right underneath the big. Yeah I normally so like my schedule consists of like I worked till about five every day but I take my break at three to go and take my son to the park because I pick them up from school and then I go and I dropped him off like it's in the morning I dropped him off and then you know I do on my work and then I go and pick them up and we go to the park, we play for a while, come home, make dinner and then you know play some games or whatever we call it a night. Why something? Um Today there was no one at the park so he didn't want to go. So a lot of I can't see you anymore, I can hear you but it just became like a gray screen.
Uh huh. So it's like
well
it's not
screen but
it's like
a little person. Okay. I'm like I don't know that's kind of work.
It's interesting. Well that is one of the questions so we could always say your camera doesn't work anymore.
No. Crazy but
please I'm
sorry but no
not
any,
no I don't work there anymore. I work for a payroll company from home now. Um Like the jobs that you could have remote for hotel would be like a revenue manager where you're going, where you basically dictate, you know what you think the rooms are gonna cost for the night. So that's probably the only at home position that you could have or taking reservations. And I don't I don't like taking reservations because people, you know, if you mess up something, it's like your whole fault. You know, it's like are you thinking this way? So it's just like uh I'd rather not do that. So I switched careers because I so I basically I studied hospitality and tourism management in college a long time ago. Um and then I worked at the height for probably like 10 years old. I worked at different ones, right? Because they move
you
around here manager to make sure that you get it all done and everything. So then um give me one second just transferring the noodles over here.
and
once I was once I was uh like ready to have a family, I'm like I can't work these crazy hours because I was the last question that I had before I decided I was going to have a baby, was assistant general manager. So that means, So that means like whenever something went wrong, I was the one that got the phone call, right? So the fire alarm went off at three. a.m.
Then guess
what? You're going to have to go into, you know, meet the fireman there if something breaks, like it was just a lot of stress and my husband's like, you know, I make enough money to stay home if you want, but I think, you know, you should change careers. And I was like, well, I'm like, I really like what I do because I really did like the hotel world I said, but let me see if I could go into sales, you know, something different. So I switched over and I really did enjoy it until they were like, well we're gonna they bought two more hotels. So I worked at one originally and then the company bought two more within the city and they're like, ok, let's meet your quota is gonna go up, but we're not going to give you any more money. So it's like seriously? I'm like, well no thanks. So luckily for me, my
uncle owned the company and I called him and I was like, hey, by the way, I hear you're hiring, and he was like, I guess. And so he hired me.
Yeah, so that's what I've been doing for a while. And like
I do I have a five year old now and
he he says hi, he's a handful, but you know, I love him and it was totally worth it. My mom moved in with us um when he was about nine months old because I was able to take care of him by myself when he was little, but once he started to be mobile, it was really hard so I couldn't concentrate on work meetings, I couldn't do, you know, my task. So I convinced my mom to move in with us and she's never she's never left and right now she's actually in florida because I have a 91 year old grandpa and he just, he just got diagnosed with cancer. So that kind of sucks um
basically,
I understand. It's just kind of like, so let's think of it like this, like he hadn't, he was good, you know, all the way up to 91 then Covid hit and he didn't go to the doctor anymore, right? Well because he wasn't going to, the doctor didn't catch it and it spread all over. So right now he's like a stage four and they're basically
just waiting for him to not be there anymore you know? So it's
it's
yeah it makes a huge difference I think the fact that he's because he has eight kids um and I would say so two of them live in florida and then I'm went like a week ago and then my other uncle that lives in California has been with him for For the same time that she he got there a week before my mom so
and he plans on staying there through you know Christmas because basically they said he has three months left at the most and everybody's kind of trying to make their rounds and you know those like like we were going on 20 December is what we're planning on some
two weeks.
Yeah so I have an aunt that lives right next to like so she has this really huge house and then it's like a lake and then miss my grandma's house. So when we go when we you know my husband, my kid and I went to my mom when we normally go we'll stay at her extra apartment that she has. So like that we're not all crowded in one house but then my uncle's there so he has one of the bedrooms downstairs and then both of my aunts daughters come and they'll be there for you know thanksgiving break. So they don't better be interesting.
great.
Exactly but sometimes it gets overwhelming because you can't make a choice. So
like let's say for example were all there and we want to go out to eat trying to get everybody to go. It's like the hard like where are we going to go and where are we gonna be like? So for example we went um it was my grandmother's 83rd birthday in October
So we're like, let's go for the week and let's go out to eat, like, okay, So I flew in, my uncle flew in, my cousin drove in and we're like, all right, So it was supposed to be like, my uncle that lives there, My aunt lives there. Then my cousin, my uncle that flew in and like, it's probably like they're supposed to be like 15 of us. Well then lo and behold we go to this mexican restaurant. And so we were sitting inside and you know, because of covid my my cousin that comes from new york, he's like, no, I'm not going to be able to take my kids there, you know, we're outside and it's fine. But then I guess it was, the son was too hot, so then my uncle, I'm not sitting outside. Your grandma can't do this. Then we stayed inside. It was
just like, So basically 15 turned into, so as my mom, my uncle was probably like seven of us and that was it. So
Yeah. It was, it was really difficult when things like that happen and so it's just, but we do have a huge family and we know we
support each other so it makes
it kind of,
it's
always good to have that backup. But like we live in texas were far away from everybody. So it's kind of sad where you're like, you're
like,
you know, right?
Um, I left In 2005.
So I graduated from Purdue in 2000 and five and I started with the height in february of all six. So then from there I moved, so I moved to L. A. And then I moved to Minneapolis. Yeah. I went to Minneapolis, then I went to Kentucky, then I went to florida and then we moved to Omaha and now I'm in texas. Yeah,
I know. Now I, I like it though. Like I can tell you as a, as a young adult, L. A. Was my favorite because there's always something to do. Always someone hang out with and I live with my uncle and he's like my, one of my favorite people, um Minneapolis is nice but it's too cold. It's just like you food, like I can just tell you most of my stories about me freezing and I really enjoy it that much. Um
global. It's cool because they have the Kentucky derby. So you know, you got to see all
this money, like all this old money that comes in and people that just that, yeah, they'll flaunt it. You know, They're paying $5,000 a night for one of
the room. Yeah, so they're like just give me what I want. You're like okay, I'm just gonna call, you know like we don't care and like all right.
Oh yeah. It was a very interesting time to say at least like I'm like, it's very rare when someone tells me, I don't care how much it's gonna cost. Just get it done. And I'm just like, all right, well then give me your black card because I think they all have their black cards and I'm just like, so I make it happen, right? Um And then florida, like it was nice because it was a change of pace. I live with my grandma. Why was there? So it was it was nice because she's always, you know, I've always been her favorite so you know, we go. But then I finally started dating my, my boyfriend, my husband
and he lived in texas and then he got moved to Omaha and he was like, babe, he's like, and you move with me? And I was like, no. Yeah. Well I didn't want to go over there,
you
know?
Oh my God, I've never even heard of it. Right? So like what's there? So, but I did, He's like, come on. He's like, because basically he told me that, you know, if we move there, we can make a live together, we get married. And I'm like, I don't know if I like you that much, you know? But I did in actuality. So I moved there. We, you know, we tried it out and within six months we were married and we've been married ever since we've been married for eight years now. Mm hmm.
Exactly. Right. So we we've it's been it's been a fun time to say the least.
But
he's
a good guy.
It depends on him now because
since my job is remote, I just follow him. Um But with his company, you know, growing it just kinda depends like they open up an office somewhere else and they need him there then guess what will be there, you know? So he's a little
bit, he's four years younger than me. So
he's still a little bit nearer in his career. Um So it's kind of like whatever, you know, they tell you to do and if it's going to mean more money in him to be able to move up then it's fine. So
what?
Mhm.
Where do they where do they do it at?
basically I just draw a little lines and sticks. That's what I I think what my husband does but no it's just like I don't know he he really enjoys it but it's a very specific type of job that you do you know because it's skill set that you know you know drawing on cat and making sure you know what type of dirt goes under there and if you have time you're going to do it and you know making sure that the curve is going to be. There was a lot of math and I just look at it. I'm like yeah I'm already bored so I'm just gonna go over here. Yeah
that's
then like what can you know what could be moved or like you know like they have some where they're like oh we need to put a bridge in here and I can't do that and
let's
get them. So I'm just I listened to him and I'm just like, oh that's cool. That sounds like you know me and I'm just like, you know. But yeah. So yeah, but it's it's nothing too crazy. I enjoy it though and you know, it's he's been doing it you know,
for a couple of years now because he worked for a union pacific for like seven years of his life.
So it was a very like, you know, Well put together a company and they've been around for 150 years. So now he's a consultant, it's a little bit different and you know, you got your time and everything like that so and
where
do you want to go to vet school?
Well what do you have a bit program? I think they do.
So I grew up in what's called east Chicago indiana. So that that's why yeah, to produce because it's only an hour and a half away from from where I lived. But yeah, no, so I think one of my sorority sisters was a vet but I can't really remember if she went somewhere else, but I'm pretty sure she went to Purdue like she did her undergrad there but I don't know her vet program there are now but
you know it's you know it's it's really rewarding job and you know if you really like animals and that's in a great
place to have a little cousin right now that she's doing a marine biology vet program which is a very specific
way.
so she's doing or did she go to schools to boston? I'm like where did she go? She was boston university but she was an undergrad, you know she's her freshman year so I'm pretty sure she'll probably change her mate.
See that? Uh huh.
Well some people really like marine biology, you know, I'm just like, I don't know like I'm not that good of a swimmer so
I guess maybe that's why I stick out of the oceans, but she did this summer camp thing that she loved, It was down and um where was it? Uh Not Aruba but in the Bahamas. So they went to the Bahamas and they basically lived like in these little huts and they try to conserve as much energy and try to save some turtles. So she was, you know, she really enjoyed it except for the fact that like the showers weren't the best. So he was like, you know you would have to take like a two minute shower and then you would and and she's
like
yeah so she wasn't she wasn't happy about that. But other than that she she seems to and she seemed to enjoy a lot. So I was like okay, I'm like well if that's what you think then you know going happen her her older sister is a theater major, so
all right, I'm like okay. So she basically, so all all three of them um did all of the um like the plays at school
and like their school does like two or three big productions every year. And
like they have like a troop where they go and they
can
and no no in high school in high school, well they all compete and they really liked it. So the oldest one was like, well I like set design and she likes designing theater, you know the backdrops or whatever and that's what she's majoring and I'm just like, I don't even know that was a degree. Uh
She goes,
yeah, she goes to Carnegie Mellon and it's her second year. Um And she really likes it like like I felt bad for my smaller cousin because she basically got cheated out of her senior year. So like she couldn't do a
problem. She couldn't
do
graduate. Yeah because of Covid.
Yeah. So basically she went to college and it has to stay in her own dorm because they're not allowed in other people's dorms. Uh So you know finding friends, it's so hard for her and I feel so bad because I'm like, dude, I'm like you got cheated so badly.
truly for me like my mom is like a helicopter mom right? Like she always took really good care of me and never let me do anything bad. I never got to slip. So my first day out at Purdue, like I was with my my roommate and I was like, let's go get our books, you know, for these classes. So we're ready and my nation like all right, so we're at the bookstore and then we get out and it's probably like seven o'clock at night, it's already getting dark so it's like body I'm like, we need to go home before we get yelled at. And she looked at me and she's like, who's yell at us? And and with
my I'm like, what? So I'm like screaming for joy like at the, you know, in the middle
of the parking lot, people probably like, what is wrong with this little girl. But it was like my first true moment when I realized, oh my God, I'm on my own. You know, it was quite a quite an ordeal, you know, Like for me, I would say like living in the dorms, you know, eating the food always finding new people to hang out with and you know, finding so much in common and a lot of the people that I met in college are still my friends now, you know, I feel really bad for them because doing online classes, it takes out the fun out of it. So
So, but you know, you gotta do what you know is offered to you because you still want to get a degree, right?
So that's what that's what they're doing and you know, like luckily for him for them, like their dad has them set up. So like even if they fail terribly at college and like, you know, let's say they just get a degree or whatever, like, you know, you don't have to work a day in their life because that's how they're set up for their set up for life. So I'm not too worried about
them. So
yeah, I didn't connect.
My husband always points that out. He's like, you realize that your presence could fail completely and still
be
okay. And I'm like, yeah, I'm like, must be nice to have that kind of net. You know, like I don't, I never had that net. Like, like even for me, it was more like, you know, my parents like and having to borrow money for me when I was in college. You know, like the difference is like we were joking around the other day with one of my uncles because they were talking about my grandpas ring, right? Cause I'm like, oh
yeah, who's going to get the ring blah, blah, blah. And like already knew my mom already had because she had given it to here the last time. And I was like, yeah, I'm like, you know, like there's so many of you guys, there's eight of them, right? So having to split stuff, I'm like, I'm the only one, but zero of zero is still zero.
That's
that's a telly
though. I'm like, I actually got into debt because of my parents have like they they because they recently got divorced, they were married for 37 years. Um and then so remember how I told you my mom moved in with us, so my dad was with her too, but he didn't want to stay, like, he didn't like living in Nebraska, so he went
back home to Indiana and then they basically lived apart for like a year and then he just decided, well I'm just gonna come get my stuff and then he did. So then um he was still giving her part
of her, part of his pension to her but then once he decided he wasn't going to do it anymore, she was like well then we should get a divorce then. Guess who paid for it?
Yeah, so I know divorces are really expensive, I'm like these five grand so don't don't
bet happier stuff that you're gonna make it with someone, you're honestly
and I I always work with my husband and I tell him that we should buy more stuff to ensure that we're going to stay together.
Exactly. That's what my uncle, the rich uncle told him. He's like you know sometimes nick it's just easier to keep her, he's like it's cheaper but he tells me he's like so just you know just just see past her crazy stuff and I'm like what's become that crazy? Yeah, that's
just
how they are. And you know, so you're still young and I'm thinking you're probably not married yet
because you're still,
so
just think about it before you take the big and now you don't even need to get married. You know, like the only good things that come out of it, I would say like, besides, you know, loving someone or whatever, like love, love is overrated.
and then you get insurance, you know, so you have both, you know, people, you're on insurance or you can put them on an insurance. Uh, I would say so insurance is a major key. Uh, the fact that your taxes, you can do the tax bracket, you know, together. So that helps. But other than that,
like, honestly,
the
movement
I am write them down. So, you know, because the other therapists argue later when you have to go to, you know, marriage counseling, you're like, now I always tell my list and I'm like, look, I'm like, if we get tired of each other, just let me know. And I'm like the other side of the house and I'll stay
on this side. It's like,
Exactly. So don't don't worry about it, But it was great talking to
you. I'm like, I'm sorry. I can't
see you anymore at home. Like, but if we catch you against, I think you get to do five of these, right?
six.
Okay. So I wasn't too sure. I mean this is the first one that I see like, these are like, this are very different, but I'm down with it. I like it.
Well, it was nice meeting you and hopefully I'll see you next time.
Take
care.