Mhm.
Um Are we supposed to have like questions ready for us, do you know?
Oh I think you just move on to the next page from the link that we copied to open up the conversation. Mhm. Like it's towards the bottom, like there's an arrow. Uh I guess there's no questions on the next, I'm not really sure what they want us to talk about,
that's
what
I
thought
through.
I probably
would
like.
I guess so. Yeah.
Okay. Um Do you have like any interests or hobbies?
Um What kind of games do you play?
I know, I'm sorry. Mhm.
Yeah. Um So I feel like work is my only hobby that I have at this point. Um But for me it's like being outside like doing like outdoorsy stuff um Very active person, I like working out. Um I would say honestly that they're like probably like the main things I like to do in my free time.
Yes, I do like doing hiking. Um I'm trying to figure out more spots like in the state that I am. Uh finding good hiking spots, there's only been one place that I've been hiking to. I haven't really hyped the whole lot. So that's like that was one of my goals this summer was to like buy more hiking spots. But that has been postponed a little to hope. Covid 19.
Well Hello Summer 2021. I guess. What kind of dog do you have?
I have
a chihuahua mix and I also do not have any clue what. Yes.
Mimi.
I'm sorry, I can't hear you.
It's cute.
My dog, we got her when I was like two years into college so I think she's like about six now. So yeah, she's spinning up there. Mhm.
Yes, I think so. I'm not positive to be completely honest.
No, that's
an
old dog.
Um I studied biochemistry. Yes. Very I was very fun but I wouldn't say fun then
time consuming.
What about you? Did you go to college?
Mhm. Very different. English home
to what do you want to do with your degree?
Mhm.
Have you thought about what you want to get your masters in?
Mhm. That sounds cool. Lot of schooling
but I can't be one to talk because I'm trying to be a doctor so yeah and just figure out some more questions since uh does sound like they're not going to give us any problems at all. Uh huh.
Yeah I find it interesting that is just like the title of this is let's have a chat, live conversation and reflection study but what exactly are we reflecting on?
Honestly, I don't remember. Uh huh mm I'm looking through my messages out here um description in this study, you'll be paired up with another person, have a 25 minute conversation. Um um comfortable having this risk from, it really does not talk about oh chats maybe free formed you and your partner can choose what to talk about or guided by a set of questions will provide for you too
like Yeah we're definitely not crazy.
Um Cool that they didn't provide us with those questions. Cool. Cool. Cool. Uh huh. Yes honestly I'm gonna google some questions
well
away.
Um What did I eat for breakfast? So I worked out this morning and I got home and there was christened so I had a crescent and then I ate a race crisp mini rice krispie tree.
Um I didn't hear anything else, no because then I had to get ready for work. So yeah that was my breakfast. What about you?
Anything breakfast dinner for breakfast? I like it.
You're right. You gotta keep life spicy I guess. Mhm. Uh huh. Um What would you consider your perfect day?
I think for me at this point is just being able to see my friends would
be um I think probably I just like doing something outdoors. I don't know whether that's hiking or like, I don't know having like a barbecue or something. Well to like be with like other people. Mm What do you do for work? Thanks.
Um I work as a medical assistant at a clinic. So dealing with patients all day, every day of my life.
And that
this yeah, so like at my job we screen people um before they even come into the clinic. I mean, I'm not saying that like, somebody can't come in and like not have any symptoms and still like technically be positive and not know it. That's probably like the in terms of like with this disease and everything, like part
of the scariest part of our job is like you're out there and you you're like the front line for the whole clinic. I mean that big like it's pretty small but like you have to like screen everybody that company then and like luckily like we do have like enough like um P. P. E. To keep us safe. But like I know there's so many places that are really running low on so many things and it sucks.
That's
something.
Yeah. Uh New questions. If you could be any animal, what would it be and why?
We Mhm.
Um I would consider myself probably to be a cat, not do anything all day, do whatever the fuck I want. Mhm.
I feel like I'm just like, not that I'm not a people's person, but I feel like cats are like the introverts of the pet world and I'm an introvert. So I think I would like definitely be a cash. Mhm.
I would not. I'm like, there's just so like high energies without going like that just screams not me.
Yeah. Yeah. My dog is like high energy all day every day. 24 7. Which I appreciate that she's like that just like I can how is the weather like in your area?
No,
that's
that sounds literally like what we're going through. We had like rain all day today. Honestly look so gloomy. And then we would have days where it's like 80° and we're just confused and we're like, what has happened?
Oh, what's the first thing that you're looking forward to do after we reached the end of this pandemic?
I yeah, I could probably feel that too. I was more of an in class person and like doing online stuff like online would be horrible for me. Mhm. Mhm.
Recently mm I'm currently watching this this like older show, like from I think it's like 2009 called Community. Yeah,
yeah, I started watching it like two weeks ago and I'm like already on like the last season. I'm like, hi, is everybody leaving?
Yeah, but like, I think I'm on like halfway through
this last season, so I'm like, finish it up this weekend, say my goodbyes and starting the show. What about you? Any favorite shows that?
Mm I don't think so.
I'm literally looking this up right now because you have me intrigued
honestly, just looking at the images that I'm finding on google. I'm probably going to watch the show.
Mhm It's definitely on my radar now.
I
look
very
normal but I never watched it.
Why did you like, is it just something that you like your teacher put on for no reason or was it a
yeah.
Well
Yeah um single next question. What would you say your biggest fear is?
I didn't begin class in high school. Oh, how I hated that class. I love me better. But honestly it was worse. Although the teacher was really nice and always gave me a good grade, so it wasn't that bad.
Yes, the anticipation
leading up to it and then like the like what does everybody think after? Yeah,
I this is not, I guess it's kind of a book, it's a poem book, I can't remember the name. Um it's by honestly I fall on instagram so uh huh knocking honey. It's like a book that talks about like short poems that talk about her experience look like life and love and all that stuff and it's like it's like a fast read, but like it's better when you try not to read it fast, if that makes sense.
I
mean,
You have to read other things to understand what you mean.
What is your favorite thing that you own and why?
assuming that you were leaving a burning building and you could take your laptop with you would be the second thing.
Come on. That's cute.
uh huh Not really like looking across my room. I'm like what the hell would I take? I have no clue. There's nothing in here I guess that like screens out like, yeah, this is a super uh huh I guess I have like this small jewelry box that I got when I was a kid in Nicaragua from my aunt. Um that has some jewelry that I've gotten like over the years I'd probably take with me,
but if it wasn't a fire and I just picked something out that I find really important is probably my whole makeup collection, definitely. I love that. I've spent like, I'm guessing somewhere between like a couple of $1,000, which I'm not honestly proud to say at
all.
Magic. The gathering cards.
What's magic? The gathering cards?
Well, I'm glad we feel the same about certain things in our life.
Um Probably the ability of being able to retain information extremely well.
What about you?
How would that go?
Yeah, now you have me intrigued again. I mean, I'm not gonna watch the videos, but I'm just looking at it. I'm like, interesting, interesting.
Oh there's a video that has the caption, beatboxing flu, Super Mario brothers theme, interesting, interesting. Um mm Thanks. If money were, was no object, what would you buy? And
um let's limit it to a top side.
I was thinking of like, I probably by our like make a really like couple of like nice apartments and then like have them rented out for like high prices. Uh huh. Somewhere like in a downtown area
myself.
Oh exactly. Air being the, all the apartments, I wonder how much more profitable it is to Airbnb something versus like rent something out
Because in one month, like I'm assuming with a really nice apartment, like if it was like a one bedroom, like you could probably rent it out for like $1,200 some places. But
like how much more
money do you make if you were renting it out for like I don't know like Like $70 a night or $60 a night. I mean I guess I could just do the math in times like
Would make so much more money because just dividing $1230 and $40.
Well there we go, I'm just gonna Airbnb this
all these apartments all have with this future fake money. Mhm. Did it say? I can't remember how long we have to be on the.
Um So do we just, I'm assuming that we go back to the page that we were on and then answer the questions of whether or not we had connectivity issues.
Um Okay. Mhm. Um so it's 8:50, honestly I can't remember when we started talking to him.
Mhm. So there.
Mhm.
Okay. Okay I guess it's pretty much just asking us questions at this point so I don't get the video up, but it was nice talking to you.
Bye.