Hi. Okay. Right.
Um I don't know that I was just trying to look for. Yeah.
I don't think it mattered. I feel like I read something about trump or something but
then
I
also
think
they said
it's
like
if you don't want the problem is winging it.
Yeah so I don't I don't think they really cared what we talked about as long as we talked about something.
Um I guess video games I guess I also like reading um I like playing with my dog, I like music.
Um The games I'm playing most I guess it's over watched the first person shooter if you heard of it or know what that is?
Yeah what about uh what about your hobbies?
So like you do stuff like hiking guy also like to do hiking.
Yeah. I don't know how many good hiking spots near me but I live like not too far away from Rocky Mountain National Park. So I feel like I go there about every summer, the parking, so that's always super super fun. Yeah, I was going to be able to do anything like that this summer. But uh
Um She is a black lab mix. Not sure what the mixes.
What?
what's your child's name? You know like me asking
maybe. Um Yeah, my my daughter's name is Dakota
Dakota.
I don't think she is a property even then she was like seven years old.
but she was they live quite a while okay.
Like I think what it is first grade teacher And it's still Allah bless you brought the class like every so often and it was like over 20 years old. I think if you look at four people got 21 year old tomorrow.
It
was
yeah, I was old. So uh what are you studying in college?
back.
Oh yeah, I bet.
Uh yeah, wince in my first two years I was a computer science major and then my junior year get switched my major to english and I'm now my senior year getting my english degree. Yeah.
is very
um I haven't like about it through entirely, so I think that is like stay in school, just get a masters and get a
PhD end up teaching that's got out of the flat right now.
I think, I think I'd still like pursue english. Um I guess like the only other thing that I haven't looked that much into is a degree in philosophy because I think that would also be super interesting. I think I think like learning not subjects has been super fun, so I think teaching the subjects will be like pretty clinton as well.
Yeah it is a lot of scoring.
Yes. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah.
They're supposed to be I guess we're reflecting on the on the chat that we have. That is a that's my guess I want. What do you exactly what the purpose of this study was just like observing how people had conversations?
Okay. That's what I thought. Yeah.
No that's good to know.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. All right. Uh I also revealed some portions.
What did you eat? What
did you eat? What did you eat for breakfast? Question they called, it gave up
rice.
Now I had some ravioli. Uh
I mean the different breakfast breakfast and then I got to mix it up sometimes.
Perfect day man. Um Mhm. I think like going whitewater rafting with my friends and I was like hanging out afterwards. It seems seems like a pretty fun day. Mhm.
Highway.
I got I got furloughed for a few months but I am starting Monet. Yeah. And I am a dish watcher slash prep cook. Had a burger restaurant. What are you?
I have I have several friends who are pursuing the doctor path. Thank you. Are not not for me though. They they also have a a few of them I think they're working at hospitals.
Um And one of them in the ward that he was working at. They had a like a confirmed case of covid.
Well,
Yeah. It seems
it
seems really rough.
uh But probably be like of all the deals uh Just because well I'd be will fly and I think I have the least like likely chance of death out of any other bird since I'm protected by by law and all that.
What about you?
You know what if like farm animals? I think I would be, I think I probably just be a dog like just like sleep a lot and I just don't know, get pets.
Uh I, I think that's interesting cause I'm also interested, but I'd rather be a dog.
I guess I guess that the kind of the panel and dog because like mike not now I guess I guess because some older she mostly sleeps a bunch. Like she doesn't have high energy that often. Like he certainly has some time, but he sleeps a lot more and she is too.
Yeah. Um And so when very variable. So like last week it was like really warm one day and then, and then we just like super cold and rainy for like a
few days and now it's really warm again And then there's a few days or something like 30° and the next day it's just like 70° and then the next day it's a 30° again,
it's in the wild.
Just take one city with it please.
Um Honestly is it honestly it's going back to school. I want, I want to be there in person.
All it is uh your like favorite tv show or movie that you recently watched.
Yeah, it's really good.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not a bubble because I didn't dropping out.
Well
show uh I guess we can define because uh maintenance community and this also has Donald glover and but have you seen, have you seen the lamp there?
Um it's uh stars Donald glover and he's like the manager of an up and coming rapper in Atlanta. It's kind of, it's kind of like weird. It's almost like a um what's that, that old show where it's like weird stuff it's called. Oh
because like the last season there was some wild episodes. It was it was weird as hell.
I I think it was very good.
Yeah. Okay. It was Twilight Zone is the show I was thinking of weird show, Twilight show
I
got
there.
I've only watched like a few episodes but they are consistently strange. I think I think the only episode vaccine because we kind of watch them in school.
No, I think I don't remember what the reason was. There was definitely a reason. Um
Honestly I feel like it might have been like some psychology thing or some some english thing but I just can't remember but well Oh I think I think
we watched an episode like as an example of dystopia an English class one time I that is what I recall. Yeah. Yeah.
Um Yeah I guess public speaking. Yeah.
I feel like the thing about public speaking for me is that while I'm doing it it's fine it's the before and after where I'm just like what the hell?
Beautiful.
Mhm. Uh Any good recent books that you read? Alright just come to mind? Yeah.
Yeah that makes sense. Um
For
me it sounds like I know this sounds hella dirty but I've been reading this harry potter fans station um called harry potter and the methods of rationality and it's just like one of those interesting things that I've ever read it's like about as like harry potter. But if harry potter was a genius and a scientist and it's like incorporate science and dramatic and super cool ways that I don't understand. So I have to read look at pd articles. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. I think I've read with a period just as much as I read the book, which which says something about the book.
Um I think I think I feel like the easy answer is my laptop is because I mean I like do everything on my laptop. Um
If I was okay, I am leaving the brain building, I probably I would the laptop will be my second priority. I think I'm referring to be the quilting my grandma. Maybe for my graduation gift for high school was like that's the way the less replaceable than office.
What about you burning fire? What do you think
that's cool.
So
I I know you think that sounds bad but like I've done just as bad with buying um like magic, the gathering cards, like
what?
Um it's like a like a trading card game and I probably spent At least like $2,000 5 cards.
Yeah. Uh if you could learn one Skill or like developed one talent or would it be just like if you just do it, like develop anything?
Oh my god, it's actually it's such a hard idea. Yeah.
now, well that was a good answer. Um I feel like I that I want to like playing an instrument like super well um already quite a few I guess I was there, I have no experience that, I think it would be really cool to be super good at like beatboxing into a flute,
It sounds super cool. There are a few Youtube videos I've seen and it's, it's super cool.
But what I was saying the most is the big guy playing the super Mario scene.
I probably get like, am I limited the one thing or how does this work?
Top five. Okay, then, um, I guess I, well, I think the first thing I can think of is the super nice computer. Um, like if money is no object, I think like that get insane. Bc uh, once I don't currently have, I guess I could also get a, I probably get a Tesla. Um, I guess I'd buy a house somewhere. Um, and also by some company. So I have the future investment money. Yeah.
Yeah. Just just a
review when you're not a parent does Airbnb whenever you're not there.
That's why I don't know.
that's
true.
Yeah. Okay. No. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. You make someone more money
shit.
uh 25 minutes I guess. We've met that by a bit. Mm.
Yeah I think so.
I think it was 8 16,
So 34 minutes. Yeah.
14
Yeah. You too.