SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Oh good. You can hear me? I tried this once before and they couldn't and I didn't know why.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, boomer. Yeah, I'm so glad somebody showed up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well and it's like wait until exactly four o'clock. I'm not really in the habit of staring at my clock to see what it's going to take over. Yeah, I'm molly, What's your name?
SPEAKER_L: my name is Vivian,
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. Bringing to live at
SPEAKER_L: I'm in north Carolina, how about you? It's okay.
SPEAKER_R: actually shaker Heights. There was recently a popular tv show about people in my city apparently called little fires everywhere and it honestly wasn't that far off. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's a
SPEAKER_L: thoroughly
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: enjoyed
SPEAKER_R: point.
SPEAKER_L: that show,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That shaker uh is very divisive.
SPEAKER_L: wow. No. Have you? Did you read the book?
SPEAKER_R: Um I did not have, but pretty much everyone I know did um I just couldn't at the time read emotional content.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've not read the book but the, I really enjoyed the show though,
SPEAKER_R: huh. I'm pretty much like I'm just reading like adventurous, free fantasy, mystery solving. Kind of like I just for the last couple years I've I need something light when I'm reading these days. I don't need any more sad people or stress people in my
SPEAKER_L: I get that and
SPEAKER_R: No, but they did funny things. My son was like had like a whole running thing that his friends are doing like the grocery stores, like one letter off from Hainan's including like the labels and stuff and like all the weird shaker rules are real like we really can't put our trash in front of our house, they like drive little carts behind to get it. Um Yeah and then I'll have to use a big trash can because they individually pick the trash bags out of your trash cans so they have to, every piece of trash is to be tied in. Which is really annoying. If you want to throw trash out from your car, you have to walk into your house and put it in a bag. Yeah. But yeah, that's where I live. It's different. I'm from Seattle, so it's different here.
SPEAKER_L: When did you move to the area that you're in now?
SPEAKER_R: Um Been a while now, I guess, 15 years. Um And then uh uh ST louis for four years before that and then the rest of my life I spent in the Seattle area. So it's been interesting. Have you always been in north Carolina?
SPEAKER_L: No, I've been around too, I grew up in Maryland in ocean city Maryland and then I moved out to Denver and I lived there for a decade and
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: then I
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I lived in michigan for 15 years and then moved down here to north Carolina. Uh
SPEAKER_R: tolerable.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I've been in north Carolina since 2000 and six except I spent two years in California on two separate occasions in between there. So
SPEAKER_R: That's interesting. Which do you
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: you like the most as far as like where you were living? Not necessarily the job or you know what you were doing with your life?
SPEAKER_L: and the reason why I'm back in north Carolina is because I liked it the best. Like
SPEAKER_R: You like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: I hated California both
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: times that I lived there. I was like
SPEAKER_R: Of
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: course.
SPEAKER_L: is not for me. Although
SPEAKER_R: Were you in?
SPEAKER_L: I did love Venture, I lived in ventura first lived
SPEAKER_R: you're in Southern
SPEAKER_L: in southern
SPEAKER_R: California
SPEAKER_L: California for both both
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: years.
SPEAKER_R: northern
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: northern California really has a very pacific northwest vibe in southern California. Like once you drop below san Francisco and below it's a very different world.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's totally different, venter was beautiful and I love being you know right on the ocean and I walked on the promenade every day and that was really beautiful and the town was small and cute and everything but I hated not having seasons because I just loved have seasons and the like the the people weren't as nice as I thought that they were going to be.
SPEAKER_R: fairness.
SPEAKER_L: So to put it, you know in a nice way.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no, that's fair. I'm not a huge fan of southern California myself. A hate heat and the sun. I actually hate the sun, I'm from the Seattle, I like cloudy and I actually, I don't love seasons but only because if it gets too hot or too cold, I'm really just like between 40 and 60 degrees and cloudy is my actual jam. Um because I was usually pretty cloudy but it gets real cold and really hot, so I'm not uh southern California was also, it's just so expensive to um
SPEAKER_L: so that's a yes,
SPEAKER_R: just like the galleria Cleveland, my husband and I joke about this but like the life that we live in Cleveland is so much nicer than the life we would live elsewhere for the same cause I could absolutely not for an hour, didn't I? Alright, my son
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: just ignored me when I said for an hour he's 15, we should be able to remember that since I said
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: it, like
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: he's doing his schoolwork because he didn't do it this morning.
SPEAKER_L: the senior online still.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um Well so interestingly when they started discussing what they were going to do for the high school this year, they were not only making changes related to covid, but the changes they were making were really disadvantages for his long term goals. They were making all the classes one semester which he's on track to do a lot of like the ap sciences and maths doing. He's good at math, but he's not good enough to learn all of his advanced to your head maps in one semester and language for only one semester. Again, that's not a good way to routine a language is to do four months of it. Like we worked really hard to do dueling, go over the summer and stuff, but it's just not, we didn't like what they were doing there, they got rid of all the honors classes and put everyone together, like it was just weird um Which I understood for logistical reasons why they were doing what they were trying to do. Um But we actually, we enrolled him in an online private school that's pretty large, has been around for a while and wasn't crazy expensive. He actually used to go to private school and that was very expensive. Um So it was like, it was like $7000 but turned out to be so much nicer than we thought it would be. And Shaker doesn't allow freshmen to take ap classes that the online school does, so he added two ap classes which are going well, which will bump him a little bit higher and then you can take one last his junior year when he's trying to do S. A. T. S to overall everything that's gone wrong this year. This is like moving what we did with this education all three of us think was the right call for us. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, although on days like today is thursday music practice, he did his english because he likes it but I know he still has math left and we're supposed to go to his eye appointment and so I'm like you got to get it done by five. Yeah. Ah
SPEAKER_L: man I can't imagine being a teenager in high school now
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: cannot
SPEAKER_R: yeah he misses sports. Um He was so excited to theater program, he misses that. He's a big music kid, he was excited to finally be in like a separated advanced orchestra. I mean he does other orchestras but those
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: are all online or canceled right now. So um he is so social um and so for him this is really hard
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can imagine. Uh
SPEAKER_R: and I don't know what it looks like the north Carolina but Kaiser county is like it's like edging on purple. Our hospitals are full its rapid spread so everything is really very shut down. Um So
SPEAKER_L: The L. A. Times posted like a covid um probability map yesterday on instagram and so you can go in and plug in your county and like put in um like you're going to go to an event that's going to have 50 people let's say. And it'll tell you
SPEAKER_R: goodness.
SPEAKER_L: the percentage of you know your likelihood of getting covid if you go to an event however many people. So
SPEAKER_R: where am
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: was curious because I don't really see
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: a lot happening here. I mean everybody is wearing their masks for the most part and I really only leave my house once a week so I'm not really out in public that much but even if I were to go to, let's say I went to the grocery store and there were 50 people in the grocery store, there would be a 29% chance that I would get covid
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: high.
SPEAKER_L: in my county. And I'm like, yeah, I'm going to stay with my one day a week, leaving the house and that's almost done. I'm in college right now and my
SPEAKER_R: Forget
SPEAKER_L: semester
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: actually wraps up on Tuesday and then I won't have any need to really leave my house
SPEAKER_R: What about
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: man?
SPEAKER_L: until the spring semester starts, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we were going out a little more, we were at least like doing more pick up like we weren't eating at restaurants but we were doing more pick up for a while and I was actually going to the grocery store once a week but we're back to delivery at this point we are going to my son's eye appointment but that's because when we need the eye appointment in august this was the first one they had because they were so backlogged. Um
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: And he's been complaining for a bit so he does need new glasses. But we're uh everything feels so risky. I have um had whooping cough as a child and I have serious lung damage. I have one lobe and my doctor was like, you can't catch this, you'll die. So I'm trying not to catch this die. But this is actually kind of an interesting. My son is in the 13 to 15 year old Pfizer vaccine trial and today Marks is 28 days since his first vaccine. Which means in theory, preliminary results came out for that vaccine this week at 90% which means that in theory as of today, my son is a 90% effective vaccine. Um which means that I can drop him off at the grocery store and wait in the car and he can go in and get all the groceries
SPEAKER_L: Here you
SPEAKER_R: number.
SPEAKER_L: go. Life skills.
SPEAKER_R: But not at Costco Costco would want you purchased us if you're um, not over 18. I know, because we tried once. Um, so that's actually kind of exciting for and it means that we feel comfortable flying him out to visit family or um, honestly my best friend in Utah, we skipped all of all of our, my best friends in Utah and that's where I go three times a year, but my son missed all of his big ski trips last winter. So this year we can now feel like we can fly him to go visit them and like actually do some real snowboarding.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: Um, is there a home school anyway? So they're just always home. Um, although man probed is a mess. Like it's interesting to look at maps of the coronavirus and it really is just so city centric. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is. It really is.
SPEAKER_R: And it's interesting to listen to my few friends that really livin genuinely rural areas should not be stressed about it. Um And his kids are still going to school, it's not a problem. All most of them are very mess with some of them are that's okay. Just like oh that's that sounds nice, we like yell at our neighbors from like 20 ft away, how are we going?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right, right. I live in Nashville and it's it's not as bad as it was when we had all the tourists coming in town um for
SPEAKER_R: why
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: does that sound familiar as something I recognized for being something? Is it beach?
SPEAKER_L: renew noon.
SPEAKER_R: The beach.
SPEAKER_L: No, we're in the mountains of western north Carolina but were newer beer city usa for a few years. Um we have a lot of breweries, we have a really vibrant art scene here. Um
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: just,
SPEAKER_R: figure out what it is. Friends of ours used to live there. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, it's a great place. It,
SPEAKER_R: The name of the Salem I think.
SPEAKER_L: once a sale is about an hour and a half, two hours from here. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Okay that's why it's kind of like, I feel like that's a thing like I should have known it for some reason but. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: pretty hip. It's pretty hip. I live just outside of Asheville, like literally like just over the city line and another
SPEAKER_R: Along
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: with that.
SPEAKER_L: suburban part. I mean it's just outgrowth of Asheville basically, but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What was pretty
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: there? We don't
SPEAKER_L: it's gorgeous.
SPEAKER_R: eat out for thanksgiving once actually. So I technically think I've been there, it was really lovely. I was surprised at how mountainous it was and I thought that actually wasn't that far from Cleveland. I still get I still to get used to the idea that Cleveland is like really just seven hours from east coast so
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: not too
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: far.
SPEAKER_R: think it was a long hours to north Carolina. It was
SPEAKER_L: I had a really great friend, my birthday twin actually, her and her husband lived in Cincinnati for a few years and it only took me 5.5 hours to get from Nashville in Cincinnati. It was a really pretty straight, you know, we just go up 75 basically to get there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah its instant is like four hours away from us. I've been a couple times. It's different. It's very flat there and very close plucky. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: yep.
SPEAKER_R: we are much closer to michigan. Where did you live in Michigan?
SPEAKER_L: We're here on, just across the river from Sarnia Canada. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so up north and where it's real pretty.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, up on the thumb, so about right here on the thumb,
SPEAKER_R: Well that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's about an hour, 45 minutes to an hour north of Detroit I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we've we've been in the area, my son did competitive gymnastics for about 10 years and while the girls if there's as of 10 years ago there was about there's about 100 and 10 girls in the U. S. G. A. And 1,010,000 girls and just 10,000 boys in
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: the US. So which means have real meets the closest meets we would do would be in columbus that the rest were up your Detroit in indiana. Like we really had to travel for five or six years and there was a lot in michigan, the big gymnastic state with kind of a weird thing to say. Um But well in university of michigan like school michigan is usually a top three. So.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, gymnastics and ice skating big up in michigan.
SPEAKER_R: Well ice
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: skating makes sense to me. My husband was telling the other day that I guess whoever won that he was telling me I would ask something about who won the Stanley cup and he told me who was and I was like where there was, it was like texas or florida, I was like, they have
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: ice skating teams. Yeah. Apparently texas and florida. How nice to meet even one of them when he chose to him last
SPEAKER_L: dark, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know. Not a sport that is very popular together. Although Vancouver these that connects has a, has a hockey team, definitely not quite hockey people, although I've been to some games and discovered it's very entertaining to watch and it's surprisingly graceful and athletic. Like I didn't realize that they would do like I've seen them like they'll catch the puck on their thing in the air, which is crazy and they'll like catch it and throw it, which like when I didn't even know that was like things. So
SPEAKER_L: implemented.
SPEAKER_R: a little call down and get back up and you're unsure how they did that. It looks like they literally were on strings and they
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just like
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: like, I can barely keep my feet under me when I have my skin's on, so
SPEAKER_R: I work
SPEAKER_L: I can't even
SPEAKER_R: but it seems like all the kids here kind of do learn to skate and even our sons, even though he's not like great, he actually could get out and do it because there was enough birthday parties and little kids would do the little skating things. Um I guess the only kids I know who skate really seriously are both girls and they're super in the hockey, like they're like super passionate about it and that was eight years old and their path make them huge and really quite adorable. Uh Fun. Well you've really lived all over, that's fun. A
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: I've been to Seattle, I love Seattle and I had a really good friend that lived just outside of Portland Oregon. I love Portland. My youngest son was stationed on Whidbey Island for a couple years, so
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: I visited
SPEAKER_R: dad was
SPEAKER_L: him
SPEAKER_R: born
SPEAKER_L: out there
SPEAKER_R: there,
SPEAKER_L: couple times. Um, so
SPEAKER_R: Ricky bobby, the
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: whole
SPEAKER_L: beautiful. I love the pacific northwest and I'm just like, you give me a rainy day, like 50 degrees, you know, like Yes,
SPEAKER_R: like I want to wear a scarf and a light jacket and she was just using a shirt, right, I don't want to have to wear layers of their
SPEAKER_L: that's right. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's Cleveland. I Cleveland has grown on me. It's now like I was figuring out that like in a few years I'll have lived in Cleveland as long as I live in Washington and then after that it will be the longest place I've lived my whole life. And I will say when we first got here, we moved here, assuming it would be very temporary. We came here for law school is the best school to get my husband a full ride. And it has been progressively improved city. Like it's been improving and changing not just Cleveland, but also like the university district where the universities are as well as kind of the eastern suburb before we live in those first western suburbs have gotten more engaging, more arts, more people who care about the city's. People actually moved back into the city of Cleveland. They tore down all of the derelict high rises or most of them anyway. Um And have really kind of done a good job where it feels more like a place you want to be unless like a rusty rust belt city. Um So that's good. Um And we discovery.
SPEAKER_L: progress is good. You know, I would rather hear that there is some positive movement than to feel like things are going downhill.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I think it's not quite the same as gentrification either um because most of the areas still not great actually, it's sort of like they improved from here and they improved from here but it sort of looks like a doughnut of um like midtown which has not got a lot better, but downtown was really just empty almost, it was like all the big businesses have moved away. Um But if you like theater, it's a great place for theatre, if you like classical music from the best cities in the country. Um where you can afford to both
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: see music classical music and perform classical music. So it's got things that I like. Um
SPEAKER_L: Nice. I didn't know that there was a big classical music scene there. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: there is Cleveland orchestra is usually right around the top five orchestras in the country and that's been the case for like over 100 years. Um And they do a lot of international, they're well known internationally, I'm unsure how that happened, but apparently that's always been the case. Uh The Cleveland Institute of Music is a high end conservatory here. Um A lot of international students, well not as much
SPEAKER_L: dr
SPEAKER_R: as the last couple of years, there was some visa problems after the term see um But uh it's for string specifically, it's an excellent classical music school. It's been interesting because I'm not from a huge classical music family, but it's been interesting because our son has been playing the Charles since he's four now,
SPEAKER_L: It is my favorite instrument. Oh, I love
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: it the best, isn't
SPEAKER_L: makes
SPEAKER_R: there?
SPEAKER_L: me cry when I hear it played well. It's so wonderful.
SPEAKER_R: It really is the most beautiful instrument and I think it might be because I think it is better at evoking emotion than any other string instruments. I think it has the closest register to the human voice and that why we like it more than violence if we're listening. Um, and also I think people look french horns because I think it's in that same range of like an emotional thing that's easier for us to connect to
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think
SPEAKER_R: former.
SPEAKER_L: you're right about that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But it's uh, it's been interesting to find out how, um, how that really community strong classical musicians are and how much work and dedication is and how most of them are not making a crap ton of money and the ones who are donate so much of their time and care towards Children's programs and master classes and things for people who are excited about classical music. Um it's been really lovely to see, but also just like so expensive. It's the most expensive activity you can come up with. Um, but it's, it's been interesting and I think if we had ended up in a different city that it wouldn't have happened that way, like my son would be a different person, we would be different people if we hadn't been in Cleveland. Um So that's always kind of interesting to wonder how much our lives change or how much we have changed depending on where we were and the things that we found at the time, I guess. Um
SPEAKER_L: Well, in such an impact that the
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: arts
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: have on people. I mean, my oldest son is a professional contemporary dancer in Chicago and like he wouldn't be, you know that if we didn't live in the area of michigan that had like he was huge and to theater when he was in high school and he was the marching band and then he was just always very creative and so when he went to university
SPEAKER_R: I think,
SPEAKER_L: and was invited to audition for dance, he fell in love with it and it was like changed his life
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: check.
SPEAKER_R: that's interesting that he didn't start doing so contemporary ballet is usually people who are pretty well trained in classical dance. Um
SPEAKER_L: he doesn't do ballet, he does jazz, so he's a contemporary jazz dancer.
SPEAKER_R: well I don't
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: I just love it, it's so amazing and he just I mean it's his life and like you were saying about people that are in the community, how much they all look out for each other. I mean it's the same way in the dance community. I mean it's so amazing how big a big family everybody is and looking out for each other and they don't make a lot of money, but they do it because they love what they're doing and it's just so amazing.
SPEAKER_R: I'm always impressed by people who dance because I feel like it's like it just as hard on your, it's so hard on your body to musicians for the most part, for the most part. I mean a lot of them end up with like neck problems but for the most part or at least not in danger of injuring themselves all the time and being really put out um of what they're doing.
SPEAKER_L: It's it's been hard for his company because their last two shows that they had, everybody had to wear masks. So I was just like the first time they have their first show back in july and I was like, I can't believe you guys did that whole hour long show and everybody was wearing a mask and you're doing all this stuff that I couldn't even imagine doing. I can only one to hike breeze um and it's just amazing
SPEAKER_R: Well she used to do theater, he probably used to able to sing and dance at the same time, excellent lung control, very hard to sing and dance
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: the same, I did theater and I'm a great singer, I'm a pretty good actor, not a great dancer but singing and dancing at the same time was so hard for me. Um It was just like I just, I just, I don't have the breath control and all those years of lessons to teach me how to sing correctly, do not incorporate, also moving a lot of like the body positioning, which does not include any of this. Uh so hard. My sister was much better at it than I was much, she's lovely actress actually. Um but she could sing and dance and I think it's because she was still an excellent soccer player and actually had to like long capacity to uh no, I'm assuming they will just in great cardio shape basket. Well, I'm glad that they're actually able to do concerts. My son was genuinely considering and working towards going to a conservatory and being a professional musician until this last year and he really knew he was going to have to make a decision um coming up because it would change how he approached high school. Um, and how he approached his free time and watching everyone he knew suddenly not have any work. And a lot of the orchestra's furloughing people completely, some of them just keeping insurance. It depends on how long the orchestra's been around and what their endowment looks like. But basically everyone who, even the ones who had good jobs, the difference between like a necessary job and an apparently unnecessary job. We're really uh kind of shocking to see and he's pivoted and has decided that he's just going to keep pursuing it. Um, it's more of a hobby and less of a light bulb, so
SPEAKER_L: What is he thinking about focusing on now?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, he has a full plan. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Three?
SPEAKER_R: he's decided he wants to be a resident of New Zealand. And when I say this, I say this not as like, oh, he just whimsically came up with this. He's, but I'm married to an asian man. And my husband and my son are both very much type a makeup plan follow through, succeed at planned people. Um, so long he originally, he was thinking a doctor, a dentist, but new Zealand, it doesn't really let americans migrate to new Zealand randomly because they don't want us because we're crap. Um, according to new Zealand, they're not 100% wrong. Um, they have their list of long term job shortages for which you can get residency licenses and the one that most appealed to him as physical therapy. He's loved all the political therapist, he's had a three year doctorate program doesn't pay great in America like dealing with a doctorate and like you're averaging 80,000 year, which doesn't phenomenal, but it's in a growth industry book here and around the world and definitely new Zealand, so they very employable, consistent job and he loves working with people. Um He thinks to be very good at it and the hours would most likely be, you know, he's never getting up working night shifts. Well that's his current plan is to be physical therapy. Um
SPEAKER_L: Has he
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: ever been to new Zealand? What, what's his interest there? Just because
SPEAKER_R: interestingly
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: we have traveled extensively because traveling is my favorite thing in the whole wide world and one of the few places we haven't been his new Zealand. However, he's pretty convinced that the, to rising sea levels and the recent evaporation of the methane under the ice sheets that the world is going to be in 50 years underwater or not under water, but just the way the world is now is not going to be usable. So I can get to New Zealand in the next 10 years. It's one of the most, it will probably be one of the least affected places in the world as far as serious damages from rising sea levels in Jerusalem.
SPEAKER_L: I would have
SPEAKER_R: Where
SPEAKER_L: thought,
SPEAKER_R: do you think is
SPEAKER_L: I would
SPEAKER_R: not?
SPEAKER_L: have thought maybe it would have been the opposite for their, it's definitely on my bucket list to go and I would think man,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I should go soon before the world goes to shit
SPEAKER_R: well right, so it has a ton of coastal area but a lot of its cities are not actually at, so it's built more like a Seattle, so a lot of its mountains into the ocean. So instead of being like new york where as the waters rise, it's literally going to cover where all of the things are built more like this. So a lot of the cities will be more safe and if the world really shuts down, New Zealand has more than enough land currently and is currently producing enough crop and animals to feed the population of New Zealand healthily and there's not a lot of wider poverty, it's an excellent developed nation. He likes that, there's lady presidents. Um He
SPEAKER_L: she's a badass too.
SPEAKER_R: she just kind of our time, right? Um A friend of mine, I hope. I don't offend you. This is a very good friend of mine sent me a meme recently who's an ex mormon. And the meme was, it was a comment from one of the profits. It was like where would you be without the church? It was just a picture of the president. She said it to me, she's she's currently experiencing a little anger. Um but it was, yeah, she's pretty awesome. Um but my husband is also a big snowboarder. Um he's like, he's making full plants. So he's found a program for college students who, because new Zealand's actually really short people to work in the tourism industry for the snow stuff in the winter. Been a program that hires american college students to go out for their summers to work the mountains. Um Like he's dedicated to becoming a kiwi um which is fine. He just abandon my husband. I don't live in Cleveland forever. Um
SPEAKER_L: Uh you guys open set him a bunch, I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: Well who wouldn't mind traveling there? It's on my list. Um I just haven't made it to new Zealand partially because I feel like if I get all the way there, I have to spend time there, I'm very much like my travel time should not be a significant portion of the trip. Um So uh like for example, I did the last, last year we took his last thanksgiving vacation. Shaker gives the whole week off so people can take nine day vacations every fall, um which we were taking advantage of, but we did Croatia, um pennsylvania and a little bit of italy and a little bit of Bosnia. Um but like nine days is my absolute limit for flying to europe from here because five days seven it just does not work. The actual flight time and the helpful airports. So I feel like if I'm going to New Zealand had to be at least two weeks. I feel
SPEAKER_L: absolutely,
SPEAKER_R: like I was there. I should go to Australia even I'm afraid of spiders. Um Like I think there's so many places with spiders but something about Australia just there's just too many, there's just too many and they're big. Some of them from here is big or
SPEAKER_L: have never thought of Australia in relation to spiders, so
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: to look
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: that up now,
SPEAKER_R: poisonous
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: species of spiders and Julian than anywhere else. They have tiny spiders that are poisonous and big spiders are poisonous. They have aggressive poisonous spiders. I read an article about a man who was working on a construction site. You got bit by an extremely poisonous spider on his v we when he went in the outhouse and then he recovered and he went back to work a month later and it happened again literally the least like the outhouse man in Australia. And they also have these huge, huge spiders that will come indoors like big spiders. Yeah. No, I just don't want you, you know, doesn't have any of these fighters by the way. Really hard to keep them all. Um, but no, he's he really wants to be in New Zealand and you know I have a small family, he sees him once a year. He has friends here but he's not, I mean my husband's family is mostly in Taiwan. I mean he's there's really not much keeping him to America and he doesn't feel very american anyway. So um,
SPEAKER_L: well he can pick a more beautiful place, I think it's like I said it's on my list because it's beautiful and the people, even though they think that americans are not the best, they're really good people, they're really really great people.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, 100%. And uh he was like reading statistics on like the happiest countries to live in New Zealand tops out on that great national health care for the most part. Um it's got all the things that he's looking for in the places he wants to be and it's fairly affordable um compared to like ST Switzerland or he doesn't really want to live in europe anyway. Um and New Zealand is not known for being particularly racist in its asians and while I have tried to convince them that in most parts of the country, asians are not usually there are very few asians where we live and they do get crap from the other kids sometimes. So um but it was fairly common minority to be asian in New Zealand. So um yeah, he's very dedicated to it and my husband checked there is chain migration. So if he really loves it, we could fingers crossed make it happen. Um I'm, my husband were actually just looking at our finances and we are considering expanding for retirement, but we're looking at Costa rica um for like affordability lifestyle. My spanish is okay. Um It's great for me and my husband's okay with it. Um But just it's really nice there. Um And I've been probably 10 times. I just I'm in mom and where we would live in the temperate rainforest, it's like not quite a temperate rainforest, but it's a cloud rainforest. It's a little cooler raids every day. Always cloudy, never cold. Never.
SPEAKER_L: beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: get sunburned even though I was so close to the equator, it's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: really just like my sweet through.
SPEAKER_L: sounds like the perfect place for you.
SPEAKER_R: So are you planning on staying in north Carolina, used to doing school there, Did you go there for the school? Are you just doing school on top of your work?
SPEAKER_L: I'm done. I retired from work, I was in the theater industry, the movie theater industry. Um And so now I'm on to part two of my life and
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: studying to be a psychologist. Um And then eventually I want to retire up to New England. Um I went to my first year of university, way back way a long, long time ago in Maine and I loved Main uh loved it. Um
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I love massachusetts, A love massachusetts, so probably I'll move somewhere and retire somewhere in there.
SPEAKER_R: Are you doing the master's counseling
SPEAKER_L: I am. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: frank? Well I have been considering doing a masters of counseling one of my three bachelors degrees because yes I have life problems is in psychology and that was the plan for next year. But now it's not so. Oh
SPEAKER_L: it is a little bit different, Most of my classes are online, I have one class that I have to go one time a week into school for, but everything else is online, so it's fine for me. I'm an introvert, so I prefer not to have to go anywhere anyway. Um But that's the reason why
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I leave my house once a week because I have to go to class.
SPEAKER_R: well let's make funds. Well a lot of it has been like how long it takes to get the licensing in. Ohio is it's like 1400 hours afterwards. And my husband I were like working out the money because he's a little bit older than me so he's 20 years from retirement. Um And by the time I finished licensing and got a job I think I could go for fairly inexpensive. I retook my Grs that was something I did during the pandemic I actually paid for and take the math class. Actually get better math scores in my G. R. E. So my dear of course are phenomenal now. So I they're really good now. They were good except for the math before. Uh That was like my project which is done now. Um But it's I just can't it just seems like so long to not be.
SPEAKER_L: It is, I mean, you know, my current program is going to be 3.5 years before I'm done with my masters. So, and if I want to go into research, then I have to do another year and a half to two years for my PhD. So I haven't decided on that yet because if I if I decide on doing a PhD, then I'm going to be almost 60 by the time I'm done and I'm just like, no, I don't want to be that old. I'd rather I think I'm comfortable enough just, you know, doing counseling and being happy with that.
SPEAKER_R: Well and you know the psychology was the last one I got because I had a double major in creative writing and biology because I never
SPEAKER_L: Dinner
SPEAKER_R: decided and I thought I was a senior and went
SPEAKER_L: terrible.
SPEAKER_R: to define I realized that I was pretty close for both of them. Um And I did over like I finished two years ago but over like four years I did an online program and did the B. A. In psychology and I think I would enjoy being counselor but I mostly but 100% just want to write research papers, that's all I want to do. And realistically the amount of money it would take to get the PhD versus I'm really kind of old, I'm never going to get a tenured position. I know how much my friends who teach classes are making, they're making less than anyone students cost of the class. It's so low um that it would just be sort of just a way to spend my time. It wouldn't everybody off, but that's just that I think I just want to write
SPEAKER_L: Perfect.
SPEAKER_R: papers, I just want to do research and write papers. Um And so I'm pivoting and trying to decide if I'm interested in possibly writing grants because I enjoy that.
SPEAKER_L: Well, there you go. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: uh And it if it's what I like to do well which is to buy myself and write and read journal articles. Um You know um kind of a weird thing to break into, I've been talking with a multi professor about it um asking her what she thinks because it's kind of a weird, there's not like a degree in grant writing um it's a weird thing to break into. Um
SPEAKER_L: But if
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you're a good writer, if you, if you really have strong writing skills and it's something that you enjoy, it would probably be something that would be really fulfilling to you. Even if it doesn't pay you a lot of money, it would still be something that maybe would be filling.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I just think, I don't know as I get older, I realize I less and must care about professional success, which is so bizarre, I think it's just
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: care
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: less what people think about me and my priorities used to be what people thought about my intellect and now
SPEAKER_L: I could give two shakes
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: care
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: anymore.
SPEAKER_L: me anymore. Yeah. Doesn't matter anymore.
SPEAKER_R: But also the, I mean I did a minor in scientific writing and I really love that kind of writing. Creative writing is fun, but you can never know if you did it perfectly, but with writing I actually did right, so I've worked on a couple of grand proposals, you can really get something where each sentence is perfect and everything is addressed perfectly and there's something really satisfying about it. Uh So yeah, I think it would be something enjoyable. That's a cool pivot you made though. I like that. And I think people in theater really, I think every aspect of the theater, even the people who are doing lighting for example are pretty good with in motion. I think it's the word I'm looking for. Like an inability to empathize or sense what other people are feeling. Um So that would be probably a good how that I
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: was, it was a pretty easy segue for sure to
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: be like,
SPEAKER_R: like this
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: far.
SPEAKER_L: this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm loving it. Yeah, That's great.
SPEAKER_R: That's good. It was nice to meet you. I think we did
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: our
SPEAKER_L: nice for me to, yeah, We did it. You better go because you gotta take your son to get his eyes done here
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: in 20
SPEAKER_R: we're leaving
SPEAKER_L: minutes.
SPEAKER_R: at five the appointments of 5 30.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I've got 20 minutes. I got control of my team. Well, thank you for
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: luck to you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. He was well and congratulations on finishing. You said you're finishing the semester
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: protect
SPEAKER_L: have another. I still have a little bit of time to go but
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: I am finishing the semester on Tuesday this semester will be done and then I'm
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: off for two months. So then it's like yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that is nice. You can just like cuddle up in your house, stay
SPEAKER_L: I'm just
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: going to read some novels. That's what I'm gonna do. That's the plan.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. Well thank you so much and have a wonderful day.
SPEAKER_L: Alright. You too. Take care
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Bye.