Hello?
Oh no, boomer. Yeah, I'm so glad somebody showed up.
my name is Vivian,
I'm in north Carolina, how about you? It's okay.
I
thoroughly
enjoyed
that show,
wow. No. Have you? Did you read the book?
Yeah, I've not read the book but the, I really enjoyed the show though,
I get that and
When did you move to the area that you're in now?
No, I've been around too, I grew up in Maryland in ocean city Maryland and then I moved out to Denver and I lived there for a decade and
then I
yeah, I lived in michigan for 15 years and then moved down here to north Carolina. Uh
yeah, I've been in north Carolina since 2000 and six except I spent two years in California on two separate occasions in between there. So
you
know,
and the reason why I'm back in north Carolina is because I liked it the best. Like
I
I hated California both
times that I lived there. I was like
this
is not for me. Although
I did love Venture, I lived in ventura first lived
in southern
California for both both
years.
But
yeah it's totally different, venter was beautiful and I love being you know right on the ocean and I walked on the promenade every day and that was really beautiful and the town was small and cute and everything but I hated not having seasons because I just loved have seasons and the like the the people weren't as nice as I thought that they were going to be.
So to put it, you know in a nice way.
so that's a yes,
It's
And
and then
the senior online still.
Oh that's good.
man I can't imagine being a teenager in high school now
I just
cannot
that
Yeah I can imagine. Uh
The L. A. Times posted like a covid um probability map yesterday on instagram and so you can go in and plug in your county and like put in um like you're going to go to an event that's going to have 50 people let's say. And it'll tell you
the percentage of you know your likelihood of getting covid if you go to an event however many people. So
I
was curious because I don't really see
a lot happening here. I mean everybody is wearing their masks for the most part and I really only leave my house once a week so I'm not really out in public that much but even if I were to go to, let's say I went to the grocery store and there were 50 people in the grocery store, there would be a 29% chance that I would get covid
here
in my county. And I'm like, yeah, I'm going to stay with my one day a week, leaving the house and that's almost done. I'm in college right now and my
semester
actually wraps up on Tuesday and then I won't have any need to really leave my house
at
all
until the spring semester starts, so.
You know?
Here you
go. Life skills.
It's
is. It really is.
Yeah. Right, right. I live in Nashville and it's it's not as bad as it was when we had all the tourists coming in town um for
the
renew noon.
No, we're in the mountains of western north Carolina but were newer beer city usa for a few years. Um we have a lot of breweries, we have a really vibrant art scene here. Um
it's
just,
yeah, yeah, it's a great place. It,
once a sale is about an hour and a half, two hours from here. Yeah,
pretty hip. It's pretty hip. I live just outside of Asheville, like literally like just over the city line and another
little
suburban part. I mean it's just outgrowth of Asheville basically, but yeah.
not
it's gorgeous.
it's
not too
far.
I had a really great friend, my birthday twin actually, her and her husband lived in Cincinnati for a few years and it only took me 5.5 hours to get from Nashville in Cincinnati. It was a really pretty straight, you know, we just go up 75 basically to get there.
yep.
We're here on, just across the river from Sarnia Canada. Yeah,
yeah, up on the thumb, so about right here on the thumb,
Yeah, it's about an hour, 45 minutes to an hour north of Detroit I guess. Yeah.
Hello?
yeah, gymnastics and ice skating big up in michigan.
What?
What?
dark, yeah.
implemented.
I
know,
I don't
like, I can barely keep my feet under me when I have my skin's on, so
I can't even
yeah,
and
I've been to Seattle, I love Seattle and I had a really good friend that lived just outside of Portland Oregon. I love Portland. My youngest son was stationed on Whidbey Island for a couple years, so
I visited
him
out there
couple times. Um, so
it's
beautiful. I love the pacific northwest and I'm just like, you give me a rainy day, like 50 degrees, you know, like Yes,
that's right. Mhm.
progress is good. You know, I would rather hear that there is some positive movement than to feel like things are going downhill.
What?
Nice. I didn't know that there was a big classical music scene there. That's cool.
dr
It is my favorite instrument. Oh, I love
it
makes
me cry when I hear it played well. It's so wonderful.
Yeah, I think
you're right about that. Yeah.
Well, in such an impact that the
arts
have on people. I mean, my oldest son is a professional contemporary dancer in Chicago and like he wouldn't be, you know that if we didn't live in the area of michigan that had like he was huge and to theater when he was in high school and he was the marching band and then he was just always very creative and so when he went to university
and was invited to audition for dance, he fell in love with it and it was like changed his life
check.
he doesn't do ballet, he does jazz, so he's a contemporary jazz dancer.
And
I just love it, it's so amazing and he just I mean it's his life and like you were saying about people that are in the community, how much they all look out for each other. I mean it's the same way in the dance community. I mean it's so amazing how big a big family everybody is and looking out for each other and they don't make a lot of money, but they do it because they love what they're doing and it's just so amazing.
It's it's been hard for his company because their last two shows that they had, everybody had to wear masks. So I was just like the first time they have their first show back in july and I was like, I can't believe you guys did that whole hour long show and everybody was wearing a mask and you're doing all this stuff that I couldn't even imagine doing. I can only one to hike breeze um and it's just amazing
That's
What is he thinking about focusing on now?
Three?
Has he
ever been to new Zealand? What, what's his interest there? Just because
the
I would have
thought,
I would
have thought maybe it would have been the opposite for their, it's definitely on my bucket list to go and I would think man,
I should go soon before the world goes to shit
she's a badass too.
Uh you guys open set him a bunch, I'm sure.
absolutely,
have never thought of Australia in relation to spiders, so
I have
to look
that up now,
no
well he can pick a more beautiful place, I think it's like I said it's on my list because it's beautiful and the people, even though they think that americans are not the best, they're really good people, they're really really great people.
beautiful.
All
What?
sounds like the perfect place for you.
I'm done. I retired from work, I was in the theater industry, the movie theater industry. Um And so now I'm on to part two of my life and
I'm
studying to be a psychologist. Um And then eventually I want to retire up to New England. Um I went to my first year of university, way back way a long, long time ago in Maine and I loved Main uh loved it. Um
And
I love massachusetts, A love massachusetts, so probably I'll move somewhere and retire somewhere in there.
I am. Mhm.
it is a little bit different, Most of my classes are online, I have one class that I have to go one time a week into school for, but everything else is online, so it's fine for me. I'm an introvert, so I prefer not to have to go anywhere anyway. Um But that's the reason why
I leave my house once a week because I have to go to class.
It is, I mean, you know, my current program is going to be 3.5 years before I'm done with my masters. So, and if I want to go into research, then I have to do another year and a half to two years for my PhD. So I haven't decided on that yet because if I if I decide on doing a PhD, then I'm going to be almost 60 by the time I'm done and I'm just like, no, I don't want to be that old. I'd rather I think I'm comfortable enough just, you know, doing counseling and being happy with that.
Dinner
terrible.
Perfect.
Well, there you go. Mhm.
But if
you're a good writer, if you, if you really have strong writing skills and it's something that you enjoy, it would probably be something that would be really fulfilling to you. Even if it doesn't pay you a lot of money, it would still be something that maybe would be filling.
I
have
I could give two shakes
what
people
think
about
me anymore. Yeah. Doesn't matter anymore.
It
was, it was a pretty easy segue for sure to
be like,
I'm gonna
do
this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm loving it. Yeah, That's great.
It's
nice for me to, yeah, We did it. You better go because you gotta take your son to get his eyes done here
in 20
minutes.
Well
good
luck to you
now.
I
still
have another. I still have a little bit of time to go but
I am finishing the semester on Tuesday this semester will be done and then I'm
off for two months. So then it's like yeah.
I'm just
going to read some novels. That's what I'm gonna do. That's the plan.
Alright. You too. Take care