Okay. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Yeah. Question. Right. Uh huh Oh, Mhm. All right. Yeah, I don't know. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. All right. Uh huh And God. Mm Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But er Yeah. Yeah. Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Yeah. Uh huh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I Uh huh Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Whoa. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'm not Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Two maybe. Mhm Yeah. All right. Oh, Mhm Yeah. Trouble. Oh yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Mhm. That would be wonderful. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah, you can do it, Yeah. Uh Uh huh Uh huh Okay. Uh All the time to anyone, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh, I'll never forget. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Okay. Yeah. Uh huh Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh, wow. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah.
Do you hear
my name is Jeff, Nice to meet you Sean.
I'm up in Oregon,
you're
in a small town, are in a big city,
kind of by Salem or just south of Salem in a smaller town about 60,000 people.
Yeah that's not bad prices are getting higher though. We moved up here from California thinking
we had it made
and then
it
is so my wife and I met in san Diego and then uh she was from this area so we moved back up here to be close to family and everything and uh it was just like we had California
money coming into Oregon who are like yeah we're good, we're good and now we're looking around it's like all the house prices are like but it was done in san Diego 10 years ago.
and
Oh that's nice. That's great. Yeah that's about what it was when we moved up here mm.
All right. Yes but it's good, moderate weather, the rain isn't too bad like everybody thinks
that's the interesting thing some people like like my sister she lived up here before I did and she just she couldn't think of raising her family here. So she moved out saying that it was like to gloomy and dark all the time and like I get up here and I'm like this is fine. Good.
this
is
sure. Yeah I visited Missouri a few times when I was a kid. My parents were from Kansas city so we're back there for family reunions every four years.
that's very cool. But
yeah. How long have you been with? Prolific.
Yeah.
It comes in waves, so sometimes uh it will be a drought and my wife is getting all the surveys and then other times I'm getting all the surveys and she's like I just wish I was like guy, you get all the servants.
What
people
who?
Yeah I am.
That's been pretty
steady though, We
use it as like an allowance so we don't spend any of
like uh like our work money for like personal stuff. I can see all my pops back there. Those are often like survey
money and stuff.
I
do I. T. For our school
district around here and one of the network engineers.
What do you do?
So for what we call facilities, is that what you guys call it? Too? Nice.
we were close with those guys, we share a building with them off in the outskirts of town and so we're real tight with all of those guys.
it was
all
for the most part we did too, but we got a bunch of bond work recently, so we've been uh we've built a brand new school, not to new schools and we're renovating both high schools, so we got a lot of work going
on and tons
of contractors
coming
in
and out and so it's been pretty chaotic for the last year and then throw covid in there and now who knows what side is up?
yeah, since uh March 13th was our last day and they shut us down and uh it was kind of like a chaotic friday not knowing what was going on, and a couple of us went into the office to help out the boss who was trying to manage it all himself and since then um all of us but two of the other texts and or three of the other texts and our network engineer are all uh at home now, all spread out all over and
we've
just been doing everything remotely.
Yeah, I'm actually using my rig right now as it was my uh for our conversation, this is what I'm used to, this is my help desk now. Uh
huh.
Yeah, I caught up with one of our guys, he does all the physical locks for all the buildings, he lives around the corner from me and he said yeah, once once it hit all the facilities kind of just hunker
down
because a lot of them are older white guys
that
are not really in good shape and so it was a high risk and like go home be with their families, hang out, stay safe. Yeah.
So
far. Oh
well what day is it because it's changing? Uh They came out that the O. D. E. The people that manage all of us. They came out and said each school is up to their own for the for the next year and don't get very many guidelines just basically did like the basic
stuff like
keep
social
distancing and everything. But
what we're starting to see is another spike all over. So uh what I'm what I'm guessing is our hybrid model will probably go to remote and
we'll probably stay remote for the year.
But.
I
think everyone's going stir crazy. Okay.
Okay. Yeah. It's unfortunate especially as we're looking at are you know countries of neighbors and stuff were they implemented the mass they implemented stay at home and now they're starting to get things under control and the U. S. Is kind of looking like the laughing stock of the world again.
How backwards is that?
It just dawned on me
remember trump when he was saying that Mexico is going to build that wall and they're going to pay for it kind of thing. This
is how he's going to get them to pay for it. They're going
to try to keep us out of Mexico. There you go.
Okay. Yeah it's crazy man. So yeah with the school district we we went back and forth I guess you probably have a similar story where nobody knew anything. Everybody was trying to do their best trying to figure out what was going on and what we could do and how dangerous it was. And so we got, we got back and forth information from state and local back like every day, like it wasn't uncommon to like be told something at eight a.m. In the morning, and then by like two PM we'd completely flipped it again. Yeah.
Yeah. We're
pretty far behind were expected another month out until we get some of our employment. But what happened with us was Portland found a loophole and the rest of the state kind of followed of,
we all knew that next year's budget is going to get cut because there's not enough taxes being piped in anymore. So they said let's furlough everybody until june or july depending on where you were and uh then you guys can work less and
still
get the $600
a week plus unemployment so basically you'll
make 100 and 25% of your income for 60% of the work and everyone's like let me think about that sure let's do that.
that's not
yeah that's not too far from what we're dealing with. Our our unemployment guy got canned like a few weeks ago to I don't think it was that bad but I've never heard of what the actual the reason was that they got canned but yeah I was just like it feels like the same thing like in 19 seventies made frame it's like what do you guys run it?
it's
been crazy to see, to see the response of all of that has been crazy but the silver lining of like you know some of the business is stepping
up
and be like
don't
worry about your payment and you know we got you covered for a few months. I think
that's
been
kind
of a good point where at least a positive and on all these
negatives.
Yeah we got a lot of those having a small town here, we got a lot of local businesses but a lot of us know them too. So it's there's been some support in other ways. Like some friends of mine from church started a trivia and you could donate to local business each week. So they're pulling in at least a few 100 bucks to help out with a couple
of things. But I'm sure it's paintings to their dollar but any little bit helps.
Right.
Okay. Yeah that's rough.
How
did.
Thank
you.
How did they work her graduation? Was that when this shutdown? Did they pass whoever was passing?
That
was an interesting part of being able to see both the like on stage and behind the scenes kind of idea with how we're running stuff. Yeah. It started off as like, hey, we're doing our job. You know, everyone's getting out there and doing stuff, but at the end it was just so much chaos that it was just like if you needed a couple extra credits, then here's some resources to get them done. And everything else was just you're moving on
to the next grade. Congratulations. You made it halfway through the year.
It's hard man.
Where was that for my senior year? Yeah.
I'm with you.
I wasn't quite passing spanish. So that would have been a nice, easy end of the year for me.
Uh I think it's on us. Do you have a timer going?
I want to say you jumped on either at like
at nine? Yeah, so
I don't
know, I think it was right about nine.
Oh sorry yeah. Yeah, so I
love it.
tried this one other time, uh uh my partner never showed up so I just
sat on for like 10, 15 minutes and got paid like a buck something and then my wife
actually
got her partner and she actually got a nice conversation with some lady and at the end he was like yeah that's cool, so I was kind of excited to do it. See what happens.
Yes, this good paying one. I got a lot of them that are like multiple weak ones now with all the covid stuff. Those
those
are back pay right now. I've got like £40 waiting on like approval. But other than that, yeah. 11 buck 30
cents
years.
Kind of the
What was it called?
Let me write that down one on one second and each other like a half hour to our country.
That's crazy.
Yeah. That's great.
That's what we're doing. We're watching the pound $2 conversion because it dipped down when all this happened. So we're like just let's wait till it goes back up and then we'll cash out.
Yeah.
Likewise stay safe and healthy. Uh
All right later on.