Mhm. Hello?
And Yeah, I hear you heard me fine. What's going on man? I'm sean by the way.
I mean you where are you at?
Uh That meets me man, I'm in Kansas. Not too happy about it. Uh That's pretty lame around here actually, but
not
biggest biggest city in Kansas Wichita, but it's pretty small about 300,000. So you since I said Yeah, I guess. But you know, kind of a more in midwest city but uh pretty conservative place to live unfortunately. So where you at a I've been up there quite a few times.
okay, cool. Yeah, I liked it up there in the northwest. Have been up there a lot of I wouldn't mind living up there myself.
I would get
right pretty high
pretty high cost of living in California too. Yes, it comes our
way.
All
Well that's all I can think. I guess that's the one good thing about here. The cost of living is extremely low but so are wages too. So I guess it kind of equals out. I don't get paid great but it doesn't you know doesn't cost a lot to live around here so you can run a pretty nice three bedroom house around
here for probably 700 a month. Yeah
now it's changed a lot of yeah that area of the country seems to be a lot of people are relocating up there.
Yeah that's what I always said. You know I would like the Northwest makes cattle or something but I don't know if I'd like the rainy, cloudy weather but it might be a little gloomy after a long time. But
you kind of get kind of adjust the most things. I just take it here man. I like I like you know nature and stuff and we don't have any everything's flat here, there's no hills, no trees. So I mean if you're not from here, a lot
of people
think you know the big wheat fields and stuff pretty, but once you live here for a few years it's time to uh not very exciting for outdoors anyway.
okay, so you're kind of familiar with that. I grew up in Missouri but like Southeast Missouri down there is a lot of you know, force and hills and a little a little better than around tour. But we're pretty close to colorado. So we take a lot of little short trips up to the the mountains up there about seven hours from Denver. So pretty nice. Little three or four day little trip run up there. Change the face.
Well this is kind of unusual for me to do. I'm not usually chatty with strangers but I figured I'd take the extra money though.
Oh maybe six months or so. Yeah,
I've been pretty good lately, right, I'm pretty busy on it, you know days and I'm in front of the computer anyway, you get quite a few surveys on it. Mhm.
Uh huh. Yeah, some
people say they don't ever get any and then some people say they
constantly
get them. I guess it just kind of depends on your demographics and stuff. Probably.
Yeah. What? I
don't
pretty,
it's
we
kind of use ours like you know, special tree maybe order some food in or something, you know, stuff like that, so I don't really want to spend work money on. What do you do for a living man.
Thank
you.
Crazy. I work for the school district, you man. I'm a
building engineer. Kind of keep the buildings running over all the plumbers and electricians. Mhm.
very good.
That's exactly how it is to, we're in a big building on the outskirts of town, do with all the facilities and the french law,
all those under keep most of our stuff in the house, so we have like a french
job and our own electorate bummer,
I'm
talking
about
this
stuff
we went through a big bond thing here about five years ago, so I know all about that. So have you guys been closed? You've been off work for?
So
respectful.
Oh you're kind of working remotely right now,
Yeah,
I guess I've pretty much been off like if something goes on and one of the buildings I may have to go up there, you know like a water leak, alarm goes off or something like that, but pretty much been off. So I say if something goes on I have to run up and take care of its kind of like on call, but pretty much been off definitely makes them get used to. I'm not used to sitting around so much not having anything to do, but
Just
checking
trust
yourself.
that's pretty much how we are. I'm wondering if though they said anything to you guys about school starting on time this follow or you
know,
Yeah.
I couldn't
let
you
go.
All
The problem,
I'm wondering about, I guess about three weeks ago they started around here like reopening some of the restaurants and bars,
but like you said it started spike a lot this last week, so they try to reverse course and now they're shutting down. A lot of the things that had opened like last week or so. Yeah, it's getting better. But I think they kind of let everybody open things a little too quick around here. Everybody was
everybody.
that's what I'm saying and everybody was so quick to want to get out and do things because you know, lock down for so long. Like uh, tried to rent a car last week, my mom was in the hospital and I didn't have any rental cars in town at all. And I was like, well what's going on? And she's like, well, nothing really just everybody is wanting to go do things I guess. Yeah. Too many people out moving around I think.
Yeah, I heard europe's about to make it where americans can't come over there for a while because Yeah,
yeah yeah we didn't handle it really well. Kind of waited too long to implement some of the things help you know
you
arrive
now
the opposite effect. Right. Right. Everybody wanted to leave instead of this day. Yeah.
I'm sure like you probably you too you know I've got friends that are teachers and paris and it seems like you know the departments were really coordinated, they have the teachers doing one thing and uh you know facilities doing something else and I just like a pretty chaotic I don't know how or it has been but they like I'm still gonna salary but they let a lot of people like file for their unemployment, cancel this, handle it off, A lot of people are still waiting two and three months later to get their check, get their unemployment set up and just really dropped the ball and getting people face
what?
ahead
What
we've seen?
Just
what?
Yeah it was kind of lucky they say they left me on my salary so they wanted to keep me on call so they can call me and you know to do something so that they say I know a lot of other people that aren't so fortunate that just been waiting forever to get their unemployment and just kind of put them in an awful situation. Some people have got it and all their back pay and other people haven't got a dime. That really horrible job actually they just fire like I don't know whoever is over the unemployment in our state, they actually they double paid like a couple weeks ago they sent everybody uh two weeks of unemployment where a lot of people thought it was their back pain. So the next week they went and they took it back out, everybody's checking account, a lot of people that money so it overthrew their accounts and rent checks and yeah, it was horrible to she ended up getting fired over that. But they say our unemployment system is still ran on like a mainframe computer from the 19 seventies, so like
get this to do anything or update for any other P. U. A. Stuff then horrible I guess.
that I guess the federal government gave them you know, several million dollars like a few years back and they were supposed to update all that stuff, but of course they want to spend their money on something else, I'm sure they didn't need to spend the money on and then they can know we'll never have too many people unemployment that it won't that little matter. And right afterward half the state files for unemployment. All right. But
I'm ask
I was just
trying
to
do
I
don't
know what you're
saying.
There's nothing.
Yeah for sure feel sorry for a lot of the small local businesses you know they probably a lot of those places probably aren't going to recover. It could be a restaurant owner or somebody you know right now get your business shut down. People probably never gonna come back like they were you know especially if you're just opened or something.
Thanks.
I definitely try to support you know like local businesses are open and stuff. Yeah.
My daughter she was in her senior year of high school and she was getting ready to graduate and have prom and all that so really kind of feel bad for her. Really messed up her senior year high school. You herself?
Yeah well that's huge, pretty disappointed so and who
knows
what's going to happen with starting college and stuff this fall so that's all
kind
of get up in the air a little bit,
pretty much for a little bit, they tried to do like a little bit of online education but it seemed like it was sort of half hearted didn't send, a lot of teachers, didn't send anything out so. Yeah they pretty much just fast everybody and they had it's like a virtual graduation kind of thing online. Yeah. Yeah
definitely.
that's
pretty much like I said you know maybe the first few weeks she had a few instructors and teachers that would, we're trying to put out homework assignments and stuff and then you've got other ones that you never got anything from them. And then I think they just finally kind of decided that I screw this will just pass everybody that people. Yeah
that was good for some of the kids that were like there on the border line, you know?
I would have loved the guy my daughter is all distraught because you don't get to go to graduation and homecoming and prom. I wouldn't give a damn. I'd have been glad to get out of score.
Good credit.
right. Exactly. Yeah. I was kind of skating by my senior year too. Yeah many years ago. So I wonder if this thing will like tell us when our time's up or do you know how we're supposed to do this?
No I didn't set one,
I was told.
At what
time?
Yeah I think I might have been a minute later so but thank you. Oh yeah forget two hours behind us.
early.
So it's 11 11 30 here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. So we got a few minutes left here I guess. Pretty easy. Little 15 bucks or whatever it was. All
All
that's
helpful.
Yeah me too. You know I was a little nervous. I'm not the most outgoing person but this has been pretty smooth. You were pretty easy to talk to. I'm hoping I wouldn't get somebody that was totally kind of weird stare at each other for 25 minutes. So they had, yeah I usually just get a little one. Survey is maybe a dollar maybe to just about the that's what I've got so far.
I got a you
know.
that's
the
question
I've been getting into a lot of like focus groups on like focus forward and M. Three and they pay like 2 250 bucks for like doing like an hour like focus groups kind of like this on like I didn't wanna bug spray and one on tennis shoes look into that was called a focus forward and uh I'm pretty much always getting approved for one there anywhere from 75 bucks to like 300 bucks. Most of them are pretty easy man, so I'll definitely look into it by rio
focus forward.
yeah so I think the very most of them are I'd say about an hour, some of them are like kind of ongoing, some of them are just like online survey, some of them are you know like zoom like focus groups with maybe 10 other people kind of there. But uh yeah you know the more time it takes, the more page usually.
Yeah I examine pretty much doing one like every week or so, so it's definitely a good little string of income. So
mm hmm. Yeah, I've been letting my prolific money build up. I think I got a couple £100 in there. Kind of we're gonna let it build up instead of you know, get something I really wanted instead of blowing 20 bucks at the time, you know, not really realizing anything from it.
I noticed that it got almost down to like 1 to 1 there for a minute. Yeah.
What I think our time's about up man, it was nice to talk to you bro,
you too have a good one.