Yeah.
Yeah.
Good man, how are you? Mhm.
Certain
what?
Yeah I guess so. Um Is it is this your first one or have you done more than one?
Yeah it is a little bit awkward I guess. But I mean it's it's cool I guess you get to uh meet people in like some random people that we wouldn't meet otherwise, so so yeah, so I'm gay.
No,
no.
Yeah that's for sure, that's for sure. So where are you from?
no
I mean that's that's fine. I think every every town and city has had their own I guess peculiarities right? And just their own thing got that they got going for them, so uh that's cool. Yes,
I mean I'm actually in in boston over in massachusetts so.
so we're doing a similar thing here um here mass we've been actually pretty lucky there hasn't been as bad of a just like an outbreak so they've been fairly straight but like we never fully like that. I think the only fully shut down for like maybe a couple of weeks. Um We've been starting to open back up and it's like you can go to like a bar, you can go to like a restaurant now so it's it's definitely slowly getting a move on so
you
know.
Mom
Hey are you guys a lot sort of loft back up for you guys? Uh Are you guys like to continue to reopen with the stages? Yeah.
Got
it. Okay.
That's good.
I mean
at least.
Got it.
Yeah. It's also like yeah it sucks that you don't really know when things are going to pick back up I guess. So it's like uh huh. It is what it is. We just have to deal with it right now and just hope for the best. But yeah, it's kind of it is an awkward situation but yeah, I don't know man. I don't know. So what have you been doing during the sort of the lockdown? Have you picked up in new hobbies or anything like that, wow.
True.
Yeah. Yeah. That is
I mean I get it like I I got restless to indoors but I'm also like at some point, you know it's a panty ass but it's like is this going in the long run? Is this gonna help us, you know, get out of this quicker and get back to normal
quicker. I'm like yeah, I'm okay doing that, you know?
Yeah. But like
I don't know. It's like
yeah, I also think it's like yeah, I don't know. It's just like it's just weird
because like yeah, I mean if you would've told me when I was in high school, yeah. I just stay home E. M. And M's all day and play video games and watch sports now. Sports is back. I'll be like, that's actually pretty sweet cake. Yeah. So like I'd be okay.
It wouldn't be
down
true
I guess.
Right. And my great. I don't have to go to school. It's great. Yeah. But plus, I mean you guys it looks like you guys have some outdoor space. That's sweet. Like if you don't actually need to go out, you can actually like catch a breath of fresh air and just maybe do whatever outside outdoors like right there in the backyard.
But this is as good a time as any. It
started,
No, I was saying this is as good as time as any to actually get it done because like you have plenty of home time on your hands anyway so.
sort of. Yeah.
Well yeah so I live in um so right now I'm at work my my office is like a 10 minute walk from from my house. So like uh I actually just get to take a walk and be in a different space, there's no one here ever. So it's like I'm still social distancing just in another spot. Um But yeah my house is like I live in a condo so like It's a small one, it's like 11 units but there's there's no like I'm in the city so there's no like real outdoor space that's social distance or whatever. Um so yeah I do have like a roof deck but I can go up to but stuff like working out and everything like I can't do up there just because it's like I just like if you jump everyone below me sort of here so it's not not the best solution but what
it is yeah. I feel like people have gotten creative with this whole thing of how to like keep some some degree of their routine if it's working out, if it's going for a walk, if it's seeing other people or anything, it's like there's some hacks that people have gone through which is great like otherwise we'll probably go out of my mind.
Yeah I mean that's that's sweet. It's good just get a change of scenery. I'm sure it's like if I had to work from my house this whole this entire past like four months that would have been, I've been crazy. Would probably shot myself.
yeah. Exactly.
Right. I mean I don't know what I would have done in that situation, but yeah, would've been, it would've been tough. Yeah.
uh huh.
Yeah, it's actually,
it's actually been pretty, uh, maybe scary is not the right word, but it's just been definitely a
big difference because like thinking about the amount of people that were, you know, walking around the streets up until six months ago. Um or the sheer number of cars and everything now, everything's sort of, there's hardly any people on the sidewalks, like legit from here. Yeah, I mean from here to my house, you know, if I see 100 people, that's
a lot versus, you know, I would have seen probably 1000 6 months ago. So it's like that, that officers are still pretty much all closed. Um, there's pretty much no tourists in sight, so it's just completely reduced the number of people that are around. So I guess that helps with the social distancing. But it is kind of surreal to just see no people whatsoever. Um Compared to how we were you know six months ago it's it's still still taking a little bit to get used to.
Yeah, 100%. It's weird that you guys because I would assume like if people can't work or they can't you know they can't go to the office, I would assume they would just stay home as opposed to just take their car out. So yeah I mean that's the traffics here have been very light for the past. You know it's picked up a little bit since So we've got we've got into Phase three and things have started somewhat reopening but it's still very like compared to what it was previously. So.
Yeah I mean it's it's I don't know, it's like
a fairly standard Russian thing to do, right? Um I don't necessarily frost that it's it's going to be effective. I hope it is, to be honest you I'd rather, you know, they take credit for it, but it just gets us out of this whole mess as opposed to not, but I wouldn't be I wouldn't yeah, I want to be very confident in the fact that it works. Um I would us, but I doubt it will.
Well, yeah, I mean I do think that it's an unprecedented level of investment and just resources that I've been just like poured into this whole thing. Like I can't remember, We've never had something like this in in our life. I don't know how old you are. I'm 35, I can't remember, you know, anything like this happening in my lifetime. So I think all the benchmarks of like how quickly other vaccines were created or discovered kind of like out the window because there's never been this level of of investment resources,
you know, cross country collaboration going on. So I think it makes sense. It's quicker. Um, but to your point it also can't, you know, they can be cutting corners. So I was actually reading something the other day about mark and they were going, yeah, all these, all these um, you know, our competitors are all coming out with these vaccines and what not. And we're like, we're just gonna take it easy because a we want to make sure that it's right and be they're going for like a one shot thing as opposed to a lot of vaccines that are being in sort of being researched right now would be two shots. So you need like the first inoculation and then a booster shot. So it's just a bit more pain in the ass. So they're going, yeah, well, you know, we'll take our time will make sure that things work and we're gonna sort of count on the convenience of just doing one shot as opposed to having to do to. So
Yeah. I think there's
there's such, it's just such a big unknown right now that I think you're right. I think up for something like that as well. I think there's just like every day there's something you're coming out. You know, there's contrasting information. I was a friend of mine just actually before this call sent me an article about like how they're saying, you know, how they're saying, you know, matt or face coverings are always, you know, better to have than not have. And then I guess this new study came out that actually yeah, you're wearing a face mask. Guess if you're wearing one of those like uh like the books, you know those like little neck gaiters that are thin elastic? Apparently that's actually even worse than not wearing anything which is kind of wild. So I feel like every day there's always like something new that comes out that contradicts what was said the previous day. So I think it's like it's just crazy
I
didn't I didn't hear that, I did not read that.
It's crazy though, right? It feels like a freaking like horror movie dude, it's like oh you got to wear this, you gotta wear that everyone walking
around.
exactly. Exactly. Yeah. It's crazy man. I don't know. I don't know. Uh It's just it's
Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I don't know if I yeah, I don't know, I think it's it's just hit, everyone's so hard, like every single country in the world as it's been
hard. But I I don't I don't necessarily think, I think a lot of people are going to struggle, but I think because it's just so widespread, it's it's not going to be as bad as if it was a real sort of economic progression because this is all, you know, everyone's talking. Yeah, I mean obviously we're in Russian but it's medical driven as opposed to economic driven. It's like there's no subprime, you know, disaster. It's like no, it's like people would like to spend, but all the stores are closed, you can't walk around the city. So there's that, so that's why the sort of the economy has ground to a halt. So I think it will be interesting to see just how quickly and how effectively we can get out of it. Um Yeah, but who knows? And I think that's why again, you know, there's this whole sort of rush to to the vaccine which is like people realized and and countries and governments realize it's like we need to get this medical situation sorted um regardless of what the cost is, including like even just the stimulus package and whatnot. I think they're not really minding or they're not as bothered by just how much cash they just inject into the system because they know that it's like it has to be done. It's not.
Well, yeah, that's the thing, right? It's like just keep people, you know afloat and then hopefully that will mean that once the medical crisis is over will be okay and who cares about, you know, national debt because there is no country in the world that is not piling up debt right now. So it's like there's no, there's no need to to your point, there's nothing to concern yourself about that because it's either dead that or once, you know, once we find a vaccine, we come out on the other side, it's like, well shit, no one's working and there's no more jobs and there's no more economy to go back to. So yeah, I agree with you. 100%.
Yeah. I mean, and then it sucks. It is, there's politics that come into play, right? Unfortunately. I think it's, it's one of my biggest complaint with politicians. It's like they can never be just common sense human beings, they always need to have a political angle with everything that they do. And I think even like the last, I think in the last package that was proposed, there was some just random, you know, demands from each of the two sides. And it's like, well, how about you guys put your, your political alliances aside and just go, what can we do for the country and then not, how can can I further mind my political motives? And I think that's, that's true here and everywhere else in the world. And that's what sucks about politics.
Well, but
Yeah. I mean sort of, I think there's, yeah, I think there is, there's some caveats that, right? So like tax brackets,
for example, it's like, oh, well, you know, why should a person, you know, I just read some stupid stat the other day about, I guess the Walton family, they own walmart and I guess they make began a billion dollars richer every two weeks,
Yes. It's something
stupid
like that and then go like, well, I mean why should they pay the same type of, why should they be in the same sort of tax bracket structure that I'm in or that you know someone who's who's homeless in or you know, that's a bad example, but like a minimum income, a minimum wage house holding when it's like, well, you know what how about you know, we take away 50% of your profits, we just take that away and we feed Children. Are you really going to live that worst problem?
No, absolutely. I was going back to your sort of zero sum comment about, you know, taking away from some people doesn't necessarily mean you know, giving to others and what now, but I think from from the original, my original comment was that I think in the original um not bill, but whatever it is that the hell it is that they were just like trying to agree on, there were some sneaky, you know, things in there. Like I think
it was like something
like I think again I'm not I'm trying to be as a political as I can, but one of things that unfortunately watch CNN, so I think one of them is like There was a you know, $1.5 billion dollars earmarked for a new FBI building and this whole thing and this whole stimulus package, there's supposed to be about injecting cash back into into the country. There's this random
something
like that.
But again it comes
from both sides as far as I've heard and that
that was just the one that stood out
the most but and that to me is what I was saying earlier, it's like well why can't we just go no stimulus packages, People get 304 106 100 extra bucks a week unemployment. Here is another round of, you know, small business, you know, loans Or zero interest loans. And why can't we just agree on that? Why do we have to bring in all this other bullshit that has nothing to do with what we're going through right now? That's just my 2000.
What?
yeah. I mean that's fair. But I think I think that's a that's a valid argument for, you know, and under normal circumstances they're trying to push your agenda and you go find no outside of I scratch your back, you scratch mine type of thing. But I think in in these circumstances like, well it's not about, you know, a different budget allocation, it's about how to help keep people from starving and how do we keep
the car?
Yeah, that's yeah, that's the thing, you're absolutely right. So this the whole political gamesmanship is and drives me crazy. But I guess that's why I never was very much interested into politics to begin with, just because it's like I just don't say I've yet to see someone actually take sort of the issue inside. Like everyone has got their own agenda, their own political gain and it's it's just whatever this start, I think, but it is what it is. I don't know man, I don't know, at least sports as far as, I'm not sure it's a sports or anything, but
Yeah, bit of both. So the N. B. A. Is um they're they're doing it in a bubble. So they essentially to close off, I think half of uh walt Disney world resorts and they're all in there, no one's allowed in there, not allowed out. Um They're just living there playing there and obviously no fans that's being televised versus baseball is back. But they're playing with no fans but they're not in a bubble per se. They're just like they're still playing traveling from from stadium stadium. Everyone starts sleeping in their own bed but being in a car craft right now because
you're
good. But that's been a car crash right now because like I think the same louis cardinals have had multiple positive cases and they've had to postpone their games multiple times. Just like been super bad right now. So some some leagues are doing it better than the others. That's for sure.
Come
on.
No,
there were
no fans regardless. There's no fans in the stands. It's just whether or not they're in a bubble like the N. B. A. Or traveling to from from stadium to stadium like, like the baseball
shit.
and the owners
as well right. It's like sure
the owners would have been pissed if they didn't do anything. So
even though some of these stadiums cost a lot of money so I could see if I was an owner, I just spent like $2 billion dollars on new stadium. Like some of the football stadiums I would be, I would be pretty concerned right now
and
all of it
sort of, I think
yeah, sort of, I think part of the money comes from the city, I think where the city sort of pitches in as they give them a bunch of tax breaks. But that obviously isn't live cash that is, you know, sort of longer term type of of things. And even like sponsorship deals, I mean our I obviously I'm not a lawyer, so I don't know, contractually how that works, but like, or any of those contracts void because hey, there's a pandemic, sorry, this contract isn't, isn't valid anymore or something like that. So I don't know. I think, yeah, if I if I were exposed for billions of dollars, I would probably be concerned right now. But
Yeah. And that's another thing where I go because it's like, I totally get it. It sucks for renters, but at some point also, well, what if, you know, what about the landlord? I mean, it's it might be like, you know, they might just have gotten, you know, hey, here's an investment property. I'll pay my mortgage off with the rental income. Well, that point they're like, screwed. It's like,
yeah, All right. But I think we're at time. So it was Mhm.
Yeah. You too, man.
Yeah, I know you to stay safe out there and uh and take care.
Thanks. Bye.