Oh
from Jason, Yeah,
are you doing
Black? Oh my
that's just bust park,
I guess we're supposed to talk,
I've done other ones, but um yeah, I don't know, I never get used to it.
Yeah, I'm still not completely sure, I think I can't completely figure out what the point of this was. Again, I think it has something to do with loneliness or covid
or I
mean, but it is good to talk to people,
I'm from Bakersfield, California, I've uh here pretty much my whole life and I know I get probably a lot, you know, people kind of laugh when they hear somebody say they're from Bakersfield and they have good reason to, you know, it's a kind of a little town, you
know?
mom,
I got to speak to somebody in texas and someone in new york last time. It was really interesting to speak to somebody in new york because they had been through all the closures and they said there were like four phases that they were going through. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, that was pretty much the case here to where they only fully shut down like movie. Well, I don't know, they had movie theaters shut down for a while and
they
opened them up for about two weeks and shut them back down again. But I remember the restaurants were only closed for about two weeks. There was only a line going in where they were only allowing one person at a time like walmart for a couple
of for like two weeks. You know, some, some places still have restrictions like that. Costco I think only lets a certain number of people can't have your whole family. But uh we've been better here. But I mean recently things have gotten much worse in southern California. So I especially like in La I think, but here,
You know, I think that they are thinking about shutting everything down again. But in this county they have managed to keep things managed to keep things from getting to the point where they're on the I think it's called a watch list or something like that.
And
so I think
early
off
the much less counties, if I'm not mistaken, I could be wrong.
But I think we're nearly off of that watch list. So we didn't have to shut them again. But you know, things are still pretty much it's halfway right. You know, as I'm sure he is in boston.
No, that's such a boring person.
No, I wish I had I wish I had I just tried to talk to as many people as I can by phone. And you know, I mean I tried all of the social distancing rules but every once in a while like we had we had somebody come over the other week and Joey can't my roommate Joey can't stay still. So he's always going out somewhere has to put the mask on to ride any right to public transit. So it can be kind of dangerous, but just put laws they have to have a mask on for public transit. But he just goes out just about every day. He can't stay in it. A lot of people, you know? So
like your mother.
I mean,
yeah, I think that there's a point and I think it is important for us to follow it, but there's some people that I just have so much and you know, there was like here we've had these street racing stuff. So I think the police like yesterday it was like 500 cars or something going through the whole town on one side to the other 10 cars got impounded people. I mean it's really tough for young people and just kids. They you know, not be in school and to
to help
so.
All
Thanks.
Let's
just turn me too. Yeah. But you know, depends on your personality.
But
I did in high school anyway. I wasn't a very productive student. Oh
You can probably tell where uh we're doing a little bit of build construction here, so kind of her homemade project of construction. But
our
problem this time I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What were you saying?
Right. No, that's true. That's true. You might as well improve the place. You're spending most of your time these days. You like in an apartment where um you know, you can't you just have the hallways base that you're
you know where you don't have a space where there aren't a bunch of people.
Where?
We're just going, you know, 10 minute walk to your office and back. Like, you know, it sounds like we're able to do that
only half exaggerating right
now.
I mean this place is definitely pretty small, This is just a
mobile home. But you know, there's the lane, there's like this is not a very crowded city and this is not a very crowded area of the city. So there's a lot of place to walk where I'm not going to run into anyone. I don't have to have a mask on while I'm walking. So it's pretty uh I guess we're lucky like that that it's so spread out that there's enough there's there's space to move around. I mean, mounting boston, it's a more of a thing like you have to be careful how much distance there is between you and the other people on the sidewalk and so forth.
But I don't know.
I'm not.
No.
Yeah. Are there a lot of cars on the road there like here? Nobody. I'm sure you know what it's like in southern California or just about everybody drives except us, I'm sure. But our traffic here never stopped. It's still just as busy as it was um Bakersfield. So I mean are you seeing at least less cars on the street there?
What do you think the thing that the Russian government claiming that they have a vaccine that might be approved or they're approving it for their clinical trials are out
basis?
It seems to be something that's going on the world over where there may be, you know, rushing a little bit with getting these uh trials over with getting the vaccines onto market even though none of them is really out yet. They're really pushing to speed up the process.
thank you.
I yeah I thought I'd seen somewhere that it's possible that the immunity from from a vaccine would be only the same length of time as the immunity that they're seeing from the that they were thinking they were seeing from the coronavirus so far, like six months or something where you just getting a lot of booster shots,
I mean.
thank you, possibly talking about needing to wear like goggles for awhile, possibly people would have to wear some kind of eye protection because of the possibility it's spreading through tears and you know mucus or whatever through the through the
eyes.
Mhm. I remember something about that um
it's like one
of those zombie things that was just you know it's just been vogue like starting 10 years ago, all the zombie zombie stuff at the end of the world stuff you know
I feel like economically you know or like the the future of the world is going to change because we've seen such a decline in the economies of advanced countries like the United Kingdom. I think I read somewhere I was like -21% you know annualized growth or and or you know something like that G. D. P. So I mean it's kind of like the great equalizer I guess maybe you know countries that didn't stand too much of a chance before. Well you know kind of break out of of whatever, you know, the situation they're in now poverty or what have you or other countries might not do so well I don't know, but it seems like it's a one of a monumental thing for the the history of the history of the world, kind
All
it definitely for the government to overspend at this point and I don't think a lot of people and the government realized that right now just how much they have to spend to get the country to keep the country from going into an actual financial crisis in addition to the shutdown.
but there's no jobs for people to take right now, so the kind of worrying about perverse incentives or whatever they call them and economics that just seems so unfounded.
No I I mean I don't know I don't know that much about economics but I know it's not really like a zero sum game, it's not you know one person gains, another person loses. I mean it may seem like that in terms of you know real assets but it's not in terms of actual the actual economy, one person, you know if you take if the government gives money to to one group of people that doesn't mean some other group of people is losing out or is getting taken from
I don't think people understand that
mom.
I saw that, I saw that. I think it's every week actually
it's
crazy.
That would be that would be money spent and money spent is better than money saved, our money invested and as far as the economy is concerned. So part of the thing about taxing people that are wealthier is there say it's not really hurting the economy, it's not going to cause deflation, it's not going to cause those kinds of things. The way that taxing people that are poorer would.
Yeah that's what you're saying.
they.
Plus new I think there's there there are there prospect for the new FBI building is where um what was it, the old FBI building is going to be turned into another trump hotel or something I can't quite remember
but
actually
something
yeah I don't
because
Yeah I I think you're correct, I I agree with that. Um I don't know I guess it's just the way the kind of the wheel is Greece though, in part that they the way they get everybody in Congress to pass these things is they have these giveaways, you know, this congressional this this one gets that. So I guess
we're never going to completely be rid of that, you know, Otherwise gears will grind to a halt
You
think they'd have gotten that point with so many Congress people themselves being sick that like healthcare workers need money, you know the the hospitals need money right now these things need funding and it's so strange that they don't they don't see that or they're playing political games right now?
Are they? Which sports have our I'm not really into sports, I haven't paid attention but I know there they were like talking for a while, you know, should we open up the stadiums again? She would just have people play without, you know, people in the crowds. Is that what they're doing is they're having the games and then broadcasting them but not having people there are, you know, live to see the games.
Sorry to train going by
I think,
look, I understand what you're saying. They are they are traveling? They're not um uh what comes to baseball? They're traveling, but is there anybody actually
there
at the stadium seeing the
No,
they're just
I see, I see. Uh Oh
that's like they've got to bring, you know, they've got to make money for the players I guess make money for them, you
know?
huh.
Yeah, I think they can afford it for the most part that was shut down for a while, but who knows, I mean,
But I think the stadiums for the most part were funded by the municipalities.
Like
a lot of the money comes from
the city is,
You're just kind of similar to, you know, what's going on with rent. People don't have jobs. They can't pay their rent. Who Foots the ball, the renter or the landlord, you know?
All
It's good to talk to you. Thank
you very much. Very interesting. Thank you.
All right. You too.