Oh, hi,
how's
it going for you?
Yeah, I hear you All right. Yeah. Okay.
home right now. And I live in an apartment to sell.
Uh, our state. Uh, you don't know me
well, not too far. Yeah.
Um, how long I've been using it? Um, I think it's about two months To master three miles now. Yeah. Um,
No, no, I I had a chance to do it. But uh, yeah, I think some months ago, but I didn't do it at that time. Mm hmm.
All
Yeah.
You
know?
yeah, so I live here in the United States. I also got family back back home in china where um, it would be. And uh my close family is all right. They were not in the epicenter. Um, when they started, However, just a distant cousin who's steadily passed away because of COVID-19. So that's, that's has been affecting me, so,
um, I got holiday right now. I gotta go to go to college and now it's it's holiday time. So it's not it's definitely not the same as before, but it's more solitary because you meet less people more respected at home. Yeah. So I I find I sometimes have problems with being alone,
nothing friend. Oh
the,
mm no, not not from what I heard, I
I believe there's going to be a blend um both online and in person kind of going on.
Oh yeah. Um I enjoy working from home in my case
uh good lectures, um zoom calls and all that. So I think I think it's good to be um working and finishing up homeworks at home because it's safe time from commute and yeah, but it's it's hard, it's hard sometimes when you don't see your professors and you would
have
to normally collaborate with uh question. So.
Yeah. Uh So there there is these are lying uh office hours so it helps to to an extent and there's also online forum where everybody post questions but it's not the same thing as being in a discussion in the classroom with real people. So now it's I'd like to see that part during
the
I'm sorry
which is
my
Oh undergrad him um 2nd year promise.
Yeah it's really different from high school so
I'm trying to adapt to uh it's uh as I can. Yeah.
Yeah. Um about three years I'd say three years. Yeah.
Yeah. Um This college opportunity so um I I had high school uh somewhere north of Chicago, which is a suburb, somewhere north Chicago, so I had my senior year and there and then like adding to college from um from from from the high school. so I stayed Yeah that's
the
problem.
Mhm. I'm sorry.
Yeah. Yeah it's not a bad place, no um It's quite big city so it's just not like where I came from. Um But Chicago is uh it's quite beautiful, I've been there a couple of times walking down the streets, always
of people, bad traffic. Um Yeah
Um Not exactly big, I think it's a well tactically every city in china is big but uh from where where I came from, its mid sized I think it's
it's a capital like Springfield as to him enough.
Oh it's it's about two hours drive to shanghai, that's
more
evening
Yes I'm on break. Uh I had this class going on mostly so I've
I haven't been I have been to florida before Covid no. Yeah that was kind of the last chance to go out actually. We didn't know back then. So we went in like uh
florida, me and my friend. Um It's beautiful and we
went
to the
yes apparently yes. Uh We went during the summer so it was uh it was cold up north but relatively warmer down cells. We went to the Keys. Beautiful place
apparently. Yeah. Yeah a lot of resorts of this court.
We
went to see alligators. That's not that's not the Keys but a little bit of uh of north to the Keys. There's a national park and there's alligators apparently. And they would
oh yes they would rent your rent you bikes so you basically bikes through the trial end. Yeah there's alligators around you. Yeah.
Oh we drove down from Chicago.
We got this uh new car we we we previously got rid of the DG old car which is rather old and we got this new new car And we went in the new one so
with friends.
Yeah uh for florida it's I think it's whether yeah, before they drive um
so it's it's a they drive back and I mean to and back so. Mhm.
Oh travel next? Um Not right now I guess. Yeah, I
haven't really thought about
this.
Yeah. Uh huh. Um I went to California also drive, we we we did enjoy driving a lot. Uh we went to north Dakota ones from Chicago
and and and
and
he was um to to north Dakota then up north Washington and then straight west I think I 90 I mean I 80 or something like that. No. Anyways,
is this quite warm? Um It's quite nice. Is
referred
to
her?
Uh huh. Too many people I think.
Yeah. Um What do you mean?
We
went went to charlotte. We went to charlotte. So it's a lot of people but uh beautiful place too. So Yeah,
I'm sorry.
Uh Yeah, I would think so. Yeah, I would say so. I think a big traveler.
Yeah. Um I would go stay in towns more than I would go to the countryside I guess. Yeah. I seen jay being around people are I guess so.
Apparently.
Oh, it's it's hard to say. Um Yeah, just as many outcomes, all sorts of future kind of thing.
Um I think I would go go for more college. I like I like in college so
probably something um Master degrees phds probably. Yeah.
Um I I am thinking
um so for statistics, which is basically mass mathematics. Um Just a great programming. Uh You know, Chicago. I guess there is great program thing in Utah actually break out young. Yeah, they are they're quite professionals of of this construction. So yeah, those are the greatest options. But I I think I would also do um, I think Canada, I always want to go there so or
but it's down.
No,
so
mhm,
Er Winston,
if
I
yes, I live very near to Evanston, it's called well Matt,
How
do you like
and how do you like Northwestern?
no.
four.
Four,
okay.
Oh, not really. I got I got a bunch of cousins, but no siblings.
Oh, one, once in Canada. I mean once in Singapore.
yeah, most are back home. Yes, you're right. Yeah.
Oh, she's she's my older cousin, she's thing
college. She's in college right? Being Singapore it's quite hard being a college student in Singapore. They have very rigorous of course is oh
around very competitive.
Singapore's give me a Singapore college.
I
think
we're Singapore is a small place so it mostly speak uh speaks chinese and english so it's it's got this big linked to china, so Singapore, Small place, small small place.
All
what
do you make?
I think I think you would be understood both in chinese and english so it's like a it's like a by lingo. Yeah like Canada
french and english.
they have
if
but
apparently so yeah it will be
I would say we were uh it is it is mandatory to learn both chinese and english at the same time so we had many um so my major subjects you would have to study um the big three is uh chinese english and math. So that would be the mandatory lot that
everybody is taking. Mm Apparently.
Um yes, I do. A lot of my friends are there. Uh Yeah, so
it
is, oh I I had to go back before Covid every year I guess. So, so last year, this time I was uh I was back home in china and that was doing a bit of side job for this company, like an internship. So yeah, so I I did go back every year before Covid, but not this year, that's quite sad. Yeah,
so
I'm sorry?
I'm sorry my dad madam actually, he was an exchange scholar for Northwestern. So I I spent a great deal of time there was him uh when he was um when when he was the exchange scholar, when he served
as exchange scholar. So that's that's how I started my high school. And my mom she's she's she's got quite a confidential work back home in china so she does not uh come here very often so you just want to leave me traveling back and forth so yeah but for now we'll just do a bunch of video calls. Uh Hello Keep urge,
I'm sorry?
yeah. Yeah internet Yes. Mhm It would be bad, so
um I got a uh I got a two badge of apartment right now. Yeah,
I'm living just by myself so mhm
faces
one study on bedroom, so
pretty
through the nights
um I would how about love movies?
mm. Oh I I was catching up on uh The Lord of the Rings recently so
I
I'm sorry.
Uh huh. Yeah, so I I would take my favorite serious saga house and to them time after time. Yeah, it's a great pastime one is about three hours slow so kiss me occupy.
Have I seen the habit? Yes. Uh huh.
How many times? Yeah. Right. Apparently yeah,
they have a great hobby is great. It's just a bit, it's just a bit um so so it's so it's based mostly on the first three movies and it's got a lot of those things copied right from. It works great. But yeah, I still my family, this is the first three, so that's that. Uh huh
I do not cook for myself, so yeah um because they're living a living in the university apartment which which means is operated by the university, not by some rail third. Um so they would have many interesting programs for you to engage. I actually have this um, 10 yards times 10 yards patch of land uh, on which I can grow some of the vegetables for
myself. So
I
got,
yeah, I did. I got, they got tomatoes to go, we got watermelons. I got some chinese green leave things. So yeah.
yeah.
Yeah. It's one of the programs you offer.
So
yes, I got many great neighbors sometimes share scene,
share experience. We say hello to each other. Yeah. So because because mm it's been like an open space. We don't really have to wear masks. So it's uh, it's a bit like normal. Oh.
Right. Yeah, it's just gonna be a new normal. Um
Okay. Right. It happens
every, every 100 years. So,
so I mean,
I think so. The, I got 24, but the nights, are you sure about that? I don't know. Do you have a timer anywhere from this thing or did you
check
back?
Time
sleep.
Yeah. So I just close this thing. Close this page.
Well
thank
you.
Thank you.
Good luck to