Hi, can you see me? Oh yeah, Hi, I'm Cindy,
I'm Emma Annan,
I'm not
enough. Yeah.
How are you doing?
Where
are you?
I'm
doing great, I'm doing great. Where are you from?
Arkansas. Oh my God, I look so, oh my God, I'm not that sad. I need a better, I need a better angle on my camera, you see if I can see this? Okay, so a little better. That's a little bit better. Uh huh.
Uh So what part of California you're from?
Okay, Yeah, Okay. You're under uh are you under uh quarantine? Oh,
I bet, I bet. Well, we've uh I mean in March, uh like with the rest of the country we were, but actually we were never um, Arkansas was never under mandatory lockdown. Um but I mean, I'm 60, so, I mean, I've been like in my house and uh so that's what, that's what I did, and um you know, I've been, I've been staying in and uh I don't know what side of the spectrum that you're on, but I've been definitely wearing a mask and definitely practicing social distancing. Uh This is not something that and I believe in science, so
I love dr Anthony Fauci and believe everything he says. So uh you know, But uh but anyway, are you a student or you are you work?
Okay. What are you gonna be majoring in?
Yeah. Okay. Well that's
obviously
obviously a very good field gonna be doing lots of work, that's for sure.
have.
Can
you hear me? Yeah.
My daughter was interested in, my daughter is a speech therapist and oh my God, she makes money. Do you want to go into something that makes money going to speech
therapy?
You wouldn't believe the amount of science on that because it's all the it's all the nerves, uh the brain and all the nerves in the neck and uh you know the face
and
uh what she does is like the swallowing right now with patients. And she's gonna be she's going to be doing a lot of work after with people that are having problems breathing. But she
has to go in uh right now into some of the nursing homes with with the full PPE and uh the company, she's a home health right now and uh she wanted to go into microbiology When she started uh she's in her in her late 30's Right now, she's been doing this for about 12 years and oh my God, she makes so much money in Arkansas and she makes probably right now. Uh She probably makes close to 80,000 a year and she doesn't work on Fridays. She worked uh I'd say five hours 6 hours a day, he
used
to work
in.
No, she
works for the company and she's guaranteed a minimum
a minimum salary. And uh, I can't even imagine the amount of money should be making in California.
It is because it's all miracle. We don't, I would never send anybody in the schools. I was a school teacher for 25 years, you know? Which is why I'm doing prolific and and darken uh huh. Are retired in
2009 because it was so bad. The farm,
she
well, knee Oh, elementary.
no, they were, they were bad. The reason I got out of the schools is because it was a kid that brought a gun to school,
5th grade. Yeah. And they let him, Yeah. And uh and then he came back, he was suspended for three days and he came back with a
knife,
Nothing, nothing. And they, you know, and the principal was like, oh don't, you know, don't fuss. And he's just a baby. And then he came back with a knife.
It was nuts.
Well you put it to a girl's head. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. That's crazy. Yeah. It was it's bad. It's bad. I was always in Louisiana. I was in Louisiana. Yeah.
And that was that the taught for 13 years at an at risk school. Okay. And there wasn't any problems like that at all.
At risk, high poverty. Uh
uh 100%
free and reduced lunch. No problems
like that at all. None. Okay. Uh the minute I went to the good school, okay with uh like all the parent participation in all the uh, you know, the great test scores and they had a french immersion program and everything. That's where they brought the gun. Okay. That's where they had the kid that had beaten up the teacher of the year before, You know. Now, you know, everybody, you know, all the kids like me, you know? But it's
just okay. They were crazy. They were crazy. It worked. Children were who. It made me want to go back to the poverty school. Yeah,
it's
just
Yeah.
It's um uh and and that's why that's why when they had been retired, I'm not gonna get, I mean, you know, I like the kids and stuff, but I'm not going to go get, gets shot for a kid, you know? No, no. And then uh last year I got a scholarship from
Udacity
for for data analysis. So
I did
and I like that it was, I got uh that was really neat because I have uh have three scholarships Or not three schools. I got 3 um degrees from the university uh in
uh in education and they were all paid for the state, paid for all of them. And then I was a that's how I was able to retire. The state paid for all of them. And I love research. That's what that's one of the things I just absolutely loved. Yeah, I love taking the resource classes and the statistics and I love that right? I wanted
that's
what
I know, but they give I mean but it's all sequential, it's all like.
I just I love statistics. If you wonder, I mean statistics will give you uh if you understand statistics
then then you can break down the data, all the data that that's out there right now. You know like you look at all the data uh you know all the covid data that you know all the you know the information and everything that's out there right now. I think that's you know, lot of people don't understand it. That's the problem. You know when they say positivity rate that that governor likes to do that they don't test anybody and they go, oh we're doing fine
okay, we're doing great okay.
No.
we just stopped testing. Okay, that's that's trump,
we'll just stop testing, you know?
nobody
has
it. It's like if you don't if you don't give them the pregnancy test it will be pregnant.
No babies. Yeah. So what university are you going to?
No. Okay. That sounds neat. That sounds like I had a cousin that lives in sacramento. He liked it there. The weather's great
I heard
yeah
Well
well not as bad, not as bad Louisiana was I mean it's not that different but I say is different here um And uh I have a friend that lives lives in Miami and it's like dude what did you do wrong? Okay because first they had like the worst uh infection rate in the country and now they're having a hurricane like
that's like dude
they haven't they haven't a hurricane now it's uh I wish we'd get snow because the reason we came here is uh you know it's because it had gotten snow, it had gotten like almost a foot of snow like two years before because I love snow, I think that's why I didn't want to live in Louisiana anymore, okay
and then It hasn't snowed since I've been here, I've been here five years, what's that
you
know? Yeah
mm.
Yeah that's
what that's what I'm thinking because a lot of people have to mush around in it you know?
Yeah I know I know I went to Ohio and uh in the wintertime and it's it's
not it's not Louisiana I'm gonna tell you that. Okay it's cold. It's very very cool. How long do we have to have to uh
Thanks.
Okay and what time did we start
kelly?
All
mom
tonight
mine says 19. Those 08? Okay.
that sounds good. So um so Biology. Huh? That sounds great. That
sounds
correct.
Well you
know it's okay that's okay. Yeah.
Uh
to be honest with you okay uh it's probably gonna be uh until 30 before you're able to get a job to be honest because
the economy is not going to do
well for a long time. Uh
The good thing
about it is is you probably won't know any student loans.
Well good good. So you're good in science?
Yeah.
Very good. Very good. So tell me about your family.
Okay. What do your parents do?
Okay. An interpreter, final language.
Okay.
Thank
you.
Yeah. Okay. Is she from, is she from Bangladesh?
Well
that's late.
Yeah. Well that's that's real neat. That's really they had a uh like a typhoon
that went through there um earlier probably about two months ago. I have a friend that lives in um
uh Calcutta
uh and it went it went through it went are
like over his are like by his house and it flooded like the basement area of his house
and uh
Yeah. Do you have family there
and
you
that I have not um I know several people in India but I don't I don't have any friends in Bangladesh. What is, how is the rate? Their house? The covid rate?
You know India is like # three.
Yeah. Yeah. And then every time, gosh, almost every time it rains, I know that they have like flooding because there's so many rivers in Bangladesh and they I mean and I know the marshes, they have a problem with the marshes because um of um climate change the marshes are getting are washing away all the the uh what do you call that? The like the mangrove areas are being washed away and it's getting farther and farther inland. So like almost like all the river areas or um
you know like it's causing it more and more inland flooding. I know that part but that's just gosh it's just really a shame.
I didn't know it was that bad over there. I
need to start start paying attention more
to them. Yeah. No.
Yeah gosh I'm sorry. Yeah
yep it's true. It's very true. You know the and the problem is is it's it's
not even when you get it it's it's the long the long term effects of it, that's what I'm afraid of because I know it's gonna be me that's gonna be the one to get the long term effects of it. Okay. Like the neurological symptoms of it. Is that okay? No. Okay. What's our time?
We got we got a minute
and 17 seconds, 18 seconds over time.
Get
okay. That sounds good to me. Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you registered to vote? Mm.
you
need
to
register to vote?
you need to go registered to vote. Please please go register to vote. It's really important this year. Yeah.
Park.
please you know and I'm not trying to push you either way or the other biden. I'm not trying to push you either way or the other please. Both by. Yeah
me
too.
You
get
that feeling too.
You think he's going to he's going to do something?
I had a principle that did that okay that made the votes come out like that
like
people are going to find people are going to end up finding ballots everywhere. Like in the garbage can everywhere.
I agree. I definitely agree.
100% yeah.
well
I've
got a an apocalypse bingo card but I did not have that woman. Okay with the alien D. N. A. I did not have that on my apocalypse bingo court.
The one
yeah the one that was talking about what the uh the hydrochloric would uh dr from Nigeria. It was talking about alien D. N. A. You remember you need to go look
the doctor
go to
look.
No
no she kept on saying that uh the aliens would come down and plant their D. N. A. Or something. It is crazy. She was nuts. She was she was one of the ones that that trump was had like said was was touting and saying that she was really a good doctor. Okay it was yeah
put
just
type
in just type in alien D. N. A. Okay in
just typing an alien D. N. A. Just
just.
that's
it that's it that's her that's
Oh man
she's nuts yep.
and there's gonna be like I mean if you took a poll okay that's what I like about statistics because if you took a poll
okay probably
of the American people would believe her. Yeah. Up 31 0.27. Yeah
probably click the button.
it was so nice to meet you.
Thank you so much. I did this one time before and it did not work. I did not have
chat
partner
so
the so much.
Uh No I think it's on the bottom The one on the bottom.
No no it's uh the one you have to go back to the window that you
have to answer the question
it was
and we're we're actually still talking.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. So
yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm.
You look like, yeah.
Okay.
Mhm. Mhm.
Thank you. Mhm.
Yeah.
Okay. Mhm.
From people. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Right.
I didn't either.
Mhm.
Mhm.
paul.
This is the first one,
Mhm.