Okay. Three. Alright, so I gotta wait five minutes. Oh look horrible. Okay. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I hope someone shows up. Yeah. Right. Thank you. Mm. Okay. Right. Yeah. Oh shit. Yeah. Okay. No. Yeah, discover. Uh huh. Mhm. We would put it. Uh huh. Quite mhm. Funny. I suppose to talk or 25 minutes. So the car mm crap. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Somebody there? Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Can
you
hear
me?
Okay. No echo or anything?
Great. Does do I need to be louder or we're good.
You're
perfect. Okay. I'm going to set the timer For 26 minutes.
Hey Siri Send an alarm in 26 minutes. 30 seconds. Yeah. Okay. I said in a one she's on it
because I have a friend who who did this prolific thing and she did this chat thing and said that They truly like if you're not talking for like less, less than 25 minutes doesn't
count. But she got
but she got chatting with someone, she said after 25 minutes they just kept talking for like over an hour because they had so much in common. Yeah.
Oh cool. So who I mean
are we allowed to introduce ourselves? I don't know how this works. So
the
charting one's talking This is my 3rd attempt and nobody showed up every time. So
I mix.
No. So
you get You get a dollar 50 if you sit here for five minutes playing with your cat.
Oh whereabouts? Salt Lake City? Cool. I've been to your airport and you have a really lovely restaurant there.
I don't know. But when I got stuck there, so if I was on my way to L.
A.
In the literally in the airport there's a really good restaurant because I remember the view was just gorgeous. It was the mountains, you know, and it was it was, yeah, I got stuck for like five hours. So the airline, you know, they give you back in the day, they give you like a chit
so you can just go eat anything and I'm like five hours. But I just remember like looking and that whole panoramic window was just mountains. So it was just beautiful
and
so
Good time.
Well
mom, So
you're
in Salt Lake now you're in Salt Lake now I am in hurricane ravaged palm beach florida.
We just dodged the last one. There's another one out there. CAT five named Iota.
But it just
got just got downgraded to a tropical storm. Which for us a tropical storm is like, we don't even blink for it. We're so used to it. We don't, we don't blink when it's a tropical storm. But you
know.
I am exactly 32 miles from my driveway to Fort Lauderdale. Not
that I go there all the time I'm saying. Yeah. So basically what I tell people is if you put a pin in palm beach, I'm like a half an hour from Fort Lauderdale. I'm an hour from Miami And I'm three hours from Disney. Yeah.
You
mean?
I know the area so well. Yeah.
I'm pretty
sure that it's a law in florida that when you move here within the first year, it is mandatory that you visit Disney and Universal and any time someone comes to visit you,
you gotta, it's like, oh, let's go to Disney. I'll hang on. I
was,
Lately. Obviously. No, even though they reopened. No. And I actually haven't, I haven't been to harry potter at universal yet.
No,
I
know
I've been living over um I live part of the time over in europe, so I'm staring right now at a butter butter beer thing that that my friends got. They went to the harry potter in, was it in England? Where the hell is where? Yeah,
they
went
there.
Are you are
you
potter,
junkie
griffin door
group?
Indoor friends are forever fo indoor
I took
the test. Yeah.
Well I think I know where they matched us because my other half and I people laugh at us but we love movie and I have actually talking to you in one of the rooms, it's like a home theater and you know we we'll do a complete binge watch and we'll say what are we doing this weekend? Harry potter from start to finish. That was easy. We did harry potter was easy to do. We did the twilight, you know, we've done all of it. In fact, I have the new twilight book right here to to read, you know, I'm sure
she needed more money. Clearly being a billionaire wasn't enough. So she wrote the new one called Midnight Sun, which is twilight totaled from Edwards Point of view. It's only been out like a couple of months. So it's like it's from I have the book right here, I'm staring at it, yep right there and it's from Edwards Point of view. So we did twilight I think our our most crazy one that we did and I don't know why we did this every James Bond movie in order And they started in the 60s. So we did every single one
In order. It was like 20 25 because I mean there was one every year, there was like Sean Connery, Sean Connery who just died and then there was one year with somebody else that George Lazenby or something and then they did other
then roger moore got cast so they did a whole bunch with roger moore and then they did a pierce brosnan and then they did Daniel. Yeah, yeah we
that was more than a weekend I could yeah.
So
well to be honest I spent I do spend most of my time overseas Um and I was living in Korea for three years and
absolutely loved Asia. I mean I am I really want to go back but I can't and I have a place over in europe and I spent a lot of time over there and I came home for christmas,
do the math,
do the math, I came home for christmas, New Year's, going to go
shopping, spend january and february. You're go shopping and then go back to not here to my home in europe and I'm here,
I'm
we're
both,
yeah, we're about japan
trump.
Are you the asian on both sides, both sides or one of your parents? Yeah,
I don't speak japanese but I knew it comes on, I can speak a little bit of korean because
three years there I've been
to Guam and Tokyo but that's it,
which is quite shocked. I actually found Korea, I loved Korea. I mean I would move to Korea, I loved it that much and I find I don't know about Tokyo so much because there's so many people but in Korea, in, in the school system there they keep staring at your face instead of the webcam. So
okay cool, because you're looking at the size, but I find like in school they teach english. So if you fly there, if you're in Korea and you clearly look not korean and you make any kind of effort and you're not an asshole american which is kind of like americans think you know I travel all over the world, they think we're privileged and everyone else is beneath us. If you make I make a point on thank you, google translate. I make my own glossary vocabulary of the most popular phrases and I rehearse them, I practice them. So if I go somewhere I could say hello, thank you very much how much is it? And where is the bathroom? Very okay
you make any kind of and thanks to you know, google translate. You can it can talk for you so I dictated and like taxi drivers you just you know I dictate where I want to go if I want, you know, and then I just hold it up and on speaker and no but Tokyo I mean your subway system and you're fast like look trains and everything or really cool.
Excellent.
Okay. I know this is gonna sound weird but which side? Well
okay. I'm sorry to ask. But you know my, my father in law was on, that was the one of the
marines that went up Mount Suribachi and planted the flag. So my other half is a total historic Complete junkie. Like when Iwo Jima did their 75th you have to get a special invitation to go. And
then when I didn't go because I didn't want to take up a space doesn't mean that much. But but they went over I mean Caroline Kennedy was there. I mean they had some veterans and you know the different soldiers from both sides. You know the descendants from both sides were there? We have great photos of you know our soldiers embracing their soldiers and you know all we think about
is You know what would the people have said like 75 years ago they were trying to kill them and hear everybody's
embracing but that's amazing. The D day thing. That's so cool,
jean
How old are they now?
Do you speak japanese
chinese? Sorry sorry sorry. Yeah
Hong kong
I'm trying to think like we um I lived years, I've been all over the place. We spent a lot of time in Hawaii. So when
you talked about like every year on, you know Pearl Harbor on december 7th, the remaining, there's several that are still alive that are still alive and they do go to the, you know, they go to the ceremony there and if there's anybody that needs to be interred, because if you, if you were on one of the battleships and you want are still alive, but ultimately if do I need to put my earphones in?
I hear you perfectly. But so if you were, if you had served at all and you're still alive and then when you pass on it is your right, if you want to be buried with your shipmates and it's the most, if you've never seen it or go on youtube, it is the freaking most emotion. I mean you'll start crying just even
thinking about it because they have, I mean, it's a very solemn event and they have, you know, the navy people there, of course they have navy scuba divers. The family will right now with the pandemic, they're not allowed on the memorial but they're they're they present the urn with the ashes. It's like sealed watertight. Then the divers take it and literally go down to the bottom because everyone was killed there. So there, you know, ashes or whatever you want there, you know, their souls are still there. So you're entered right there. It's it's like it's just so solemn and amazing, you know? Uh Yeah. Happier thing. Harry potter, harry potter. So are you as you were 12 years old. So are you
like, well you're married, obviously you're not 12.
Oh,
what's that? What's that picture behind your head? Is that
is
it
is it a window? I thought it was part of a peacock or something.
because I have about 50 peacocks right now, right on my fence outside. That's why I asked.
I have. Oh
I
have
they are wild and they love me. And what can I say
here
is and there's and babies. So here's mom, dad and baby try to get it. So you could see. So
that that is the blue mom is the green and the baby, that's a baby that's about six months old.
They're wild.
They're wild and they're kind of like, what's the expression like with rabbits? There's no such thing as one. So like, you know, they're just let me find that I have
better.
Yeah. People freak out there. Like
you got to hear when they're making their noise because they scream their heads off and
there's
no, they just walk around. I don't feed them. They eat insects and bugs and and they are just I have some gorgeous, they let me get pretty close to them and it was bit, where's the good ones? I just dumped my phone and every once in a while I said enough is enough. I wiped my phone and start from zero and so I did that. And of course I wiped out all my,
yeah. How about that? The babies are so cute. I find them. Are they in anything?
Oh no. I dumped them all. But yeah. So they're just wild and they don't, my animals don't care. They're like, hi, all right. I'm just trying to find if I have some really good ones. I have feathers all over the house. Like I put them in vases. Yeah. Oh, this is my most famous photo. It actually got picked up by a news organization. This is this is the mommy right outside my yard and they lay eggs and babies were born and she felt so comfortable that I walked right up to her. These babies. You're going to die when you see them there about five minutes old, you're
going
to die.
I promise you're going to die. Hold on. Sure
They are. Their wings are about 1" long and they can't fly. Yes,
but they try, they try to fly and they are so cute.
And
that's the picture that I sent you when I said mom and dad and the baby. That it would be the same baby. Like you know, 34 months ago in baby trying to see. But I have like close ups of feathers and I'm sorry. I can't find anything. Well there's baby. I have videos but I don't think you'll be able to see that. So good. Well
maybe this
is this is the same mom who's leaving my yard With her three little babies. Yeah. And
they can't fly. So the mom jumps over the fence and the baby starts screaming bloody murder. They're like like they're peeping like you're leaving me. So they somehow there's like this much of a gap they get under my fence to to run after their moms five minutes old, five minutes.
So do you work, do you
are you working right now with the pandemic and everything?
Okay. What does that mean in english?
I have
to get
approval but you don't work in any way with prolific. You just happen to sign up for a prolific and do your
thing.
well
That's fun because I, my friend told me about, told me about it and you know of course on a geek, anyone who sits there like harry potter is a game and you know, so I researched and it seemed like legitimate, which is the first thing I cared about and it's more academic studies and business studies. It's not like you use irish spring salt, you know, which I don't want any of those. So I figured, you know, I'm sitting here not doing anything thanks to the cold. Did, so I did it and I started getting a lot of surveys. But then, um, the ones with the chat, so I was like, well that could be kind of fun, you know, and like I said, you're the first person that showed up. This is the third time. And my
friend
who signed me up for prolific said the same thing, like half the time she joins and then, you know, waits for, waits for the chat and the person like never shows up so
well.
Like I didn't know, I mean, I'm thinking myself okay. Are they going to give me with like, uh, you know, they know my name. They, well, they don't know what they do know my name. They know my approximate age. They know where I am. So I was like, I hope I get somebody like from out of the country, you know, which is why I picked really weird times because my other half is halfway around the world on a different time zone. So I'm fine. You know, staying on any time zone you want? I mean my phone has hawaii Germany a Korea. You know, my time phones are all over the place. Your job is interesting now and you can do it from home. What did your spouse do
at which, which school BYU or Utah
are you a ute
Miami.
I
wasn't
like flashing my boobs to you. But no, I'm at where this household is Total sports Sports. General household, Total where Keynes for Miami and in the pros, of course were the dolphins and hockey. You name it. We're complete sports nuts. So mm
So the minute you say to people, you're from Utah, I know the first question they're going to ask and then I can tell you the second question. Uh, so are you a more man? That's the first question. And
then of course, the second question is, do you know the osmonds? Because obviously, because
obviously that clearly from Utah, you must be a mormon and you must know the osmonds, right? Of course everybody right so much. But back in the day, it was that, that was the, like if you saw someone from Utah, it's like, okay, for sure. You know, you're carmen and you must, you know, you're the Osmonds have so many kids and so many grandkids and cousins that somebody is related to somebody else. Yeah,
but
all right, well, on my end you have no, but yes, as I, I'm not mormon, but I do happen to know the Osmond. So
yeah, it's a long crazy story. But yes, I have several of them in my phone book right now.
Yeah. Well, uh,
where about which part?
Oh, oh, beautiful. You've been there. I hope.
Did
you
go
on the ghost tour? Did you do the ghost
tour?
No,
the ghost
ghost the night time went
up Because um, that's about dependent you straight up by 954 hours for me. Simple straight shot. Yeah, and that's like just outside of Jacksonville.
Well, I didn't know anyone actually grew up in ST Augustine because it's like, it's such a touristy,
you know, it's, that's,
that's
how they think, well, that in the fountain of youth and you know, that kind of stuff. But yeah, I mean I've gone there. That's another, you live in florida basically. You go to Orlando, you do Disney um Universal, you go to ST Augustine, I've been to the Kennedy space center probably 15 times. I
don't
know.
It's
it's
okay. Um you know, it's sad in a way because there's
no really big launches except for SpaceX, which by the way, Just three was it three days ago when there's a launch, I just go outside and look up and there it is so I can
see
it.
It really is. You know, because it's not that far and the rocket goes so fast that Basically you time in about 20 seconds after I watched the lunch on CNN outside on my phone and then or SpaceX I go to school and then just go outside.
Okay but we can still clock. I don't care. I don't know. Right. Right. Right. Well that's if we alert you know we should go like extra minute. But yeah it is really really cool to be outside and actually see it you know go over. Uh there's a there's stuff to see they still take you out on the to the launch you know to the launch sites. Um You know obviously everything is set up inside just like it was for the launch. You see the control room and stuff and you know there's stuff there's stuff to see besides the tour because then they have like the rockets and all the stuff um china
and
then the other the other place. Sorry that of course you go is Key West.
It is very very cool. You know
it's really touristy. I mean it is tourists because everyone, I mean you're talking a strip of one mile, that's all it is. So you rent your little bike and you go one end of devolved to the other and then of course you go to pier house and watch the you know the sunset, which is what you do. And did you go to Hemingway house when you were there?
yeah, I mean you see is inside of his house, you see his library especially the part out back, which was his where he did I was writing. But the cool thing is the cats, because they're still they really are all still descendants were going so many years now. But my first ever cat, I knew nothing about animals and I first ever cat, I got it home as a kitten and I looked at it and I immediately called my best friend, I said my cats defective and and she's Yeah, yeah, exact word was my cats, the fact that, and she's like, what are you talking about? I said He's got six toes on each foot, he's defective, I want to bring him back. And she tried to tell me no
true skin Marie, you can't make it up. And she's
like not defective. Some cats have six toes, and I'd never heard of that. Then she said, you need to research the Hemingway cats. You have. I mean, my cat wasn't a Hemingway cat, just He was defective and had six toes. So
that's really, that's when I first learned about it
in Saint Augustine. Okay.
Well,
Yeah, my boy jesus, he was he was massive, he grew into those feet And he was 20, He wasn't fat, he was 26 pounds
when I
held him. You know how you have your fat and you cradle okay
with him. One hand would be up here, my other hand would be basically near my knee old him. I was like, this is my defective cat. I'm like, is he part mountain lion?
What what is he?
He was and he was, there wasn't an ounce of fat on him. He was rescued
and
now I have lazy ass cats. I'm talking about you, I have a Siamese who's gorgeous and he's right here staring at me, waiting for food. And then my other cat who's probably outside, they don't go out out like in the yard, have a patio screen, he's outside hunting for me, he'll bring me a bug or something. He's a bangle. And let me tell you, he lives up to everything you've ever heard about a bengal, being able to just stand And jumped 10 ft straight up. Absolutes
true. Absolutely true. I mean, yeah,
I wouldn't want to. I mean, there's nothing he's a he thank God, he's a good boy. He's a good boy. He doesn't have scratching posts. I'm looking at it. I have like 10 scratching posts upstairs, downstairs, in every room. I'm shocked the boys actually, that's what they used to scratch on.
And
my
what do you have?
They're what
okay. They sell at petsmart Petco anyplace. It's it's like a for lack of a better way to call it. It's like a double sided tape, but it's for cats and it comes in strips that you could buy at the pet store because again, when I first brought them, they were babies, I got them both as kittens. I had no idea if they were going to be bad or good. I just knew I didn't want to de claw them. So I'm like, okay, I'm looking at my dining room furniture in my living room furniture going, uh you know, I don't want them to hurt it. So that's my vet said by these strips and just put them on like they're invisible. Like we can't see them. It's like a double sided invisible tape. And if they try to touch it, they don't like this texture of it. And
they
yeah, it's invisible to us. It's see through. I don't know what you call it. Like pet. If you go to your pet story, they'll have it rather than like, you know, because I don't believe in decline, you know? Yeah.
of my, one
of my
this guy here, I can do anything to the other one, the mango I have. He cuts his nails once a year when he goes to the vet and the rest of the time he just, you know use the scratching post. They really do you know? So
Richard smell. How old are they? Yeah.
I hate to point this out to you, but if there are already seven years old, good
luck on training them. Okay. No, I don't want to sound negative.
But what
is she
there? You have
and you
show me?
Okay. One of
my, one
of my
bangle will usually come. The other one is just right here. Yeah, I see you. He's just
lit. He's just asleep.
He's a flame point.
He's a flame
point. Siamese. His fur
has a little red all along
the back
and he has those, hold on. Yeah, you must have a photo, hold on. He's got
sorry,
hey this is my bangle. Just be the bangle. Yeah, And
Mac.
Well,
I'm not
saying it and you just cut off your video feed, right? Yeah,
I just see a blank screen right now. Well, nope.
I don't know what you did.
All
I
see
is a black screen with a silhouette of
which
I don't think it's you.
Hello?
yeah, your video
is gone.
Why
would
they come off? They say you could talk as long as you want.
And you see me? What?
Okay, I'm trying to show you.
I am
not. I don't know. I'm trying to find that photo. Oh yeah, your your video is gone. Trying to fight. Yes, Mac, I'm talking about you. Here's Mack. Can you see? Oh there you are, you're back, you're back.
There's Mac, there's
the boy.
now, I don't know where you went. Just like boom, you just went
completely away.
how big
is he?
She's 77.
on.
No, come here, wait,
we have
company.
Okay. Oh, come on a look. Look. Uh huh. Wait, let me see. Come here. Okay. That was kona who I repeat does not like to be held. I mentioned that. Right. Right, Korea come back. Come on. Mac is hunting a bug. Right. He's hunting
This
one staring at Do you guys want food? If you want food, you have to come up and cuddle me. No food free. Come on. Well, let's see. I wonder why they match. Like, I don't know how prolific works with like Who they decide you're going to talk to you because I, I was like, I wonder if I'm going to get like a, you know, a 16 year old boy or you know, a senior
citizen
or so
whoever,
who else have you talked to? Like what age
groups
or
Well,
Okay.
Huh.
So like how do I let them know that, you know, I'll do this again or they just send you a message saying, hey, do you want to do it again?
It's
fun.
Especially
with Covid right now. I'm not leaving my house. I mean I, I have, it's called like appointment television. I go out once a week one day, like today was my day and I hit any store that I was, you know, it's raining. What a shock. I go to every store that I need to go to eye mask. I glove. I'm in Palm Beach County. I'm an idiot florida with our moron governor and all that. And so of course he's concerned no one needs to wear mask because Covid is not real.
Well. Yeah,
that's what I'm living. COVID is not real. Meanwhile we're at, you know, nearly 300,000 dead people. But hey, it's not real, you know? Um it's fun. So yeah, I wear mass. I have my gloves on. I, you know, I have stuff all over the place, you know, sanitizer and you know, if I go out. But you know, I thought this would be a fun thing because what the hell I'm in the house and what?
Well you have your husband,
there's that. I don't know, you
can
appreciate
that. But uh uh
huh.
Meet in
the middle your houses three storeys. It's a big
oh, a townhouse. Okay. Because I was like, I thought my house is pretty
big.
How many square feet is it?
Alright.
Right.
I already
know the answer. My house in Hawaii. I actually showed it to a realtor just for victor. And I said, how much is my house in Hawaii? And they said I just fainted at my house in Hawaii is $15 million.
It's
Um it's five bedrooms, a theater and two stories. It's about 5000 square feet. I don't know,
it's big.
And I
was by myself, I bought it for me and then
I ended up meeting somebody
and
getting married. But I bought it for me
like space.
I like rooms like I have you know
my
office
room
and then I have a dedicated guest room and like I said, I have a movie theater, harry potter and uh in order. And so with twilight
we also did all the Hunger Games. We we hunt and Hunger Games. Also, I'm looking at that book too, the ballad of song, birds and snakes. She also wrote a follow up to Hunger Games. So Your Hunger Games or twilight's at all Both at the same time came out with new books that will take about an hour and a half to read Because you know they're only like 300 pages and they're like you know it's not like reading serious stuff. But
yeah I kind of think what else kona is in the tower. I have a giant three story cat tower and he's in that one. He's waiting for his food.
Well he's no he's no I'm in the family room and he's in the kitchen. I have this giant power. That's well it's a big kitchen so it's yeah it all looks outside to the bloody peacocks.
I'm surprised
they're not yelling because it's late when in the morning when you wake it's like having roosters. You know I
mean that loud and imagine 50 of them. Yeah, when I have company and the peacocks are in mating season, which is at the january february and march, God help you. If you come down people like who are visiting me in other circumstances, not Covid there. What the hell is that noise? And
it's like, like if you have a house, I don't know where you live, if it's near like a train or an airport, but when you live near one you simply just don't hear it anymore. You don't
hear the
train like they're like what noise? Oh that oh
you're my peacocks, their like and they're not even mine, they're wild, but
they're gorgeous.
So I don't know, we could probably talk about just about anything for
like yeah,
I have a breath of knowledge as they like
and I uh um I mean we're being recorded so all I can say is that I retired very early because I invested very smartly. Yeah. And
my God,
we should we should be friends.
Like
how
prolific my friends give me. I'm not I'm not kidding. We're being recorded. My friends For over the last 15 years. Give me all their stuff and just say can you help me either invest it or what am I doing wrong or give me a budget Or I'm I got our deigned because I wanted to make, a couple of my friends wanted to get married and they wanted me to do it. And then I researched it and I started taking it really seriously and then like I will sit down like my friends got married and they're like can you help us like plan a budget and what to do and how much and percentages and all that. And then they said how did help did you retire? Like hang on, I'll get rid of it. It's spam, I'm sure how did you retire so early? It was like you know back in the day I said that antiquated expression when I was first going to invest stuff. I mean I wanted to you know, I was afraid to just do one thing because what if it flops then you're screwed and you know always the things I remember the market will always come back as bad as it's going to be right now, as bad as it is when joe biden gets in and things maybe start turning around the markets like if you lose a ton don't kill yourself. People do just wait and way back when there was a product that I liked lot and you know I was an exercise aholic and I was always working out and I had tried, you know, I've tried everything. I tried Adidas Converse, Reebok and then there was this new little brand of Nike which was basically an unknown brand. I mean everyone was busy with Reebok, Reebok,
Reebok
Reebok
Converse, which I had and then I put a pair of Nike shoes on and they fit me different, that's all I can say. They fit me just different. So I was like, you know, let me just take a flyer on this company. Well, Mhm. I retired early.
You
can you
can do the math in your head. It's, I think today it's $280 a share. I don't know what it is. Yeah. So I retired early.
The government knows obviously I pay taxes, but you know, I I do mutual fund, I put a lot of stuff together as mutual funds. Uh and I have for a long time and I have, you know, when I worked, I had a four oh one K and you know, all that stuff, but I'm, I guess fortunate, it's like, and this is kind of comical, I know we're being recorded, but I had a meeting with a financial advisor years ago, and because I wanted to get everything, I said, well, what if I retired? And he's like how to retire? And I said, yeah, I think I can. And and so he's like, well, what are your assets and all this? And, you know, I had a good four oh one K. Obviously if you're working, put the most in that you possibly can, if it's not a hardship, like if your company At one point my company said, if you whatever amount you put in, they'll match like up to 5% of it or you know, just most you can defer defer defer. And then I, by the way throughout I said, oh I have one more thing. I just have a stock. I have no idea. No, I really had no idea. Not a clip because I don't even pay attention. I just had it as my ace in the hole for my future. And he said you have wet stock now. And I said, yeah, I bought it when it was nothing and I think it's split like six times. And and he's like, how much do you have was like, I'm not exactly sure. Let me get the paperwork. Yeah. He's like, oh, you can retire, you can retire so
well
All
It's risky.
You know
the
big
thing
is that your age, you're in a situation, it's different than me because you you can afford to take a little bit of risk. You can't, you're in that situation where everything you do doesn't have to be like completely safe. You know, you can take risks. You got a job, you have a job, probably a decent job you have health care paid for. I'm assuming, you know, you contribute, you're in a situation where you can afford to gamble, you just have to realize right now the world is nuts. And of course, my first thought was, okay, I'm doing a mutual fund that I'm gonna make myself of Modern a fighter and Zoom and Zoom right now is if you would have known if the pandemic hadn't existed and you would have invested in zoom, It was $100 a share Assume because of the pandemic is like $800 a share to buy one share of zoom or look at Moderna or Pfizer. You know, these those two companies are coming out with this vaccine and there's another one that's going to be involved as well. But even still, I mean one share is like $400. That's a lot for share. You know, I'm talking when I did my poopsie, let's buy it because I like their product, you know, plunked down a bit. You know, I bought give me X amount of shares from like, you know, and You know, back then if something was $20 a share. Yeah. Bye.
Yeah. Let me buy
it
Actually. It was less than $20 when I bought it.
Yeah, I mean, and I really didn't know. I know that sounds stupid because I'm sitting here saying I'm good with money and finance and all that, but but I truly didn't pay attention like it was like because it's not something I need right now. I mean I'm retired but you know, I'm obviously doing okay and my other half is doing very well also thank God. Yeah. Yeah. They're still completely working. I'm not, they are. Yeah.
But but yeah, I mean, you know, might have to worry about health care yet, you know, I will soon but because I'm a smidge older than you socks now. My dog woke up, what Is 19 and death? Oh 19.
I don't know how he's still alive, but he's hanging Anyway. So right now in Utah, is it 4:49 or 3:49?
3 40 here it's 5 49. I'm two hours ago. You Cool. Well I wish we could be friends so
much in common. It's ridiculous.
Yeah. I'm a smidge older than you. I know that. But I
also, like all of my friends are way younger than me because I skew really young. Like I can talk about I mean pop culture ad nauseam and show business at nauseam celebrities. Sports. Yeah
let me talk finance. So this is perfect.
the only reason I'm going to show you this is here's a little note that I made on my iphone of stocks. I need to buy seriously it's called stocks. I need to buy right here. Who who does, who has this on the iphone I need to buy is my note to myself. But again they're all you know like Pfizer and Moderna but it's for for the return it's not worth it Because you have to put out like I said $500,600.00 for a single share. You know 5000 gets you Not you know 10 shares, you know Make $25. It's not you know but don't do penny stocks that silly.
Well
well if you if you there's certain things that you could do that if you talk with a financial planner, well I get it, you're too young but there are certain things that you could do, where everything you do is completely tax deferred till till you retire until you actually need the money. And my 401K. When I when I left my job um and I left my dad sounds so good you know I look like shit I don't want to pay taxes on all this heat. That's crazy. So that's when I got a finance guy involved you know and I said like what can I do? He goes when do you need your money? I said well like I don't know 65 70 you know decent health, knock wood, decent health
and you know, I don't need it right now. So what can he do? He said, well, we could put you in something that's income based, but you don't have to pay taxes because you don't take out the money. And the trick for that is To do everything that way, because you presume when you hit 65 or 66, you're not going to be working, so you're going to be in a lower tax bracket. So even though you're going to pay taxes, It's not you're not in the 33% tax bracket, you're in the well, who knows by then what? But you know, you're in whatever is the absolute lowest tax bracket you could possibly be, so you will be taxed but not as though you were earning whatever, you know, whatever, I don't want to discuss money, but whatever money you're earning. So that's the trick. You know? And I just rolled it right in there so I don't pay taxes on any of that because I'm not taking any income on it. Right?
Now my lovely Nike. Um
that because that has nothing to do with the price of eggs. I mean that's just again, it's like it's lonely. Yes, that I get a thingy every year. And because I get checks all the time, I'm like, because the finance guy said he's like, so you have this Nike stuff to get any money. I said, oh yeah, they send me money every, it's like, it never dawned on me. I'm like, oh yeah, I guess I must have money there because they send me money. Well that's like my play money. I get the money from Nike and that's my play money and you know what I earn on prolific is just, I mean it's more fun. I'm not doing it to earn money really.
But yeah, but everything I do is completely tax deferred.
Yeah. So you know, well, well the peacocks haven't screamed and now it's pitch dark so you're not going to, you won't hear them in the morning if you called me in the morning. Oh yeah. They would be yelling like wonder if I have them recorded then then we should go because you're probably like, oh peacocks, this is called peak. What's this one? Uh huh
uh huh. Now that's just like two of them Multiply that by 50
and
it will
go on for hours, hours and there will be like, I need to put the photos back on my phone. There will be Like 15 of the males, you know with the beautiful plumes, Like 15 of them just sitting on my fence screaming
Yes. In fact,
my favorite story is I was in a meet and actually I was in a very serious professional meeting. I was like, it was new york Los Angeles London and me and we were all in a serious meeting. I was at home. Yeah. And I had the doors wide open and the peacock started yelling and everybody in the meeting was like, is somebody being murdered? What is like, what is that noise? Like you can't imagine if I gave you a million guesses and said, what was that noise? You'd never guess. And they're
like,
Alyssa, is there somebody murdered? Is there a cat fight? And I'm just like, no, that's the peacock. Yeah. So what? Well, no, and he doesn't everybody have peacocks in their backyard. Like
I got add, I've learned so much since I moved into this house. Like they they when they lay all the animals the whole world, every animal is mating season at the same time. So we'll be mating and the males are just screaming at all times because they want the
it's all day all night. Where's my woman? You know? And then the females go and nest where it happens to be they like my yard. So they nest in my yard. I've had something that tried to nest on the top of my I have a screen enclosure outside with an aluminum overhang. Well that they lay eggs up there. But those are dummy nests. The reason
they're called dumbness is that if there's predators that are going to steal the eggs they're not those eggs aren't viable but they lay them anyway. Thinking let the predators take that. Meanwhile mom lays on those eggs for like two months and never gets up. It's like two
months. You have cock
in your yard not moving like not not moving not getting up. I'm here. That's it. Live with me. Yeah. And she she will not leave those eggs because those are the viable ones with the babies. Yeah. And then
like you saw that one photo the babies hatch within the minute. They hatch. They're trying to eat you know pecking at the ground and their wings are half an inch a centimeter their wings or maybe a centimeter and they flattened but they can't fly. You're so freaking you. And then
you saw it right away. Boom. Unlike human babies that need God knows how long to learn what? No they're already walking out and there with their mom. 24 7. Yeah. one year. I think there were I had three females And I think I had 15 babies all the same. And they're so cute because they and again,
I wish I have a video, but I'm pretty sure it's not on this phone because again, I dumped it. I have them. They all came in the yard and they were all running around the yard. Yeah, I don't. Okay. Well I also have, yeah. Well why not?
Well, I think they're trying to tell us to stop talking
because I haven't moved. I haven't,
I know that
you have a
Okay. That's them saying get off the phone. I think. Well, I don't think we're allowed to continue though. Right? We can't continue outside of prolific.
I don't
know.
I don't know if you want to. I mean I'm on facebook.
I'm on facebook. What's your favorite? I mean it's up to you. I don't want to get you in trouble or anything. Are you on? I mean we don't have to but if you wanted to
how do we do this without doing this? Well you know what's generic is an email because we can still be completely anonymous through email. Okay my first name is Susan, which you already know. Right?
Oh I'm sorry. Hi, nice to meet you. I'm Susan
and my favorite sport is hockey.
Okay so my email is hockey. Susan at
yahoo.
So
I'm going to leave it up to you if you want to communicate, we're still completely anonymous. You don't know my name. I don't your name. We don't have our facebook accounts or phone numbers. If you want to send me a message, I'm happy to continue. You know.
So
now
you say I have to go back to that other screen then right and fill out the questionnaire.
you
through.
So,
if
you want to send me an email, hockey is H O C K E Y. It's all on you. And um I have a crazy, ridiculous background and we didn't get in any of
that.
That's all right. Right.
I know the
odds spend. So you can kind of figure out where my job was. But anyway, so. All right,
well, this is my
first time finally getting a human and we talked for an hour. Well, this
is
we could still go your husband's like, what the hell?
Go shopping.
I just came back. So, I got to do the question. You say. That takes about 20 minutes.
How
do you spell your name?
K. I. K. I. Okay.
Trying
to think. I only know basketball kiki Vander Way was a basketball player.
He is keeping his daughter.
His daughter is a tennis player. Yes.
He
was a basketball
player.
Vander Way. You're right. He has a daughter who plays tennis my back on the screen yet or no.
Okay, you can. Yeah, I think that's their way of. Hey guys, shut up, prolific. We're having fun. So thank you. I'm
trying. I don't know any kiki except Kiki Vander Way, a basketball player. You're The 1st 1. Is that a nickname in your real name?
Alright, if you send me an email, I'll get it. If not, this was the light. Alright,
now
we
shut, we shut this off and then just go to the other screen. All right, give me a good review. Oh,
all