SPEAKER_L: What's up? Oh Okay, so this will start at about seven. Good, I'm just texting back and forth with math teachers. There you go. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Really? All what? Mhm. Yeah. I wonder if I should go into the, to the kitchen. Sure. Whatever you want. No, no I should be OK. I might hit a quick shower. Haven't yet today. Thank you. Mouse. Oh mickey. What? You missed mickey? They have a little mickey. Males uh in the rafters. Is that Disney world? Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Mhm. Once. Mhm. My pleasure. Right. Mhm. It's just yeah. Okay. Okay. Well was actually Yeah. Okay. Easy. Okay. Okay. Yeah that's the new button. I don't know if that would be any value but does yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh, correct. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting they say that those things break up the particles. The nurse. Yeah, but everybody has them. Yes. So I wonder if that made ST louis more susceptible. It would not shock me.
SPEAKER_R: Hey. Hello,
SPEAKER_L: Hello, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, good evening.
SPEAKER_L: Good evening.
SPEAKER_R: A bit quieter. That was really loud.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes,
SPEAKER_R: All right, let's spend it. Perfect,
SPEAKER_L: sorry about that,
SPEAKER_R: no worries, no worries. That was my mistake. That's a headset thing. Right, we've been doing a lot of these last couple of months, so I'm running, I'm in new york
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I'm Jason, I'm in Milwaukee, so,
SPEAKER_R: Milwaukee, that's Harley Davidson country. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it is.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have a motorbike here, honey?
SPEAKER_L: No, I uh they're like 20 grand on a teacher's salary just
SPEAKER_R: man, I know you're a teacher, mm
SPEAKER_L: Right,
SPEAKER_R: Well that's a very, very noble profession.
SPEAKER_L: thank you, thank you. And you're spot on with zoom uh
SPEAKER_R: Beat it.
SPEAKER_L: March 13th until Until summer, it was every day, 8 10 hours of time and
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: prayer.
SPEAKER_R: wife teaches as well, yeah, and I disappeared from the house when she is uh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: actually needs a bit of peace and quiet and I can completely imagine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my wife's a teacher as well, so we uh we have different parts of our house where all stage.
SPEAKER_R: we did the same thing, we did the
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: same thing, we sort of opposite ends of the apartment, so so anything specific, your teacher is more general?
SPEAKER_L: um for me, I'm an at risk teacher, so I deal with the students to struggle academically or behaviorally so, but I usually get the opportunity to teach social studies and uh and then I usually take math because the teachers I work with will go, I hate math, and I'm like well the kids need to know it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true, and it's super handy and it can be fun, should be fun.
SPEAKER_L: Um but you know, it's, it varies I taught high school for about 13 years and that I switched the middle school this year because I always wanted to try a little our kids and it's it's quite neat, but at the same time it's quite challenging because, you know, they don't quite know their themselves yet and they're still a little silly and but
SPEAKER_R: that's it, I can remember how I was very much, I was very silly I think. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too. I think that's what makes the best teachers, you know, when I talk to my peers that are all straight a students in high school, they don't connect with the kids the same way where um I was not a straight a student. Nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: Not until college. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: What's Hillary around? Those are super good in college, that sort of got bored and sort of lost a way of study and sort of dropped out of everything, dropped out of university and then and then I started working And then at 30 I wanted to agree, so I started going back to school and II did my masters when I was 33, so maybe it would have worked better if I was a bit smarter when I was younger, but it was really hard when you're working and you're studying, so.
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's an amazing accomplishment. My mom went to school later in life as well and It was very similar. She was actually think she was 30 as well, and it was
SPEAKER_R: it would have been so much easier if I just don't done everything I had to do when I was 18 or 19, I think it was just lazy.
SPEAKER_L: well. But you know there's something to be said about Education later in life because at 18 you
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: don't value at the same, you know I
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: went
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: uh no the upper Peninsula, my roommate in college had a cabin up there and we were talking about college, he was reminiscing about drinking before class and I thought to myself, How did I allow that to happen at 22 like with my roommate? But You know now I look back and go man at 30, I wouldn't have even that would have never crossed crossed his mind or my mind. So
SPEAKER_R: Same thing figure
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I remember
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: doing an evening classes uh
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: five or 6 years ago and people were just sneaking out to smoke joints and I was like, I'm working all day, this is this, this should be fun if you don't like studying, what do you want to do here? And this was a class, like everybody was 30 or 35 and uh everybody already had a degree and we were just doing, I think it was a motorcycle mechanics, we wanted to be motorcycle mechanics at 30 and it was Bunch of people 30, and people just went outside. I mean, I paid a lot of money for this and I really want to do this, why should you do that? And they go outside and do something else? I mean it was really weird and at that point I felt really adult as if it were a swear word, your
SPEAKER_L: But it's
SPEAKER_R: your fronting.
SPEAKER_L: it's the right mindset though, especially you know you've worked all day to get this opportunity and you're not gonna blow it. Whereas an 18 year old, you know, they're just hoping to get done with class, go back to the dorm and. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's like my grandpa youth is wasted on the
SPEAKER_L: Yes that is a very good statement.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. He was a wise man. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: So do you work in auto mechanic now or do you
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: do?
SPEAKER_R: no, absolutely, no. That was just that I'm actually a software engineer. I do websites and apps and I'm I'm studying to be a a machine learning developer. Now that's like statistical programming. Where you want to try to predict things, they give you a set of data like like membership data and age and location data and you have to sort of find patterns and then predict stuff which is still very confusing. But it'll get better I hope.
SPEAKER_L: Sure. But that's what a need opportunity though especially with you know different predictive things in the world were coming. That's a that's a skill
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: for the future.
SPEAKER_R: it's going to be a data based world. Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: Greater.
SPEAKER_R: But then again at the same time, I still I hope this world will still be be human because we're not all were not just figures.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: We are
SPEAKER_L: That's certain.
SPEAKER_R: not just the combination of that that we are, we are very complex beings. So yeah, we'll see how that goes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well there's nothing wrong with being a little worried about a lot of things right now. It's it's just something I was telling one of my co teachers about. I said we've never lived through something like this. You know
SPEAKER_R: Very true.
SPEAKER_L: the closest that I could come up with is maybe my grandparents lived through polio. But other than that I mean you know no one in my family was at least not in recent memory, Lame through 1918 pandemic.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, you're right.
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: You're right.
SPEAKER_L: This is that would be that the nearest thing and of that, that would be my grandparents generation, so
SPEAKER_R: Because completely be able to just say, I think I actually had the same thought just a year ago when when my uh last grandparent died and both of them, he and his wife, they went to a Second World War. And I remember telling him once, well I have never been through something in my life. That's what you've been to the Second World War. And he said, well buddy, I hope you never have to because there were four long years and uh and maybe in your country, I'm from Belgium and I'm not I'm not for me to say, but maybe your country had family or friends or relatives who went to Vietnam or Korea. But I can I can just imagine, well war is going to imagine it. And
SPEAKER_L: and with oh I was, I was just going to add Belgium being right in the middle of it would have been Oh,
SPEAKER_R: And I think it is, we are, we are a big in europe, we are a big part of the european union. But we have a big history reports with the french against the Germans and the german spanish and the Princeton spanish. And, and I said the european union and Beginning and middle in mid 20th century, a sort of, well, when we built the european union, that was sort of the end of these, these wars amongst these countries and uh well, we had a bit of spouts in 92 of Sarajevo and the checks, but that was just sort of the end of the war for us. And I hope with Brexit that could still remain valid
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: because I hope it doesn't go to shit shit.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no, that's uh when you talk about Brett sick, that's exactly what I worried about when I saw it, I thought the european union has successfully created economic zone that, you know, takes the profitability out of war when your trading partners
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: together,
SPEAKER_R: true. Very
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: true,
SPEAKER_L: But with
SPEAKER_R: I've never
SPEAKER_L: Brexit,
SPEAKER_R: told me like that.
SPEAKER_L: you know now you take you take that common current. Well the british had the problem, they didn't take the euro, but but the other countries, I mean what if other countries decide like what if France left the union or you know, spain and then you're looking at a crippled union, which just, I don't know, it's it's a good example of a small moneyed interest wanting something that the general populace doesn't want,
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely
SPEAKER_L: you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and lying about it and manipulating the national mindset to think that is actually a good thing to be, not european I met and blatant lies bloody hell. I mean I remember seeing an ad that being in the european union cost uh cost great Britain, £360 million that must have been $400 million a week just in Social Security which was a blatant lie and it was smeared all over the newspapers and they had they they painted it on bosses that drove through all of Britain, I mean how can how can people get away with these lives? I mean oh I think that's, that may work in every country, my country, my country is not immune to that either sir.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, and it's what's really scary, especially looking 20 years down the line is, you know, what happens when economic times become tougher because we've lived through a general economic growth. I mean, in my lifetime, You know, we had the 80s 2008, but we're talking infant is malee small economic events. But if we get another great depression and England's now by itself, you get a nationalist flare and that doesn't even include East Asia, which is in itself, the scariest thing that, you know, most people in the United States will never realize how dangerous and how much of a challenge that could be in 20 years. I mean, you know, you look at, you know, china effectively doing to south china sea building islands for territorial expansion and Taiwan japan Korea. It's, but you know, yes, the average american, they have no idea which is a teacher. That's something I have to make sure that when I teach global studies, I always say like we do uh activity called hotspots and what I have, the students do
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: is okay, just you know, You have 25 minutes to research hotspots in the globe, you're going to list them on the board or we list them on the board or you know, online. And then what we do is we have, the students talk about their hotspot and how significant they think it is
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: too. Um, so, and I think, you know what that's done for a lot of kids is to realize number one that we live in relative very peaceful area. United States. I mean, You know, with the exception of some wars in the 1850s, excuse me. While the civil, war, um, pre that the spanish american war and things, there really hasn't been conflict on american soil. Whereas you know, you go to europe and my great
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: grandfather, excuse me, My my grandfather fought in World War two, um, he fought in the pacific against the japanese and then my great grandfather was in Germany
SPEAKER_R: different,
SPEAKER_L: and he fought in World War One and yeah,
SPEAKER_R: my country was the patterns of all the time. We were, we had waterloo, we were like the country in between holland and France and Germany and Britain and when they had a fight they came to us to fight it out so that's that's why they created Belgium who have a sort of a buffer zone
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've,
SPEAKER_R: and uh
SPEAKER_L: I've always wanted to visit Belgium, the closest I got was in, okay, my senior year in high school, we went to paris and we went to London and there was supposed to be a road trip to Belgium and I signed up to go, but um, we were in London at the time and there was a mail bombing that took out a mailbox and such and our professors like nope, you're staying here so we, I can go, but I've heard it's just a wonderful, it's a wonderful country, beautiful and so
SPEAKER_R: it's weird and complex but I like, yeah
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: and the
SPEAKER_L: uh I've always wanted to convince my wife to go to Germany, but she's she's not having it.
SPEAKER_R: okay, yeah, I like jeremy, I like it a lot, it's uh it's a well thought of country, it's very efficient. Hello german engineering, I used to have a german car and german motorcycles so I love that and uh well the Germans are great, the Germans are great organizers and they are very very very friendly people and it's a beautiful country, I love, I love driving through it. It's brilliant. And the thing is when you live in Belgium, if you drive for an hour in the same direction, you're in another country. So it's like living in a small state in Usa, I live in a small fate. I would say. It's not like, well, some Delaware, but it's, it's uh, it's a bit bigger.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Well I couldn't, I couldn't even imagine being able to within an hour being a different culture museum. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: London is a two hour train right from just leaving the door and paris is a two hour train right as well. But in your direction and then answer, Damn is an hour and a half driving up north. So we're really in the middle. It's fun.
SPEAKER_L: Sure man, like um my wife, we've thought about going to bavaria because that's where my grandfather was
SPEAKER_R: Beautiful
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: country.
SPEAKER_L: my other grandmother is from Austria, but I didn't realize there was a conflict between Austrians and Germans, I always thought you were the same, but if I told my Austrian grandmother that she was german, she will not have it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's, it's uh, touchy subject. I think that, uh, If I recall correctly, then Germany annexed Austria in 1938. Which, uh, real times.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes my grandfather on my mom's side fought in World War Two and he would just tell some stories about it. I think very much and similar what you're talking about, he said everybody cheers war when you don't fight it. Everybody
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: is a nationalist when they can be at home, you know when conflict comes
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: and you put
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: yourself in danger, you know those ideals that you hold so dear when you're sitting on your couch are considerably different in the foxhole is the way. But
SPEAKER_R: My grandfather, also, smart wise one used to say that a war is again when everybody loses. Yeah, you can he was he had a rough time. He was taken uh prisoner. I spent two years in Poland with with a lot of countrymen and very few food. And when he came back, everything was lost. People, other people have taken his house. So I had just started over again. Weird terms. I just cannot imagine this mean uh we are, I feel really uh spoiled is the word. Yeah. And and I sometimes catch myself thinking of um my brother's Children and I think that they are spoiled because we did not have this and this and this and this is only a young man, we will be a little bit rougher. But then again, when I reflect on my parents or my grandparents all didn't have me, you don't need an ipad, but food is great, having food everyday is great. Yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: that's a very good point. I have two Children myself and no, I think that's the goal of every parent is to make it better. But by looking at when you make it a little bit better for them you think man they don't appreciate what I got. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: We did a unit years ago, we were talking about technology in school and the principal pulled out a letter written by a school principal and like It must have been 1890 or something. And it's like the chalkboard will destroy education. And then he followed. Yeah, I found I think it was either Socrates or Plato or something. Talking about how paper and I'm not, it was some anxious greek, but talking about how paper would destroy education
SPEAKER_R: brilliant.
SPEAKER_L: because and people don't have to remember it, they just have to write it down.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, of course. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: So it just shows that, you know, narratives, the physical objects change, but the narrative doesn't.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I remember reading what I read the text in in high school and it was like the romans and there was just one text we had to translate and then it went something like this fall When I, when I see the the young people that was written by a guy who must have been 40 or 50 when I see the young people, we're all going down the drain. This civilization cannot longer last with this kind of youth, this is the worst kind of youth has ever existed. I remember that And then that was 2000 years ago. So even that narrative is a eternal, I'm afraid.
SPEAKER_L: yep. And while we live it as youth, we say, oh, our parents don't understand and then we get old,
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: course.
SPEAKER_L: look at artists can go maybe
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, maybe. Oh man, I have had such trouble with my dad. Oh yes, and they were very good now, but when I wasn't at all the lessons when I was, when I was a kid, it was hard, must have been really hard on him, but uh it's all good now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, and every son pushes back on their pops. It's just I send up to me, I did it to my dad and I'm very confident my dad did to his,
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's just part of the natural development just you know, and heck just like we talked about at the beginning, you know, if I knew what I knew now at you know When I was 15, oh man, my life would have been smooth. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I feel a lot, a lot more confident and then just take it in stride and oh man, I wish I had the confidence of a 40 year old when I was 20. Oh man, that would have been so much easier, I would have slept so much better, jesus.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But you know, the other flip side of it is is they say the strongest steel is forged by fire. The best life, the best lines we have are built upon the missteps and the learning that we have because of it because You know, that's that's one statement always tell my kids the best teacher is not 100% on your test. The best any kind of learning is when you don't succeed and you want to,
SPEAKER_R: but yes, very correct
SPEAKER_L: and as
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: a software engineer, I imagine that's what you teach, you know?
SPEAKER_R: absolutely, I mean uh my My job is like 10% when I'm programming. When I'm building a software program, I'm Programming is like 10% of the job, and 90% of the job is correcting the errors I just made while doing the program and
SPEAKER_L: It's,
SPEAKER_R: finding those It's called debugging. You probably know, you probably know what debugging is, so you write 100 lines of code and then you test it and then you start debugging it and then corrected all the errors you mean? And that's 90% of it. So and that's all the time. You get better a bit and then you get no problems. So that doesn't change. It's exactly the same thing. And
SPEAKER_L: Ever?
SPEAKER_R: then then you don't learn from your success, as you learn from your mistakes, right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh my friend Dustin was a, software is a software engineer, I don't know where he works now, but um in previous he worked at astronautics, um it's a big aerospace company in Milwaukee, and he would talk about debugging code with, you know, hundreds of thousands of lines of code and he's like, like how was your day? I said it didn't encompass that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's a it's a mindset, I don't always like it and it's like when you resolve something, well your reward is you can go to the next error and then that goes on for a while. So. Well the instant rewarding. Uh one other thing I really like to do is cooking, preparing food and you're rewarded about one hour after you start, which is good, which is so completely different from my job, that's a lot of fun. I mean the the instant reward is a very nice.
SPEAKER_L: yep, and with cooking, there's so many different ways to do it and I try to cook for my family quite a bit, my wife and I split it right down the middle and, but after a really long day of school there's nothing better than throwing something on the cast iron and okay because you know, it's
SPEAKER_R: I can hear
SPEAKER_L: just,
SPEAKER_R: it sizzling now.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's the exact opposite my job at school. At school. It's, you know, we always joke, it's organized chaos. There's so much going on. There's this at cooking. I can go, I can take a look at the recipe and providing, I'm not getting too wild with the ingredients, it'll turn out. Whereas in school there days where I've planned out, my lesson seems to be going well and something curtails the next thing I know it's, Oh man, this is six or 7 hours of work to fix. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But you know, the one thing I live by in school is that student came to school to learn, they, they could have, they came to learn and that parent wants the best from their child and if that was my child in that seat, I want them to do well. So, but it's it's not easy though, just like you said, there's some days where ooh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I can imagine.
SPEAKER_L: adolescents do some things that you're like 20 years from now, when you think back upon today right now, you will not be happy with your decision.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Yes. Yeah that's what I just said. Well why couldn't I have studied just a little bit more when I was 18 that would have made my life I was 30 or 34 so much easier. But then again will I guess we we have to gather the wisdom not that just gave.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well, and I truly believe, you know, with life there's different paths and things and sometimes, you know, for my friends that did really well in high school and college And then they faced adversity when they're in their 30s, they struggled because they had never had where, you know, for me, I you know, had adversity and was able to overcome it. So when it comes at me now, it's like, okay, next up. So I think maybe for you that you know, that had you gone right into university and done really well right away, it might have taken
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: away opportunities
SPEAKER_R: contemplates absolutely I think so. Uh
SPEAKER_L: and you know, with relationships and such, you never know like you know, your your family and things like that, you know, a different pathway could have been different groups of friends and, and that's
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: where for me, I wouldn't trade, I wouldn't trade my wife for kids for anything in the world, so
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Then you're no kids but the wife is something very very valuable. I think she's sort of getting to know my wife was was like a true fork in life and it's not like like well from now on you can tell me what to do and I just tag along. But it's like maybe maybe a really strong man. So that was uh that was really great.
SPEAKER_L: that's how I feel about my wife and I think that's the best marriages when you can find that person that makes you want to do well, even when you're not, but well that's superman, that is that awesome? So right
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: has been
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: an exchange of very clear statements.
SPEAKER_L: it was definitely the highlight of my night. I
SPEAKER_R: All right. All
SPEAKER_L: appreciate it.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well all right, nice
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: a good night.
SPEAKER_R: to you by now.
SPEAKER_L: I hope our paths crossed someday in the future
SPEAKER_R: Well who knows I might make it to Milwaukee.
SPEAKER_L: that if you do, I would definitely love to see. Yeah, Have a good one.