What's up? Oh Okay, so this will start at about seven. Good, I'm just texting back and forth with math teachers. There you go. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Really? All what? Mhm. Yeah. I wonder if I should go into the, to the kitchen. Sure. Whatever you want. No, no I should be OK. I might hit a quick shower. Haven't yet today. Thank you. Mouse. Oh mickey. What? You missed mickey? They have a little mickey. Males uh in the rafters. Is that Disney world? Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Mhm. Once. Mhm. My pleasure. Right. Mhm. It's just yeah. Okay. Okay. Well was actually Yeah. Okay. Easy. Okay. Okay. Yeah that's the new button. I don't know if that would be any value but does yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh, correct. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting they say that those things break up the particles. The nurse. Yeah, but everybody has them. Yes. So I wonder if that made ST louis more susceptible. It would not shock me.
Hello, how are you?
Good evening.
Oh yes,
sorry about that,
Okay, I'm Jason, I'm in Milwaukee, so,
it is.
No, I uh they're like 20 grand on a teacher's salary just
Right,
thank you, thank you. And you're spot on with zoom uh
March 13th until Until summer, it was every day, 8 10 hours of time and
prayer.
Yeah.
Yeah, my wife's a teacher as well, so we uh we have different parts of our house where all stage.
well
um for me, I'm an at risk teacher, so I deal with the students to struggle academically or behaviorally so, but I usually get the opportunity to teach social studies and uh and then I usually take math because the teachers I work with will go, I hate math, and I'm like well the kids need to know it.
Um but you know, it's, it varies I taught high school for about 13 years and that I switched the middle school this year because I always wanted to try a little our kids and it's it's quite neat, but at the same time it's quite challenging because, you know, they don't quite know their themselves yet and they're still a little silly and but
Yeah, me too. I think that's what makes the best teachers, you know, when I talk to my peers that are all straight a students in high school, they don't connect with the kids the same way where um I was not a straight a student. Nothing.
Not until college. Yeah. Okay.
Well, that's an amazing accomplishment. My mom went to school later in life as well and It was very similar. She was actually think she was 30 as well, and it was
well. But you know there's something to be said about Education later in life because at 18 you
don't value at the same, you know I
went
up
uh no the upper Peninsula, my roommate in college had a cabin up there and we were talking about college, he was reminiscing about drinking before class and I thought to myself, How did I allow that to happen at 22 like with my roommate? But You know now I look back and go man at 30, I wouldn't have even that would have never crossed crossed his mind or my mind. So
but
I think
Yes.
But it's
it's the right mindset though, especially you know you've worked all day to get this opportunity and you're not gonna blow it. Whereas an 18 year old, you know, they're just hoping to get done with class, go back to the dorm and. Yeah.
Yes that is a very good statement.
So do you work in auto mechanic now or do you
do?
Sure. But that's what a need opportunity though especially with you know different predictive things in the world were coming. That's a that's a skill
for the future.
Greater.
Thanks.
That's certain.
Yeah. Well there's nothing wrong with being a little worried about a lot of things right now. It's it's just something I was telling one of my co teachers about. I said we've never lived through something like this. You know
the closest that I could come up with is maybe my grandparents lived through polio. But other than that I mean you know no one in my family was at least not in recent memory, Lame through 1918 pandemic.
huh.
This is that would be that the nearest thing and of that, that would be my grandparents generation, so
and with oh I was, I was just going to add Belgium being right in the middle of it would have been Oh,
that's
yeah, no, that's uh when you talk about Brett sick, that's exactly what I worried about when I saw it, I thought the european union has successfully created economic zone that, you know, takes the profitability out of war when your trading partners
are
together,
you know?
But with
Brexit,
you know now you take you take that common current. Well the british had the problem, they didn't take the euro, but but the other countries, I mean what if other countries decide like what if France left the union or you know, spain and then you're looking at a crippled union, which just, I don't know, it's it's a good example of a small moneyed interest wanting something that the general populace doesn't want,
you know? Yeah.
Yeah. Well, and it's what's really scary, especially looking 20 years down the line is, you know, what happens when economic times become tougher because we've lived through a general economic growth. I mean, in my lifetime, You know, we had the 80s 2008, but we're talking infant is malee small economic events. But if we get another great depression and England's now by itself, you get a nationalist flare and that doesn't even include East Asia, which is in itself, the scariest thing that, you know, most people in the United States will never realize how dangerous and how much of a challenge that could be in 20 years. I mean, you know, you look at, you know, china effectively doing to south china sea building islands for territorial expansion and Taiwan japan Korea. It's, but you know, yes, the average american, they have no idea which is a teacher. That's something I have to make sure that when I teach global studies, I always say like we do uh activity called hotspots and what I have, the students do
is okay, just you know, You have 25 minutes to research hotspots in the globe, you're going to list them on the board or we list them on the board or you know, online. And then what we do is we have, the students talk about their hotspot and how significant they think it is
too. Um, so, and I think, you know what that's done for a lot of kids is to realize number one that we live in relative very peaceful area. United States. I mean, You know, with the exception of some wars in the 1850s, excuse me. While the civil, war, um, pre that the spanish american war and things, there really hasn't been conflict on american soil. Whereas you know, you go to europe and my great
grandfather, excuse me, My my grandfather fought in World War two, um, he fought in the pacific against the japanese and then my great grandfather was in Germany
and he fought in World War One and yeah,
Yeah, I've,
I've always wanted to visit Belgium, the closest I got was in, okay, my senior year in high school, we went to paris and we went to London and there was supposed to be a road trip to Belgium and I signed up to go, but um, we were in London at the time and there was a mail bombing that took out a mailbox and such and our professors like nope, you're staying here so we, I can go, but I've heard it's just a wonderful, it's a wonderful country, beautiful and so
and then
uh I've always wanted to convince my wife to go to Germany, but she's she's not having it.
Yeah. Yeah. Well I couldn't, I couldn't even imagine being able to within an hour being a different culture museum. Uh huh
Sure man, like um my wife, we've thought about going to bavaria because that's where my grandfather was
and then
my other grandmother is from Austria, but I didn't realize there was a conflict between Austrians and Germans, I always thought you were the same, but if I told my Austrian grandmother that she was german, she will not have it.
Oh yes my grandfather on my mom's side fought in World War Two and he would just tell some stories about it. I think very much and similar what you're talking about, he said everybody cheers war when you don't fight it. Everybody
is a nationalist when they can be at home, you know when conflict comes
and you put
yourself in danger, you know those ideals that you hold so dear when you're sitting on your couch are considerably different in the foxhole is the way. But
that's a very good point. I have two Children myself and no, I think that's the goal of every parent is to make it better. But by looking at when you make it a little bit better for them you think man they don't appreciate what I got. Uh
We did a unit years ago, we were talking about technology in school and the principal pulled out a letter written by a school principal and like It must have been 1890 or something. And it's like the chalkboard will destroy education. And then he followed. Yeah, I found I think it was either Socrates or Plato or something. Talking about how paper and I'm not, it was some anxious greek, but talking about how paper would destroy education
because and people don't have to remember it, they just have to write it down.
So it just shows that, you know, narratives, the physical objects change, but the narrative doesn't.
yep. And while we live it as youth, we say, oh, our parents don't understand and then we get old,
we
look at artists can go maybe
Yeah. Well, and every son pushes back on their pops. It's just I send up to me, I did it to my dad and I'm very confident my dad did to his,
I think it's just part of the natural development just you know, and heck just like we talked about at the beginning, you know, if I knew what I knew now at you know When I was 15, oh man, my life would have been smooth. Right.
Yeah. But you know, the other flip side of it is is they say the strongest steel is forged by fire. The best life, the best lines we have are built upon the missteps and the learning that we have because of it because You know, that's that's one statement always tell my kids the best teacher is not 100% on your test. The best any kind of learning is when you don't succeed and you want to,
and as
a software engineer, I imagine that's what you teach, you know?
It's,
Ever?
Uh my friend Dustin was a, software is a software engineer, I don't know where he works now, but um in previous he worked at astronautics, um it's a big aerospace company in Milwaukee, and he would talk about debugging code with, you know, hundreds of thousands of lines of code and he's like, like how was your day? I said it didn't encompass that.
yep, and with cooking, there's so many different ways to do it and I try to cook for my family quite a bit, my wife and I split it right down the middle and, but after a really long day of school there's nothing better than throwing something on the cast iron and okay because you know, it's
just,
yeah, it's the exact opposite my job at school. At school. It's, you know, we always joke, it's organized chaos. There's so much going on. There's this at cooking. I can go, I can take a look at the recipe and providing, I'm not getting too wild with the ingredients, it'll turn out. Whereas in school there days where I've planned out, my lesson seems to be going well and something curtails the next thing I know it's, Oh man, this is six or 7 hours of work to fix. Yeah.
But you know, the one thing I live by in school is that student came to school to learn, they, they could have, they came to learn and that parent wants the best from their child and if that was my child in that seat, I want them to do well. So, but it's it's not easy though, just like you said, there's some days where ooh,
adolescents do some things that you're like 20 years from now, when you think back upon today right now, you will not be happy with your decision.
Yeah, well, and I truly believe, you know, with life there's different paths and things and sometimes, you know, for my friends that did really well in high school and college And then they faced adversity when they're in their 30s, they struggled because they had never had where, you know, for me, I you know, had adversity and was able to overcome it. So when it comes at me now, it's like, okay, next up. So I think maybe for you that you know, that had you gone right into university and done really well right away, it might have taken
away opportunities
and you know, with relationships and such, you never know like you know, your your family and things like that, you know, a different pathway could have been different groups of friends and, and that's
where for me, I wouldn't trade, I wouldn't trade my wife for kids for anything in the world, so
that's how I feel about my wife and I think that's the best marriages when you can find that person that makes you want to do well, even when you're not, but well that's superman, that is that awesome? So right
here
you,
it was definitely the highlight of my night. I
appreciate it.
have
a good night.
I hope our paths crossed someday in the future
that if you do, I would definitely love to see. Yeah, Have a good one.