Hey. Hello,
I'm good, good evening.
A bit quieter. That was really loud.
All right, let's spend it. Perfect,
no worries, no worries. That was my mistake. That's a headset thing. Right, we've been doing a lot of these last couple of months, so I'm running, I'm in new york
Milwaukee, that's Harley Davidson country. Mhm.
Do you have a motorbike here, honey?
man, I know you're a teacher, mm
Well that's a very, very noble profession.
Beat it.
My
wife teaches as well, yeah, and I disappeared from the house when she is uh yeah,
actually needs a bit of peace and quiet and I can completely imagine.
we did the same thing, we did the
same thing, we sort of opposite ends of the apartment, so so anything specific, your teacher is more general?
Yeah, that's true, and it's super handy and it can be fun, should be fun.
that's it, I can remember how I was very much, I was very silly I think. Okay.
Or
What's Hillary around? Those are super good in college, that sort of got bored and sort of lost a way of study and sort of dropped out of everything, dropped out of university and then and then I started working And then at 30 I wanted to agree, so I started going back to school and II did my masters when I was 33, so maybe it would have worked better if I was a bit smarter when I was younger, but it was really hard when you're working and you're studying, so.
it would have been so much easier if I just don't done everything I had to do when I was 18 or 19, I think it was just lazy.
Absolutely.
that's
very
true.
Same thing figure
I remember
doing an evening classes uh
five or 6 years ago and people were just sneaking out to smoke joints and I was like, I'm working all day, this is this, this should be fun if you don't like studying, what do you want to do here? And this was a class, like everybody was 30 or 35 and uh everybody already had a degree and we were just doing, I think it was a motorcycle mechanics, we wanted to be motorcycle mechanics at 30 and it was Bunch of people 30, and people just went outside. I mean, I paid a lot of money for this and I really want to do this, why should you do that? And they go outside and do something else? I mean it was really weird and at that point I felt really adult as if it were a swear word, your
your fronting.
Yeah. It's like my grandpa youth is wasted on the
Yeah. Yeah. He was a wise man. Yes.
No,
no, absolutely, no. That was just that I'm actually a software engineer. I do websites and apps and I'm I'm studying to be a a machine learning developer. Now that's like statistical programming. Where you want to try to predict things, they give you a set of data like like membership data and age and location data and you have to sort of find patterns and then predict stuff which is still very confusing. But it'll get better I hope.
yeah,
it's going to be a data based world. Absolutely.
But then again at the same time, I still I hope this world will still be be human because we're not all were not just figures.
We are
not just the combination of that that we are, we are very complex beings. So yeah, we'll see how that goes.
Very true.
Yes, you're right.
You're right.
Because completely be able to just say, I think I actually had the same thought just a year ago when when my uh last grandparent died and both of them, he and his wife, they went to a Second World War. And I remember telling him once, well I have never been through something in my life. That's what you've been to the Second World War. And he said, well buddy, I hope you never have to because there were four long years and uh and maybe in your country, I'm from Belgium and I'm not I'm not for me to say, but maybe your country had family or friends or relatives who went to Vietnam or Korea. But I can I can just imagine, well war is going to imagine it. And
And I think it is, we are, we are a big in europe, we are a big part of the european union. But we have a big history reports with the french against the Germans and the german spanish and the Princeton spanish. And, and I said the european union and Beginning and middle in mid 20th century, a sort of, well, when we built the european union, that was sort of the end of these, these wars amongst these countries and uh well, we had a bit of spouts in 92 of Sarajevo and the checks, but that was just sort of the end of the war for us. And I hope with Brexit that could still remain valid
because I hope it doesn't go to shit shit.
that's
very
true. Very
true,
I've never
told me like that.
Absolutely
and lying about it and manipulating the national mindset to think that is actually a good thing to be, not european I met and blatant lies bloody hell. I mean I remember seeing an ad that being in the european union cost uh cost great Britain, £360 million that must have been $400 million a week just in Social Security which was a blatant lie and it was smeared all over the newspapers and they had they they painted it on bosses that drove through all of Britain, I mean how can how can people get away with these lives? I mean oh I think that's, that may work in every country, my country, my country is not immune to that either sir.
interesting.
Great.
Thank
different,
my country was the patterns of all the time. We were, we had waterloo, we were like the country in between holland and France and Germany and Britain and when they had a fight they came to us to fight it out so that's that's why they created Belgium who have a sort of a buffer zone
and uh
it's weird and complex but I like, yeah
and the
okay, yeah, I like jeremy, I like it a lot, it's uh it's a well thought of country, it's very efficient. Hello german engineering, I used to have a german car and german motorcycles so I love that and uh well the Germans are great, the Germans are great organizers and they are very very very friendly people and it's a beautiful country, I love, I love driving through it. It's brilliant. And the thing is when you live in Belgium, if you drive for an hour in the same direction, you're in another country. So it's like living in a small state in Usa, I live in a small fate. I would say. It's not like, well, some Delaware, but it's, it's uh, it's a bit bigger.
London is a two hour train right from just leaving the door and paris is a two hour train right as well. But in your direction and then answer, Damn is an hour and a half driving up north. So we're really in the middle. It's fun.
Beautiful
country.
Yeah, that's, it's uh, touchy subject. I think that, uh, If I recall correctly, then Germany annexed Austria in 1938. Which, uh, real times.
correct.
Very
true.
My grandfather, also, smart wise one used to say that a war is again when everybody loses. Yeah, you can he was he had a rough time. He was taken uh prisoner. I spent two years in Poland with with a lot of countrymen and very few food. And when he came back, everything was lost. People, other people have taken his house. So I had just started over again. Weird terms. I just cannot imagine this mean uh we are, I feel really uh spoiled is the word. Yeah. And and I sometimes catch myself thinking of um my brother's Children and I think that they are spoiled because we did not have this and this and this and this is only a young man, we will be a little bit rougher. But then again, when I reflect on my parents or my grandparents all didn't have me, you don't need an ipad, but food is great, having food everyday is great. Yeah, so
Mhm.
brilliant.
Yeah. Oh, of course. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah, I remember reading what I read the text in in high school and it was like the romans and there was just one text we had to translate and then it went something like this fall When I, when I see the the young people that was written by a guy who must have been 40 or 50 when I see the young people, we're all going down the drain. This civilization cannot longer last with this kind of youth, this is the worst kind of youth has ever existed. I remember that And then that was 2000 years ago. So even that narrative is a eternal, I'm afraid.
of
course.
Yeah, maybe. Oh man, I have had such trouble with my dad. Oh yes, and they were very good now, but when I wasn't at all the lessons when I was, when I was a kid, it was hard, must have been really hard on him, but uh it's all good now.
man.
I feel a lot, a lot more confident and then just take it in stride and oh man, I wish I had the confidence of a 40 year old when I was 20. Oh man, that would have been so much easier, I would have slept so much better, jesus.
but yes, very correct
and
absolutely, I mean uh my My job is like 10% when I'm programming. When I'm building a software program, I'm Programming is like 10% of the job, and 90% of the job is correcting the errors I just made while doing the program and
finding those It's called debugging. You probably know, you probably know what debugging is, so you write 100 lines of code and then you test it and then you start debugging it and then corrected all the errors you mean? And that's 90% of it. So and that's all the time. You get better a bit and then you get no problems. So that doesn't change. It's exactly the same thing. And
then then you don't learn from your success, as you learn from your mistakes, right? Yeah.
Yeah. And it's a it's a mindset, I don't always like it and it's like when you resolve something, well your reward is you can go to the next error and then that goes on for a while. So. Well the instant rewarding. Uh one other thing I really like to do is cooking, preparing food and you're rewarded about one hour after you start, which is good, which is so completely different from my job, that's a lot of fun. I mean the the instant reward is a very nice.
I can hear
it sizzling now.
Yeah.
Yeah I can imagine.
Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Yes. Yeah that's what I just said. Well why couldn't I have studied just a little bit more when I was 18 that would have made my life I was 30 or 34 so much easier. But then again will I guess we we have to gather the wisdom not that just gave.
The
contemplates absolutely I think so. Uh
Absolutely.
Yes. Then you're no kids but the wife is something very very valuable. I think she's sort of getting to know my wife was was like a true fork in life and it's not like like well from now on you can tell me what to do and I just tag along. But it's like maybe maybe a really strong man. So that was uh that was really great.
This
has been
an exchange of very clear statements.
All right. All
All right. Well all right, nice
talking
to you by now.
Well who knows I might make it to Milwaukee.