Hello. How you doing? I'm
alright. I'm alright.
So I guess
so. I guess we're supposed to have a conversation
for 25
minutes so God
knows what
Um So I guess uh I mean actually where are you from?
Brooklyn,
new york. Yeah.
Okay. Have you been here? I'd assume you've been here a couple times.
Everything.
Yeah. I don't blame you. Everybody
every other 49 states like New York We're good on that right now.
Quiet.
Yeah.
No.
No.
it's
funny I was just saying like maybe yesterday or two days ago everybody loves the bright lights but that's just like one small part of new york is so much more to it. Um Just come into my part of new york city you realize like there's the good and there's bad and
it's like you gotta you gotta navigate through it, you gotta know where to go where to be so I can, I can get, it's like, you know hard eyes for her when she sees the bright lights and all these other different things.
Thank
you.
What?
No.
Nuclear
What
Brooklyn bridge maybe?
Yeah, it's
deal.
That's
good.
I mean, I kind of understand because even me, I was actually supposed to come to texas last month and that got canceled. Um I usually go to these things called conventions and uh last month they were supposed to, I've been going to them for years now and my friends, they realized that and it was like, hey, there's just one going all the way down in texas. Do you want to go try it? And I was like, you know, I've never been to texas, it's on a bucket list. You know, it's a bucket list place I want to go so I definitely booked at all. But unfortunately you know with all these COVID-19 and Corona business going on I came I had to cancel all of that that and like
uh jeez I can't remember the exact
spot.
I know it wasn't Houston but I know it wasn't the exact spot. Remember
the spot?
What was that?
No it wasn't one of them, it wasn't one of the major ones, it was like one of the lesser known ones but I think it was somewhere close to one of those. Can't remember all the time. I had my right now. But yeah it was one of the more lesser known areas of texas. Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay. That's a good information to know.
that's what we need.
I mean it's a funny answer to that question. Um I'm still enrolled in college. Yes, but I'm not in classes but have an associates degree and I want to go further to get a bachelor's, maybe even the masters. I'm I've never been, you know, I never really enjoyed going to school to be honest. But that has been in the back of my mind to get one in business. But in terms of work it's split between freelancing, just doing whatever I can to make whatever extra money on the side and running a
record label business between me and about, I'd
say
maybe eight other guys and we're kind of like a joint venture with another studio that
also has their own label. So it's like kind of like coming together as one collective and just making
music, pushing music out through that way, throwing events and things like that. So as you can see, I'm kind of in the music art field overall.
Okay. The area was, I don't know if I'm pronouncing it. Right, Waco or wacko,
Waco. Yeah.
Okay. All right. I'm getting a rough idea in the back of my, I know texas, a very big place. Okay.
Look.
Me.
parking.
But
I think uh
It's funny that just as soon as I typed it in a Google, it said, Wait, as soon as I think Waco cult, next thing that popped up was tragedy and siege and all these different things. So yeah, says February 28, uh
April 19, So yeah, that was about actually a year before I was born.
All
Hello?
I
completely understand where you're coming from. I feel like my parents, you
know
the way they kind of raised me was just to really be a leader. So just use your own two eyes, don't use another person's point of view or you know, whatever someone tells, you don't just fly off the handle and run off with it or just listen to it and follow um you got to be able to think critically, be able to receive
information but assess the information. You know,
I completely agree with that because even to this day, you know, I will see a news article and I will just dissect it instead of just sharing it on facebook or just believing
the headline article, you know, I hope to dig deep into whatever I see whatever I'm told whatever I hear Because half the time it comes, maybe 20, truth and 80% of a lie, you know? So I get where you're coming from.
Let
me,
she just told the news article about a day or two ago or today. As a matter of fact. Yeah.
What?
But
And yeah.
All
treatment
nothing.
Check.
I'm
not
Including yours. Yeah.
No.
Well. Okay.
What?
chris.
There
on their entire life at that. Yeah. Mhm.
Why?
What do you
make?
it's
I'm
No.
And yeah.
Thank
you.
What?
thank you. Yeah.
script
Great.
Perfect.
Now that's very sad honestly. Oh my gosh.
Quickly.
What?
That's that's the sad part. Most people they don't research when they see things online. They take it for face value and run with it. That's the problem. And even going further like me, I used to be very big into conspiracy theories myself. I've been able to understand even back when I was heavy on it because even to this day I'm still a little bit into it, but not as much with the, you know the new rise of these loons who when they, you know, saying things like that like infrared rays from my brain. It's like no, there are things that are out of the news that are true and things that are not true. Like um The whole thing with Jeffrey Epstein and all of that, this whole pedophile business chosen all that. I knew about that from like 2016, And I used to tell you about that all the time. Nobody believed me at all. Then. Now, what was it earlier this year, he's locked up for Leila, He's locked up suicide and all this other business. Now people, he was close to her getting arrested and it's just like, well I've been saying, you know, Children are being are being trafficked, you know, But now things like, you know, infrared
rays a frying my brain, man, you can easily
go online and look that up. You know, it's not that hard anytime
I see something, you know, some type of uh
conspiracy theories saying some nonsense
or even if I might believe it, I still take the time out to go on research and dig deep because everything you got to take away degree and assault. It's not saying things just don't make any sense. Period. Yeah.
Potato fashion.
Trip.
No.
Woman.
Great.
Thank you.
honest.
No.
on.
Airport.
No.
Come
on.
Come
on.
No.
It's
month.
And even though, you know, you're so right about that. But even me too, I have a good amount of my notifications off because I feel like in this day and age right now there's so many things to distract you, So many things to boost your mood, So many things that you know, when you receive that information, it just makes you want to do something or react to it and it's like you got your own things are going on and doing life and I can't have my phone just made me stop and flock to it. You know, just stop and check and see what what I'm missing. It's like over time I started to realize like I'm starting my life is still going on without me seeing all of this stuff, you know, it's still moving forward. You know, I may be a little bit less informed than the next guy, but I'm not lesson for him to continue my own life. That's that's the bottom line to it all. And I had to just one day say to myself my pieces, my personal pieces so much more important and the chaos going on in the world going on, my friend's going on, my family going on with everything that has nothing to do with me to individuals and over time, you know it doesn't tie into my life if it doesn't benefit in my life in some way of shape that notification is off, I don't have the time or anymore, it's just a hassle and I was distracting um if it doesn't benefit I don't need it, that's just how I look at it. It's
I
It
I know
privacy privacy is an important thing and it's just like these phones as much as much security as they have on them. He kind of did do remove a layer of privacy, you know, in their own special way. So I get where you're coming from completely. Yeah,
I
mean,
Come.
What
I
same.
Likewise, You enjoy your daddy ever
saved one. Mhm.
Uh, definitely will do that. Thank you.
You