Uh huh. Thanks. Yeah that's true.
I'm doing fine, how are you?
Very
good.
Do it.
Absolutely
body
God knows what, there were no parameters. I'm
from Houston texas.
How about yourself?
I actually love new york. Yeah
I've been there twice. Um was supposed to be coming back this coming um fall but obviously that's canceled now, Not
causing 20 right near
what?
No I actually was
looking forward to coming. Um They're my granddaughter was going to be doing um Fashion week there um and
wanting to go but obviously that's cancelled so two and she was looking forward to it because she was there this past september and she did Fashion week and when she got to see the statue of liberty and the
Empire State building and a couple other building, she was just fascinated by them. And so she was like I have to go back to new york and when
she was getting the opportunity to come back she that's all she talked about and actually I think we want to live in new york now, we're like you're just seven, so you can't make
that decision.
Today.
Yeah. Well my daughter got to take him down to and I don't know what part of new york it is, but I want to say where soho is the soho area and you got to see down in that part
of new
york and she got to see
another area. I don't
know exactly what part of new york it is, but some point where they went across they walk across the bridge from from down
that from down downtown, they walked across a bridge into another
area.
I don't know
like I said
I wish I
would have
been able to be with him last year but I couldn't make that trip.
What part of texas, where you coming from?
The
fact
Austin
maybe
Austin?
Okay. Because
I know a lot of people come to go to Austin because of its keep it weird teams because and it gets weird around Austin.
Yeah, they have lots of different conventions and stuff that go on and uh you can find some interesting things in that area if you if you're into whatever, you can find it in Austin. Yeah.
So what line of work are you in, Are you in school or both?
That's it.
This
is,
Job.
You
interesting. That's something my entire family has done since I was a little girl and now many members of my family are still into the music industry. Yeah, but Austin area you'll find a lot of people in in that and here in Houston as well. That industry is very hot in texas to say police
Waco.
that's why um let's see that is approximately 2.5 hours maybe from here.
Yeah it's um north north um
kind of northwest of Houston. Er Yeah. Um I don't not david koresh um. Uh huh. What? Yeah. What is it? Okay my daughter's screaming something at me. Um There's was one of those um
we've It was a big story a few, not a few years ago but maybe about 20 years ago they had one of those um what um cults that up there where the C. F. B. I went in and raided. It was
david parrish maybe if you would have heard of it. Mhm. And
they
killed quite a few of the cult people up there. It burned. So if you ever look into a cult that was up there, that was in Waco.
Also.
Okay. Yeah it was a big thing um it was a siege And like it lasted about 4050 days and a lot of Children lost their lives up there. It it was it was tragic because I remember when it happened um
my younger my younger child was even born and I'm the older one was Maybe nine years old
at that time and I just remember one to hug her because of all the young lives that were lost at that time and work to When they had the anniversary of it because it was coming in somewhere around that 9-11 times grain. It's kind of like an anniversary of it. Don't speak just to think about it. It was so tragic and just to think that somebody had that much mind control over other people. Mhm. Which is actually yeah you keep shit issue. No dear. Mhm. And I always hope and pray that my Children never allow any one person, two have that much control and tell them what to do, who to talk to, that they could have enough common sense to be able to understand and food for themselves what truth is and not allow somebody to just God them blindly even for the government doesn't want the government to be able to control what they do and say to that much extent where they can't think what's true and what's
not you know
taking
minutes.
Warning.
Well
we've.
This just even goes into like here
in texas our
governor has issued the everyone must wear face coverings now.
it is issued as of today and um you have people who are fighting it and they're trying to um um countersuit saying it's not right that he's infringing on their leak their bill of rights. And of course
you have people who are just blindly following it and I'm like, yes, we all have our rights that are guaranteed us. But this is not a constitutional right, that's
being taken away from you. You're following what you hear one person saying, this is a matter of what your health wiping out. The government isn't stepping on your freedom by saying you should wear a face mask in protecting you. Because
think about all the
people
who walking around
without faith coverage, they sneeze. They started yelling how much Germans are being passed around to you. Yeah, if you're covered, you can go out there and protest, I don't want to wear a face mask, but now you're not getting these germs passed on, then you go back into your home with your family
work. Those
germs aren't
being passed back onto them. Think about it. So what freedoms are you protecting your family from? Why you covering up even though yes, you're protesting you don't want to wear that. Just do the math of who you're protecting overall. Even though you may not want to wear your face covering. I mean he how many lives are you protected in the long run?
But they just want to say, oh you taking away
my rights. Know your rights are being taken away.
The government is saying do something to protect yourself to protect your family because this virus is here and it's going to be here in the
foreseeable future. What? Okay
you don't want to wear the mess. But what about all of these people, especially the young Children who don't even have that option? What if you do have Children at home? What about your grandparents? Who on even going out socially? Oh what about their rights you're infringing
now on their rights?
So but
they just hear one person's side and they were like yes I believe that. But I
was
even and I went to work last week and this lady came in and she says oh I don't want you all to take my temperature with the infrared scanner. And we're like why don't you want your typically taken with what mama took that way? She says oh I saw on the internet that by using
that kind of
thermometer that you're spying our brain. Yeah. All I could do was turn around, drove back out the door, sit in my car and think about what she said now this is a professional woman who has a master's degree and she
teaches other Children, she teaches. But she read on the internet, thermal scanners fries your brain and she would not let those nerds, hey car temperature.
The nurse had to go and get a regular thermometer, rinse it off, Stick it under her
tongue, wait two minutes to get a temperature.
She says you know this isn't accurate because now I'm not getting a core
temperature. She says this scanner gets a core temperature
and it's accurate. She says there's nothing in here that can fry.
And she literally had to go through and describe the whole process Which took her about 15 minutes to
do that and she had to deep Brunk everything
that this lady had read on the Internet.
It's like what we read on the internet
When hm how many times do you have to read something on the internet to come up with the fact that it's not true. At least 50% of the time.
When did you go back and do your research about what you read on the internet?
washing
but
useful.
This is
well.
None whatsoever. Yeah. This
is our society today. You know, technology is wonderful. It really is. And I'm thankful that we do have the use of the internet. The use of computers are cell
phones and stuff because it has made life easier Compared to when I was growing up and when my older daughter 1st came
into technology. But as much as it's made life easier, it has also made it much more difficult because of all that's
out on the web. And the way I don't want to say rumors, but the way lies spread like all fire because once somebody put something out there it can be out there for just one minute and somebody posted and it's shared Within 10 minutes. It's all over the world. And that postman could be up for just a split second and taken down. But
it's been seen. Bye
Everyone basically. And if you're somebody say they haven't seen it, you just want to not be connected by any means because
everything
just spreads exponentially
and it's just, it's a set testimony to our society that we can post something and it's there
for ever
basically because that's the way we are now. And I had to turn off notifications on my phone because when I go to work I used to get dings constantly. Every time I turn around my phone was going on under the or somebody
was
texting me. Oh did you say such and such happened. Are the
news
postings are coming up and when I turned it off on my phone and
the tablet was going off or the computers were going to finally just had to turn off the notifications. Once I turned off the notifications then all of a sudden at the end of the day when I would check my phone then all the notifications coming up and it was like oh that all of this actually happened within the eight hours ahead. My notifications turned off and it was like I missed sometimes major events and um you know I kind of have to go back and wonder how did we make it not you know, without all this technology because it was literally not
until you got
home and the five o'clock news was on that you would hear about oh the U. S. Bombed Iraq or this plane crashed or whatever happened. You are the I waited until the 5:00 News came on or you got up in the 5:30 News was on the next morning. You didn't have all of this constant bombardment of what's going on in the world.
And it truly
is distracting because my students had gotten to the point where they were like, can you turn your phone off or can you put your phone up? Because as soon as it were Dean, they were like what happened? I was like nothing. And they and they even knew which notifications
were what they're like oh that's your facebook, oh that's your instagram. Oh that's your news one. Oh that's your whatever they knew the different
dings on the phone as to which ones they were, that's how much my phone was going off. They're like oh you're gonna get that. oh that's that's your text message, oh that's your daughter. They knew which quote was um uh notifications were my daughters because I had each daughter had their own tone on my phone. So they knew which tone which for my younger daughter which told for my older daughter, they knew everything about my father. So I was like you know what, y'all know too much information about my phone even. So it's like okay, time out, everything goes off, put my phones up, turned everything off because it was ridiculous.
I love it for the point that and like I used to tell especially my older daughter
because
for her the phone is her lifeline, she can't live without
it. And I used to tell her, I said the purpose of the phone wasn't to connect with people because you connect with people socially when you get together with them. The purpose of having the phone was for emergencies so that you're not stuck out here. And I'm sorry to say it. But when I first moved to Houston, Houston wasn't socially um connected as it is now. So when I first gave her her phone when she was in middle school, I told her she needed to have a phone with her at all times so that if she needed to contact what their disconnecting us. But I told her if you needed to contact me she needed to be able to contact me whenever and that was the purpose of a phone. But it looks like we're being disconnected.
So it
was nice talking with
you
me
Youtube. They couldn't protect it when you're out. Mask up.
Thank you. Never got
one.