SPEAKER_L: Oh mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Mhm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Without Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. What? Mhm. Uh Yeah. Mhm. Oh okay mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah bobby. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. And that's yeah. Yeah. Yes. I don't know. Oh. Oh. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah mm. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. No, no problem. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Yeah, can you hear me? Okay?
SPEAKER_L: Can meet myself.
SPEAKER_R: I can't hear you.
SPEAKER_L: Give Me 1 2nd.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder if you're on mute if you can't hear me? You can hear me okay. Mm and I can't
SPEAKER_L: Give Me 1 2nd. Let me see if there's something on my side.
SPEAKER_R: you're good. I can hear you now.
SPEAKER_L: Excellent.
SPEAKER_R: You've got quite the collection in your background. It's a great
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: zoom back.
SPEAKER_L: you. Yeah, it's uh it's what happens when you're stuck in quarantine and can't go out for coffee with your free money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh because they're have you done one of these before? Um for relate to?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've done one of them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did want to as well once it uh seems like really interesting research. Um I'd love to like see uh the report or study if if they end up writing something um you know, based on all these videos.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you with uh do you do a lot of surveys? For prolific?
SPEAKER_R: I do them occasionally. Yeah, I am probably do like, you know, five a month or so. Maybe like once a week or so. Um The nice thing about this one is that the like the Bang for your buck is so much better than 30 cents or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm stuck at my computer all day long so I kind of have it up in another window, Try to get them whenever I can.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's definitely good for like beer money. Um the kind of things that uh you know, you made it might be kind of a splurge, but I feel like if I'm, you know, kind of paying for it outside of the usual budget.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's what we've done. My wife and I, we use it as our like allowance kind of thing. So any money that you get, you can spend it however you want.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's fun. Where where do you live?
SPEAKER_L: Uh in Oregon.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. My last person was was in Oregon. I was actually, I was in Oregon this weekend. Um I was up in a new port on the coast, um my boyfriend and I went up there and just like went to the beach. Um It was it was very easy to socially distance fortunately because it's like all of the packed beaches in florida as I'm sure, you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, has gotten a little sparse, but people are starting to kind of escape out now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's um it seems like it's much better to encourage people to like go outdoors instead of like having a house party, which is much more dangerous.
SPEAKER_L: Sure. Sorry, you down in California then?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm in California,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks, whereabouts?
SPEAKER_R: uh the bay area. Um so just outside of san Francisco in a suburb.
SPEAKER_L: Very cool. I grew up just south of there in a small town called santa Maria.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I'm from santa Barbara originally, so I know santa Maria. Well
SPEAKER_L: No, it's very cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what part of Oregon are you in now?
SPEAKER_L: Albany. So you're, you went too far from us over in Newport?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've done that drive a few times
SPEAKER_L: That's really cool. So I brought you up to Oregon. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: just like a weekend trip for the weekend. Um My boyfriend is um up in Washington state, so it was sort of a like equidistant drive for both both of us.
SPEAKER_L: that's really cool. That's a good way to do it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um So how long have you been up in Oregon for?
SPEAKER_L: Um since 2009, so 11 years now,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, how do you like it up there?
SPEAKER_L: like it sometimes the valley is a little rough to get a bunch of allergies and stuff with all the grass seed, but other than that it's always really pretty temperate for um for the weather and I like all the blue collar kind of agriculture because that's kind of what santa Maria was. So it's kinda familiar and quiet.
SPEAKER_R: it does feel that way. Yeah, I'm actually in the process of moving up to uh to Washington state will probably be up there sometime in september, so I um I am excited to get to know the pacific northwest better.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's kind of cool. There's a lot of uh there's a lot of places to visit because there's so many different cool spectacles everywhere, different trails and waterfalls and everything, so that's been a lot of fun
SPEAKER_R: it's amazing. Just like the greenery
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: um in the pacific Northwest you don't see quite the same thing, it's like a rain forest.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's what it was so weird to me, it was the first spring we're here is just like I had no idea there was so much green, there was just everything was just growing all wild. And then we after a year of living up here we went back down to san Diego, where my wife and I met and everything was brown and dead and it was just like oh yeah I remember this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's cool how it seems like everyone in the pacific Northwest or like a large percentage of the population really likes the outdoors and hiking and nature um seems like a really like active, active community.
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's been good uh and decent people. That was one of the things that drew us up here too was we came up and visited, my wife was from here, so he came up and visited but all the people I met were really kind of quiet and um just down to earth people so like that kind of helped too but now there's a bunch of us Californians up here so now it's all gone crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My girlfriend always says like don't tell anyone about the pacific Northwest because all come up their true, it's definitely like kind of a hidden gem. I I haven't I haven't spent much time up up there at all, even growing up in in and santa barbara, like it's it's just I think it's really easy tradition not know about that part of the country unless you have like, you know a connection and someone who lives there or like go there for work. Um you know, I had been in most parts of the country for various reasons. I haven't made it up there.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I was saying for me so I had no idea, I just thought it rained 24/7 up here but that rain, it's not too bad actually actually kind of miss it when the clouds aren't around.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I also, yeah, I think like just as some people don't like rain and other people don't like it being too hot, like I don't get sunburned easily and like, yeah, it wasn't fair to be too hot. It's definitely a matter of preference I think.
SPEAKER_L: but we also noticed when we moved up was uh it was you get to look forward to the seasons as they come, so you get the different produce locally. But you also get the, as as soon as you're getting tired of all the gloom and rain and everything, then the sun comes back out and as soon as you're done with all the heat then here comes the clouds against us, it's kind of nice okay.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Does it, does it snow there or do you ever do you never get snow and?
SPEAKER_L: we get it every couple of years and uh that was a funny part when we first moved up here, every year it snowed And then like after like the fourth or fifth year it was like two ft of snow instead of just like maybe an inch or two here and there. And
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it, it's just like one time or two times in this season?
SPEAKER_L: pretty much we've had a couple of rough winters where it was like schools closed and everything else and it was really icy and you get a lot of freezing rain up here to which I didn't know what that was when we moved up, but for the most part is fairly mild, usually just enough snow to kind of enjoy, then it disappears.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. He uh one of the things I like best book pacific Northwest, it's just a fog and the mist. Um The you get there's definitely some of that in santa barbara too. So I think people are like home.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and all the openness. So what do you do for work?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a journalist. So I write I've been writing about a lot about the pandemic
SPEAKER_L: So?
SPEAKER_R: which um yeah, it's definitely a time like it's it's definitely really important to be uh be doing, but also a lot of sad and bad news unfortunately. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I do I. T. For our school district up here. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Um you cut out just for a second that you said you do uh what was it again,
SPEAKER_L: I do I. T. For our school district
SPEAKER_R: Falco?
SPEAKER_L: before that I was doing I. T. For our local newspaper, so I have a little bit of journalism in that background.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. What what was the local newspaper nominee?
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's called the democrat Harold, but
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it was the parent company was the Enterprises which is everywhere. And and then um they they owned here in Corvallis and another little town called Lebanon. So all three of them were kind of under the main like democrat Harold area for here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And is the school district you, where are they going to be able to go back to school or are they doing virtual
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: this september?
SPEAKER_L: That's the interesting part. Uh They're they're pushing to go back to school, but the governor just came out last week and said if you don't meet these criteria then you need to go distance. And technically our area doesn't meet those, but our district hasn't come out and said that yet. So I think they're scrambling to figure out what the what do next and that's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: of been what it's been like since March every day is just something new.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't have kids but I just can't imagine how challenging that must be for her parents to like not have a plan or like especially for younger kids that need a lot of attention like to try to be working and um you know, entertaining your kids all night. It sounds really challenging.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it has been, we have two little ones, they're going into 3rd and 4th grade, and when this hit it was it was different, it was definitely different, but we managed pretty well and there's a lot of good things and a lot of blessings that came out of it too, so it wasn't all that bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How do
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: your kids feel about the like virtual virtual learning? Has that gone okay for them?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, our oldest, she took she took to it really well and within a few weeks she was like uh excelling and getting all of her work done within a couple hours, but our youngest, his teacher was a lot more uh, okay. She was, she was rough, she was tough, so he would, it wasn't unheard of him for to be like for six hours a day kind of thing of doing work and listening to videos and stuff. So that plays a big part of it is how the school does it, and how the teachers do it. But um, overall, I think they did pretty well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I have my sister's Children. Uh they're both in middle school and high school. And one thing I've been hearing from them is that the with the virtual model, they just have so much more free time because it just doesn't take the whole school day to do all the work virtually. Um it seems like, you know, they would love to spend that time playing with their friends, but they're hanging out with their friends, but it's uh tough with these times.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we, we ran into a lot of that too, and, and they have that withdrawal to being around all of their friends. So, uh, we did a lot of Minecraft and things like that, where they could still interact with people, enjoy that time, kind of at least socializing a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm sure especially at that age like your friends are just so important and I could see that being really hard to, you know, have to suddenly be all virtual and not be able to hang out in person.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's definitely weird. Yeah. So you're writing a lot for uh about the coronavirus and everything, Are you are you looking into like the social act aspects of it, or is it more into like scientific?
SPEAKER_R: more on the science side. I've been a kind of health journalists even before. So, um the real changes that before. None of my friends and family knew anything about what I wrote about or really cared too much about, you know, development of new medicines now. They're like texting me all the time with. I've never seen anything like it. I mean, it just, you know, I cover kind of a niche area, right? Like pharmaceuticals and drugs and medicines and it's usually the kind of people that are interested are investors or doctors or scientists, but everyone cares about this. Like, it's like the big story um because it impacts of hurricanes lives so much. You know, there's no way everything you do is affected by this.
SPEAKER_L: And who do you, who do you write for?
SPEAKER_R: I write for a publication um called stop. So it covers like medicine um with health. So it's it's a kind of national publication.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh, cool. Has there been anything that's been surprising to you through all of this?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's a good question. I think like one of the things that's been um I think kind of discouraging is that like, you know, experts keep warning that like reopening too soon would have this result. And like it's just, you know, it's the kind of thing that you would hope we like to hear the warnings and not repeat the mistake or or kind of walk right into doom. Um And so, you know, I think I think he like I think that's probably the main thing that has just been disappointing to see the um Sorry? Only notifications. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's been disappointing. Um Just just see people not listen to experts and do take steps like, you know, opening indoor bars and indoor restaurants when like we knew that was going to happen like that. That is sort of the however it was obvious what would happen and then it happened. How about how about you? Has anything been surprising?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's been a lot of it. Uh we haven't had a whole lot of exposure up here, so even even me, I I started waning halfway through it and be like, you know, it's not up here, we should just go out to a restaurant or do something. But my father in law just went through chemo, so his immune system is really weekend. And I right before all of
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: this, right, february, I found out I had some kind of weird heart condition, so I didn't want to risk getting that and, you know, because it's going to tax my heart too much. So it was we've played a really conservative and even at that point it was kind of like, yeah, we probably shouldn't because we never know when it's going to show up here and we don't want to be, you know, we don't want to eat, go eat a cheeseburger or something and then find out that we have Covid, like that's not a good pay off kind of
SPEAKER_R: Group.
SPEAKER_L: thing. So we've stayed really conservative about it. But a lot of our friends and uh people we know around here just they're they're back to normal. They're they're tired of everything and they're just doing whatever they want. That's kind of hard to see, I think for us because we have to
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: still play it really safe.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I can imagine. Yeah. I don't think I don't think I would be comfortable with a restaurant yet. I've been take out but just like you know you go up to the to the cash register and grab your, grab your bag. But I haven't done a restaurant yet. The pandemic, it just
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: seems like I mean indoor is worse than outdoor but even outdoor just seemed risky.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we've
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: also turned that into a fun game. We've we've done uh like last night we did our own mexican restaurant.
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: have we have the in laws over then we do everything whatever you want, like a burrito taco, whatever will go make it then do it and it's all homemade stuff, so it was kind of fun like that.
SPEAKER_R: Book sounds like a lot of fun. Yeah. I haven't seen my family since the grandparents since the pandemic and I do want to see them but I'm worried about you know just the kind of say this way to do it. I think I might uh I might do something where I just like hang out with them outside so and we're both wearing masks so that you know, there's not too much risk. It just, it just seems like the risk of, you know, if I maybe got it at the grocery store and and um even in asymptomatic, like I would never forgive myself, you know, if they got horribly horribly sick or God forbid even died, you know, it's just not worth it to uh have to take a risk or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: So have you heard any good news from it? Any anything coming down the pike that isn't well known yet?
SPEAKER_R: One other thing that I think I don't have any like insider knowledge, but I mean, I think one thing that is encouraging is that like the vaccine data in some of the treatments that are in development have have looked encouraging. You know? It's it's not um I mean, I think the timeline could be a very bad thing, you know, I think there's a lot to be worried about that. Like maybe a vaccine will be ready and 20, but like how many people will die before then? Um But that's like what we have seen of the data so far. It looks encouraging. Like it it's not there's not reason to think like we are not on the way to developing a vaccine metal work.
SPEAKER_L: So I've heard that Russia has one that they're working on that's looking promising. And then I heard that we had one a couple days back that was in third stage testing. Have you heard about that?
SPEAKER_R: There are several that are in the third stage of testing um which, you know, it's good to be in that stage. It's just it's one thing to have a vaccine that's been shown to be safe and effective,
SPEAKER_L: Hey?
SPEAKER_R: but it's another to manufacturer doses and get them to everyone. Like there's the, you know, even like the flu vaccine which is probably the closest thing, like a tiny fraction of people get vaccinated. You know, it's not a it's not the like level that you would need. Um So hopefully, you know, it's it's um I think there's reason to be hopeful, but also to be like worried about how long it'll take.
SPEAKER_L: True. Yeah, that's kind of what I'm hearing too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um So have you and in your family um have you just been seeing like your in laws or have you been able to do any kind of outdoor or safe activities with friends?
SPEAKER_L: Um That's that's largely been, it's just the in laws and we went and got a beach house the other weekend. So it was just all of us and then uh my wife, her parents and our kids went out to like crater Lake. So we're still getting out just doing it really cautiously and trying to keep it just us and in some kind of environment where they're outdoors or you know, doing something other than that, everything's virtual, have some good friends with work that we chat throughout the day and some friends still down in SAn Diego that we chat here and there. But I'm also.
SPEAKER_R: Just the zoom has taken off, just like we're virtualized.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I'm kind of that type of personality though so I can I can handle being alone for a little while and then being around people to kind of that middle of the road kind of.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I've definitely found that it's good to like it's it's been great to be able to keep in touch and so in some ways I've almost had friends who I haven't talked to in a long time reach out and it's such a weird time. So in some ways that even though people have to be farther apart, you know, you can see them in person. I think like it can be really good for friendships.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think so too. The guys I grew up with, we all stay in contact and we're able to find one of our other friends who kind of separated at high school. And so stuff like that has been really need to be able to kind of reconnect with people that you haven't seen for a while because a people don't have as much to do and like you said like zoom is just kind of taken off for google meet or whatever you use is you're able to interact better, everybody's needing this technology, so everybody has it in front of them now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. Um Have uh have you found the like transition to to be working from home? Been okay? We're re previously in an office before, before the pandemic.
SPEAKER_L: Uh the last year before the pandemic, I was at a high school, so it's kind of remote almost already doing
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: away from the rest of the team who was, you know, all of five minutes away. But before that, even when we first moved up here, I was working from home for the first three years. So it was something that I was familiar with and didn't bother me too much when we first moved up here, it was a lot rougher just because I didn't know anybody in the area. So after the three year stint of that, I started to like needing to get out and meet people and find out what the city is about. But um with this it's been a lot easier,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, actually a very similar experience. I I had been working remotely for a few years and it was definitely a transition when I first started working remotely for the first time. Um But I think less so with the handle matters because I had gotten used to it at that point and so it was just, you know, I mean in
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: terms of like my work, there hasn't been really any changes at all other than everyone wanting to do video meetings now instead of a phone call.
SPEAKER_L: sure, yeah, for us, a lot of the guys, everyone, except for me actually is back in the schools trying to get them were spun up ready for the fall, but with my higher risk and I have a bunch of coding background so I can sit in front of the computer and do a bunch of code now, kind of uninterrupted. So it's been kind of a blessing in that way too, and my boss is totally fine with that, so all in all it's it's been pretty easy transition for me, but I know for some of the other guys it was a lot more difficult to be
SPEAKER_R: and I'm
SPEAKER_L: stuck at home or with their families or something like that where you know, they either get bored with not doing enough for getting distracted or any number of different ways.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah, it'll be really interesting to see how much of this is permanent if people end up working from home all the time or companies will let them. Um It's just, you know, it's amazing how much time people waste of their lives sitting in traffic or commuting. Um and you know, even not having to, you know, to to do that, you can get more work done. So I wonder like, you know, how many employers might think that this is actually a good thing for uh for them and for their bottom line.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'd be a lot better if we had that even set up a little bit more and more like uh like Mexico or something where we take a little bit more of a chunk of the middle of the day off and just spend some family time or doing whatever you need to around the house, then come back and be around, so you can be remotely working again for those last few hours in the evening when most people are just sitting in front of the tv. Anyways.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I think the, I think I've always valued and looking for jobs is is, you know, sort of the having goals and your performance measured by what you get done in like projects and output rather than like sitting at a desk for eight hours. Um You can, I think you can be flexible and give people flexibility in their lives um and still like, you know, demand a lot from them, but just doing it on on your own time. I think just such a better lifestyle. And We are at the 425 Mark students. Um, I think we are getting close to being able to wrap up. I think. I think it's 25 minutes. That right,
SPEAKER_L: Uh yeah actually it says uh for at least 25 minutes so we're right about there.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, great. Uh, it was really nice chatting with you, hope you and your family have a nice evening and stay sane and healthy during this
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: whole thing
SPEAKER_L: you. Likewise,
SPEAKER_R: two pair.