Hello? Yeah, can you hear me? Okay?
I can't hear you.
I wonder if you're on mute if you can't hear me? You can hear me okay. Mm and I can't
you're good. I can hear you now.
You've got quite the collection in your background. It's a great
zoom back.
Yeah. Uh because they're have you done one of these before? Um for relate to?
Yeah, I did want to as well once it uh seems like really interesting research. Um I'd love to like see uh the report or study if if they end up writing something um you know, based on all these videos.
I do them occasionally. Yeah, I am probably do like, you know, five a month or so. Maybe like once a week or so. Um The nice thing about this one is that the like the Bang for your buck is so much better than 30 cents or something.
Yeah, it's definitely good for like beer money. Um the kind of things that uh you know, you made it might be kind of a splurge, but I feel like if I'm, you know, kind of paying for it outside of the usual budget.
No, it's fun. Where where do you live?
Okay. My last person was was in Oregon. I was actually, I was in Oregon this weekend. Um I was up in a new port on the coast, um my boyfriend and I went up there and just like went to the beach. Um It was it was very easy to socially distance fortunately because it's like all of the packed beaches in florida as I'm sure, you know.
Yeah, it's um it seems like it's much better to encourage people to like go outdoors instead of like having a house party, which is much more dangerous.
Yeah, I'm in California,
uh the bay area. Um so just outside of san Francisco in a suburb.
Okay, I'm from santa Barbara originally, so I know santa Maria. Well
what part of Oregon are you in now?
Yeah I've done that drive a few times
just like a weekend trip for the weekend. Um My boyfriend is um up in Washington state, so it was sort of a like equidistant drive for both both of us.
Yeah. Um So how long have you been up in Oregon for?
Okay, how do you like it up there?
it does feel that way. Yeah, I'm actually in the process of moving up to uh to Washington state will probably be up there sometime in september, so I um I am excited to get to know the pacific northwest better.
it's amazing. Just like the greenery
um in the pacific Northwest you don't see quite the same thing, it's like a rain forest.
Yeah, it's cool how it seems like everyone in the pacific Northwest or like a large percentage of the population really likes the outdoors and hiking and nature um seems like a really like active, active community.
Yeah. My girlfriend always says like don't tell anyone about the pacific Northwest because all come up their true, it's definitely like kind of a hidden gem. I I haven't I haven't spent much time up up there at all, even growing up in in and santa barbara, like it's it's just I think it's really easy tradition not know about that part of the country unless you have like, you know a connection and someone who lives there or like go there for work. Um you know, I had been in most parts of the country for various reasons. I haven't made it up there.
Yeah. I also, yeah, I think like just as some people don't like rain and other people don't like it being too hot, like I don't get sunburned easily and like, yeah, it wasn't fair to be too hot. It's definitely a matter of preference I think.
exactly. Does it, does it snow there or do you ever do you never get snow and?
And
is
it, it's just like one time or two times in this season?
Yeah. He uh one of the things I like best book pacific Northwest, it's just a fog and the mist. Um The you get there's definitely some of that in santa barbara too. So I think people are like home.
I'm a journalist. So I write I've been writing about a lot about the pandemic
which um yeah, it's definitely a time like it's it's definitely really important to be uh be doing, but also a lot of sad and bad news unfortunately. How about you?
Um you cut out just for a second that you said you do uh what was it again,
Falco?
yeah. What what was the local newspaper nominee?
No.
Yeah. And is the school district you, where are they going to be able to go back to school or are they doing virtual
this september?
I
think
Yeah, I don't have kids but I just can't imagine how challenging that must be for her parents to like not have a plan or like especially for younger kids that need a lot of attention like to try to be working and um you know, entertaining your kids all night. It sounds really challenging.
Yeah. How do
your kids feel about the like virtual virtual learning? Has that gone okay for them?
Yeah. Yeah, I have my sister's Children. Uh they're both in middle school and high school. And one thing I've been hearing from them is that the with the virtual model, they just have so much more free time because it just doesn't take the whole school day to do all the work virtually. Um it seems like, you know, they would love to spend that time playing with their friends, but they're hanging out with their friends, but it's uh tough with these times.
Yeah, I'm sure especially at that age like your friends are just so important and I could see that being really hard to, you know, have to suddenly be all virtual and not be able to hang out in person.
more on the science side. I've been a kind of health journalists even before. So, um the real changes that before. None of my friends and family knew anything about what I wrote about or really cared too much about, you know, development of new medicines now. They're like texting me all the time with. I've never seen anything like it. I mean, it just, you know, I cover kind of a niche area, right? Like pharmaceuticals and drugs and medicines and it's usually the kind of people that are interested are investors or doctors or scientists, but everyone cares about this. Like, it's like the big story um because it impacts of hurricanes lives so much. You know, there's no way everything you do is affected by this.
I write for a publication um called stop. So it covers like medicine um with health. So it's it's a kind of national publication.
Um It's a good question. I think like one of the things that's been um I think kind of discouraging is that like, you know, experts keep warning that like reopening too soon would have this result. And like it's just, you know, it's the kind of thing that you would hope we like to hear the warnings and not repeat the mistake or or kind of walk right into doom. Um And so, you know, I think I think he like I think that's probably the main thing that has just been disappointing to see the um Sorry? Only notifications. Yeah.
I think it's been disappointing. Um Just just see people not listen to experts and do take steps like, you know, opening indoor bars and indoor restaurants when like we knew that was going to happen like that. That is sort of the however it was obvious what would happen and then it happened. How about how about you? Has anything been surprising?
For
Group.
What?
Yeah. I can imagine. Yeah. I don't think I don't think I would be comfortable with a restaurant yet. I've been take out but just like you know you go up to the to the cash register and grab your, grab your bag. But I haven't done a restaurant yet. The pandemic, it just
seems like I mean indoor is worse than outdoor but even outdoor just seemed risky.
But
well
it's
fun.
Book sounds like a lot of fun. Yeah. I haven't seen my family since the grandparents since the pandemic and I do want to see them but I'm worried about you know just the kind of say this way to do it. I think I might uh I might do something where I just like hang out with them outside so and we're both wearing masks so that you know, there's not too much risk. It just, it just seems like the risk of, you know, if I maybe got it at the grocery store and and um even in asymptomatic, like I would never forgive myself, you know, if they got horribly horribly sick or God forbid even died, you know, it's just not worth it to uh have to take a risk or something like that.
One other thing that I think I don't have any like insider knowledge, but I mean, I think one thing that is encouraging is that like the vaccine data in some of the treatments that are in development have have looked encouraging. You know? It's it's not um I mean, I think the timeline could be a very bad thing, you know, I think there's a lot to be worried about that. Like maybe a vaccine will be ready and 20, but like how many people will die before then? Um But that's like what we have seen of the data so far. It looks encouraging. Like it it's not there's not reason to think like we are not on the way to developing a vaccine metal work.
There are several that are in the third stage of testing um which, you know, it's good to be in that stage. It's just it's one thing to have a vaccine that's been shown to be safe and effective,
but it's another to manufacturer doses and get them to everyone. Like there's the, you know, even like the flu vaccine which is probably the closest thing, like a tiny fraction of people get vaccinated. You know, it's not a it's not the like level that you would need. Um So hopefully, you know, it's it's um I think there's reason to be hopeful, but also to be like worried about how long it'll take.
Yeah. Um So have you and in your family um have you just been seeing like your in laws or have you been able to do any kind of outdoor or safe activities with friends?
Just the zoom has taken off, just like we're virtualized.
Yeah. Yeah, I've definitely found that it's good to like it's it's been great to be able to keep in touch and so in some ways I've almost had friends who I haven't talked to in a long time reach out and it's such a weird time. So in some ways that even though people have to be farther apart, you know, you can see them in person. I think like it can be really good for friendships.
Yeah, exactly. Um Have uh have you found the like transition to to be working from home? Been okay? We're re previously in an office before, before the pandemic.
And
yeah, actually a very similar experience. I I had been working remotely for a few years and it was definitely a transition when I first started working remotely for the first time. Um But I think less so with the handle matters because I had gotten used to it at that point and so it was just, you know, I mean in
terms of like my work, there hasn't been really any changes at all other than everyone wanting to do video meetings now instead of a phone call.
and I'm
Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah, it'll be really interesting to see how much of this is permanent if people end up working from home all the time or companies will let them. Um It's just, you know, it's amazing how much time people waste of their lives sitting in traffic or commuting. Um and you know, even not having to, you know, to to do that, you can get more work done. So I wonder like, you know, how many employers might think that this is actually a good thing for uh for them and for their bottom line.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I think the, I think I've always valued and looking for jobs is is, you know, sort of the having goals and your performance measured by what you get done in like projects and output rather than like sitting at a desk for eight hours. Um You can, I think you can be flexible and give people flexibility in their lives um and still like, you know, demand a lot from them, but just doing it on on your own time. I think just such a better lifestyle. And We are at the 425 Mark students. Um, I think we are getting close to being able to wrap up. I think. I think it's 25 minutes. That right,
Okay, great. Uh, it was really nice chatting with you, hope you and your family have a nice evening and stay sane and healthy during this
whole thing
two pair.