Oh mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Mhm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Without Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. What? Mhm. Uh Yeah. Mhm. Oh okay mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah bobby. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. And that's yeah. Yeah. Yes. I don't know. Oh. Oh. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah mm. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. No, no problem. Yeah.
Can meet myself.
Give Me 1 2nd.
Give Me 1 2nd. Let me see if there's something on my side.
Excellent.
Thank
you. Yeah, it's uh it's what happens when you're stuck in quarantine and can't go out for coffee with your free money.
Yeah. I've done one of them.
Yeah. Are you with uh do you do a lot of surveys? For prolific?
Yeah, I'm stuck at my computer all day long so I kind of have it up in another window, Try to get them whenever I can.
Yeah, that's what we've done. My wife and I, we use it as our like allowance kind of thing. So any money that you get, you can spend it however you want.
Uh in Oregon.
Yeah, has gotten a little sparse, but people are starting to kind of escape out now.
Sure. Sorry, you down in California then?
Thanks, whereabouts?
Very cool. I grew up just south of there in a small town called santa Maria.
No, it's very cool. Yeah.
Albany. So you're, you went too far from us over in Newport?
That's really cool. So I brought you up to Oregon. Okay,
that's really cool. That's a good way to do it.
Um since 2009, so 11 years now,
like it sometimes the valley is a little rough to get a bunch of allergies and stuff with all the grass seed, but other than that it's always really pretty temperate for um for the weather and I like all the blue collar kind of agriculture because that's kind of what santa Maria was. So it's kinda familiar and quiet.
Yeah, it's kind of cool. There's a lot of uh there's a lot of places to visit because there's so many different cool spectacles everywhere, different trails and waterfalls and everything, so that's been a lot of fun
and
yeah that's what it was so weird to me, it was the first spring we're here is just like I had no idea there was so much green, there was just everything was just growing all wild. And then we after a year of living up here we went back down to san Diego, where my wife and I met and everything was brown and dead and it was just like oh yeah I remember this.
Uh It's been good uh and decent people. That was one of the things that drew us up here too was we came up and visited, my wife was from here, so he came up and visited but all the people I met were really kind of quiet and um just down to earth people so like that kind of helped too but now there's a bunch of us Californians up here so now it's all gone crazy.
Uh I was saying for me so I had no idea, I just thought it rained 24/7 up here but that rain, it's not too bad actually actually kind of miss it when the clouds aren't around.
but we also noticed when we moved up was uh it was you get to look forward to the seasons as they come, so you get the different produce locally. But you also get the, as as soon as you're getting tired of all the gloom and rain and everything, then the sun comes back out and as soon as you're done with all the heat then here comes the clouds against us, it's kind of nice okay.
we get it every couple of years and uh that was a funny part when we first moved up here, every year it snowed And then like after like the fourth or fifth year it was like two ft of snow instead of just like maybe an inch or two here and there. And
then
I
pretty much we've had a couple of rough winters where it was like schools closed and everything else and it was really icy and you get a lot of freezing rain up here to which I didn't know what that was when we moved up, but for the most part is fairly mild, usually just enough snow to kind of enjoy, then it disappears.
Yeah and all the openness. So what do you do for work?
So?
I do I. T. For our school district up here. Yeah
I do I. T. For our school district
before that I was doing I. T. For our local newspaper, so I have a little bit of journalism in that background.
Uh It's called the democrat Harold, but
it was the parent company was the Enterprises which is everywhere. And and then um they they owned here in Corvallis and another little town called Lebanon. So all three of them were kind of under the main like democrat Harold area for here.
Good.
That's the interesting part. Uh They're they're pushing to go back to school, but the governor just came out last week and said if you don't meet these criteria then you need to go distance. And technically our area doesn't meet those, but our district hasn't come out and said that yet. So I think they're scrambling to figure out what the what do next and that's
kind
of been what it's been like since March every day is just something new.
Yeah, it has been, we have two little ones, they're going into 3rd and 4th grade, and when this hit it was it was different, it was definitely different, but we managed pretty well and there's a lot of good things and a lot of blessings that came out of it too, so it wasn't all that bad.
But
yeah, our oldest, she took she took to it really well and within a few weeks she was like uh excelling and getting all of her work done within a couple hours, but our youngest, his teacher was a lot more uh, okay. She was, she was rough, she was tough, so he would, it wasn't unheard of him for to be like for six hours a day kind of thing of doing work and listening to videos and stuff. So that plays a big part of it is how the school does it, and how the teachers do it. But um, overall, I think they did pretty well.
Yeah, we, we ran into a lot of that too, and, and they have that withdrawal to being around all of their friends. So, uh, we did a lot of Minecraft and things like that, where they could still interact with people, enjoy that time, kind of at least socializing a little bit.
Yeah, it's definitely weird. Yeah. So you're writing a lot for uh about the coronavirus and everything, Are you are you looking into like the social act aspects of it, or is it more into like scientific?
And who do you, who do you write for?
Mhm. Oh, cool. Has there been anything that's been surprising to you through all of this?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's been a lot of it. Uh we haven't had a whole lot of exposure up here, so even even me, I I started waning halfway through it and be like, you know, it's not up here, we should just go out to a restaurant or do something. But my father in law just went through chemo, so his immune system is really weekend. And I right before all of
this, right, february, I found out I had some kind of weird heart condition, so I didn't want to risk getting that and, you know, because it's going to tax my heart too much. So it was we've played a really conservative and even at that point it was kind of like, yeah, we probably shouldn't because we never know when it's going to show up here and we don't want to be, you know, we don't want to eat, go eat a cheeseburger or something and then find out that we have Covid, like that's not a good pay off kind of
thing. So we've stayed really conservative about it. But a lot of our friends and uh people we know around here just they're they're back to normal. They're they're tired of everything and they're just doing whatever they want. That's kind of hard to see, I think for us because we have to
still play it really safe.
No.
Yeah, we've
also turned that into a fun game. We've we've done uh like last night we did our own mexican restaurant.
So
we
have we have the in laws over then we do everything whatever you want, like a burrito taco, whatever will go make it then do it and it's all homemade stuff, so it was kind of fun like that.
So have you heard any good news from it? Any anything coming down the pike that isn't well known yet?
So I've heard that Russia has one that they're working on that's looking promising. And then I heard that we had one a couple days back that was in third stage testing. Have you heard about that?
Hey?
True. Yeah, that's kind of what I'm hearing too.
Um That's that's largely been, it's just the in laws and we went and got a beach house the other weekend. So it was just all of us and then uh my wife, her parents and our kids went out to like crater Lake. So we're still getting out just doing it really cautiously and trying to keep it just us and in some kind of environment where they're outdoors or you know, doing something other than that, everything's virtual, have some good friends with work that we chat throughout the day and some friends still down in SAn Diego that we chat here and there. But I'm also.
Uh huh. I'm kind of that type of personality though so I can I can handle being alone for a little while and then being around people to kind of that middle of the road kind of.
Yeah, I think so too. The guys I grew up with, we all stay in contact and we're able to find one of our other friends who kind of separated at high school. And so stuff like that has been really need to be able to kind of reconnect with people that you haven't seen for a while because a people don't have as much to do and like you said like zoom is just kind of taken off for google meet or whatever you use is you're able to interact better, everybody's needing this technology, so everybody has it in front of them now.
Uh the last year before the pandemic, I was at a high school, so it's kind of remote almost already doing
away from the rest of the team who was, you know, all of five minutes away. But before that, even when we first moved up here, I was working from home for the first three years. So it was something that I was familiar with and didn't bother me too much when we first moved up here, it was a lot rougher just because I didn't know anybody in the area. So after the three year stint of that, I started to like needing to get out and meet people and find out what the city is about. But um with this it's been a lot easier,
but
sure, yeah, for us, a lot of the guys, everyone, except for me actually is back in the schools trying to get them were spun up ready for the fall, but with my higher risk and I have a bunch of coding background so I can sit in front of the computer and do a bunch of code now, kind of uninterrupted. So it's been kind of a blessing in that way too, and my boss is totally fine with that, so all in all it's it's been pretty easy transition for me, but I know for some of the other guys it was a lot more difficult to be
stuck at home or with their families or something like that where you know, they either get bored with not doing enough for getting distracted or any number of different ways.
yeah, I'd be a lot better if we had that even set up a little bit more and more like uh like Mexico or something where we take a little bit more of a chunk of the middle of the day off and just spend some family time or doing whatever you need to around the house, then come back and be around, so you can be remotely working again for those last few hours in the evening when most people are just sitting in front of the tv. Anyways.
Uh yeah actually it says uh for at least 25 minutes so we're right about there.
Thank
you. Likewise,