SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm mm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Mhm. But the property, no I've already got it set up down here, yep mm. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm mm. Yeah. Right mm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah it's mhm. Yeah yeah mm. Mhm mm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. Are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: sorry? It took me a little bit to get everything working.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no it's okay. I was like
SPEAKER_R: This.
SPEAKER_L: I've tried one other time and someone didn't show up so okay. Like are we because I know you have a few questions to get through.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I wanted to read everything so that took me a minute.
SPEAKER_L: That's fair. I was able to go a little bit faster because we read it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm sorry someone skipped out on you. I was like I don't want to skip out on
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: someone
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: so I'm gonna
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: do it.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it was like an awkward like just sitting here for 5 to 10 minutes while no one showed up, but it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Well I'm here now so I guess it works out
SPEAKER_L: So where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: pennsylvania Tioga County. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from michigan around Detroit so far.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah not too far. I have a family who live in michigan. Yeah. I've never visited them but they come out here sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: It's a nice place. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's what I've heard. I like I like seeing the pictures. That seems nice.
SPEAKER_L: it was snowing earlier so you know
SPEAKER_R: How was it? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like not sticking but like just coming down a little bit and so you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think there's just be a snowstorm right coming up. Did I hear that?
SPEAKER_L: there's like a it's definitely a bit colder. Maybe it's coming here guys is way
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it snowed last week didn't stick but it snowed.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I know in like this past weekend it was so nice, we were outside and
SPEAKER_R: I know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: then no it's too cold now. No
SPEAKER_R: How's everything been going for you? Are you still working? Are you
SPEAKER_L: I am I'm a teacher so I've been working from home. Um It's a little weird because I make videos of like my lessons and then upload things and I feel like I spend more time on like just communicating with kids like hey did you get this, did you get it done? Like are you going to get it done?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm sure I went to school to be a teacher and I was a pair of for a little bit recently. Um, so yeah, so I can understand, I know how kids are, you have to check in with them all the time. So I imagine everything being online is probably an extra hurdle.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean I don't I don't mind like making assignments and stuff like online it's just it's really the communication piece the kids like in class you can you can be more like okay let's go back to this problem. But when doing an assignment online they just do it and you're like no that's wrong. Wrong. Right. Oh well interesting.
SPEAKER_R: cat might sneak into the frame should kill on the desk.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Oh your your cat. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Trying to get over here.
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: Her name is Willow, but she might.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness. So cute.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think she was curious what I'm doing. She's like, who are you talking to?
SPEAKER_L: My cats are imagining upstairs. But I also have cats. What
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: are you are you working during this time?
SPEAKER_R: um I had taken some time off for like health. So I was having some, I ended up like it was allergies, but it was like just before everything happened. So I've taken time off. So I'm like in a weird spot where like took time off for health and then everything happened and shut down. So like I'm like, okay, I don't really know what's going on, but like I still had um I still have my health insurance but because I had taken time off, I wasn't I don't get like like I can't apply for unemployment, does that
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: make sense? But like I'm figuring stuff out, but it's okay, but hopefully in the fall that means we start again and I'll be, you know, I'll start to go back.
SPEAKER_L: Well that'll be nice when things kind of like reopen a little bit right?
SPEAKER_R: Is anything reopening there yet?
SPEAKER_L: Um It's I mean we're still um we're still supposed to stay home and um I think a lot of the stores have opened for like curbside pickup, so stores that were originally closed completely have now opened for curbside. Uh And then um the like we originally had like the big box stores like Kroger and like the essential stores were supposed to like section off parts of their stores so that you didn't have people lingering and like looking at just like looking at gardening stuff. And so they've opened that and then I think they just made it so that you have to wear a mask if you're going anywhere, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty much what it is here. We're doing pennsylvania is doing like stages. So like right now my counties in the yellow stage, which is still like try to stay at home as much as possible, but it's not like a staple in order so
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's kind
SPEAKER_L: mean,
SPEAKER_R: of a little more than yet, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, ours is still stay at home order and its until like May 28 I think and then it might be extended. I don't know, it depends on like, like I know she's opening things in stages, so we'll see, we'll see what that looks like. But I mean I've seen a lot of people like outside that I don't normally see like during the summer. So I'm realizing I have neighbors. I've never ever communicated.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I guess because people are like home and around more often and that kind of thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What have you been doing to keep busy during this time? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've been, so I went to school to be an art teacher, which I have a top art. Yeah. Like I taught preschool and I've like always incorporated art when I have um work in the school system, but I've been doing art a lot, so that's kind of keeping me given myself projects and trying to work on watercolor and learn watercolor.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's really cool. Yeah, I'm artistic at all.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: My um my students, we have like zoom sessions, like video chat sessions, they'll show me their artwork and I'm like, oh, I wish I was, I wish I was somewhat artistically inclined. I'm not, it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: you like you decorate your room at all like when you're teaching?
SPEAKER_L: Um So I teach middle school and so it's not quite as nice as like the elementary school first, they go all out. Um But you know, it's it's okay. I mostly have white boards all over my wall, so like I just have like Um like two x 3 White boards that are
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: hung all over. And so I don't have to really decorate much because those those take up most of the space and then there's just like posters up high. I did make them, but mostly they're just like they're printed things that I glued onto card stock, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sometimes I feel like teachers don't think their artistic, but like they know how to do crafty things, so I always know
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: not alone.
SPEAKER_L: no, I
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: mean I will say like I do make assignments that are like hidden pictures, so it's like a pixelated version of like a picture, but those aren't really like artistic because literally just look for someone else's like pixelated picture
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: and then just like my like I just make it on the computer, look at that.
SPEAKER_R: that's still creative though, so I feel like that's in the realm, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe maybe
SPEAKER_R: Mm. What what subject do you teach your middle school?
SPEAKER_L: I teach math. So
SPEAKER_R: Math?
SPEAKER_L: um my math brain helps me like make the hidden
SPEAKER_R: It.
SPEAKER_L: pictures because I know I don't really have to like come up with what this is gonna look like, I'm just literally like oh these seven squares are going to be green. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: makes sense. That's cool. Well do you have a favorite like topic or subject in math?
SPEAKER_L: Um I like to teach algebra, were teaching geometry right now and I hate geometry, so I'm excited to move on from geometry. Um And we get statistics next, which I do really like statistics, I think the kids like it. So this week is like the last week of geometry, so I'm really excited because my kids don't like it, I don't like it. Well they probably don't like it because I don't like it but.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I always feel like people either like geometry or algebra and I always like geometry because I like, I think it's kind of hard to like you do face and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So we're supposed to teach like um that's like it's like taking a three D. Figure in like unfolding it and we're supposed to draw them and I'm always like okay like so this is going to be a really rough sketch. But oh well
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they at least are learning it. I suppose it's just really poor artwork. They're not my thing.
SPEAKER_R: They probably don't mind though.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Both.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I feel like I thought of something else and I don't remember. Yes. Statistics. I always like statistics. I feel like it was helpful, especially as a teacher like understand data.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and it's fun like the kids get to like collect information and like they can do more like project based stuff that is a little bit easier to do. Especially um given the distance learning situation still fun things that they can do with statistics. Gm. Tree a little bit harder to do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You never know what statistics, you can like what have kids like makeup projects, like collecting items and counting on that kind of thing. The geometry
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: my cousin is he was he called me the other day because
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: um he's in like first grade and so he called to find out what like my favorite color was between, because apparently they were making like bar graphs
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's
SPEAKER_L: so we can fund things like that, like hey, call this many people or talk to this many people. Um So that's kind of neat. That'll be a nice change from what we're currently doing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool. Do you like have zoom work 12 for you? I hear everyone's using zoom but I've never used it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really easy to use it. Um I mean you just like, you have to set up like a video conference and then people get a link and they just click on it and join, kind of like this. Um and then like You can see like you can set it so that you can see the entire class, so I can see like 30 kids at once, um which, you know, you have to do and you can share your screen so like if I need them to see a problem
SPEAKER_R: If.
SPEAKER_L: I can show them the problem on my screen. I like it.
SPEAKER_R: It's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we've we've been fond of it. Um We play like um well I use it for school but then um we play trivia. Uh normally bar trivia but bars are closed so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: so we've been playing like virtual trivia so um they use zoom for that too, so we just are getting really good at zoom.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's really cool. I've heard of a lot of places moving like to zoom and online events and that's nice. People are doing that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it gives you something to do because I mean I mean I love tv don't get me wrong but you can only watch some
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Is there something you miss most right now about like teaching or like being able to get out and that kind of thing?
SPEAKER_L: I miss um So I have a son he's too and I miss being able to take him places either so that I can play with him or so that I could drop him off and have some time without him. Um So I miss I miss that because he's he's very busy
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. After two years old.
SPEAKER_L: and so yeah I've been trying to um like figure out things to do around here but like you know we're stuck inside if it's too cold and then when we go outside like you can go for walks, bike rides, play in our yard, but you can't go to like a park or anything. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that must be hard because I know all the parks around here are close to and I think they even close like the walking trails because people are like hanging out on the benches so they're like we're just going to close the trails because we can't have like hang it out. So.
SPEAKER_L: so I think that's like something I miss is just being able to like, like even just go to the playground because he to play and climb and just when we're at home like we have things that he can climb on but it's just not the same, it's more exciting for him to go places. What what do you miss?
SPEAKER_R: Um I haven't seen like my grandma in a while and I'm really close to my grandma and I call her and she can't hear me on the phone So like she doesn't really know what I'm saying and like talk for like five minutes and then she's like okay bye. So like yeah so just being able to go see her will be nice and like we live in the same town so normally I can just go right over and like you know hang out and have dinner or whatever. But especially because you know stay at home orders and then even
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: now that things are opening up, I don't know if I want to go see her just because like she's He's like 87, like not in great health. So I'm just hoping that everything will pass. Nice to conceal her but it might be a little while I guess.
SPEAKER_L: does she have like, I mean she's she's probably not because she's older, but does she have like a computer that you can
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: do it? Okay. Sometimes
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: it's easier to like understand people see them?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's a good idea though. I wonder if I could ask. My my uncle lives with her and takes care of her. If I don't even think maybe I could be like, hey can you download like Skype or something? Her zoom? So I can I
SPEAKER_L: I know. I find it easier to like phones are sometimes hard to like one, but like if I can see their lips moving or like their facial expressions a little bit easier.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's a good idea because she could see well, so maybe she could like see my face. It would help me.
SPEAKER_L: Made me feel a little bit more connected,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was way better or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Have you done any? Um So I know here um chalk art has been big of the quarantine. And you like art? Have you done any like um like do you like to use chuck as a media?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't done chalk. I don't really have like a sidewalk
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: right near my house. But like we were doing um like the Bear Hunt, I don't know that was popular like online so people bears in their window and stuff. So I did that when they had the bear hunt of that.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: But like I'm kind of in a weird weird part of town, like people don't really walk by a lot so like like I can participate but people don't always come up my way.
SPEAKER_L: That's very we live in a a neighborhood that has lots of kids and stuff. So they're often walking. Uh huh. My my chalk is not great, but that's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I'll give you like something to do in a way to be like part of the community if people are doing something. Yeah. So are you in like a city you said you were outside of Detroit?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm in the suburbs. So I just lived um in the suburbs. So there's lots of families that live by me and a lot of like it's like an older community, so there's like lots of new families, but then all the others are like older like as the older people leave um new families come in like actual families that have kids. Um I didn't
SPEAKER_R: Excellent.
SPEAKER_L: say actual families, families that have.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm in like a small town so like there's like the main part of town and I'm kind of like on the outskirts, kind of like near you're the woods. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No it's it's definitely not small town e over here. I mean it's not as as popular as some cities, but it's definitely a pretty populated city.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's probably nice though, like it's still probably seems like you see people more often.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think I could ever live in a small town. I like seeing people more importantly, I like being able to go to like, I mean not currently we can't but like I like to go to restaurants and like stores and I just I feel like that's important to me to be near them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I agree. Like I've lived in cities, it's just like from here so I kind of always end up coming back here um But I'm close to my family and I'm like part of the community so it's nice so I like it here but I do miss being able to do things that like even a bigger town would have, we don't have even like a bookstore, we have to travel like half an hour to go to the bookstore. Yeah, I hate it sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: See I like when we moved here, we lived in a bigger city that was like um like had a bigger downtown area And so we moved here which is only like 15 minutes away from where we used to live, but like I miss all of the like different types of restaurants because here there's a lot of Italian And a lot of bakeries um but not a lot of anything else, so we still have to like travel, I mean it's like 15 minutes so don't get me wrong, it's not like I'm traveling but 15 minutes to go get like like any sort of ethnic food or um really just anything that's not Italian very
SPEAKER_R: we have to an hour and it can be frustrating for anything like different in that like like everything around here is kind of like diners and like home style cooking. Yeah, it's like an hour if you want to get like Sufi or you want to get thai food.
SPEAKER_L: I think that would be like tragic for me, we have an indian place that just opened up in in our area, so that was really exciting because now if we want Indian food we don't have to drive 15 minutes, which was a lot for me. So it was nice to be able to just
SPEAKER_R: If.
SPEAKER_L: like order out. Um Are you guys restaurants doing like curbside?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, which is nice. So like on Fridays, um I live with my girlfriend on Fridays, we usually try to order something just kind of the support that we kind of tried the different, well we've gone to other places, you know where they're open, we're kind of like rotating through the couple restaurants in the area just to give them business, which is nice and I'm glad they can do that.
SPEAKER_L: I found that I so we ordered food like last week and then ever since I've just we eat out a lot normally and we've been um so ever since I've just been like I don't want to cook, I just want to keep ordering food. I feel like I opened the floodgates and it's now I just want to like take out all the time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well I think it's been hard, like normally I'm not like home this much, like I'm working usually, so I feel like I'm cooking a lot which is nice, but at the same time I'm kind of like board of cooking, like I don't want to do it every day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I like it. So over cooking
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: ready to just go back to, I mean I probably shouldn't go back to eating like every 33 to 4 times a week, but it's just easier. I mean.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it's nice to have the option to like, we're just eating the couple restaurants in town. We don't like go out of town, which is something I miss. Like even go to the next over and you know, getting the restaurant.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'd be hard because you'd have to drive like an hour to get something
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: and then by the time you got home you have to like reheat it. Uh
SPEAKER_R: because like the next town over has like fast food but I don't want fast food like this. So. But yeah, that's something I miss being able to get like a variety of things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have you been um watching a lot? I feel like I watch a lot of tv, have you been watching a lot of T. V.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't have like a cable but I have netflix. So I've been going through a lot of shows are re watching shows like right now we're re watching the office. I don't know how many times, you know? But you know,
SPEAKER_L: we've
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of like
SPEAKER_L: I've watched it through many times. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: because it's like I've been trying to watch kind of like fun shows that aren't like, you know, stressful or two to dramatic just because help me relax.
SPEAKER_L: that's fair. Have you seen um So I mean you might have because it's pretty popular Shits creek.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I haven't seen the new season but I like the show a lot.
SPEAKER_L: yeah because the new season I think is on Hulu or pop which you don't if you have netflix I don't think it's not enough but it was really good. Something
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: to look
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: forward to.
SPEAKER_R: maybe maybe I'll have to get you again. I used to have hulu but I didn't use it a whole lot so maybe I'll have to get it just to watch this season.
SPEAKER_L: See I feel like I don't use net we don't have I mean we have who we live so we do have the component. Um But I feel like we don't really use netflix very much anymore. Like we went, we we got rid of it for like a year and then quarantine happened and we were like let's get netflix again. But I literally never go to it. Like I'm always going to tell you like just because I I tend to watch like a lot of like current stuff or they
SPEAKER_R: That makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: and then a lot of Youtube because my really
SPEAKER_R: How do you
SPEAKER_L: likes
SPEAKER_R: feel?
SPEAKER_L: Youtube videos.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. There's a lot of kids options on Youtube. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So we we tend to watch a lot of a lot of songs like nursing crimes on Youtube. That's
SPEAKER_R: If you do watch netflix, have you seen Kim's Convenience?
SPEAKER_L: I have not.
SPEAKER_R: I would recommend it.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: But like
SPEAKER_L: when I should check out kim's convenience.
SPEAKER_R: that's like a korean. Well it's in Canada so korean Canadian family. Um And they have like all the seasons on there right now that are out. Yeah. I just it's kind of fun were like half hour episodes so it's easy to watch.
SPEAKER_L: I'll have to look into. We always like having like a new show specifically shows that are like upbeat like doing anything like sad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's like a it's a comedy and it's kind of like it has like you know, it's drama sometimes like shows do but it's like a funny show so I enjoyed it a lot.
SPEAKER_L: That's good. Now went out because like I said, always looking for new shows, especially because like the seasons of our current shows ended pretty early because of they can't make new episodes. So they just aired what they had now. It's they're all like they've had their season finale lease. It was a little early. Um So now we're kind of looking for new
SPEAKER_R: Looks good.
SPEAKER_L: things.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Do you have any show recommendations? Maybe if I check out lulu?
SPEAKER_L: Let's see. I well, if you're thinking of like current shows um we tend to watch, so I don't tend to watch a lot of like long shows like us. Um But we do watch The Resident, which is like an hour long drama. It's like a hospital show. It's really good. Um And then I'm really bad at names is the problem.
SPEAKER_R: that's a
SPEAKER_L: watch a lot of, I like, I think it's called Single Parents, which is kind of a fun show, like an upbeat show that's new. Um And then The Unicorn also pretty good, But that's new. Like all the shows we watch around you lose. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: maybe I'll check because I used to watch the masked singer because I was just kind of fun and my family always talked about it. But
SPEAKER_L: I we watched one season and I liked it and then I just, we never watched another season. Um We like um Superstores on hulu. That's pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I've heard a superstore. I've never watched it.
SPEAKER_L: That one's, I like it, it's pretty good. Yeah. Um And then yeah, I don't really know. I feel like I watch a lot of tv but I just, I don't even know.
SPEAKER_R: So now out. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yep.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been doing any like reading or anything like that? No. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I started a book like early and I'm still reading it, so Yeah, I'm not really getting
SPEAKER_L: my husband's
SPEAKER_R: much
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: done.
SPEAKER_L: the reading. Um I tend to not, I just most recently read a book on potty training so that's, you know, that's the extent of what I'm reading. But he likes to read like fiction. I don't like fiction. I don't like to read fiction. Um symptoms will read nonfiction like um memoirs of people or things like that. But no, not too much. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I used to read a lot but I don't really, I feel like I don't have the time and I guess now I have the time I'm not in the habit of it so I don't really.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I'm a very slow reader and like um just I don't necessarily process while when I'm reading so I just ended not read and
SPEAKER_R: accent
SPEAKER_L: you read kids books to my son's um lots
SPEAKER_R: Nicer.
SPEAKER_L: of little blue truck and all the good classics. Right.
SPEAKER_R: books are fun though, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah wow. Mhm. So I think we've been on for 25 minutes um we'll go for another minute or two. I'd set a timer to keep track just
SPEAKER_R: That's smart.
SPEAKER_L: because I thought, I mean not that I don't want to continue our company but
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I do have a zoom meeting with my students
SPEAKER_R: No problems.
SPEAKER_L: a little bit later. Um So I need to get ready for that but it was really nice to talk to you. What's your name by the way?
SPEAKER_R: Oh my name's Alina. What's
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: your name?
SPEAKER_L: Kristin Alina. Well it was nice meeting you wanna um and I hope that you guys are say staying safe and healthy and
SPEAKER_R: you do.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's been a aside from missing like all of my family and bronze um doing pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think that's the hardest part missed and my family and friends.
SPEAKER_L: I know are now are you so you guys are still on, You said you're not on like a stay home order.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We just moved today actually into like the yellow phase for like half the half the stain is and the other half still read which is kind of weird, which makes sense. But um we're kind of like at a like I don't know what they call it like stay at home suggestion like essential jobs are still open but like and more opening but not everything.
SPEAKER_L: So you're gonna wait to like continue to wait to see your family?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so just like I might see my mom and sister because they're more you know in better health but I think my grandma I'll probably wait and maybe I'll try zoom or Skype with her because I just wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: recommend
SPEAKER_R: to accent.
SPEAKER_L: it. It's I mean it's like a nice way to because you miss seeing people like and it's a nice way to kind of like, even though you can't see each other, you can still see each other's like expressions and like get to enjoy each other's company. You know,
SPEAKER_R: I should.
SPEAKER_L: you're not with each other.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I have to help give my uncle a call and see if he has it or we'll download it yourself then. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Um zoom is pretty easy to use. I know that it's just the website. You just go to a website and I had to direct my parents who are not technically technology. Um They're not great at technology so I had to like, walk my parents through the steps, I'm like, how access it, but I literally just send the link to them and then they click on the link and then once you click on the link, you just have to like do a couple of things, like join with video or join with audio,
SPEAKER_R: so it
SPEAKER_L: just a couple of things, so it's pretty easy to use. I don't I don't really know Skype, I haven't really used it,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah like shape was always kind of clunky and I didn't like it.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah, I mean I've enjoyed zoom and um Facetime on my phone is okay except and I have to hold my phone and I feel like it's just like yeah,
SPEAKER_R: probably moves, it moves a lot. I always felt like when I was talking like my sister does Face Time and she'll be like walking around her house and they're like sit down for a second.
SPEAKER_L: but it seems pretty easy to use. I mean I've had lots of students who are not necessarily great with computers and they've been able to figure it out. It's not actually like hosting meetings um is a little bit more complicated but will not like. So what you would you would just have to go onto the website and then click like host meeting, like account and then host meeting. But no one who's joining your meeting needs an account so they don't create an account.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think there's a thing about Skype you like set up an account and activate it where that's nice. Do we just,
SPEAKER_L: you do not. It's it's pretty easy um For the people like anyone who is not great with technology, they you don't have to walk them through making an account. You just have to like have them click a link.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's easy. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Pretty
SPEAKER_R: I'll try
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: to do thank you.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well it was really nice talking to you. Um And I hope you guys get to see your family soon.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and good luck with everything. I hope it goes well for you.