Yeah. Mhm mm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Mhm. But the property, no I've already got it set up down here, yep mm. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm mm. Yeah. Right mm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah it's mhm. Yeah yeah mm. Mhm mm.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good.
Oh no it's okay. I was like
I've tried one other time and someone didn't show up so okay. Like are we because I know you have a few questions to get through.
That's fair. I was able to go a little bit faster because we read it.
You
know,
it was
I mean it was like an awkward like just sitting here for 5 to 10 minutes while no one showed up, but it's okay.
So where are you from?
I'm from michigan around Detroit so far.
It's a nice place. Yeah
it was snowing earlier so you know
like not sticking but like just coming down a little bit and so you know.
there's like a it's definitely a bit colder. Maybe it's coming here guys is way
yeah I know in like this past weekend it was so nice, we were outside and
then no it's too cold now. No
I am I'm a teacher so I've been working from home. Um It's a little weird because I make videos of like my lessons and then upload things and I feel like I spend more time on like just communicating with kids like hey did you get this, did you get it done? Like are you going to get it done?
Yeah I mean I don't I don't mind like making assignments and stuff like online it's just it's really the communication piece the kids like in class you can you can be more like okay let's go back to this problem. But when doing an assignment online they just do it and you're like no that's wrong. Wrong. Right. Oh well interesting.
Uh huh. Oh your your cat. Oh
see
Oh my goodness. So cute.
My cats are imagining upstairs. But I also have cats. What
are you are you working during this time?
no.
Well that'll be nice when things kind of like reopen a little bit right?
Um It's I mean we're still um we're still supposed to stay home and um I think a lot of the stores have opened for like curbside pickup, so stores that were originally closed completely have now opened for curbside. Uh And then um the like we originally had like the big box stores like Kroger and like the essential stores were supposed to like section off parts of their stores so that you didn't have people lingering and like looking at just like looking at gardening stuff. And so they've opened that and then I think they just made it so that you have to wear a mask if you're going anywhere, so.
I
mean,
Yeah, ours is still stay at home order and its until like May 28 I think and then it might be extended. I don't know, it depends on like, like I know she's opening things in stages, so we'll see, we'll see what that looks like. But I mean I've seen a lot of people like outside that I don't normally see like during the summer. So I'm realizing I have neighbors. I've never ever communicated.
Yeah. What have you been doing to keep busy during this time? Yeah.
Oh, that's really cool. Yeah, I'm artistic at all.
My um my students, we have like zoom sessions, like video chat sessions, they'll show me their artwork and I'm like, oh, I wish I was, I wish I was somewhat artistically inclined. I'm not, it's okay.
Um So I teach middle school and so it's not quite as nice as like the elementary school first, they go all out. Um But you know, it's it's okay. I mostly have white boards all over my wall, so like I just have like Um like two x 3 White boards that are
hung all over. And so I don't have to really decorate much because those those take up most of the space and then there's just like posters up high. I did make them, but mostly they're just like they're printed things that I glued onto card stock, so.
No,
no, I
mean I will say like I do make assignments that are like hidden pictures, so it's like a pixelated version of like a picture, but those aren't really like artistic because literally just look for someone else's like pixelated picture
and then just like my like I just make it on the computer, look at that.
Maybe maybe
I teach math. So
um my math brain helps me like make the hidden
pictures because I know I don't really have to like come up with what this is gonna look like, I'm just literally like oh these seven squares are going to be green. Okay.
Um I like to teach algebra, were teaching geometry right now and I hate geometry, so I'm excited to move on from geometry. Um And we get statistics next, which I do really like statistics, I think the kids like it. So this week is like the last week of geometry, so I'm really excited because my kids don't like it, I don't like it. Well they probably don't like it because I don't like it but.
Yeah. So we're supposed to teach like um that's like it's like taking a three D. Figure in like unfolding it and we're supposed to draw them and I'm always like okay like so this is going to be a really rough sketch. But oh well
they at least are learning it. I suppose it's just really poor artwork. They're not my thing.
No.
No,
Yeah and it's fun like the kids get to like collect information and like they can do more like project based stuff that is a little bit easier to do. Especially um given the distance learning situation still fun things that they can do with statistics. Gm. Tree a little bit harder to do.
My
my cousin is he was he called me the other day because
um he's in like first grade and so he called to find out what like my favorite color was between, because apparently they were making like bar graphs
so we can fund things like that, like hey, call this many people or talk to this many people. Um So that's kind of neat. That'll be a nice change from what we're currently doing.
Yeah, it's really easy to use it. Um I mean you just like, you have to set up like a video conference and then people get a link and they just click on it and join, kind of like this. Um and then like You can see like you can set it so that you can see the entire class, so I can see like 30 kids at once, um which, you know, you have to do and you can share your screen so like if I need them to see a problem
I can show them the problem on my screen. I like it.
Yeah we've we've been fond of it. Um We play like um well I use it for school but then um we play trivia. Uh normally bar trivia but bars are closed so
so we've been playing like virtual trivia so um they use zoom for that too, so we just are getting really good at zoom.
Yeah it gives you something to do because I mean I mean I love tv don't get me wrong but you can only watch some
I miss um So I have a son he's too and I miss being able to take him places either so that I can play with him or so that I could drop him off and have some time without him. Um So I miss I miss that because he's he's very busy
and so yeah I've been trying to um like figure out things to do around here but like you know we're stuck inside if it's too cold and then when we go outside like you can go for walks, bike rides, play in our yard, but you can't go to like a park or anything. So Yeah.
so I think that's like something I miss is just being able to like, like even just go to the playground because he to play and climb and just when we're at home like we have things that he can climb on but it's just not the same, it's more exciting for him to go places. What what do you miss?
And
does she have like, I mean she's she's probably not because she's older, but does she have like a computer that you can
do it? Okay. Sometimes
it's easier to like understand people see them?
I know. I find it easier to like phones are sometimes hard to like one, but like if I can see their lips moving or like their facial expressions a little bit easier.
Made me feel a little bit more connected,
Have you done any? Um So I know here um chalk art has been big of the quarantine. And you like art? Have you done any like um like do you like to use chuck as a media?
And
that's
That's very we live in a a neighborhood that has lots of kids and stuff. So they're often walking. Uh huh. My my chalk is not great, but that's okay.
Yeah. I'm in the suburbs. So I just lived um in the suburbs. So there's lots of families that live by me and a lot of like it's like an older community, so there's like lots of new families, but then all the others are like older like as the older people leave um new families come in like actual families that have kids. Um I didn't
say actual families, families that have.
Yeah. No it's it's definitely not small town e over here. I mean it's not as as popular as some cities, but it's definitely a pretty populated city.
I don't think I could ever live in a small town. I like seeing people more importantly, I like being able to go to like, I mean not currently we can't but like I like to go to restaurants and like stores and I just I feel like that's important to me to be near them.
See I like when we moved here, we lived in a bigger city that was like um like had a bigger downtown area And so we moved here which is only like 15 minutes away from where we used to live, but like I miss all of the like different types of restaurants because here there's a lot of Italian And a lot of bakeries um but not a lot of anything else, so we still have to like travel, I mean it's like 15 minutes so don't get me wrong, it's not like I'm traveling but 15 minutes to go get like like any sort of ethnic food or um really just anything that's not Italian very
I think that would be like tragic for me, we have an indian place that just opened up in in our area, so that was really exciting because now if we want Indian food we don't have to drive 15 minutes, which was a lot for me. So it was nice to be able to just
like order out. Um Are you guys restaurants doing like curbside?
I found that I so we ordered food like last week and then ever since I've just we eat out a lot normally and we've been um so ever since I've just been like I don't want to cook, I just want to keep ordering food. I feel like I opened the floodgates and it's now I just want to like take out all the time.
yes.
Yeah, no, I like it. So over cooking
ready to just go back to, I mean I probably shouldn't go back to eating like every 33 to 4 times a week, but it's just easier. I mean.
Yeah, I'd be hard because you'd have to drive like an hour to get something
and then by the time you got home you have to like reheat it. Uh
Yeah. Have you been um watching a lot? I feel like I watch a lot of tv, have you been watching a lot of T. V.
we've
I've watched it through many times. Yeah
that's fair. Have you seen um So I mean you might have because it's pretty popular Shits creek.
yeah because the new season I think is on Hulu or pop which you don't if you have netflix I don't think it's not enough but it was really good. Something
to look
forward to.
See I feel like I don't use net we don't have I mean we have who we live so we do have the component. Um But I feel like we don't really use netflix very much anymore. Like we went, we we got rid of it for like a year and then quarantine happened and we were like let's get netflix again. But I literally never go to it. Like I'm always going to tell you like just because I I tend to watch like a lot of like current stuff or they
and then a lot of Youtube because my really
likes
Youtube videos.
Yeah. So we we tend to watch a lot of a lot of songs like nursing crimes on Youtube. That's
I have not.
That's
when I should check out kim's convenience.
I'll have to look into. We always like having like a new show specifically shows that are like upbeat like doing anything like sad.
That's good. Now went out because like I said, always looking for new shows, especially because like the seasons of our current shows ended pretty early because of they can't make new episodes. So they just aired what they had now. It's they're all like they've had their season finale lease. It was a little early. Um So now we're kind of looking for new
things.
Let's see. I well, if you're thinking of like current shows um we tend to watch, so I don't tend to watch a lot of like long shows like us. Um But we do watch The Resident, which is like an hour long drama. It's like a hospital show. It's really good. Um And then I'm really bad at names is the problem.
watch a lot of, I like, I think it's called Single Parents, which is kind of a fun show, like an upbeat show that's new. Um And then The Unicorn also pretty good, But that's new. Like all the shows we watch around you lose. Mhm.
I we watched one season and I liked it and then I just, we never watched another season. Um We like um Superstores on hulu. That's pretty good.
That one's, I like it, it's pretty good. Yeah. Um And then yeah, I don't really know. I feel like I watch a lot of tv but I just, I don't even know.
yep.
Right.
No,
my husband's
in
the reading. Um I tend to not, I just most recently read a book on potty training so that's, you know, that's the extent of what I'm reading. But he likes to read like fiction. I don't like fiction. I don't like to read fiction. Um symptoms will read nonfiction like um memoirs of people or things like that. But no, not too much. Mhm.
I feel like I'm a very slow reader and like um just I don't necessarily process while when I'm reading so I just ended not read and
you read kids books to my son's um lots
of little blue truck and all the good classics. Right.
Yeah wow. Mhm. So I think we've been on for 25 minutes um we'll go for another minute or two. I'd set a timer to keep track just
because I thought, I mean not that I don't want to continue our company but
I do have a zoom meeting with my students
a little bit later. Um So I need to get ready for that but it was really nice to talk to you. What's your name by the way?
I'm
Kristin Alina. Well it was nice meeting you wanna um and I hope that you guys are say staying safe and healthy and
yeah, it's been a aside from missing like all of my family and bronze um doing pretty good.
I know are now are you so you guys are still on, You said you're not on like a stay home order.
So you're gonna wait to like continue to wait to see your family?
I
recommend
it. It's I mean it's like a nice way to because you miss seeing people like and it's a nice way to kind of like, even though you can't see each other, you can still see each other's like expressions and like get to enjoy each other's company. You know,
you're not with each other.
Um zoom is pretty easy to use. I know that it's just the website. You just go to a website and I had to direct my parents who are not technically technology. Um They're not great at technology so I had to like, walk my parents through the steps, I'm like, how access it, but I literally just send the link to them and then they click on the link and then once you click on the link, you just have to like do a couple of things, like join with video or join with audio,
just a couple of things, so it's pretty easy to use. I don't I don't really know Skype, I haven't really used it,
but yeah, I mean I've enjoyed zoom and um Facetime on my phone is okay except and I have to hold my phone and I feel like it's just like yeah,
but it seems pretty easy to use. I mean I've had lots of students who are not necessarily great with computers and they've been able to figure it out. It's not actually like hosting meetings um is a little bit more complicated but will not like. So what you would you would just have to go onto the website and then click like host meeting, like account and then host meeting. But no one who's joining your meeting needs an account so they don't create an account.
you do not. It's it's pretty easy um For the people like anyone who is not great with technology, they you don't have to walk them through making an account. You just have to like have them click a link.
Pretty
good.
All right. Well it was really nice talking to you. Um And I hope you guys get to see your family soon.