Hello.
Good. Are you
sorry? It took me a little bit to get everything working.
This.
Yeah I wanted to read everything so that took me a minute.
Yeah. I'm sorry someone skipped out on you. I was like I don't want to skip out on
someone
so I'm gonna
do it.
yeah. Well I'm here now so I guess it works out
pennsylvania Tioga County. How about you?
Yeah not too far. I have a family who live in michigan. Yeah. I've never visited them but they come out here sometimes.
that's what I've heard. I like I like seeing the pictures. That seems nice.
How was it? Yeah.
Yeah. I think there's just be a snowstorm right coming up. Did I hear that?
Yeah it snowed last week didn't stick but it snowed.
I know. Yeah.
How's everything been going for you? Are you still working? Are you
Yeah. I'm sure I went to school to be a teacher and I was a pair of for a little bit recently. Um, so yeah, so I can understand, I know how kids are, you have to check in with them all the time. So I imagine everything being online is probably an extra hurdle.
cat might sneak into the frame should kill on the desk.
Trying to get over here.
Her name is Willow, but she might.
yeah, I think she was curious what I'm doing. She's like, who are you talking to?
I
um I had taken some time off for like health. So I was having some, I ended up like it was allergies, but it was like just before everything happened. So I've taken time off. So I'm like in a weird spot where like took time off for health and then everything happened and shut down. So like I'm like, okay, I don't really know what's going on, but like I still had um I still have my health insurance but because I had taken time off, I wasn't I don't get like like I can't apply for unemployment, does that
make sense? But like I'm figuring stuff out, but it's okay, but hopefully in the fall that means we start again and I'll be, you know, I'll start to go back.
Is anything reopening there yet?
Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty much what it is here. We're doing pennsylvania is doing like stages. So like right now my counties in the yellow stage, which is still like try to stay at home as much as possible, but it's not like a staple in order so
it's kind
of a little more than yet, but
Yeah. Yeah, I guess because people are like home and around more often and that kind of thing.
I've been, so I went to school to be an art teacher, which I have a top art. Yeah. Like I taught preschool and I've like always incorporated art when I have um work in the school system, but I've been doing art a lot, so that's kind of keeping me given myself projects and trying to work on watercolor and learn watercolor.
No.
you like you decorate your room at all like when you're teaching?
Thanks.
Yeah. Sometimes I feel like teachers don't think their artistic, but like they know how to do crafty things, so I always know
not alone.
No.
This
that's still creative though, so I feel like that's in the realm, but yeah.
Mm. What what subject do you teach your middle school?
Math?
It.
makes sense. That's cool. Well do you have a favorite like topic or subject in math?
Yeah. I always feel like people either like geometry or algebra and I always like geometry because I like, I think it's kind of hard to like you do face and stuff.
Yeah.
They probably don't mind though.
Both.
Uh huh. I feel like I thought of something else and I don't remember. Yes. Statistics. I always like statistics. I feel like it was helpful, especially as a teacher like understand data.
Yeah. You never know what statistics, you can like what have kids like makeup projects, like collecting items and counting on that kind of thing. The geometry
and
it.
Oh, that's
Yeah, that's cool. Do you like have zoom work 12 for you? I hear everyone's using zoom but I've never used it.
If.
It's cool.
Yeah, that's
Yeah, that's really cool. I've heard of a lot of places moving like to zoom and online events and that's nice. People are doing that.
Yeah. Is there something you miss most right now about like teaching or like being able to get out and that kind of thing?
Yeah. After two years old.
that must be hard because I know all the parks around here are close to and I think they even close like the walking trails because people are like hanging out on the benches so they're like we're just going to close the trails because we can't have like hang it out. So.
Um I haven't seen like my grandma in a while and I'm really close to my grandma and I call her and she can't hear me on the phone So like she doesn't really know what I'm saying and like talk for like five minutes and then she's like okay bye. So like yeah so just being able to go see her will be nice and like we live in the same town so normally I can just go right over and like you know hang out and have dinner or whatever. But especially because you know stay at home orders and then even
now that things are opening up, I don't know if I want to go see her just because like she's He's like 87, like not in great health. So I'm just hoping that everything will pass. Nice to conceal her but it might be a little while I guess.
No.
So
Yeah. That's a good idea though. I wonder if I could ask. My my uncle lives with her and takes care of her. If I don't even think maybe I could be like, hey can you download like Skype or something? Her zoom? So I can I
Yeah, that's a good idea because she could see well, so maybe she could like see my face. It would help me.
Yeah, it was way better or something. Yeah.
I haven't done chalk. I don't really have like a sidewalk
right near my house. But like we were doing um like the Bear Hunt, I don't know that was popular like online so people bears in their window and stuff. So I did that when they had the bear hunt of that.
But like I'm kind of in a weird weird part of town, like people don't really walk by a lot so like like I can participate but people don't always come up my way.
Yes, I'll give you like something to do in a way to be like part of the community if people are doing something. Yeah. So are you in like a city you said you were outside of Detroit?
Excellent.
Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm in like a small town so like there's like the main part of town and I'm kind of like on the outskirts, kind of like near you're the woods. Yeah.
Yeah. That's probably nice though, like it's still probably seems like you see people more often.
Yeah. Yeah, I agree. Like I've lived in cities, it's just like from here so I kind of always end up coming back here um But I'm close to my family and I'm like part of the community so it's nice so I like it here but I do miss being able to do things that like even a bigger town would have, we don't have even like a bookstore, we have to travel like half an hour to go to the bookstore. Yeah, I hate it sometimes.
we have to an hour and it can be frustrating for anything like different in that like like everything around here is kind of like diners and like home style cooking. Yeah, it's like an hour if you want to get like Sufi or you want to get thai food.
If.
Yeah, which is nice. So like on Fridays, um I live with my girlfriend on Fridays, we usually try to order something just kind of the support that we kind of tried the different, well we've gone to other places, you know where they're open, we're kind of like rotating through the couple restaurants in the area just to give them business, which is nice and I'm glad they can do that.
Yeah, well I think it's been hard, like normally I'm not like home this much, like I'm working usually, so I feel like I'm cooking a lot which is nice, but at the same time I'm kind of like board of cooking, like I don't want to do it every day. Yeah.
Yeah.
Good.
Yeah and it's nice to have the option to like, we're just eating the couple restaurants in town. We don't like go out of town, which is something I miss. Like even go to the next over and you know, getting the restaurant.
It's
because like the next town over has like fast food but I don't want fast food like this. So. But yeah, that's something I miss being able to get like a variety of things.
Yeah, I don't have like a cable but I have netflix. So I've been going through a lot of shows are re watching shows like right now we're re watching the office. I don't know how many times, you know? But you know,
it's kind of like
because it's like I've been trying to watch kind of like fun shows that aren't like, you know, stressful or two to dramatic just because help me relax.
Yeah. I haven't seen the new season but I like the show a lot.
Well
that
maybe maybe I'll have to get you again. I used to have hulu but I didn't use it a whole lot so maybe I'll have to get it just to watch this season.
That makes sense.
How do you
feel?
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. There's a lot of kids options on Youtube. Right?
If you do watch netflix, have you seen Kim's Convenience?
I would recommend it.
But like
that's like a korean. Well it's in Canada so korean Canadian family. Um And they have like all the seasons on there right now that are out. Yeah. I just it's kind of fun were like half hour episodes so it's easy to watch.
Yeah. It's like a it's a comedy and it's kind of like it has like you know, it's drama sometimes like shows do but it's like a funny show so I enjoyed it a lot.
Looks good.
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Do you have any show recommendations? Maybe if I check out lulu?
that's a
maybe I'll check because I used to watch the masked singer because I was just kind of fun and my family always talked about it. But
Oh, I've heard a superstore. I've never watched it.
So now out. Mhm.
Yeah.
Have you been doing any like reading or anything like that? No. Yeah,
I started a book like early and I'm still reading it, so Yeah, I'm not really getting
much
done.
Yeah, I used to read a lot but I don't really, I feel like I don't have the time and I guess now I have the time I'm not in the habit of it so I don't really.
accent
Nicer.
books are fun though, so.
That's smart.
No.
No problems.
Oh my name's Alina. What's
your name?
you do.
Yeah. I think that's the hardest part missed and my family and friends.
Yeah. We just moved today actually into like the yellow phase for like half the half the stain is and the other half still read which is kind of weird, which makes sense. But um we're kind of like at a like I don't know what they call it like stay at home suggestion like essential jobs are still open but like and more opening but not everything.
Yeah, I think so just like I might see my mom and sister because they're more you know in better health but I think my grandma I'll probably wait and maybe I'll try zoom or Skype with her because I just wouldn't
want
to accent.
I should.
Yeah I have to help give my uncle a call and see if he has it or we'll download it yourself then. Right.
so it
Yeah like shape was always kind of clunky and I didn't like it.
probably moves, it moves a lot. I always felt like when I was talking like my sister does Face Time and she'll be like walking around her house and they're like sit down for a second.
Yeah. I think there's a thing about Skype you like set up an account and activate it where that's nice. Do we just,
Yeah that's easy. Okay.
I'll try
to do thank you.
Yeah and good luck with everything. I hope it goes well for you.