How's it going?
Yeah I just I woke up to it this morning as well so you
will get,
yeah that's right. I actually I'm just one of these as well for that same reason. A couple weeks here. I just woke up after the time. Yeah yeah
Good question. Um I'm not really working at the moment. Um So I've probably I've just been trying to teach myself um bit of coding, trying to learn python at the moment if you've heard of that. Um
Neither really but I'm just like sort of learning, so I've been doing this course so after we get off this I probably um go make a cup of tea and then go and sit down and do some of that. Yeah and then maybe go for a run later in the day.
yeah yeah I'm in Rhode Island,
whereabouts do you know
Arkansas? That's is that um like in the middle?
Oh shit okay. Yeah I was actually just saying to my girlfriend the other day, I'd love to go down to texas, go down to that area are, he looks sick.
I just want to see like, because the northeast, I've been to the west and I've been to the northeast and the Northeast is so populated and sort of um dense um and I want to go down and just like see just expanse because America is so big. I want to actually just go down and see how big it really is. You know, I just don't
tech
the Pentagon Canyon. Yeah, I went last year.
We
did, but we didn't go right down to the Colorado River, we just went um I don't know maybe if they're out of the way. Um yeah, there was just this track and also like maybe an hour or two. Um Let me do that. Yeah,
I don't
know. Text
this
is
sir, I just I think texas looks awesome. That's cool.
yeah yeah what's Arkansas like
Okay. Just them. Is it um is it quite desert? E okay. Mhm.
Oh sure. Oh that's cool, that's
Yeah. Is there are there are lots of hills in Arkansas?
What?
still still does something that's not just flat. Yeah. That's cool. That's cool. Do you like hiking or anything in them?
does it get snow?
I haven't I have I've just moved here so I've only been here for about six weeks so I haven't experienced this scenario yet. Um but I'm looking forward to it,
I looked in I looked in New Zealand for the last 10 years uh
and then before I lived in England, what's that?
I lived in, yeah, I lived in England 10 years in the New Zealand 10 years and then no, I'm here.
Yeah, New Zealand awesome. Yeah, that's
what's up.
Yeah, it's really cool. Um Yeah, it's funny, it's like it depends where you go in New Zealand um like the South Island is just stunning and then the North Island has pockets started all around the country where there's like these hidden gems, but if you just drive through it, a lot of what you see a sort of farmland, so the North Islands like pretty heavily farmed. Um but there's still like amazing beaches and like forests and streams and like yeah amazing amazing wildlife. Um But the kind of like the Lord of the Rings kind of scenery as it's the South Island. Um And and a bit of the Central North Island. Yeah,
well
he revived, I've seen like one or two in my life but they've never been in the wild, they've just been in like sanctuaries. Yeah. Um They're pretty elusive birds.
No no. Yeah It's really rare to see one. Um Yeah but but like that's pretty much most of our wildlife consists of birds, like there's not many, there's no big animals that are native. Um And there's like there's no predators apart from ones that have been introduced like stoats and Jonah storages.
The
it's like a it's like a kind of long um what do you call it? Uh
There's a word for like rent, a rodent. It's a rodent. Yeah so it's like quite kind of, it's maybe like a foot long and um they birds eggs, like they eat a lot of birds, eggs and they attacked birds that can't fly and kiwis can't fly. Um They're kind of they're kind of threatened by the starts but that's like yeah that's like the only predators and they got introduced so before any of that new Zealand's birdlife was like amazing.
You me.
Yeah exactly, they can run really fast. Um They're just like pretty much all leg and a little bit of body and had it just felt like a big big money so they can really fast and I think they've got sharp claws and but they look pretty and they look a picture that they just like fluffy kind of birds.
the ugly doctor.
there's no snakes in New Zealand at all. Um But there is This 30 poison spot is now um wow I think two of them you never really see like red backs, they got introduced from Australia by accident um But if you ask anybody in New Zealand, if there's red back to New Zealand, they'll probably say no because there's just like they're just kind of a very local population like down in the South Island I think it's like you hardly ever see them. Um But and then we have another one called a category which is related to the red backs and it looks pretty much the same except for its the likes, the strike on its back is a different color. Um And I've seen I've seen those before um and then we have another one called a white tail and that that one won't kill you but it will make you got sick. Yeah,
the red back and the catapult are both related to the Black Widow, so they look real similar.
Oh really? Then they weren't making, I felt black borders could kill you.
Yeah. Okay. That's good to know. Yeah.
yeah there's a lot of snakes here the way in the state.
Thanks.
I said um no, I don't know if Australia probably does but new Zealand um I see, I saw a rattlesnake when I was here on the west coast. It was just lying in the park in front of us when we're going for a hike. Yeah. That's pretty cool. Not
no not who he was just lying there. Um and we just walked past him and he was his spiritual. Yeah.
What?
Master.
Oh that's cool. That's cool. Yeah. I actually really like snakes I think that's
Well
you had
a bit that snake uh it's kind of frozen a bit,
I can't see you but I can hear you.
Yeah. So did you say you had a
pet
snake?
did. Yeah.
That's cool, that's cool. What kind of snake
with
mother
is it? That's so cool. Yeah, I honestly I really want to get a snake but it's I live with my girlfriend now and she is really not keen. Yeah, if she, she says if I get a snake then she'll get a spider and I can't stand spiders. Yeah.
Mhm
I know. Yeah, but I think, I think snakes, you know, I don't find them creepy at all.
Yeah. What I'm curious what kind of relationship do you develop with a snake because you know it was a dog or with like a hamster, you can kind of play around with them but with a snake, what's it like? Yeah.
What?
that is so
Yeah man, that's awesome. That's awesome, I'm just going to look up to God and today,
Okay.
Oh yeah. Um And most of them today. Yeah they like quite are they like if your song was going to get a pet snake is that the kind of snake they go for? Usually they put in other known for being fairly chill.
Oh What was
the last
1? A ballpark?
No.
Oh that's pretty good. Okay I think I prefer the idea of a little foot long gotten sick.
That's good. That's good. I'm going to do something and try and convince and then yeah I doubt it will work but I don't know because yeah you literally can't get a pet snake in new Zealand you're not allowed because there aren't any and they don't want them there so
when yeah
so this is the only chance but then you know because I'm going to have to leave in the year. Somebody here for a year. Um Like what what do you what happened to the snake and I would just release it or would I have to give it back to
that
shop?
Ah I'd have to move back to new Zealand.
they like they seem like the kind of animal that would keep their instincts.
Thank you.
I've never had a pet lizard. No.
Yeah I think they maybe, I don't know maybe it has to be some kind should look into that. Yeah. Yeah one of my friends had a bearded dragon which I thought was pretty
They're big as well.
Yeah but I can eat mealworms which are like sort of they don't like little Centipedes. Yeah. Pretty gross.
They like
them.
Okay.
A big like a big bird or a little bit
what?
no.
Yeah I think I feel bad keeping it inside a house or in a cage. Yes you know I did some work for some people back in New Zealand and they had a pet those it was like a it was a little it's like a little yellow parent. Um But I don't think it wasn't like the kind of parent that could talk. Um It was just one that would squeak right you know they kept it in this cage the whole time and I don't know it was really sad um Just saying it in that all the time because it can't do anything you know
So
Yeah I don't know how easily you can toilet train one.
That's it. That's
Probably impossible.
That's what we used to have rabbits when I was maybe about seven or eight. Um a black one. Black 1. Um And yeah I think we used to let it hop around the house as well but only for like a short period of time. Like we'd have to supervise it.
The seed.
That's funny. Yeah I was I was very nice but I was like I was in little kids, I was probably unaware of how it felt. You know I was just having fun.
No, no but we we did have to guinea pigs as well and I know that one of them was I know that both of those are really scared of us. Um They would like one of them quite literally shake with fear um when we go to pick it up. Yeah. Yeah and after about a year it started going white on the, it was like a fudge color, like a caramel color and it started it started getting like gray hairs on the back of it. Yeah. Yeah as she was scared. Um And then we had another one who was a bit more aggressive but you can tell that that neither of them really likes being picked up.
good.
Um They just kind of squeak. Um They're just like repetitive lee sweet but it's not that loud. Um Yeah
yeah but they're pretty they're pretty fun animals but like just like kind of giant hamsters really
after.
Oh wow. How were they what were they eating? Well they're just eating like pellets.
Shit.
My 29 minutes but I but I started that I think a little bit before. Um Well I think we should be good. Yeah.
Um Yeah it's 10 25 now and I think they've all done that like 10 10 and 10 oh one or something.
Oh okay. Oh you know different times though
Um Well one sometimes. Yeah I think there might be different time zones in Australia.
It's
pretty big. It's almost the size of the States.
It's yeah it's like it's actually really similar size. It's maybe like I don't know what the figures are but yeah. Uh Yeah but yeah I think we're doing on time so yeah. Really
talk
to
you.
Thanks
thanks and looking up smokes. All right thank you