mhm Oh, mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What? Yeah. Okay. Oh, okay. Yeah. Right. Mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm Hi,
Pretty good. I didn't realize. I was like, they rescheduled me like just this morning for my, um, like this chat. So I was like, oh my and I do like log on in like 10 minutes.
I've got
like my email first thing this morning, otherwise I would completely miss it.
I, what are you, what is your normal day look like after this? Yes,
I've heard it. I have no idea how to use it, but I definitely recognize it.
Oh yeah. Where do you live? Do you live in the US?
Okay. I haven't been to the island, but I heard it's really pretty
Arkansas.
Yeah, it's the right smack in the middle and like, I think like right between texas and florida.
What do you want to in texas or just like?
Well then
if she got maybe like Arizona and new Mexico like the Grand Canyon and all that so.
Well did you like hike down in it or did you just
like.
I've
heard
it. Oh
sir
Hugo.
It's such a big state that like I guess you really piece like if you get closer to like the mexican border, you know it's much different than if you look at the top north and it is really bearing like there's just not much because there is so much land so like Dallas and Houston are both really fun. Are both really good cities or at least I think they're good cities.
Um Well I live one going to school in two hours south of where I live. I live in Bentonville, which is like um the headquarters of walmart. So I don't, I know you got like there's nothing Walmarts in the northeast area but it is like a big deal. So a lot of people there for walmart and around the country and like world that work there. So we have like a lot of music sponsors. I really, I really like love where I live, but I wouldn't want to live in else in Arkansas besides where I live specifically.
No, it's pretty forest. It's called like, like she has a good little like motto and were called like the natural state. So it is heavily forested. Yeah.
So I guess down in like the really south part of the United States is called like the delta and it's really flat and it's a lot of agriculture. So if you get The law of the southern states it is pretty flat. But I want to call it that 15 per se.
Yeah, we have a couple like mountain ranges and when I say like mountain ranges, they're not like the Colorado Mountains are like the Rocky mountains, but they are mild mountains I guess I would say. I don't really know what the right turn, but they're pretty low.
They're not aggressive.
Yeah. I like hacking in the right temperature. I don't really like I came in like the super heat is really my cup of tea. So I like hiking during like the fall of the string and stuff. But yeah.
Uh yeah I live like the very north part of Arkansas so we do get snow sometimes. Not nearly as much as you guys do that like once or twice. Your usual.
Where did you like move before? Rhode Island?
It's
is that we like, Did you grow up in news? So you just lived there for 10 years?
Did you like new Zealand?
I heard it.
I heard it's kind of like underrated like people appreciate how great the new Zealand is.
Do you see a lot of
kiwi birds?
Okay. That's not always thought they were like much more common than I guess they are.
I'm not
sure. Is that like a type of cat?
You know that?
I guess like when you're a flightless bird, you do have a pretty elusive.
We have no like natural defenses against predators. Do you predict on your feet?
Yeah. I always thought they looked really old. I mean they are not as cute as like the name implies, like kiwi birds, you think they're getting really cute and kind of an ugly, cute, you know, They're so ugly looking cute.
Yeah. Yeah, ugly tackling up new Zealand it's like a lot of poisonous animals because like, we think of like Australia, like I know they're like not touching or anything, but like eating a lot of like poisonous snakes and stuff. Is there any like a lot of poisons and
And I don't know if you have them in Rhode Island, but we have two types here. We have like the Black Widow.
Yeah, so like the Black Widow here has like a diamond on his back and it's like a little red and like the brown recluse, but neither like, you'll get like a reaction. Um It's sort of like really bad people like lose a patch of their skin, like. Yes, but most of the times you get it like it's not a huge deal like I was still going to if I knew, but if I didn't know, I would just think I had a right fielder spider bite.
I've never heard of. Anyone might die from a Black Widow bite. I mean I've heard of people a severe reaction to it. I never heard anyone dying.
one less thing to worry about.
There are yeah. I'm not
like this for different here than they aren't there I'm sure. But you guys have like rattlesnakes.
You didn't get to hear anything.
Most of the shell here it unfortunately like most people around here can't tell between like a venomous snake and a non venomous snake so they just
kill everything and then they wonder why they have a problem. So
but there are like lots of non venomous snakes here as well. So I found one of my backyard a couple of last year and just like relocated it.
The I
had a when I was a kid.
What?
Oh yeah. Is it better in our
uh let me try to reload the screen. This is a couple of times better. Cool.
I
did.
Yeah. Did you ever read um charlotte's web? Yeah
well that was when the books I read as a kid and charlotte and charlotte's web bugs in my snake, a cricket. So I called her charlotte. Yeah. Yes,
it was
just like a garden snake. So she was like a bright green, she was by like a foot long
book.
Not really
much of a compromise,
no. Yeah, no they're not like slimy, like people always think they're like slimy, they're not really, they're not slamming. There's kind of like actually
think she definitely behave
differently with who she was with, but you know, like snakes can feel your blood pressure. So like it was being held by someone who was really nervous. She could feel that and that definitely made her more like Anstey. But with me we're always like super, pretty relaxed. So a lot of times she wrapped around my wrist and just like hang out there,
she was really comfortable with like being held and like stuff like that.
there's a ton different kinds coming like just about every color. So I thought I got mine from like a Petco, but they're really hard. Yeah. Yes. Tell
them like online. So make on their, well maybe that's where your girlfriend to agree with you. They only eat crickets.
Yeah. I think most people go for a corn snake, which is bigger and the nice. So that's the thing that most people go with, my mom just couldn't bear the thought of like feeding the snake a mouse because you can buy them frozen or you can buy them live. And I think that just like crushed her poor little heart and that's what it made me feel bad. Too bad to get the sink a mouse. So that's why I went all the version. But I think most people buy corn snake or like a ball python.
All
python.
Yeah, they, they mean snakes will grow as big as you
feed them in like the size of their environment. But both of those snakes, they probably get maybe two or three ft.
Yeah. So garden snake or like something called a garter snake, like G A R. T. Or so you might look and they come to like all sorts of different colors and breeds and stuff.
understandable.
Yeah.
Where
are you moving
back to?
Yeah. Well if you buy one from like a person who breathes snakes, I don't know. I guess you probably have to talk to them. I don't know how naturally they can do some river to like to living. So I'm not, you're on like how you would do that with, like, I'm sure like they probably are more naturally able to regress back to living in the wild and other animals. But if they never lived in the wild, that might be a little bit of a shock. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm.
Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Or you heavy
lizard or something.
Maybe you could take that back to new Zealand. Maybe they'll let you take a lizard.
These are cool. Yeah.
I don't know. What did they did like, just like bugs. I guess
who
I
always thought like I would never get a bird but I always thought it was cool how you can train them and stuff. Mm.
Yeah.
I guess more like one of those like like a parrot or something
that you can that are really highly intelligent ones that you can train and like teach how to like speak and stuff. I always thought that was, but I don't think I
certainly want to have a bird with me all the time. So.
I know some people let
them run around their houses, you know, and I just have a kind of free range but then you know you have birth everywhere, so. Mhm.
My mom has a rabbit and it's like litter box train so it hops around her house. Mhm. Uh huh.
But I don't know how easily litter box trained wrap that birds.
Probably impossible. Yeah.
We can't leave. She goes she hangs out her laundry room because she like pluck the rugs. I don't know why she does, but she does. Was your
nice piece are like my rabbit. He loves my mom but she hates me.
You didn't know that the rabbits true feelings about you.
There were they pretty like, like I always
think it could be because it's being pretty like vocal.
Mm.
I like how sit her family that had hamsters and
like they had a vitamin C deficiency so they would lose their hair so I would have get them drops so like they would get their vitamin C. So they wouldn't like just be like little hairless guinea pigs.
Yeah they had pellets and then they had like they ate like peppers and they had some veggies and stuff so I don't know where the vitamin C deficiency came from. They were like freaking
game for I can't see you. I'm gonna try to reload the screen if you can hear me. Mhm. So I'm looking at her timer for on the other page and mine says like 2:56, which is like not as long as it's been, does your say the right time? Yeah.
Mhm.
so yeah this is like 10 o'clock, there is nine o'clock here. So
Is that different? Did you guys have different times zones in new Zealand? Yeah.
I bet there is.
That's a pretty big place. Yeah.
That's so weird.
Let's talk
to
you
to have a great day. Have fun. Learning icon. Sounds
stop.
Bye.