Hello.
Right are you doing today?
I'm doing awesome. Just pretty much being working
on my
own work all day. So I just yeah I've been a week since probably eight AM or something and I've been just doing homework all day long. I couldn't even go to church because they do so. Yeah.
Yeah. So
what part of the U. S. Do we live in deliver?
Oh I see I I
live in charleston Illinois
because that's where. Yeah.
No I love it. Just Illinois but
my family is based in Chicago so I go there for like the brakes and everything like that but like I school over here so just go back there. Yeah. Yeah
this
is actually my second time actually
doing there. Um Yeah I did I didn't want yesterday and I didn't know you could do it like two times so they were like oh you can do it six times were really company. Let me try one more time because my my my interview of all time, I didn't get everybody. So I was just in there for like 10 minutes. Nobody came. Okay,
I got to do it one more time. Then you're like, oh you can do with advanced, Oh shit, okay, thank you. I'm gonna
do it.
This is my first time actually to home, I don't really know. Yeah,
so
I just read it. I didn't read it the first nine just like the next time I read and I was like, oh, six times. Cool, cool. So the weekend going, um I'm having a fantastic weekend. What?
I said,
I mean
damn.
Yeah, it's pretty much cold over here as well. So well yesterday I was just empty or oh, they like doing nothing, but I just have to wake up because some of my own
work to do tonight. So I'm like okay, I got to do that but
on friday,
so I currently am an acting student, I made her in many minor, much Matthew or lieutenant. I kind of don't like kitchen,
I don't like tension. So
I found out like halfway into my college life I found like, oh I'm not going, I'm not going to teach people out. So I was like, oh no, what do I want to do? Because I did minor in physics to major in mathematics, so I was like, you know, I could just probably do something to do with like engineering or whatever, you know? But it was something I could just like change it back then. But I don't know, I just waited until like I was
done then, you know, I just had to like to, Happiness is now what I do with my master after they go back again. True, but um everything all over again, but just that I already have some background.
So it's like I have to like step from the beginning, you know? I just ask that halfway and just everything up. So I sound like we only have more years to go that, you know, I could say goodbye to because like, you know. Yeah.
matches pretty much fun for me. I like 12 mats question
was physics. But I don't like biology. About you. What anything biology from really from my side wave. It's matt physics. A little bit of chemistry. I'll probably help you out that. Yeah, that's me. Excuse me. So I returned today on the internet.
Yes. No, I love you eating like eating anything today.
Yeah. Yeah. That's what it's going. Oh,
well.
Yeah. I feel like most times you what we've been doing really eat in sunday's onto like midnight like in the meantime, like, like that, you know, sometimes because I'm like, I'm like, you know what I'm doing homework so I'm not really had time to just, but after describing, I just can't eat something and then go back to my own work again. So you know, it's pretty rock career.
yeah, I could have done that. I could have probably done them like a little bit Ellie, but I just left him because I didn't really think it was gonna be the hard for me to pick them up. Sometimes. It just takes like a couple of hours just finished up something and it sucks. But it's whatever it's part of life and distant.
Yeah. Well, I mean it's a new week. I'm kind of excited a little bit. I don't know, I don't know for some reason, just actually moving in a week.
It just feels like something that is
going to happen. But I don't know you better think this
happened because all my weeks, I was always the same. It's just like the same. Like I'm
repeating like the week after and after and after and over again. But for some reason I'm not happy about the new week. Just hopefully it goes well. No, bad news. Nothing. Nothing we can say. Oh thank God, nothing like that. Yeah. Do you have a pet? Do you have any pets?
Two
dogs who
How much is like a cat? Cat?
Yeah, so much. But usually like dogs a little bit. I love dogs when I was growing up
because my family, we never had dogs, but my grand power on a dog. So whenever I go to the place I'll always play with his dog, like also keep bubble blob and growing up my mom during like that, that's a maybe not really like us to go over
the past one year. I just really fucking in love with that with the behave the way that in California. Uh you know, I was so hopefully I'm done with all my color stuff. I can one or two. Um probably just have my own place. Let's move in and get myself. What happened? Mhm
Oh, can you provide a problem? Yeah. Sit there, sit there. What
did you press something? It's okay. Oh yeah, I mean that's fine. I probably just
left
those
things.
I guess.
Yeah. I was gonna wait for like for like five minutes or so and I was like, oh, she comes back giving out probably the school is one thing.
Go eat something
myself.
kinda
I don't know your three o'clock, I mean we like eat like five PM so I'm not really that hungry today and I've been just, I just want to finish the homework and just get down with
to be honest. So right now food is now might please right now. I just want to do my own work and go eat something later later or so. But yeah, I love moving forward and I,
what are the chief for two years now? Like permanent full time though? Like whatever. I'm, I'm on breaks, I just go walk for a change. It's a, it's an italian restaurant, downtown Chicago. So I just go there, ask my boss and just like a can you kind of get the job? I was like, okay, sure, sure, sure. And I get back to work for the, for like 33 to 4 weeks, let me go back to school again. And it's been
kind of fun just because growing up, my mom didn't really like me in the kitchen. She was like, no, no guys in the kitchen for some treasures. And so I never in the kitchen that March or when I got
to college like stomach to my stuff because I didn't like like, well there's nothing at the county fair over there. So I would like to start making my own food. I always like videos are online. I just follow the steps and everything. Sometimes it might be good. Sometimes it's
kind of
boring
to them. But I remember like there's one time my friend works asian was an asian. Do you have a chemistry class? Remember remember living in the same as I am you as a freshman. So amazing. Like this fried rice with chicken and everything and nobody, I'm kind of like, and more spicy stuff. I intend it is spicy, but I forgot that, you know, you just kind of vision more Most of the most, unless you're probably black a little bit, you definitely like spicy stuff. Most of you don't really like spiking stuff, but I forgot to cover them. Forget about it and made it super 60
and a little time. And I mean he had this chicken more ball when he was into the rice, you can see his face was
all red
and I just like to apologize. I was like, yeah, I'm sorry dude, like I didn't really like that. Everyone gets okay. Okay. So after I'm looking for anybody, make sure it's not, its
fault because
I don't like you, I don't want to write up into you two. Yes,
I could go
in there and the spices
and
just gonna
help me.
Yeah and and sometimes you're just like oh it too much because I was like wow wow, you've got so much, Oh no, you just got to be a little bit, you have to go to crazy and uh it's whatever it's well it's what I remember.
do you have a kid? Oh no
you do
as a boy
or
girl
yeah. Oh true. I mean everyone has different types of life so I can't look at anybody. I don't think anybody can look down on me and I feel
sad because we're all different so
I don't really care as long as you put forward just
trying
to make yourself
happy,
trying
to Yeah, I mean yeah, I
don't think, I don't think so far it doesn't feel like whatever I learned is gonna be useful. I feel like, you know if if I learn something, I don't feel like at the end of the day it's going to be as impactful as I thought it would be like, oh, it just feels like the money I spent on college,
probably like half of it. That's what I'm gonna get back. You know?
Like I feel like
out.
Yeah, I'm
going to
get everything.
But
no.
there is no
joke.
No.
I mean
more Well, yeah, I mean that's life, that's what I think and just like the money, the struggle
to get the money
just to pay
everything off looking like that just
feels
like you just waste it just be like, oh, I'm just going to get like I will be back because you know, I don't think most of everything I'm glad it's going to be used for at the end of the day. Well yeah, it's like that's where life is. You got to keep moving forward and just open,
everything gets better, you know, at some point. So, So I was doing the coronavirus
over
there.
Yeah, I know.
I don't know.
I am like,
come in right. Yeah, I got it. You can like sit down. Yeah.
You drive through
Jack
with that.
minus.
but begins in a moment. Why? Why?
Well, I guess that's my daughters for you. Well, over here and over it's very much the same. But I mean the
kids are kind of
going
up
over here to
my college
and everything.
They
have never
done
remarkable.
I mean.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But I feel like what would have probably helped way better is if initially people had listened, just don't do that. Because
I feel like even though most people dead, there are some people that are kind of like, you know, not
really doing whatever
and just
kind of
made
everything,
you know like like when the lockdown
started they were like, oh you just have to stay at home and the only time you can go
out, which
is like when you want
to get groceries
and
it was like that.
Yeah. But the thing is that I myself like that
I'm going to say we're at the home for the entire month.
They
have
been going
to
this
job
for three.
Couldn't
be
Yeah. You know, it was struggling but there were some people that do that. The people that kept going
out even
though they
were originally
other it
and
and put
on
to
do.
Well
every time,
you
know.
No, no,
no,
no,
you're
not getting along then. Is that Let's say 100% of the people. Oh we
gotta cargo lockdown 100% and 70% dead. 20% didn't
do it
and
don't want no no I'm not I'm not talking about people
couldn't
do it that some people
we just
didn't do it. Okay.
Just
we're not
gonna
see that's the thing we are we're all free to do whatever. That's the thing I'm saying we're free to do whatever. But until everybody can do that thing together
that's when it's gonna work out. So that's what I'm trying to say. Like if everybody had done it
it
would have
helped
the situation
better
than
it
is
now.
And start
what I'm saying like most of the hands and the idea that most people wouldn't
it's what
made it worse
because
some
people
might be
feeling like oh
worse
now.
What
finishing what's in when you compare it to like other countries. When you copy it to like other countries even though we can probably don't know what the politics is looking like in
other countries.
When
you compare
it to
other
countries.
I've been to it. My country, I didn't grow
up with
us.
I
grew
up somewhere else
and I could I've been
here
before
the
corona
stuff. Like
I've been
here for like section.
What do
you say?
The
parents? I know I grew up there.
I know what these people can do. I know from facts
that these people could change anything. They could
you know gain the numbers of they could do anything they want. Just I'm talking about the government. I'm not talking about the people. I'm talking about the
government
make you do anything. They want
just
to prove
two people
that Oh
I'm
see they're not getting it. We don't think is that was
any country to change the numbers up just to prove anything you want to prove. You know the contrary grew up in I feel like the change those
numbers
out
just to lock people in. And the government from where I grew up in there are good people. They just
want to
steal the old money, corrupt all
the stuff
and don't get back to the people and these people and those people I think it's better over here. Yes there it's over it's different like worse, way worse. So you know these people have to live your life. You have to go out to feed your family even though the government was supporting them doing anything for them. So you know those people as I saw the number is going up
and up at first they were kind of scared
but I got to the point where they even no care the more you just went out and I feel like department increasing those numbers just to keep those people inside, you know, as soon, I don't know because at the time I'm here to explain at the time, like top celebrities at the country donated morning. Like it's just like over like probably 10 billion, 10 billion until today. Nobody knows where that money is, what they did with that money. We don't know where, we don't know how, we don't know anything about it. The government didn't think it doesn't do anything. So I felt like, yeah, I feel like, you know, we just wanted to just do everything. They have power to just, you know, embedded or whatever. They could embezzle one time. So, you know, some people, you know, I feel like that's what I'm saying. I put them in the screen. I'm just saying like, you know, the current governor, the government, you know, did that so that they could do anything they
want to do and for other countries, like they're probably doing better in terms of corner, I'll break and everything like that
at first. Probably when you were growing up and it's like, oh, you guys need to pack yourself, go back inside and everything like that. Most of you probably look at it. You can say that probably most of the people We went back inside actually did it like 100% faithfully then go out and do anything. And I feel like, I don't know, I just feel like,
you know, it's not probably, it's not possible anybody, everybody can do the same thing. You want to live your life the way you want to live in. So
you know,
everybody, I probably
don't that it probably helped
but
as the
world
would haven't.
what?
No, but I
don't think that's
where virus won't even if
down a little
bit of
erIC
most
people just
say
the reason I feel like they did that you got a plan because
I feel like if you're sending everybody out like
it's a virus out there, you don't panic. You know like oh look at the government have like any plan for us, you just wanted to die out there because even if you are thinking um lt I don't know, I probably,
I want to check up like once a year. You know, I
never
I
don't
know how I'm doing
more.
I never
thought of that.
Yeah. I feel like most people everything covid like most people like if you have like a
villainous
care
to
coughing,
you know, just Oh
I
mean,
well, yeah,
not
Well, all angry.
It was, it was it was not really understood. Well, the government didn't really do so well to help anybody out because I just feel like just kept us in there for
Almost
two
months,
you know, nothing again.
But I mean the government for you think anybody you vote
in there
could do whatever
they
want to
do,
to
be honest.
Quick.
So is that's the thing you can predict what's going to happen.
You know,
life
can be
funny
sometimes.
What
I'm not
I'm
not
talking
about
the coronavirus.
You think?
Yeah. What, what's going to happen?
That's
why
you have to know it's going to happen
when
that's
what I'm
saying.
That's
our
Oh no. that's not what I mean. What I was born is that live sometimes can be funny. You never know what's gonna happen and when something happened you can either change that or you just let it be. So
just nine. Yeah, true.
But yeah, you know the current advice has been kind of crazy. I don't know anybody like, like kind of like a relative what's
gotten
into.
You don't
I
don't know anybody who comes to me. No, I don't know. I don't know friends that I did, but I didn't go out girl. I don't want to I never like went out. I was like july and I get a drug because that's get each other with them after the user and whatever. I was coming back to school
again. So I needed
money and stuff like that. Well now that's kind of what we're doing a query now, everything is going well school,
it's a little bit Okay, well I for it
into the story.
No,
that's
good. So yeah, I'll
do
that because I'm there
do this kind of
stuff, this
kind of
stuff,
you
know?
I don't
read
any terms,
I don't really
Small.
Uh Good. That's good. Wait, it's the time up
because I
don't really anymore.
Well
I know
we're kind of like, Oh we got a minute and 10 seconds. Okay, okay,
so uh what are your plans? Do you
have
any pants or anything to
do for the
Well
we'll
go to the
schools
go
go.
Mhm. I mean I put about doing my voice is happening like either
Thursdays on friday because stuff like that. Yeah, but I'm also said they put a new week probably, we found out about your friend and fellow this week or something. Uh, we can probably
go boring
behind
for some time.
I love bowling. Like I'm a really, really good about it. Like my
eyes like 140 something that's
older.