SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah, we'll be back because Mhm. Yeah. Yeah charlie parker. So what do you think? General? Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Support. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah true. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. No. Okay. Okay. What? Yeah. Uh Hi tables uh getting to know my daughter. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Don't you think? Okay. Okay. I mean Okay. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. All right. Right. I'm taking no. Yeah. Right. Oh. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Do you think? Uh huh. Okay. What? Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah, activity now. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah mm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hi how are you?
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. This is
SPEAKER_R: Sorry,
SPEAKER_L: so weird stories because so where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from L. A. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: nice. I'm from scenario. Yeah. That's kind of cool. Oh man. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: have family from the last yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I actually have friends from L. A. That's so funny. Um What part in L. A. Are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: like Wessel area.
SPEAKER_L: okay my friends live in like korean town so. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: she's like yeah I haven't seen her in a while but I said
SPEAKER_R: 20 minute drive depending on traffic away from me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. It's crazy nice. How is it out there right now? Is it really hot? I'm sure it is
SPEAKER_R: Um It's been it's been kind of hot recently. Um But I mean L. A. Is kind of always moderate in the same temperature. So
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: lucky. Like I really want that Chicago is just always stream. Yeah it's actually really cool out today. Um Like weirdly it's usually like really bad and like this time so like I don't know it's not too bad actually went for a run earlier so it wasn't too bad. I'm carly by the way,
SPEAKER_R: Daughter.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you there and have you ever done anything? Have you ever done any of these before?
SPEAKER_R: I've been doing prolific for like a month, so yeah, but I haven't done like a live one, so this is interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Me too. Same. Exactly. I literally a month like probably to the day and yeah, different. Very different. I didn't
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: know like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: sorry
SPEAKER_L: Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: So go ahead and you know what I can say?
SPEAKER_R: I was the first day um like what's your like what do you do? Like what's your profession? Are you again?
SPEAKER_L: I'm yeah, I'm a teacher's assistant. Um and I'm going back to school to be a special education teacher. Yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: Are you teachers assessment for like university or?
SPEAKER_L: um I work as a like um kind of like a one on one age for students with special needs at a high school. So yeah, when you hear teacher's assistant you think like the person who graze paper is probably in like a grand setting, so yeah, unfortunately that would be cooler. Probably. Uh huh. But it's okay. What about
SPEAKER_R: But actually what I did. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: really? You're you're a T. A. Oh nice. What in what? Something? Syria
SPEAKER_R: Um So I studied public health but I'm a ta for uh statistics class in public health. So it's like um
SPEAKER_L: Ashton?
SPEAKER_R: like pretty much like the basics of our programming and then um we like conceptualize like starts within that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. That's got to be like really tough so and very interesting. Probably right now for you, I'm
SPEAKER_R: I mean very very relative definitely. But um
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: it's a tough beach, that's why I was late because I had the office hours and so I was like I went over time a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no worries, that's fine. That's really cool though and I get the online platform thing too. I um I've been working a lot with students like on zoom and stuff and it's like, it's okay. It's just not like in person which what are you better, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Especially because we have like 300 kids in the class, so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: oh my gosh. Oh wow, there's a lot of people. Oh man. Um That's so crazy. Are they like closing up everything right now in L. A. By the way? Because I, I've been trying to follow along, but I know they've been like opening and reopening.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's just a back and forth. Um Like my my mom works in like like for her like she does her, she's a hairstylist and like her work just constantly been like opening and closing right now she can't work
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: and like another group random weight will be like, oh you can open again, she'll go and then she'll come back because they close it down. Um It's just kind of like a mess because they keep opening and closing like specific parts of it, but like like already. So I like I don't even know what's open right now because they always change it.
SPEAKER_L: right. Yeah, it's like, mhm that's gonna stink too because like your mom probably is like anticipating like what certain factors are going to like, you know, just like from like boy, you're hearing from officials and stuff like what making it worse and like, and then try and anticipate that like that her work might close. Like it's just hi guys gotta be very stressful
SPEAKER_R: it is.
SPEAKER_L: general.
SPEAKER_R: I thought you know when they are working like they're just getting less people because like you need to like separate them like by time and love so it's only shoes up up fully anyways. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's gonna be like really unpredictable. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean for everyone,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. At least you get like probably free haircuts and stuff. That's kind of nice. I don't know
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: if you
SPEAKER_R: members.
SPEAKER_L: live with her or. Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: like like she's so like like cutting people's hair like at our house in other people's houses Because Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: that's from Martha
SPEAKER_R: I mean I feel like I kind of like against the point of closing down right Because like they're still like you're still going to
SPEAKER_L: when.
SPEAKER_R: be doing work. It's just and even less controlled environment than it would be. That islam. But Oh
SPEAKER_L: Right. That's so funny because like, people think that like salon, I was thinking like, oh man, it must be so much better to do it at home, but it really isn't because yeah, like you said like it's more controlled um when everything started opening up finally in Chicago, like I decided to like go get my hair cut because I'm like, you know, it's just getting so bad like and it was so like they were so good about taking precautions, like you had a country, you had to use a mask and like um yeah, he's their masks, like they gave you a disposable one and like they were very like um you know, they didn't allow people in unless you an appointment. So like there's another kind of cool factor is that like, you know, they were like no like limiting the number of people in the room at the time and like they didn't allow these people who wanted to come in just to like inquire about like a walking or something like that. Even let them in there like sorry, you don't have an appointment with us like you know, it was like okay like maybe that's actually not so bad, like maybe that's what we should be doing but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It seems like the precautions were fined and like they had like the thermometer but they were like at their head and stuff and like check their temperature the hope there are.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's weird. We didn't have, we should have that though. It's been like
SPEAKER_R: I think the thing in our state or something that they have to do that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense. Yeah. I don't know. And now like I don't know how California is about going back to school and stuff like it is such a mess because like God, right, like I'm sure with universities and stuff like what university are you at? Just out of curiosity?
SPEAKER_R: I do the broadway.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, nice. Cool. That's a good school. I I'm getting my student teaching out of the way um frank can do it this fall, but at Dominican um the in the suburbs of Illinois so um but yeah, that's that's really cool. Yeah, wow, that should be really interesting. What you do. Is there a specific niche you're interested in doing um um in like public health? Mm.
SPEAKER_R: I like haven't discovered like what exactly I want to like focus on for research but um right now I'm just working on covid stuff so like my the school health at Berkeley is doing um we're doing like a like a really big study in the Bay Area. Uh we have like 5-6000 participants and we like send them You send them gets a really like two months so it's a 10 month study. Um We just and um yeah it's really cool I just started it and I'm gonna count a couple of professors and we're just like collecting all this data from everyone in the bay and then we're gonna like do some like analysis later,
SPEAKER_L: That's so cool. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: I kind of like geek out over that stuff but that's just like uh I like, you know like about the prolific is like and this is the geek I thinking and I think you might understand but like the validity stuff they do like it's kind of interesting like how they like and like I think it's margin of like confidence or something when they test like how how confident are you? Like they find like indirect ways of like asking you these things like if you were to meet a celebrity um that you love or something like this, how like one of the questions was like the other day I took on political was like um You know if the celebrity was standing on a sidewalk and they were like endorsing your products like a like a product, how much would you want that product? Like one through 10? Like it was kind of like an indirect way of like testing
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: like confidence.
SPEAKER_R: might have been uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah right? Those are so like, I don't know, I feel like there's such get such good insight and like how to like genuinely find like valid like questions and stuff which is like interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Number one with uh what's his name? He was an artist. Uh It was john legend. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, interesting. Actually my undergrad was art history, so that was kind of, yeah, it's very random. But um yeah, that's so funny and I like there was one on an art one which is really cool too. They like which one do you like more? And I think they end up telling you like you like abstract expressionism like based on your studies and like, wow, it's like super interesting like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know that one too.
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: I like it a lot because um because it's all university and I like support. I've seen birthday come up a few times. I'm like, oh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And that's like, oh that's so interesting. Like when I see that like yeah, like oh this is a Harvard study and like, so this is where they're doing that. Like these are the platforms are using like
SPEAKER_R: No, I didn't know like any of this existed until I was like super bored at home doing nothing. Just decided come on line. Make a little more money. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's just good extra like hash like my mom's like rolling her eyes because she's like, but how long have you been like honest, and like like, well I mean like $40 like in a month. And just like, like how long have you been on? And I'm like, it's really not that much. Do you think about like, like just sitting down doing nothing? Like you might as well be making a couple of sons and stuff and like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: two days like I just I I leave the top open and just like um I like let them come and you know how the way there's an extension on chrome to use that to.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I don't. I show it. I don't
SPEAKER_R: It's just
SPEAKER_L: know. You can use
SPEAKER_R: notified
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: when there's a new study.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, nice. Okay. I need to get that. Can you do that for like your phone too? I'm sure you can
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: like, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: become my phones. I'm not sure. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Actually,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: I also check that
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: group.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not like always at my desk and I should see. But like, I guess I will be soon like once I do remote learning. But like I would love to like yeah I get that kind of extension because I just, you know, it adds up and like other surveys and stuff like survey web place don't give you as like much. Like I feel they don't pay as well. They really are. They're just not as like um
SPEAKER_R: They don't.
SPEAKER_L: consistent yeah. Or interesting, you know?
SPEAKER_R: No I did I did like turk for a little bit and I hated it. And remember I did like you me or something right?
SPEAKER_L: Like all these, yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: know. This one's a lot better. I feel.
SPEAKER_L: it's so much more like reliable. I feel like um
SPEAKER_R: Have you have you tried doing using the scale
SPEAKER_L: Oh no it's that chief scout.
SPEAKER_R: D. Scout like d like out with the dean front um map that I use and pretty much you're able to like sign up for for studies but it's like a it's kind of like a journal entry study. So Um uh and and the like except like 10 people or something for like a certain like um so we want to know how to use technology in your in your life or something. And like they're always sponsored like they feel like it'll be like tell us about when google failed you and like it's obviously like sponsored by google and so then I've done like four of those in the past month and made like Like 3 50 or something.
SPEAKER_L: How much?
SPEAKER_R: 3 50. So like one
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: oh it's like it's a 1-2 weeks study right? Like every day. I just journal, I like like video myself for a minute talking about like back. It's so it's $150 study.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's so good
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: to see
SPEAKER_R: had a lot
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: of it. So I opened a lot.
SPEAKER_L: I gotta try that. I'm actually an abdominal that like right after this. Do you scout um Call? I'll look into that because I just like to have a study for um neutral system Um through this place nearby. Um so like bio for this. And it's like a nutritional science kind of like like clinic um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and it for $375 for
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: four weeks. Yeah. I mean obviously inflation you know you got to kind of take account but um free food you know like and it's like a really nice like incentive like compensation wise I'm like okay like all I have to do is go in like literally like six times I think into the clinic and it's like man man like really easy money. Um But they like take your blood and stuff was a little a little uh little in time.
SPEAKER_R: you think that's funny right?
SPEAKER_L: probably like you're selling your plan as well but it's like yeah
SPEAKER_R: I found like a quick study online of this company is like trying to test their beverage and they just like Sent me two packages of their drink And
SPEAKER_L: b
SPEAKER_R: they're like, they just want feedback and they're paying me like $85 or something.
SPEAKER_L: wow man, I gotta go that. I think I just you know, I had a christ list add to um I looked at, I was looking at some researchers, um research studies looking for volunteers and there was a couple beverages one and I had like, I don't know if this is legit because I've never done it off craigslist, but I should
SPEAKER_R: Just one.
SPEAKER_L: give us a,
SPEAKER_R: I mean they haven't paid them finished it, but they they sent this stuff to me, so I'm just
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: like poison. Oh, like, oh, I don't care. Whatever all going down corona. That's so funny man. That's kind of cool though. So like
SPEAKER_R: how much has been the Candy Scout? Like that's have like narratives on to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's kind of cool. I gotta check that out because all that stuff it really adds up. Like I'm just like literally like saving everything and putting in like an envelope and like it's going to try to get a new laptop like because I don't know I'm supposed to be moving soon and with my boyfriend and like I'm like, man, this is gonna be like really like stressing it with teacher aide salary but and like also paying for school and everything but I'm like I don't believe in loans and like I don't know I'm trying to like save extra this way and it's been yet isn't good at all.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's smart. I feel like it definitely does that up. Um I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: feel like even like, like small expenses and like enjoying yourself, but I don't like you don't do anything. Might as well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah right? Like it's all the downtime like that's the thing like my mom was like telling me like oh my god like she got me into surveys like a long time ago and she was like a teacher and kind of goes hand in hand. But like she was like yeah like You know if you keep at it like you'll get a $40 survey here, $60 servant like. Yeah but like if you keep at this like you consistently and like it's like it's just consistent and it's like I don't know it's like that whole like Chinese water torture is like eventually like little bits at a time, like gets there. But I don't know. That's a good analogy. Yeah. Like it's overtime, like consistent. Um, I feel like you can do really well as opposed to like getting really like discouraged and like calling in all these like 45 dollars surveys that like, I'm like, oh, I'm sorry you said the wrong thing and it's like, you know, no go. But yeah, I don't know. Clinical. And you said like, what was your specialty again? I'm sorry. I'm totally, um, you were doing statistics, but like one in, uh, specifically, uh, for public health.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I mean the classroom teaching is is that's and and are like the programming language. Um
SPEAKER_L: in programming language.
SPEAKER_R: it's in programming, so so are is a
SPEAKER_L: I see.
SPEAKER_R: like python, it's like a differently so are, yeah, I want to say I'm in a Master's program right now. Um and that that program is a Masters in public health and epidemiology and biostatistics.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And that's like the origins of disease,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah epidemiology is like the like how disease spreads within populations and then bio stat is like basically like the quantitative measures of of like disease spread. Um All right. Yeah. It's a little complicated sometimes but um it's a one year program so I'm just going to be doing like an accelerated program pretty much and I'm
SPEAKER_L: Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: not really re semester.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you have the latest buster? It's so clear.
SPEAKER_R: Um No so I I just graduated from undergrad from Berkeley and then this program it's a plus one year so I pretty much go back to Berkeley and get my Masters in one year.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's awesome. Is this, what do the coronavirus kind of interest like sway you at all into going into that? Because it's just so ironic that like
SPEAKER_R: Before actually which is very ironic. Okay
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's like, that's like really on the nail were
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: like what you're doing. I feel like
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: like the origins and the spread of disease. Uh It's cool though.
SPEAKER_R: I like I got I got unlucky from just like the the nuances of the pandemic. But in terms of my career it worked out. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: My God shows.
SPEAKER_R: Mr knowledge.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, I'm so sure. That's so great. Is there anything interesting or knew you would recommend or um, be interested in like sharing at all? Because I'm like, I'm a geek with that stuff like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that at all. Yeah. Like is there anything like the, like a misconception that you would, you know the public, I don't know thinks about it. But it's like otherwise,
SPEAKER_R: so many. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What's your favourite one
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: of them?
SPEAKER_R: I think the biggest one, like not the obvious one of the biggest one is like what the results of an antibody test means. Uh
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: We don't we don't know exactly what it means that we don't know if we have immediately to it once we get it and so you're still a possibility that you can get it even if you bought it back in february or March and both. So are the study that we're using right now. We we test their blood and their saliva for antibody and for like to see the diseases in their system at the moment. Um But what we haven't told people whether or not they have antibodies because then like some people might have some sense of like immunity and like go out to the world and think that they're like immune to it and then they can still get
SPEAKER_L: Right. And that was the whole thing with double exposure, right? Like that was, I was self quarantine for my boy from the beginning because I was like, I have a mom who has asthma now. She was just diagnosed breast cancer. Kind of stuck during this time. Um My dad also has like a lot of hard conditions. So um I was living with them during this time and like my boyfriend asked me to move in with him during this time and he lives in Evanston, which is a very like uh
SPEAKER_R: For the
SPEAKER_L: urban. What's that? So
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: was it? Yeah, it's really urban where he lives. I don't know. Yeah, like Northwest Northwestern is also, Yeah. So I was like, uh like, my first thing was like, no, because when he was like, well I haven't, he's like, he traveled a lot for work because he's a civil engineer. He's like, yeah, like I'm good. You haven't showed signs. You're good. I'm like, yeah, well and this was like in april so I was like, I don't really know anything right now. Like I don't even trust the CDC or who like I don't trust any of them because no one really had any clue as to like what is considered clear and like just the idea of like being exposed to one person like that's different than you could like exponentially increase your chances. I feel like of getting it. So I was like, I was like, I'm I don't know, I was like trying to explain to him like how strict it was and how scared I was or like how strict it should be and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm kind of experiencing the same thing because I'm I live in a house with my friends I've been up in um and school starts in like two weeks so I'm like trying to think about like whether or not I like want to go up in the first place. Um But like like I'm paying rent so I'm not able to do and like there's just a lot of people that also I'm a crossroads.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's yeah, that's the big deal. Like that's like the big issue I think is like all the monetary pressure like that people are kind of handed with like all the people who have to carve that carpool but like share space. Yeah like rooming and stuff like that is really the I think the pressure that is like causing I think a lot of people to be less careful or like just taking more like of the risk like I mean you're you're in a weird position like especially when it's like a group thing. Yeah. I can imagine.
SPEAKER_R: I think we're going to see like a huge jump in spikes when school starts. Like both for university and for just like regular of Like 100% is going to be a spike.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. Right. And like I haven't seen much worse probably because like, I don't know what would you say? It could be worse like it's like it's like stronger anti bodies or not. Well it's not that no, we haven't gotten a vaccine. So it's not like if we're killing the virus but I just feel like yeah, it's not going to be good. I don't know. I was thinking it was gonna be okay because of the hospitals but like that were like clearing their more cleared out and it's a little bit like more like diffused out like with the care so it's a little less spread. Um It's spreading out a little bit better but like I don't know what what are your predictions you think like.
SPEAKER_R: It depends on the city, right? So like like he's like L. A. Um like there's part even parts of L. A. That don't have that possible capacity, but like it depends on the region and like it depends, it's like open up um Like you're in L. A. Like they're probably not open up but like right south of us in Orange County, like they probably will. Um Except more conservative area. So
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it depends like, you know, I can't really say like whether or not it's gonna yeah, it or not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's crazy. It's almost like I don't know it was unprecedented as soon as I found out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: One owner,
SPEAKER_L: What's that?
SPEAKER_R: it's just so normal now like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it's like the norm now like it's like that's sad like I have like when you're watching a movie or something you see like people touching your like like that's the fearful part like you're too close like contact wise. So it's like
SPEAKER_R: make a sports game or something. You're like, oh my God, the crowd goes to each other.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God right. And I saw the other day like baseball they were all wearing masks and stuff and like it was like But like aren't they six ft away if I get I don't know. That's weird. Like this invisible fear that's like around us and no one really can identify. I like capture it and
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: more crazy.
SPEAKER_L: And you. Yeah. Well it was really good talking to you. I don't know if it's one
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: minute
SPEAKER_R: was it?
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: oh, I'm currently.
SPEAKER_R: Harley? That's right. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and you're you're Jordan. Right, awesome. Well
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: It's really good talking to you and really interesting. I got very lucky. I'm pretty
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: sure this has
SPEAKER_R: are.
SPEAKER_L: been 25 minutes. I don't know
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: think do we just go to the next page or I'm not exactly sure what to do.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I think they say to keep the tab open and then they're going to ask you questions following if they don't close us yet I think.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. But we do press the arrow. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh wow, it was 44 minutes. I don't know. I see. And how
SPEAKER_R: All right. Are you on the next page of cool tricks? Okay, no issue
SPEAKER_L: I'm going to say like 20 months.
SPEAKER_R: 25 minutes by like 26.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah. This is definitely new for me. Mhm Oh thank good good. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder what they're using his research for.
SPEAKER_L: I know that's like I get like surveys kind of being like interested in topics and stuff and see what people are talking about, but like if this is like really vague like do they want to talk about politics? It was like, I'm curious. It's a
SPEAKER_R: I feel like there's less conservative people on this site though. Just to the fact that it's like university. Um Yes.
SPEAKER_L: right, so then it's interesting. I don't know how they would test that because there is a lot of like anti trump. Not yet. It's not like outwardly, but I feel like there's a lot of like
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: surveys
SPEAKER_R: a lot on
SPEAKER_L: talking about like yeah like how how much, how satisfied are you with trump like but I mean I don't know if it would be like that with Obama too.
SPEAKER_R: but sometimes like, like randomly and like a survey that has nothing to do with politics.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right, so you tell me about it, it's going to be about politics. But it's like, they're like, oh and what was the last thing you ate today? It's like, what?
SPEAKER_R: What didn't you like to know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. I asked toilet. No, I'm actually like me. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Did you did you grew up in Chicago? Is that where you're from originally?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You can hear my accent. My accent. Are you originally from L. A. To? Yeah, it's really bad. I just like
SPEAKER_R: you probably
SPEAKER_L: hearing the
SPEAKER_R: hear from my accent also.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah, a little bit from California. Or California. You can hear that.
SPEAKER_R: My dad's from indiana so I'm like kind of used to midwestern accent.
SPEAKER_L: So are you have like a little bit of a midwestern? It's weird. Like a little like
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: this.
SPEAKER_R: her.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like, oh, you're from indiana.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's probably
SPEAKER_L: That's why.
SPEAKER_R: from because he's from indiana.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, let's see that. It just kind of rubs off. Yeah, that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: President. I grew up in a way, so.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So you're like, okay, nice. What do you like that? Are indiana? L. A. Obviously L. A. Probably. I would not, I would not blame you. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: a question I would consider, but
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. It's so funny. Oh, please like the name of the plant in the previous symptoms. Oh God yes. Well she like say one wrong thing on this and then it undermines everything and undermines
SPEAKER_R: it's an
SPEAKER_L: the whole report and invalidates it.
SPEAKER_R: lot of his planet is jupiter right now. Yeah it's kind of a long survey
SPEAKER_L: it is. I don't know if
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: it's like, I mean $14 is pretty nice. Like I feel like $15 or whatever the survey is gonna end up being is like kind of nice for like again like just sitting around like this. you know? So like I like I love how flexible it is, you know? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What are you living with your boyfriend now?
SPEAKER_L: Not yet. Um His work just got um like uh like a couple like pay cuts and stuff. So we were kind of trying to figure out what to do in that situation. And then I just found out like I just got hired rehired back. Um which is awesome but like before they were giving the pink slip to everyone who is the first year T. A. Which I was the first year. Um There was a lot of uncertainties in the air in the air and so we were what we wanted to buy also instead of like rent so we're also kind of looking for places right now but we do want to live together like as soon as possible and like after this quarantine I think it's like a good time now maybe. But you know I've been I've been spending time with him anyway so it wouldn't be like too much of a change with anything so you know. Yeah. But of the. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I don't know what it's like in Chicago but I know like a few big cities front prices have been going down like drastically because of like looking.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and a lot of people are like fleeing the city because I think of the riots are like just I think the quarantine like or the um the you know the whole covid and like the spread of it and like more urban areas. But I mostly think it's probably because of inflation and it's just the cost of living is like getting so difficult. Um It just doesn't seem to be like keeping up like the cost of living here is just like that. I don't know it's not matching with like I think this pandemic really you know? But yeah a lot of people have been wanting to leave the city because of that and like there's just not much incentive and there's so much corruption like we are literally the most corrupt state in the nation we're known
SPEAKER_R: Seriously.
SPEAKER_L: for and yeah we are we are literally number one. I think we're even worse than um D. C. And which isn't
SPEAKER_R: seems like
SPEAKER_L: a state. Yeah. Yeah or like it was another one that was like even worse. That was like really surprising I think was like Delaware Maryland or something. Like something like one of the east coast like states that have like no funding or like Rhode island or something were worse than them. Like it's really bad. Like it's like,
SPEAKER_R: not far good.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah, it's scary. But uh great schools sort of uh they're just not
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: affordable,
SPEAKER_R: do do we need to um to send the line? Not that I don't wanna stop
SPEAKER_L: like.
SPEAKER_R: talking. There is a
SPEAKER_L: no, I'm gonna yeah, try to get this done. It's weird. They're saying like, don't, I'm gonna read what they safe for you to do. Okay. I mean, I always said in a conversation, I remember these um yeah. You know, I think it would be ok to exit out now. I just can't imagine it not being okay because like if you're on the next page and they're letting you proceed, I don't know. And like if you're, if both parties say like you guys have talked for at least 25 minutes and like I know they have a recording. I think it's like being archived. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, someone who's talking to you,
SPEAKER_R: You to
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: luck with everything.