Hello.
How are you?
Sorry,
I'm from L. A. Where are you from?
have family from the last yeah,
I'm
from
like Wessel area.
huh.
20 minute drive depending on traffic away from me.
Um It's been it's been kind of hot recently. Um But I mean L. A. Is kind of always moderate in the same temperature. So
what?
Daughter.
I've been doing prolific for like a month, so yeah, but I haven't done like a live one, so this is interesting.
And
sorry
go ahead.
I was the first day um like what's your like what do you do? Like what's your profession? Are you again?
Are you teachers assessment for like university or?
But actually what I did. Okay.
Um So I studied public health but I'm a ta for uh statistics class in public health. So it's like um
like pretty much like the basics of our programming and then um we like conceptualize like starts within that.
I mean very very relative definitely. But um
it's a tough beach, that's why I was late because I had the office hours and so I was like I went over time a little bit.
Yeah. Especially because we have like 300 kids in the class, so. Mhm.
Yeah, it's just a back and forth. Um Like my my mom works in like like for her like she does her, she's a hairstylist and like her work just constantly been like opening and closing right now she can't work
and like another group random weight will be like, oh you can open again, she'll go and then she'll come back because they close it down. Um It's just kind of like a mess because they keep opening and closing like specific parts of it, but like like already. So I like I don't even know what's open right now because they always change it.
it is.
I thought you know when they are working like they're just getting less people because like you need to like separate them like by time and love so it's only shoes up up fully anyways. But
Yeah.
I mean for everyone,
All
members.
I mean
like like she's so like like cutting people's hair like at our house in other people's houses Because Yeah. So
I mean I feel like I kind of like against the point of closing down right Because like they're still like you're still going to
be doing work. It's just and even less controlled environment than it would be. That islam. But Oh
Yeah. It seems like the precautions were fined and like they had like the thermometer but they were like at their head and stuff and like check their temperature the hope there are.
I think the thing in our state or something that they have to do that. Mhm.
I do the broadway.
I like haven't discovered like what exactly I want to like focus on for research but um right now I'm just working on covid stuff so like my the school health at Berkeley is doing um we're doing like a like a really big study in the Bay Area. Uh we have like 5-6000 participants and we like send them You send them gets a really like two months so it's a 10 month study. Um We just and um yeah it's really cool I just started it and I'm gonna count a couple of professors and we're just like collecting all this data from everyone in the bay and then we're gonna like do some like analysis later,
you know?
You
might have been uh
Number one with uh what's his name? He was an artist. Uh It was john legend. Yeah.
Yeah, I know that one too.
I like it a lot because um because it's all university and I like support. I've seen birthday come up a few times. I'm like, oh. Mhm.
No, I didn't know like any of this existed until I was like super bored at home doing nothing. Just decided come on line. Make a little more money. Okay.
Yeah. I mean
like
two days like I just I I leave the top open and just like um I like let them come and you know how the way there's an extension on chrome to use that to.
It's just
notified
when there's a new study.
I don't
I don't
become my phones. I'm not sure. Mhm.
What
we
have
group.
They don't.
No I did I did like turk for a little bit and I hated it. And remember I did like you me or something right?
I don't
know. This one's a lot better. I feel.
Have you have you tried doing using the scale
D. Scout like d like out with the dean front um map that I use and pretty much you're able to like sign up for for studies but it's like a it's kind of like a journal entry study. So Um uh and and the like except like 10 people or something for like a certain like um so we want to know how to use technology in your in your life or something. And like they're always sponsored like they feel like it'll be like tell us about when google failed you and like it's obviously like sponsored by google and so then I've done like four of those in the past month and made like Like 3 50 or something.
3 50. So like one
oh it's like it's a 1-2 weeks study right? Like every day. I just journal, I like like video myself for a minute talking about like back. It's so it's $150 study.
I've
had a lot
of it. So I opened a lot.
Mhm.
Thanks.
you think that's funny right?
I found like a quick study online of this company is like trying to test their beverage and they just like Sent me two packages of their drink And
they're like, they just want feedback and they're paying me like $85 or something.
Just one.
I mean they haven't paid them finished it, but they they sent this stuff to me, so I'm just
like,
how much has been the Candy Scout? Like that's have like narratives on to.
I mean it's smart. I feel like it definitely does that up. Um I
feel like even like, like small expenses and like enjoying yourself, but I don't like you don't do anything. Might as well.
Yeah. So I mean the classroom teaching is is that's and and are like the programming language. Um
it's in programming, so so are is a
like python, it's like a differently so are, yeah, I want to say I'm in a Master's program right now. Um and that that program is a Masters in public health and epidemiology and biostatistics.
Yeah epidemiology is like the like how disease spreads within populations and then bio stat is like basically like the quantitative measures of of like disease spread. Um All right. Yeah. It's a little complicated sometimes but um it's a one year program so I'm just going to be doing like an accelerated program pretty much and I'm
not really re semester.
Um No so I I just graduated from undergrad from Berkeley and then this program it's a plus one year so I pretty much go back to Berkeley and get my Masters in one year.
Before actually which is very ironic. Okay
and
I know
I like I got I got unlucky from just like the the nuances of the pandemic. But in terms of my career it worked out. Uh
huh.
Mr knowledge.
What?
so many. Um
Well
I think the biggest one, like not the obvious one of the biggest one is like what the results of an antibody test means. Uh
We don't we don't know exactly what it means that we don't know if we have immediately to it once we get it and so you're still a possibility that you can get it even if you bought it back in february or March and both. So are the study that we're using right now. We we test their blood and their saliva for antibody and for like to see the diseases in their system at the moment. Um But what we haven't told people whether or not they have antibodies because then like some people might have some sense of like immunity and like go out to the world and think that they're like immune to it and then they can still get
For the
That's
I'm kind of experiencing the same thing because I'm I live in a house with my friends I've been up in um and school starts in like two weeks so I'm like trying to think about like whether or not I like want to go up in the first place. Um But like like I'm paying rent so I'm not able to do and like there's just a lot of people that also I'm a crossroads.
I think we're going to see like a huge jump in spikes when school starts. Like both for university and for just like regular of Like 100% is going to be a spike.
It depends on the city, right? So like like he's like L. A. Um like there's part even parts of L. A. That don't have that possible capacity, but like it depends on the region and like it depends, it's like open up um Like you're in L. A. Like they're probably not open up but like right south of us in Orange County, like they probably will. Um Except more conservative area. So
I mean it depends like, you know, I can't really say like whether or not it's gonna yeah, it or not.
One owner,
it's just so normal now like
make a sports game or something. You're like, oh my God, the crowd goes to each other.
No
more crazy.
What
was it?
You know?
Harley? That's right. Okay.
Mm.
They
are.
I
think do we just go to the next page or I'm not exactly sure what to do.
Okay. But we do press the arrow. Okay.
All right. Are you on the next page of cool tricks? Okay, no issue
25 minutes by like 26.
I wonder what they're using his research for.
I feel like there's less conservative people on this site though. Just to the fact that it's like university. Um Yes.
I have
a lot on
but sometimes like, like randomly and like a survey that has nothing to do with politics.
What didn't you like to know?
Did you did you grew up in Chicago? Is that where you're from originally?
you probably
hear from my accent also.
My dad's from indiana so I'm like kind of used to midwestern accent.
but
her.
No, it's probably
from because he's from indiana.
President. I grew up in a way, so.
a question I would consider, but
it's an
lot of his planet is jupiter right now. Yeah it's kind of a long survey
and
What are you living with your boyfriend now?
I don't know. I don't know what it's like in Chicago but I know like a few big cities front prices have been going down like drastically because of like looking.
Seriously.
seems like
not far good.
lot
do do we need to um to send the line? Not that I don't wanna stop
talking. There is a
Okay.
You to
have