Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah, we'll be back because Mhm. Yeah. Yeah charlie parker. So what do you think? General? Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Support. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah true. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. No. Okay. Okay. What? Yeah. Uh Hi tables uh getting to know my daughter. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Don't you think? Okay. Okay. I mean Okay. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. All right. Right. I'm taking no. Yeah. Right. Oh. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Do you think? Uh huh. Okay. What? Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah, activity now. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah mm.
Yeah. Hi how are you?
Good. This is
so weird stories because so where are you from?
nice. I'm from scenario. Yeah. That's kind of cool. Oh man. Yeah.
I actually have friends from L. A. That's so funny. Um What part in L. A. Are you from?
Like
is
okay my friends live in like korean town so. Yeah
she's like yeah I haven't seen her in a while but I said
Yeah. Right. It's crazy nice. How is it out there right now? Is it really hot? I'm sure it is
so
lucky. Like I really want that Chicago is just always stream. Yeah it's actually really cool out today. Um Like weirdly it's usually like really bad and like this time so like I don't know it's not too bad actually went for a run earlier so it wasn't too bad. I'm carly by the way,
nice to meet you there and have you ever done anything? Have you ever done any of these before?
Yeah. Me too. Same. Exactly. I literally a month like probably to the day and yeah, different. Very different. I didn't
know like. Yeah.
Sorry.
So go ahead and you know what I can say?
I'm yeah, I'm a teacher's assistant. Um and I'm going back to school to be a special education teacher. Yeah, so
um I work as a like um kind of like a one on one age for students with special needs at a high school. So yeah, when you hear teacher's assistant you think like the person who graze paper is probably in like a grand setting, so yeah, unfortunately that would be cooler. Probably. Uh huh. But it's okay. What about
really? You're you're a T. A. Oh nice. What in what? Something? Syria
Ashton?
Oh cool. That's got to be like really tough so and very interesting. Probably right now for you, I'm
Right.
Oh no worries, that's fine. That's really cool though and I get the online platform thing too. I um I've been working a lot with students like on zoom and stuff and it's like, it's okay. It's just not like in person which what are you better, but
oh my gosh. Oh wow, there's a lot of people. Oh man. Um That's so crazy. Are they like closing up everything right now in L. A. By the way? Because I, I've been trying to follow along, but I know they've been like opening and reopening.
man.
right. Yeah, it's like, mhm that's gonna stink too because like your mom probably is like anticipating like what certain factors are going to like, you know, just like from like boy, you're hearing from officials and stuff like what making it worse and like, and then try and anticipate that like that her work might close. Like it's just hi guys gotta be very stressful
general.
Yeah. It's gonna be like really unpredictable. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. At least you get like probably free haircuts and stuff. That's kind of nice. I don't know
if you
live with her or. Yeah. Oh
man.
that's from Martha
when.
Right. That's so funny because like, people think that like salon, I was thinking like, oh man, it must be so much better to do it at home, but it really isn't because yeah, like you said like it's more controlled um when everything started opening up finally in Chicago, like I decided to like go get my hair cut because I'm like, you know, it's just getting so bad like and it was so like they were so good about taking precautions, like you had a country, you had to use a mask and like um yeah, he's their masks, like they gave you a disposable one and like they were very like um you know, they didn't allow people in unless you an appointment. So like there's another kind of cool factor is that like, you know, they were like no like limiting the number of people in the room at the time and like they didn't allow these people who wanted to come in just to like inquire about like a walking or something like that. Even let them in there like sorry, you don't have an appointment with us like you know, it was like okay like maybe that's actually not so bad, like maybe that's what we should be doing but
Oh that's weird. We didn't have, we should have that though. It's been like
that makes sense. Yeah. I don't know. And now like I don't know how California is about going back to school and stuff like it is such a mess because like God, right, like I'm sure with universities and stuff like what university are you at? Just out of curiosity?
Okay, nice. Cool. That's a good school. I I'm getting my student teaching out of the way um frank can do it this fall, but at Dominican um the in the suburbs of Illinois so um but yeah, that's that's really cool. Yeah, wow, that should be really interesting. What you do. Is there a specific niche you're interested in doing um um in like public health? Mm.
That's so cool. That's cool.
I kind of like geek out over that stuff but that's just like uh I like, you know like about the prolific is like and this is the geek I thinking and I think you might understand but like the validity stuff they do like it's kind of interesting like how they like and like I think it's margin of like confidence or something when they test like how how confident are you? Like they find like indirect ways of like asking you these things like if you were to meet a celebrity um that you love or something like this, how like one of the questions was like the other day I took on political was like um You know if the celebrity was standing on a sidewalk and they were like endorsing your products like a like a product, how much would you want that product? Like one through 10? Like it was kind of like an indirect way of like testing
like confidence.
Yeah right? Those are so like, I don't know, I feel like there's such get such good insight and like how to like genuinely find like valid like questions and stuff which is like interesting.
Yeah, interesting. Actually my undergrad was art history, so that was kind of, yeah, it's very random. But um yeah, that's so funny and I like there was one on an art one which is really cool too. They like which one do you like more? And I think they end up telling you like you like abstract expressionism like based on your studies and like, wow, it's like super interesting like,
you know?
Right. And that's like, oh that's so interesting. Like when I see that like yeah, like oh this is a Harvard study and like, so this is where they're doing that. Like these are the platforms are using like
I think it's just good extra like hash like my mom's like rolling her eyes because she's like, but how long have you been like honest, and like like, well I mean like $40 like in a month. And just like, like how long have you been on? And I'm like, it's really not that much. Do you think about like, like just sitting down doing nothing? Like you might as well be making a couple of sons and stuff and like,
you
know.
Oh no, I don't. I show it. I don't
know. You can use
that.
Oh, nice. Okay. I need to get that. Can you do that for like your phone too? I'm sure you can
just
like, yeah.
Actually,
I also check that
out
because
I'm not like always at my desk and I should see. But like, I guess I will be soon like once I do remote learning. But like I would love to like yeah I get that kind of extension because I just, you know, it adds up and like other surveys and stuff like survey web place don't give you as like much. Like I feel they don't pay as well. They really are. They're just not as like um
consistent yeah. Or interesting, you know?
Like all these, yeah, I
didn't
it's so much more like reliable. I feel like um
Oh no it's that chief scout.
How much?
Oh my gosh.
wow. That's so good
to see
it.
I gotta try that. I'm actually an abdominal that like right after this. Do you scout um Call? I'll look into that because I just like to have a study for um neutral system Um through this place nearby. Um so like bio for this. And it's like a nutritional science kind of like like clinic um
and it for $375 for
four weeks. Yeah. I mean obviously inflation you know you got to kind of take account but um free food you know like and it's like a really nice like incentive like compensation wise I'm like okay like all I have to do is go in like literally like six times I think into the clinic and it's like man man like really easy money. Um But they like take your blood and stuff was a little a little uh little in time.
probably like you're selling your plan as well but it's like yeah
b
wow man, I gotta go that. I think I just you know, I had a christ list add to um I looked at, I was looking at some researchers, um research studies looking for volunteers and there was a couple beverages one and I had like, I don't know if this is legit because I've never done it off craigslist, but I should
give us a,
It's
like poison. Oh, like, oh, I don't care. Whatever all going down corona. That's so funny man. That's kind of cool though. So like
Yeah, that's kind of cool. I gotta check that out because all that stuff it really adds up. Like I'm just like literally like saving everything and putting in like an envelope and like it's going to try to get a new laptop like because I don't know I'm supposed to be moving soon and with my boyfriend and like I'm like, man, this is gonna be like really like stressing it with teacher aide salary but and like also paying for school and everything but I'm like I don't believe in loans and like I don't know I'm trying to like save extra this way and it's been yet isn't good at all.
What?
Yeah right? Like it's all the downtime like that's the thing like my mom was like telling me like oh my god like she got me into surveys like a long time ago and she was like a teacher and kind of goes hand in hand. But like she was like yeah like You know if you keep at it like you'll get a $40 survey here, $60 servant like. Yeah but like if you keep at this like you consistently and like it's like it's just consistent and it's like I don't know it's like that whole like Chinese water torture is like eventually like little bits at a time, like gets there. But I don't know. That's a good analogy. Yeah. Like it's overtime, like consistent. Um, I feel like you can do really well as opposed to like getting really like discouraged and like calling in all these like 45 dollars surveys that like, I'm like, oh, I'm sorry you said the wrong thing and it's like, you know, no go. But yeah, I don't know. Clinical. And you said like, what was your specialty again? I'm sorry. I'm totally, um, you were doing statistics, but like one in, uh, specifically, uh, for public health.
in programming language.
I see.
Okay. And that's like the origins of disease,
Sorry.
Yeah. So you have the latest buster? It's so clear.
wow. That's awesome. Is this, what do the coronavirus kind of interest like sway you at all into going into that? Because it's just so ironic that like
Yeah, that's like, that's like really on the nail were
like what you're doing. I feel like
like the origins and the spread of disease. Uh It's cool though.
Yeah.
My God shows.
Oh my God, I'm so sure. That's so great. Is there anything interesting or knew you would recommend or um, be interested in like sharing at all? Because I'm like, I'm a geek with that stuff like
that at all. Yeah. Like is there anything like the, like a misconception that you would, you know the public, I don't know thinks about it. But it's like otherwise,
Yeah. What's your favourite one
of them?
interesting.
Right. And that was the whole thing with double exposure, right? Like that was, I was self quarantine for my boy from the beginning because I was like, I have a mom who has asthma now. She was just diagnosed breast cancer. Kind of stuck during this time. Um My dad also has like a lot of hard conditions. So um I was living with them during this time and like my boyfriend asked me to move in with him during this time and he lives in Evanston, which is a very like uh
urban. What's that? So
was it? Yeah, it's really urban where he lives. I don't know. Yeah, like Northwest Northwestern is also, Yeah. So I was like, uh like, my first thing was like, no, because when he was like, well I haven't, he's like, he traveled a lot for work because he's a civil engineer. He's like, yeah, like I'm good. You haven't showed signs. You're good. I'm like, yeah, well and this was like in april so I was like, I don't really know anything right now. Like I don't even trust the CDC or who like I don't trust any of them because no one really had any clue as to like what is considered clear and like just the idea of like being exposed to one person like that's different than you could like exponentially increase your chances. I feel like of getting it. So I was like, I was like, I'm I don't know, I was like trying to explain to him like how strict it was and how scared I was or like how strict it should be and Yeah.
Yeah. That's yeah, that's the big deal. Like that's like the big issue I think is like all the monetary pressure like that people are kind of handed with like all the people who have to carve that carpool but like share space. Yeah like rooming and stuff like that is really the I think the pressure that is like causing I think a lot of people to be less careful or like just taking more like of the risk like I mean you're you're in a weird position like especially when it's like a group thing. Yeah. I can imagine.
Oh my God. Right. And like I haven't seen much worse probably because like, I don't know what would you say? It could be worse like it's like it's like stronger anti bodies or not. Well it's not that no, we haven't gotten a vaccine. So it's not like if we're killing the virus but I just feel like yeah, it's not going to be good. I don't know. I was thinking it was gonna be okay because of the hospitals but like that were like clearing their more cleared out and it's a little bit like more like diffused out like with the care so it's a little less spread. Um It's spreading out a little bit better but like I don't know what what are your predictions you think like.
So.
Yeah. It's crazy. It's almost like I don't know it was unprecedented as soon as I found out. Yeah.
What's that?
Yeah. Yeah it's like the norm now like it's like that's sad like I have like when you're watching a movie or something you see like people touching your like like that's the fearful part like you're too close like contact wise. So it's like
Oh my God right. And I saw the other day like baseball they were all wearing masks and stuff and like it was like But like aren't they six ft away if I get I don't know. That's weird. Like this invisible fear that's like around us and no one really can identify. I like capture it and
crazy.
And you. Yeah. Well it was really good talking to you. I don't know if it's one
minute
or
oh, I'm currently.
Yeah and you're you're Jordan. Right, awesome. Well
It's really good talking to you and really interesting. I got very lucky. I'm pretty
sure this has
been 25 minutes. I don't know
how
Oh yeah, I think they say to keep the tab open and then they're going to ask you questions following if they don't close us yet I think.
Yeah. Oh wow, it was 44 minutes. I don't know. I see. And how
I'm going to say like 20 months.
Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah. This is definitely new for me. Mhm Oh thank good good. Yeah. Yeah.
I know that's like I get like surveys kind of being like interested in topics and stuff and see what people are talking about, but like if this is like really vague like do they want to talk about politics? It was like, I'm curious. It's a
right, so then it's interesting. I don't know how they would test that because there is a lot of like anti trump. Not yet. It's not like outwardly, but I feel like there's a lot of like
surveys
talking about like yeah like how how much, how satisfied are you with trump like but I mean I don't know if it would be like that with Obama too.
Yeah. Right, so you tell me about it, it's going to be about politics. But it's like, they're like, oh and what was the last thing you ate today? It's like, what?
Yeah. Right. I asked toilet. No, I'm actually like me. Mhm.
Yeah. You can hear my accent. My accent. Are you originally from L. A. To? Yeah, it's really bad. I just like
hearing the
oh yeah, a little bit from California. Or California. You can hear that.
So are you have like a little bit of a midwestern? It's weird. Like a little like
this.
I'm like, oh, you're from indiana.
That's why.
Oh, let's see that. It just kind of rubs off. Yeah, that makes sense.
Okay. So you're like, okay, nice. What do you like that? Are indiana? L. A. Obviously L. A. Probably. I would not, I would not blame you. Uh huh.
Uh huh. It's so funny. Oh, please like the name of the plant in the previous symptoms. Oh God yes. Well she like say one wrong thing on this and then it undermines everything and undermines
the whole report and invalidates it.
it is. I don't know if
it's like, I mean $14 is pretty nice. Like I feel like $15 or whatever the survey is gonna end up being is like kind of nice for like again like just sitting around like this. you know? So like I like I love how flexible it is, you know? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Not yet. Um His work just got um like uh like a couple like pay cuts and stuff. So we were kind of trying to figure out what to do in that situation. And then I just found out like I just got hired rehired back. Um which is awesome but like before they were giving the pink slip to everyone who is the first year T. A. Which I was the first year. Um There was a lot of uncertainties in the air in the air and so we were what we wanted to buy also instead of like rent so we're also kind of looking for places right now but we do want to live together like as soon as possible and like after this quarantine I think it's like a good time now maybe. But you know I've been I've been spending time with him anyway so it wouldn't be like too much of a change with anything so you know. Yeah. But of the. Yeah.
Yeah and a lot of people are like fleeing the city because I think of the riots are like just I think the quarantine like or the um the you know the whole covid and like the spread of it and like more urban areas. But I mostly think it's probably because of inflation and it's just the cost of living is like getting so difficult. Um It just doesn't seem to be like keeping up like the cost of living here is just like that. I don't know it's not matching with like I think this pandemic really you know? But yeah a lot of people have been wanting to leave the city because of that and like there's just not much incentive and there's so much corruption like we are literally the most corrupt state in the nation we're known
for and yeah we are we are literally number one. I think we're even worse than um D. C. And which isn't
a state. Yeah. Yeah or like it was another one that was like even worse. That was like really surprising I think was like Delaware Maryland or something. Like something like one of the east coast like states that have like no funding or like Rhode island or something were worse than them. Like it's really bad. Like it's like,
yeah. Yeah, it's scary. But uh great schools sort of uh they're just not
affordable,
like.
no, I'm gonna yeah, try to get this done. It's weird. They're saying like, don't, I'm gonna read what they safe for you to do. Okay. I mean, I always said in a conversation, I remember these um yeah. You know, I think it would be ok to exit out now. I just can't imagine it not being okay because like if you're on the next page and they're letting you proceed, I don't know. And like if you're, if both parties say like you guys have talked for at least 25 minutes and like I know they have a recording. I think it's like being archived. Okay. Yeah.
All right. Well, someone who's talking to you,
good
luck with everything.