SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hello. Hi there. Okay. Uh Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So um sorry, I was just checking. Yeah. 11. of course it is,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you're good. No, I was just saying my watch, just the timer.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Hello, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: How's
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: your friend?
SPEAKER_L: How are you now?
SPEAKER_R: Okay, how's your day
SPEAKER_L: winding down.
SPEAKER_R: winding down? That's good.
SPEAKER_L: I'm on eastern time, so it's like 11:00 PMclock once, like, so, so one I just moved so it's like, I'm still like, so my brain is still kind of frazzled. I moved a week and I'm still kind of trying to get back in the swing of everything and to like, so I do aerials in my area and like, I am at a new aerial studio here. So I'm going more than I was before because I live closer now. So it's like, my body is just like for some higher than it's been in months.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wait, what are aerials?
SPEAKER_L: So like, it's like circus E stuff. So what
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: it's not.
SPEAKER_R: the long, like one
SPEAKER_L: that's so yes, a little long fabrics
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: with silks and then there's also lira, which is like the big hoop and then now and then now that I moved, I can do rope and trapeze. So,
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's
SPEAKER_L: so like, so like I just started their open drop these this week. And so you know, so it's like Before the shutdown, before the quarantine. I was at my studio like basically like two hours a day, six days a week. And then I and then like, because I lived half an hour away and they cut the classes to 45 minutes instead of an hour. Like it wasn't worth dragging a half an hour both ways for 45 minutes. So I was only going down like, So I was only going like, there are four classes a week. And so like now I'm back like eight. So my but like why are you doing this?
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah, that's super cool though, like I don't I'm not flexible enough for that, but
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: know I
SPEAKER_R: mind
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: I have some things that are very flexible and I have some things that are very unlikable. I've been doing it for three years, I still can't straighten my legs. Like if I lay flat on my back, I put my legs in there, they will not be straight.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, I played soccer too, and I thought like, like that would make me somewhat flexible, but I'm just like, I'm like, I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: think Doctor made
SPEAKER_L: spent
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: for 10
SPEAKER_R: boy.
SPEAKER_L: years and it's like there was some flexibility that I just naturally had and a lot that I just did, but you know, it's you know, but it's like trading some things makes them helpful. But like my hamstrings are never going to be flexible no matter what I do. Mm
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, it is hard, like, I don't know, like I said, I was I was athletic what I was before, like quarantine and stuff, but like, I like I really tried to be able to like to just do a split. Um It was just impossible, like I can't even do like curl ups because my hip area is just so stiff, like I can't um
SPEAKER_L: say that's like the one thing that I have good flexibility on and then, but I can't like, so it's like my hips will do it, my legs won't so it's like I can do it so it's like I can, I can move my legs anyway. You want as long as they are bent and not straight. Yeah. But yeah, but you know, meanwhile it's like I've got one pull up in my life and that was what I was doing at this like training for stuff like 15 hours a week. And you know, and then and then I cut and then you know, I started going a little bit less and then the quarantine happened and then I started going even less. So it's like my body was like why are things just what
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think I really like haven't exercised literally since like the onset of um
SPEAKER_L: everything?
SPEAKER_R: like yeah, I mean it's gonna be so hard. Like actually I tried to go running the other day, it was just, what was I like, how was I able to just like run like a mile? Like this is so hard. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: know what it's like? And I was like, I moved so I'm so I'm in like, Because the thing was like I was sort of in a suburban area where I like I fear there were theoretically sidewalks. I like I lived across street from Walmart. Like there was like a walking path along the lake, like there wasn't like a good walking bike. Like I couldn't just like walk outside and go, and so like now it's a little bit easier. So like, for the last week I've actually made it outside and walk for like 10 minutes, 10 or 15 minutes every day. It's like, wow, when I have a door leading directly outside, instead of having to go down like three flights of
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: stairs
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: in my apartment, it's like I can it's like I'm actually more motivated to go outside.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Well even for me like it for me it's like it's the case that like I don't have to go through down like Syracuse sounds but like I still can't, I just can't, I have like a hula hoop, I have jump rope, I have like a bun,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: were best on them like I really just don't. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: once we have a little bit easier time biking now, but because I haven't biked in like several years, like the last time I did much significant biking was in college six years ago. So it's like, well I have a bike and I can go places on it now, but like,
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: but like, I'm not used to it. So
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's like, I love two miles away from the real serious. It's like if I get my if I knew that my legs would work for two miles and then two miles after after an hour of working out, I I could eventually if I go over there, but it's not going to be today and it's probably not going to be this month, A long term goal is to be able to go bike the two miles over there,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It is hard like I don't know, I'm like already tired just thinking about it. Wait, so is this like your first call with
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: my six because this
SPEAKER_R: lot?
SPEAKER_L: is my because like they do different rounds and this is the second round that I've been on. So like I did four on the last round and this is my second one this round.
SPEAKER_R: wow. That's that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: So and I like, so like in one place it said it was still six in one place that said it was seven, so I think I still have one more, but like if I don't get one more than they then they just won't let me, then they just won't schedule me even though they like even though the thing will come up. So you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Wait, so have you ever had like a really bad encounter or were they all
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: the worst that have usually the worst that happens is like it is like the coverage station just kind of stalled or like okay what are we talking about next? But you know, at the same time, you know sometimes you end up getting really interesting people but and then and then sometimes no one shows up and use it for five minutes and you get your, you know, a couple of dollars like the first one, the first one that I did it. I actually like no one showed up for the first two or three minutes and like someone did eventually show up to that one. But like I think I've only had one where no one where the other president show up. But it was funny because I was like, I wonder if they're just paying us to see what happens if we sit and wait. I'd like enticing us with more money to make us actually show up. And then and then actually only paid us a little bit just like see what we do all we wait. We're willing to wait because yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: because it's like because it's like sometimes you're like okay, so you know, maybe they're not actually testing what they said, they're testing and they're trying to do something else. They're trying to mislead us and they try to guess what it is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I'm like because I know for the last one like you see on the bottom left, uh there's like a little red thing and for me when I was so I had that happen to yesterday, like no one showed up from yesterday. Um But I was like so like to use this footage like I'm kind of nervous. But yeah, I mean at the end of the day like no one no one else is gonna be paying me like 50 bucks. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. But yeah, I think my last time I had someone like um I think I like it was kind of awkward because like I couldn't like we were trying to like not telling tell each other like enough identifiable like uh like things right? Because I like I think for it was like both of our first times. Mm hmm. So yeah. I think once you break that ice it's like easier I think. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, you know, and I think the thing if you like run into someone who's been doing on your own, like I think the first one the it was like yeah, here's my name, here's where I live.
SPEAKER_R: why?
SPEAKER_L: Like, like the very first thing to happen on the first one. It's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like I am not sort of ended up breaking and breaking it down. I was like, you know that your broadcast us to everyone that's ever going to watch this.
SPEAKER_R: Well no, I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: would not have enough trust to do that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's funny because like um you know, because like when I first was signed up for, you know, it's like, oh yeah, random conversation with someone. Okay, sure. Then you get to the degree where like, yes, we're gonna be saving, this is a data set that can just be watched. Whatever. I was like, Yeah, okay, I'll take I'll take the $15.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think the first time it came up on my feet I signed up for and I was like, wait, what? No, I don't I
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: don't want to be a model
SPEAKER_L: got someone
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: you want for this. Or do we just want the free couple bucks?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No. But especially now. Yeah. I think the first time it came up, it was like before Covid I was like absolutely not like I'm not become like immortal on someone else's like database. But now I'm just like, you know what, 15 bucks is that
SPEAKER_L: Jimmy.
SPEAKER_R: that well bad or? It's pretty good I mean. But um Yeah, true.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, I hadn't, I the first one that I saw was, you know, a month was probably almost a month ago. But like I hadn't even signed up for this for, for prolific before the um, Kobe. Like I just found out about it a couple months ago. So you know, so it's like, that was the first time I saw. I was like, yeah, sure. I'll go get the fifth blush.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Wait, so then are you like are you checking prolific like every day?
SPEAKER_L: I try to like, like if I'm not busy with a bunch of other things because like I also do a bunch of delivery driving for like all the different apps. So like if I have downtime or if I'm sitting at home, they're not getting orders, then I'll check it. But like, you know, if I have, if I have other things I'm doing, it doesn't rank too high on my part list. Plus the follow up they like actually email you so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I felt like in school and we had like uh like issued laptops and like one of those like, like, I don't know, I was always bored in school. What they're like, I would just routinely just check prolific. But now that I'm not in that school, I don't check it as often, but. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I did browser engine that just like does little noise whenever anything comes up. So if I'm on the computer that house. So if I'm on my phone it also.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think for me the only issue with that is like it just really breaks my concentration, we'll take one, I'll take like all of them like um and and then I I have trouble getting back to like what I was doing, so like I try not.
SPEAKER_L: Well like I'm actually focusing on something. I won't usually have it open but like you know, I'm just kind of found it around things then usually want my concentration broken so that I'm not just like sitting and staring at the internet for five hours. Look thing the point at that point breaking my concentration like oh right. Other things exist other than this single internet page. Single one time for the single news side or whatever. I whatever distraction I happen to have grabbed hold into that day.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so do you have like um something specific you're like uh intending easier money on?
SPEAKER_L: No, I just like I I was trying to use more as like I'm trying to get as much from this as I can because it's less effort than going out and driving. And also that I don't have to do my knowledge
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: what what I'm trying to get music stuff going. It's like if I can sit and like that and it's like it's less interrupting to my day to do like a 10 or 15 minute survey than it is to like actually go out and drive food around because like one time out of the house and I'm gonna go do that. It's like that worked really well for like the last few years. Whereas like you know working a bunch and saving a bunch of money and at this point it's like well I think a bunch of money in the bank and so now I'm just trying to get a bunch of music stuff going so I can you know, do that and not have to worry about. I'm going to try to go do this, I'm gonna try to go do this. So yeah, so like now that I have like more space because before I was just doing everything in a walk in closet and
SPEAKER_R: compliments.
SPEAKER_L: so it's like, here's my guitar and here's my microphone stand, everything's in, you know, this little area. So now it's like I have an entire room that has like 15 different instruments council.
SPEAKER_R: where all the different instruments
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: I think I played guitar, I have harmonicas, I have banjo, I have keyboard, I have an acoustic base, I have a few different drums, I have um have a banjo. I don't know if I already mentioned that we have UKulele. So there's a story of as to why I have all of these instruments and why have all
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: Mexico
SPEAKER_L: I got a bunch of this stuff. So there was an open mic that I did in a music store and They stopped they like they stopped committed a year ago and it's very sad. But they would give you but they would give you $5 every week for showing up and playing at the open mic.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: And they would also do it for the Guitar jam. Like it was sam actually their national change. But like they they finally stopped doing it. But like But like you know, so it's like I was giving $10 of free music gift cards every single week for several for like you know I I went to the open micro five years. I didn't start going to the Guitar Jam for a year or two after I started the other one. But so like you know $10 a week of free music stuff adds up pretty quick. Yeah. So it's like, so it's like I have you'll in here. I have you know an acoustic camp. You know, it's like I have like a whole guitar setup I have. This is actually like a music um stool chair things. So it's like I just I just like kept buying stuff and I get to the point
SPEAKER_R: Mom,
SPEAKER_L: where like and other things I would get to the point where I like ran out of interesting thing you survive. I thought everything in this story that I want, what do I do now? So like yeah, I was like I said the last few years just like accumulating stuff. This sort of set up for a point where I had more time to use it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: so like now I now I have the time to use it if I can actually make myself do anything.
SPEAKER_R: so like do you know how to play most of them?
SPEAKER_L: I mean I've been playing guitar for like 10 years and like I played well when I was little, it was like, you know, and it's like I have a passing knowledge of keyboard because like, so I have a degree in music and like I had to learn to play it, but also like we we had a we had a piano that we got from my grandma that like when, you know when my grandparents are moving across the country, like I blinked around. So it's like I have enough knowledge to mess around on everything at this, you know, at the same time, I'm not necessarily great on any of these instruments, but I usually play
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: enough at the same time. It doesn't actually matter. Usually my usually because like usually if I'm playing out, I'm singing and playing guitar and playing harmonica and I have a cone and tampering foot pedals, so I'm usually doing four things at once anyway. So
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it's like, I just need to be good enough to make everything sound good together rather than, you know, actually try to be any good at any one particular instrument cause I get bored of that very quickly. But you know, it's, you know, it's like I, so, you know, so it's like, I've been trying to do a livestream show every week, but like it's falling apart a little bit recently because moving, but I, you know, hence having a very nice background and whole setup with framing and everything. And then I, and then I'm also trying to do an original song that I put up every week.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: You know, like I've I've been I've had upload projects on and off for the last for several years. Like the first time I tried I started trying to upload stuff was nine years ago, so it's like, oh, do. So it's like, I'll manage like a year, you know, six months, a year. Year and a half. And then I'll we got out of ideas and not do anything for a year or so, and then I'll switch to something else. So it's like, I have a year and a half of videos up on Youtube have like a year of covers that I just uploaded onto my website. Like, not through any platform back in college, I was like, oh, I can just put stuff up on my website, it'll be great. And like, you like, you know, so I was hard coding everything in html So it was like, no, so it's like everything still technically works if you get to it, but you have to have like the html play, like they have like the plug ins and everything is like, it's a little bit of a mess, like I still need to get around redoing my website, but it's like, you know, the end goal has always been getting to a point where I can just do music and not have to rely on a bunch of other things. And Yeah, and so yeah, so it's like for the last two years I've been doing a bunch of delivery driver. Like I figured like I dry for a while, I was driving like 50, 60 hours a week because I had nothing better to do. And it's like, well if I say hello, I'm not gonna do anything, so I might as well God and drive and make money. But like, you know, it's like, I've been trying to slowly get my brain to a point where it's like, okay, I can try to work on things if I actually sit down and do it. But okay, anyway, how about you? What are you doing anything in particular with it now that we've long drawn out rant of my life?
SPEAKER_R: So I mean I'm still an underground in college so like uh I'm just consumed by school most damage. Er So like I do a lot of that um actually um leading up to our call, I was working on a homework assignment that's due at 12, so
SPEAKER_L: Now I understand
SPEAKER_R: Green.
SPEAKER_L: this very well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, I don't know um what else I mean I draw I like I wasn't super into music when I was young and I mean I still have interest in it. I'd love to like be were like master of the guitar. Um I don't know. I think it's like so awesome. Like like any person that can play a guitar is just like amazing. Just like whoa. Um But yeah, I mean I think if like my creative side is like with visuals, not so much like music and stuff, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's like I've just always done a lot of art in my life. And it's funny because like I spent like all of like middle school and high school and and into the first half of college doing like math and science fairs and math competitions, everything. And then I got, and I was gonna double major in math and music. And then I got halfway there, I was like, you know what I'm done with this? I was doing this for fun. I I I got to abstract Al corona and I was watching one of my friends through analysis. I was like, no, no. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It is. I don't know. I think thanks to the people that I like surrounded myself with its become bearable. But there are parts where I'm just like I feel like I'm stupid like I can't do this. Like I mentally not there but it is like not good to have like that closed mindset. So you know
SPEAKER_L: Well, the thing is like, I always had them back in my head that I was just going to go off in new music anyway.
SPEAKER_R: even.
SPEAKER_L: So I was like, you know, it's like I have I have more math than a large portion of people will ever even know exists. Like I got through abstract out just like, you know, the the average person that is, you know, the, you know, that hasn't done a ton of math as I was just like, what even is. Yeah, because it's like, it's like, I I kind of burned myself out. I'm doing so much of it. I was like, and I actually ended up graduating a year. Like, I was like, I just want to go to music. I don't like it was like, I don't
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: have any edge of using any of this and I don't want to just keep sitting here and suffering through this if I'm not enjoying it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But but yeah, you know, it's like, but at the same time, you know, there's also the struggle of uh oh, now I get to actually try to make my brain do things and it's like I want to do them. Does that mean that I'm having an easy time making my brain do them? No.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, same goes for me as well. Like when it comes to like, you know what, like that's me when it comes to like our like I was pretty avid draw when I was younger and I think I was pretty good. Like I don't know. At least I thought so. But then I just dropped it like, I don't know. I just get soup like very easily frustrated. Right? I can't do it like the first time I'm just like no has to be perfect. So I just dropped. It was like, I mean why am I not getting better? Like if I don't like, even though I'm not
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: practicing
SPEAKER_L: not practicing
SPEAKER_R: normal,
SPEAKER_L: this, why
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: I'm not getting better.
SPEAKER_R: so I ended up dropping it. But I, I don't want to go like, well I want to get into the habit of drawing more often again especially now like like we have like digital art and it's a lot more accessible um so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I do
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: it, when I do my um uploads of my original music, I like, I actually got one little drawing tablet because like, I follow a lot of web cox and like, I've always had in my head like, oh, I want to do something where I'm actually driving on a regular basis, because it was a lot of, I've always done a lot of art, but like and so but like, you know, it's just, I didn't necessarily do as much recently, but like every every week that I do, like I don't have a little drawing that goes along with it. Uh and so my music thing that I do everything under is the enemy's tracking. And so I have little have a little crack in that I tried doing things every week to go with the song.
SPEAKER_R: Wait what cracking is that?
SPEAKER_L: Giant Sea Monster. Giant squid.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I definitely heard of it but like it worked. Er Thank
SPEAKER_L: well I thought,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so I stole it from a book, uh Good omens
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: by terry pratchett, Neil Gaiman. It actually just didn't they actually just made into an amazon series. I haven't watched it yet. But but basically they have the, there's one scene where the cracking is like Where they're just like sailing on the ocean and there's just this giant, there's just this giant cracking and they have a sentence of the crack and is not amused. I was like that is the greatest sentence that I'm stealing that if I ever needed for music. Like I saw 50, like I latched onto that like 10 plus years ago and I was like, I just, I want this and I actually managed to create a unique phrase on the internet and that is not easy.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, But yeah, so it's like, that's given me an excuse to at least do some sort of our thing. And like a lot of the time they aren't necessarily that complicated. Like, you know, like I actually, I didn't want a couple weeks ago, there was about the fly on at the debate. And so like I said, I said, I didn't know I had a band or a song about the fly and the but it was just like a little fly on top of the crack inside. It was like, it was it was really similar but didn't actually take that long because, you know, it's like, sometimes I like, I like actually come up with an idea that's really involved, and I'm just like, ok, I'm just phoning it in, and I'm just doing like, this little bit, because that works.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I mean it's good to get like I just I don't know I
SPEAKER_L: If you have,
SPEAKER_R: don't know
SPEAKER_L: if you have, if you have an excuse to force yourself to do it, it's a little bit more, it's a it's
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: a little bit easier to do it. Especially one, like, if it's a habit and you don't have to think about making yourself do it, then that's also easier because, like, what? I'm forcing myself to actually do music every day, then I'm and then I end up doing more of it, because I do end up enjoying it after a certain point. But it's like the 1st 15, 20 minutes. My brain is just like, why am I doing this? Why why am I like, I know I'm going to enjoy it at some point. Once I get into it was like, getting my brain into, it takes a certain, just like it just takes a certain amount of time for I branded like, function in what I'm doing.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's that's definitely like a good point. I think like more recently I've got into the habit of like at least drawing one person from like my zoom class. Um I like out of boredom but yeah I'm definitely not forcing myself so I mean it is a good like I think I have it to just walk um definitely not forcing yourself on it but yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, Yeah. You know, it's like the more you make it into a habit unless you think about it, unless you have to get over that mental resistance what I found.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, that's a good point. Mhm. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know, because I, I've been because it's like, I've dealt with that my whole life because it's like, I know that if I just make myself do things I'll actually eventually do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, oh man, I still have to like I get to the habit again like I really wanna like I don't know, I found a lot of really good artist when I was young. I was like oh by the time I'm like 18 I want to be this good. I
SPEAKER_L: And back on them and you're like, you know, 10 years ago, I wanted to be at this point now and I'm not,
SPEAKER_R: What? I was like 10 years ago.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you're like, I was going to be good, I was going to be good and then you're like and I'm here, it's like my my big thing was Woodstock. I was like I'm gonna be like I was like by the 50th anniversary of Woodstock which was you know last year I was like I'm gonna be, you know, it's like I'm gonna be at a point where I could actually be part of whatever big thing they're gonna do was I know, but you know, it was like, I was like I had this period so I like had this period of a few days around there was like it was gonna be good bye now, you know that like cause you know, because like leading up to that like over the last couple of years was like, you know, I'm not actually going to accomplish everything I want to do at this point, even though I've been trying to, you know, even though I've been thinking about it for years, like, yeah, you know, just like you start realizing like I had this goal to do this by this point. It hasn't happened.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then I see like like super young people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you're just like, why are you, why
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I could have been I have been them
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: could have been that and I'm not,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. But yeah. Um I think I'm so sorry. You could ensure I have math homework ticket.
SPEAKER_L: no, I under I understand. Good luck. It done by midnight.
SPEAKER_R: Somehow we done somehow I'll find a way. But yeah, great rest of your weekend on friday. So yeah, but it was
SPEAKER_L: Of both.
SPEAKER_R: Something new.
SPEAKER_L: Math,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you, bye.