Hello?
Hello. Hi there. Okay. Uh Okay.
So um sorry, I was just checking. Yeah. 11. of course it is,
yeah. Hello, how are you?
How's
your friend?
Okay, how's your day
winding down? That's good.
Oh wait, what are aerials?
like
the long, like one
and
wow, that's
wow. Yeah, that's super cool though, like I don't I'm not flexible enough for that, but
I
wouldn't
mind
it.
Yeah, I mean, I played soccer too, and I thought like, like that would make me somewhat flexible, but I'm just like, I'm like, I
think Doctor made
me
boy.
Oh yeah, it is hard, like, I don't know, like I said, I was I was athletic what I was before, like quarantine and stuff, but like, I like I really tried to be able to like to just do a split. Um It was just impossible, like I can't even do like curl ups because my hip area is just so stiff, like I can't um
Yeah, I think I really like haven't exercised literally since like the onset of um
like yeah, I mean it's gonna be so hard. Like actually I tried to go running the other day, it was just, what was I like, how was I able to just like run like a mile? Like this is so hard. Yeah,
I
mean
yeah. Yeah. Well even for me like it for me it's like it's the case that like I don't have to go through down like Syracuse sounds but like I still can't, I just can't, I have like a hula hoop, I have jump rope, I have like a bun,
they
were best on them like I really just don't. Um Yeah.
no
I
Yeah. It is hard like I don't know, I'm like already tired just thinking about it. Wait, so is this like your first call with
this
like
lot?
wow. That's that's crazy.
Yeah. Wait, so have you ever had like a really bad encounter or were they all
like
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm like because I know for the last one like you see on the bottom left, uh there's like a little red thing and for me when I was so I had that happen to yesterday, like no one showed up from yesterday. Um But I was like so like to use this footage like I'm kind of nervous. But yeah, I mean at the end of the day like no one no one else is gonna be paying me like 50 bucks. So yeah.
Mhm. But yeah, I think my last time I had someone like um I think I like it was kind of awkward because like I couldn't like we were trying to like not telling tell each other like enough identifiable like uh like things right? Because I like I think for it was like both of our first times. Mm hmm. So yeah. I think once you break that ice it's like easier I think. But
why?
What?
Well no, I
would not have enough trust to do that.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think the first time it came up on my feet I signed up for and I was like, wait, what? No, I don't I
don't want to be a model
of.
Yeah. No. But especially now. Yeah. I think the first time it came up, it was like before Covid I was like absolutely not like I'm not become like immortal on someone else's like database. But now I'm just like, you know what, 15 bucks is that
that well bad or? It's pretty good I mean. But um Yeah, true.
Yeah. Wait, so then are you like are you checking prolific like every day?
Yeah, I felt like in school and we had like uh like issued laptops and like one of those like, like, I don't know, I was always bored in school. What they're like, I would just routinely just check prolific. But now that I'm not in that school, I don't check it as often, but. Yeah.
Yeah. I think for me the only issue with that is like it just really breaks my concentration, we'll take one, I'll take like all of them like um and and then I I have trouble getting back to like what I was doing, so like I try not.
Yeah, so do you have like um something specific you're like uh intending easier money on?
Yeah, that's
true.
compliments.
where all the different instruments
they
or
Mexico
what?
Mom,
wow.
so like do you know how to play most of them?
correct.
What?
Oh that's
So I mean I'm still an underground in college so like uh I'm just consumed by school most damage. Er So like I do a lot of that um actually um leading up to our call, I was working on a homework assignment that's due at 12, so
Green.
Yeah. I mean, I don't know um what else I mean I draw I like I wasn't super into music when I was young and I mean I still have interest in it. I'd love to like be were like master of the guitar. Um I don't know. I think it's like so awesome. Like like any person that can play a guitar is just like amazing. Just like whoa. Um But yeah, I mean I think if like my creative side is like with visuals, not so much like music and stuff, but yeah.
Yeah. It is. I don't know. I think thanks to the people that I like surrounded myself with its become bearable. But there are parts where I'm just like I feel like I'm stupid like I can't do this. Like I mentally not there but it is like not good to have like that closed mindset. So you know
even.
Why?
Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
Yeah, same goes for me as well. Like when it comes to like, you know what, like that's me when it comes to like our like I was pretty avid draw when I was younger and I think I was pretty good. Like I don't know. At least I thought so. But then I just dropped it like, I don't know. I just get soup like very easily frustrated. Right? I can't do it like the first time I'm just like no has to be perfect. So I just dropped. It was like, I mean why am I not getting better? Like if I don't like, even though I'm not
practicing
normal,
but
so I ended up dropping it. But I, I don't want to go like, well I want to get into the habit of drawing more often again especially now like like we have like digital art and it's a lot more accessible um so
you
know
Wait what cracking is that?
Okay, I definitely heard of it but like it worked. Er Thank
you.
Well
that's awesome.
yeah I mean it's good to get like I just I don't know I
don't know
what
yeah that's that's definitely like a good point. I think like more recently I've got into the habit of like at least drawing one person from like my zoom class. Um I like out of boredom but yeah I'm definitely not forcing myself so I mean it is a good like I think I have it to just walk um definitely not forcing yourself on it but yeah. Uh huh.
Right. Yeah, that's a good point. Mhm. Um
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, oh man, I still have to like I get to the habit again like I really wanna like I don't know, I found a lot of really good artist when I was young. I was like oh by the time I'm like 18 I want to be this good. I
What? I was like 10 years ago.
Yeah. And then I see like like super young people.
Yeah. Yeah, I could have been I have been them
but
yeah. But yeah. Um I think I'm so sorry. You could ensure I have math homework ticket.
Somehow we done somehow I'll find a way. But yeah, great rest of your weekend on friday. So yeah, but it was
Something new.
Thank you, bye.