Yeah. What I'm trying to get to me. So what does she can kill? Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why? Yeah. You know like Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. You know what? I don't care. Mhm. Yeah. Oh my God. Mhm. Yeah. You never know because Yeah. Mhm. Crop. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mm.
Hello?
Uh No problem. Can you uh your speaker, I I couldn't hear very clear. That
is long.
The volume is low. Yes. Oh,
let me see my side. Probably my side. Okay. Okay. It's my my volume law.
Yeah, a lot of better, yeah, Michael, sorry about that.
man, how are you doing here?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank
you.
Call
me.
Thank you coming. Uh
Are you the first time on now uh uh for the attack for the chat? Are you the first time?
Oh, my last time. First time. Yeah,
of course. The part. Yeah.
The last one.
Uh well you mentioned you're working, where are you working right now?
Okay.
I'm too chemistry, I'm a researcher. Yeah
I do research, you know working in the lab are doing experiment, you know the chemistry experiment you must know.
No.
Yeah we we we we put things together enough last kind of hate whatever, you know. Uh We got a new product, we do research on the product. Yes. Yeah.
Uh
You should not uh so every day, no, not the same thing we do is a little bit of fun. Yeah.
Oh yeah, we are not in data, you know that failed. So
yeah I'm a little bit uh yeah I'm a little bit you know about uh this thing is popular thing is you know it's trending a lot of people uh
devote their time you know, to find a cure for the wire of you know the problem. Yeah,
it's important but unfortunately I'm not proud to it. But also, you know, working on, you know medicine, you know, we're trying to treat disease also too, you know, uh is inflammatory disease a little
bit
been
coronavirus, but you know, it's a little bit before you, you know, we are not our labs not equipped uh to handle the virus thing.
So yeah, they require
different level lab, you know, you'll be able to work on it.
we
were Which place oil living in Seattle
Georgia? Yeah, I'm in florida were close.
that's nice. Uh you think that is really uh spending steel spending very quickly. Oh,
he's already really big, you know. Is it
only, yeah
uh Georgia, you know, I was a few years ago. Let me see when I think three, yeah, three years ago I go to uh august august
yeah august yeah. From for a radar, you know to uh their, you know uh yeah I drew how many hours? I think probably 10. I don't remember. I do you know the I originally plus stop you know you
wanna
Yeah and get to uh get a rest and get a hotel, you know motel
to take a break to take on. Yeah, spend the night out there. But uh eventually I decide directly to you know the august the night. Yeah. Only me and you know that's really a some hope that's I like Georgia. A lot of mountain
and
bologna.
Okay.
Orlando.
Yeah.
How
you,
how you been
waiting in all the all the parks on They have four parks. Have you been all the
folks
kingdom if I guess
that is the first, yeah, that's the first of all. I I did uh I live in florida. I I even don't, you know uh went all the power for parks. I only went through it. Uh Magic
Kingdom is the first one. That's the really nice one. That's the best one. Uh uh Yeah. The order to yeah. My ward. Well,
what was
it for
just
on
my teeth, you know? Uh huh.
The
only one is Animal Kingdom. I didn't
go there.
I didn't go that one. I go there. I went to the rest.
Yeah. Yeah.
Uh
impossible. You know you want with it if you stay one day or two days you can uh
Yeah. Even you can, you know they have the you can hop right between parks better. Is uh is it not is wasting time?
The major thing is you have to for each uh each place in the park you have to wait in the line for a long black um are
it's real yeah like you know it's a it's a good experience. Yeah.
Yes. My for the whole family the whole that's why we went there, you know you look really young. Do you have family in your own? Yeah.
You
have
an
was two years old. So I you
and your your son
now.
that's a little bit harder. You work, you're you're working you know out of home. So you say somebody else taking your parents
afternoon,
Okay? Go ahead.
You draw you drop your star. Yeah. Really?
Uh actually, you know I I've been here you know many years about 14 years before I came to florida. I was in new york auburn. Have you ever hear for the offering new york? Yeah.
New Jersey, you definitely know. Yeah my
friends,
I have a lot of friends in New Jersey you know like uh Albany to New Jersey. Uh A lot
uh what's the what What's the highway I take? Let me remember my the highway 85
day trial. That's that's what the highway you know I take
new
york
New Jersey. Yeah.
I'm
not a lot of city in your recipe. Yeah that uh yeah my friends they all you know the garage, Grand University. Right?
Which you see here is there?
Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. Uh That's
uh yeah a lot of people you know my friends they working in New york city devaluing.
Uh Yeah
they take you take the train who
are
where it is everywhere.
you know what, yes I think the, oh the whole thing is expensive but you know um the other thing I'm not sure you know how people you already shop in new york. New york city they take a train or they take the by car by car is very difficult. Right?
think the they should, you know in the community they should have a lot of grocery stores so you know you just walk to it, you know buy stuff.
the most you know the saying I seek I don't like in new york so you should have your uh you drive a bridge, you have to pay
yeah you have to pay for it.
Mhm.
Yeah georgie are just you know just uh two days. Yeah I think uh I'm not trolling person so probably that fit that that's what makes you move from you know New Jersey to Large here.
Well
try.
yeah it's difficult inventor. Uh
No not at all. Well I never see snow in florida.
No we couldn't um Yeah we have the only thing you hear is just you know uh we have the hurricane season you know right now. It is better. Yeah usually you know. Yeah so you you just uh watch the actually not you know yeah you just watch the weather you know a little bit more careful drying the hurricane season.
two to prepare you know get some water, some food uh ready before you know things. Um
Yeah I was in North Park I think Georgia. What's that here? You know the building the house the hell no basement. How about Georgia?
No Base commander. Right.
Yeah. Do you know the reason or? no I'm
not
but I know.
was a stranger. Oh you know
why why why didn't they say you know because because he is close close to water some because of the you know the groundwater level is high. I'm not sure about that.
but I I reserve there's no basement.
No
no any you know. Yeah they have a basement. No.
Yeah
yeah
usually
your uh see the like Carbon E. New Jersey the building uh you know stand alone housing the your earlier secondary right about the ground here most is you know just one story just uh
we do how uh you know secretary 2nd 22 storey building but uh half half power. Yeah yeah
but the definitely
definitely they didn't build the basement. That's
the
that's the interesting uh saying I observed yeah
You know.
Mhm.
So
your career uh well when you work came down it's really quite quite a busy schedule. Uh
definitely, definitely. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah
I'm
not you know support
support
person. I just uh
uh studies, stay home but
I do watch some some some game like uh I follow some uh uh competition uh like chinese especially. Yeah
I like the girl uh William yeah
us and hopefully he's really he's really good, you know?
Uh you know probably all the champion U. S. A. U. S. Open. Uh I
love
the
ends. Hello?
No. Yeah.
Yeah.
Japanese.
Oh yeah I probably heard about her but I didn't get a very detailed and very few formula I'm not familiar with, you know?
mm. That's because well William they got older, you know? Yeah.
you got uh Australia open and
you
know.
yeah that's the thing I'm you know trying to keep up with you know the tennis thing uh the other quite you know? Noah because that's uh where I was in college, I play a little bit, that's the so yeah
yeah
So
how
are
you really uh weakened how you spend time with your son?
Yeah
but still uh how big is your family? Your your parents family?
You have brothers, sisters?
right
have one brother, two sisters. So we we focus uh in
my my family.
not bad. Yeah because
you know
I just have one what?
uh they are uh school yeah my daughter in middle school stamens grade yeah This year at christmas. Yeah.
do online. We're all paying. So uh you have a choice to go to classes in person and you have a choice to learn remotely remotely. Yeah. Oh
you can online you can do online study. So I I chose for my doctor pool online.
I don't want to risk that you know I'm a school opening and uh you know close the uh
as a.
It's not good. It's a hard time for everybody.
It's all the time.
Hello?
Oh no we are name name.
Okay Stephen I'm a child. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
You're so nice talking with you. I'm not
here to you know uh
you know
we always
uh we were working we have drug we have you know we can make money to support our family. Right? Good thing.
We we should. Yeah. We work hard. We work hard. Uh
Make more menu. Yeah.
Yeah. It's so nice talking with you. Still still even
that's talking with you. Yeah.
Yeah. You take care and you take care. Okay? Yeah.
Thank you. Thank you.
Bye bye