Yeah. Never Yeah. Yeah. Oh right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, don't do that. What? Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Mhm, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Yeah.
Right. Uh huh. Yeah. Rooms brian.
huh.
No michigan
significantly younger than people I've talked to before. Yeah, I had music playing, I wanted to shut it off so I could hear you properly.
Uh I've been told that it doesn't come through the music the
Oh you killed here. Okay.
Okay. Yeah, that's what I that's what I was told by so I open recently uh see what were you were using? Google duo? Yeah.
My family's been doing uh weekly meeting my siblings and I any other family, but
since like mid april and we used to be able to with Cisco web apps, we used to be able to go for hours what started instituting a 15 minute time limit. I
we tried google duo last week. The sister that hosted was out of town, another sister hosted, we tried google do on, it's got technical issues but it's not that bad.
We
don't
like
I'm sorry what?
Um Yeah they just thought you know with people staying at home, isolation would be good to uh you know have someone else to talk to,
you know, I'm 59 okay um families older so yeah we're spread out all around the country, but
my brother lives maybe five miles away, my sister about six miles away, don't see them much at all. I mean when my kids were younger and my sisters had kids really
close to the same age as my kids, we saw a lot of each other. Yeah,
No, no,
you know, I have my oldest sister's in uh florida, second oldest is in uh Portland area. Uh huh, third all this is in Alabama. Uh next one after that is in colorado uh colorado Springs, which is taking a job in Denver, so,
well she had a house between because they originally moved to Colorado Springs for her job, but then she had worked in Denver for a while and bought a house in between and she had been uh letting people use it and uh what is that app you can rent out your house on an
ant.
but she's had no one in it for a while, so she's gonna go back to that. Uh yeah.
Oh yeah, yeah, I covered everyone but the baby sister, she's in Oklahoma.
Okay, um jeez just outside. Okay. See
yeah, where you from?
Right wow. I thought you'd have more of an accent.
No you don't.
I see you sound slightly british. You do a little bit of that listener not real pronounced.
Some
people have them people have that. I wanted to tell my chiropractor I didn't believe him when he was from South africa. You know they have a real distinct accent and he put it on for me, he could still put it you know? Uh
Yeah I remember when I was young and I first moved into my parents house, I lived with my sister in Missouri and she had picked up a big Missouri accent when she was on the phone with family back home, she dropped it you know you wanna talk like the people you're talking to.
You know I mean some people don't some people don't let their excellent change at all. They don't pick up anything but most people do. Uh huh.
I never actively tried but I noticed you did it you know I mean I didn't pick up pennsylvania but I was only there for a couple of months. Yeah
pardon?
I'm
sorry it might be a bit of a bad connection. I'm gonna try down other things I'm not using right now to see if that helps me. But you're it was garbling you just now so I didn't hear what you were asking
garbling you but you're asking how easy it is for me to sell accents. Well
there's
there's a lot of accidents here in the United States you know
and even I live in suburban metro Detroit but if you get downtown they talked a little you know and uh not wanting to sound racist or anything but black people and there is speak distinctly different than white
people and you know a lot of that is you know they brought a lot of the that stuff up with them from the south but then that changed over the years you know it really depends on your community. I know a guy from Poland, he had been here for 50 years and you could understand them perfectly and he said that when he first moved over here people had a hard time understanding him but he still had a very distinct polish axe.
Well
there's actually a lot of Southern accidents um
you know it kind of depends on what state from and stuff. Um People mistake one for another best because they are not versed in it. I think the most uh distinct is like Cajun around new Orleans. They have a french flair into it, into their accent as well. You also have a lot of people there who came up from caribbean islands and there's little mixing
there of a caribbean flair as well. They get really distinctive sound that is very different from others in the south And
you know in places like texas it's it's much of a western U. S. Accident as it is a southern there. You know. Well most people think of as southern is probably Mississippi Louisiana Georgia sounds people from those places you know uh y'all's the Saudis but you know I think up saying howdy just living in Missouri for a number of years that it's that common there but it is perfectly acceptable there and plenty of people that use it. I don't know it feels more friendly to me
you know. But I also don't limit myself to single greeting. You might say hi, say hello. Uh when I worked amongst the number of black people it hurts. So what's the standard greeting
sub? Yeah.
I see. That was the place where I first learned the £50 too and it wasn't young guys. It was all guys doing that to me
or that I've never done a fist bump in my life. Yeah that was just that was just a few years back.
Say
I love the world. Are people people from spanish speaking countries really do that a lot.
Yeah. But even just a little bit different from everyone else would be noticed?
Anyone accused you of being Australian. Yeah americans can't tell a different suspect.
That's your stereotypical dumb american. The ceiling is part of Australia. Yeah. Yes,
surrounded about around with stupid americans.
How is that being surrounded around with stupid americans, you know?
good.
Uh huh.
Um I once had to go to a car plant in north Tarrytown new york and uh we went and spent the most of the day in new york city course. Then the the other engineer who was traveling with me, he did this actually fairly often, this was in the mid to late nineties and uh airlines frequently overbooked and they would ask for someone to volunteer to get off the plane and they'd give them air miles right in florida, so he could always use the air miles and he did it that until uh he said he was going to go over to Newark, Fly out of newer, we were out of uh I can't remember the big new yorker city airport. Free Airport in new york area.
La guardia guardia, that's where we're flying from. Yeah okay. And then there's Newark.
Oh new york, New york is in New Jersey but you know it's
just across the New Jersey is just across the river, half the city of New york is across this river, no different river other side. But
they have a thing about New Jersey and New york city. Yeah, it's
going to play
Mm Oh that you know, they look down on New Jersey that they're all, you know, either thugs or dumb asses.
Hey, I got to go to the top of the Empire State Building we spent there. Course I had to indulge my companion and go to so many records stars on broadway. There are so many record stores on broadway or their
work then I don't know what maybe there's less because you know, there's not so much vinyl these things, but he had to go into so many, he was looking for rare stuff, you know,
it's
kind of fun, you know, just being on broadway, walking down that street in new york city and stuff. I enjoyed. That was nice. Most of the trips I did for jobs were that is interesting and spend a week in las Vegas. I went through a lot of um, you know, it's just to see him, you know. But
yeah, no, I never gambled, gambled anything. I think it's, I think it's gambling is foolish for people who don't understand math.
Yeah, of
course. Another
time we went to Vegas for a reunion kind of thing. My brother had made the decision, he was going to spend 300 that was it. It's like that's that's good. You know, it was for him, it was investment in entertainment. And he said at that point he was up to seven or $800 but he ended up losing it all. And then I feel like he needed to get any more money out and gamble anymore, you know?
I think he wanted to do it just to see what it was. Like
all these people around you are doing it, you know,
and some
of them seem like they're having a good time. Say a lot of people that don't really look like a good time to camp lying. They're mostly at slot machines though. Yeah,
there's no entertainment value there. You know,
you push a button, they do a lot of funny pictures and stuff. Mm,
All
hmm. Okay.
Sometimes I can see it.
Oh, I used to play cards with friends a lot, but you know, we do like nickel Annie, you know, so no one has ever actually risking anything significant.
Um You're, you're limited to nickel bats. You can, you can do a lot of raising, but it's only a nickel to play around, you know? Uh Hey, one night I got went home with $8. Doesn't sound like much, but when it's a nickel at a time,
kind of a big deal,
you
know? And other days I lost a few bucks, you know, so what, it's just a couple bucks because now, mind you, this was, you know, uh 30 some years ago. So I think we should be doing more today if we're doing it today.
we were just playing poker. Usually we'd play five card stud, but we varied games. We shifted the deal around the table and beverage of the dealer felt like playing you know. Yeah. Makes it more interesting not to play the same card game over and over
unless you're really determined, you know, for that game like the they never played texas hold em but I've seen it to me that seems like that's a whole lot less interesting but I can see. Mhm. Because everyone knows most of your cards. Yeah
and everyone has the identical same three cards. Yeah it's definitely a different game, you know? Mhm.
Oh there's three cards played up, they're in everyone's hand, you get two cards,
so
you're
making a five card hand out of the, everyone
gets
you know, So if you have a pair and it's the same as one of those cards, you're probably the winner, you know?
That's the other thing though, there's no throwaways and drawing more cards either. And uh that
changes it as
well,
so
what do you do for a living?
Can I found a job yet? Are you looking
He said teaching? What?
Well
my
my middle child is uh he should graduate this year, he's german language and literature, he wants to be a college professor, so he's probably going to go for a master's degree and teach german somewhere at least. That's that's that's his plans, that's his hopes.
Yeah, that'd be pretty cool to be able to say. Yeah my son's professor be really cool, although likely he wouldn't start off as a professor, you know, just a teacher or assistant or something like that.
require ph to be depending on what school he said, you know? Yeah,
I was an engineer before I became disabled. Uh And then I did nothing for a lot of years, my conditions a little better and my son's school needed more money. Uh This mother that she should borrow money and I was like well let me get a part time job, you know? And I've been working part time since 2016 um in april when I read hypertension could cause me to gets sick and if I got sick you have permanent damage or die more likely than anyone else. Um
I went on the leave of absence and then they terminated my employment june 10th. So officially employed. Yeah.
I get social security every month, it's almost $2000 a month.
And with me not taking any Children to school or anything else, I mean I put a couple gallons in my car a couple weeks ago and maybe a half a tank in in april and that's it. So I'm hardly spending anything on gas. My insurance um was reduced mm. Um So my expenses are less so I could probably get by just on the Social Security right now. Um
Our
lives
relax
again,
this is breaking up and I heard some of those words but not all of them. He said did that allow you to?
Um Well currently um I'm saving a lot more because I've gotten unemployment um before that maybe 1000 or $2000 a year. Not very much um between becoming disabled and actually getting Social Security. I had used to have a lot of savings and most of that went bye bye. Just you know surviving. But you know back then my wife wasn't working, she's not my ex wife and she's had a job for a long time. Um So
get by on less than what we used to get by on. But I also back when I was making a lot of money and put a lot of it in savings because I knew someday you know, we want
to
earn stuff like that.
So I don't have nearly what I what I should have because I know that what I get on Social security, that that would not make a very good um nursing home kind of thing when I read that some day. I mean because I probably will someday. Uh
huh.
All
I have a chronic pain condition. It's called fibromyalgia. Uh It's named partly for mild facial tissue which is between everything in your body, between every muscle and every other type of tissue. Every tissue difference. There's my official tissue in there. And so that indicates can be everywhere. Just f Y. I that's 25 minutes. That's how long we're supposed to do this if you want to keep talking.
I
mind.
Oh, well, it was it was really disabling way back then. Uh I was using a cane and
stuff for a while. But uh doctors chain done other treatments and change medication. The biggest change was putting me on morphine. Bad thing about morphine. I have to get a lot of urine tests to serve concerned that person get addicted to morphine except I don't get and enjoy it. Obama more friend. I just get enough to mostly control the pain. I mean, 100% control. But it's better control than ever had been. I had gotten up to £272 because I eat a little chocolate and M and M and you get tiny little endorphin rush. And that was actually better than the pain control that they hit about 20 years ago. And so I slowly put on a lot of weight. But when I got on the morphine I was actually able to um lose some weight. Exerts some will control. Um
I'm not down to what I should be but kind of flat towed around £200 because I was I was £160 for a large part of actually how about half my life was about £150. And I got married and up to 160 a few years but I stayed there. Mhm. I mean that was that was more of an adult way anyway, so I mean at 1 50 I was exceptionally thin. Yeah.
Yeah. You probably what?
Well what are you in kilograms? I can convert it pretty quick.
So
that might be
132. Maybe. 1 35.
Yeah, that's what I just did
started.
I
mean it's not it's not exactly 2.2, no. Yeah.
So you were an adult small. Sure. Right.
Do you so you like like a baggie? Remember when you were small when I was thin? It it fit? That's snugly. But it fix my skin,
pardon?
What?
Well
this this is an extra large. You know,
and it's not real bag. It's just a little extra space.
But I got a lot of two Xs and even three Xs. And my concept from when I was heavier. Yeah. So I still wear them, you know because
that's bad. Yeah, looses, comfortable snug is uncomfortable, but you know. No. Well, um I was reading a book, heard of this, one of the best books I've ever read. I read it in the past, I'm rereading it now if you don't like science fiction you're not gonna like it. But
yes I used to write read a lot of mysteries I think that was because my parents read a lot of mysteries you know. So I got started there and I read a lot of other things. I mean the very first book I ever read was Tom Sawyer and filed that immediately at Huckleberry Finn as you spent the summer. Yeah my grandparents in Kansas while my mom finished up her degree. Um she had dropped out of college to have Children after getting married but then she could not when she went back to work they wouldn't promote or past a certain level so she wanted to finish her degree and so she kept the younger ones with her and dad but the older ones home after a couple of weeks. And uh yeah eventually I got bored enough reading a book.
Uh Hook me. Huh. There's a bookshelf right behind you. A bunch of books here is a whole bunch of books, there's more books over in my bedroom and I'm also used the library. Oh. Uh huh.
I had
this professor in college virtually every wall of his house was covered with bookshelves and then they would be too deep and pull this book out there in the book behind it. The guy they had $10,000 in his house at least.
Oh but he had the greatest sense of humor, dr jones and his wife was also dr jones, she was a librarian after it was in library science and this was in english um in my wife was in the english department. That's how I got to know them so well. Great. Wonderful people. Really Miss him.
Yeah. I probably should have to figure out how to get in contact with anyone that I haven't talked to in so long.
it is, it is got in contact a couple years back with the guy who was best man, my reading. I hadn't seen him in years. Um, uh, he died but I'm really glad that we were able to reconnect before he died.
Yeah. He uh, he had been in the Marine Corps Monsters time at Camp Lejeune while Camp Lejeune, which is north Carolina. It turned out they had a toxic waste dump that leaked into the groundwater. They poisoned everybody
on the camp for years
and years before they figured that one out. So, uh, he had kidney failure. That's what he died.
Yeah, it's fucked up. But he's gone. Howard's marine. He was, oh, he's he's huge, big shoulders built man. And he counted how many women he had sex with. It was it was in the thousands
he was that guy. But I still liked him.
He was still my best friend in college. Yeah, I think completely the opposite, you know? Uh huh.
I see. He's a year older than me. This was two years ago. So he had been 58.
No, he never married, nope handle it. Had a lot of nieces and nephews that gave a shit about him though.
That's nice. You
know, I could go visit his facebook page today and they're still maintaining it. They'll say things about bottom on the anniversary of his birthday or the anniversary of his death and stuff like that and chat with them just, you know, because we're remembering the same guy even though we never left.
It
was very nice meeting, you know. Nice to do. You have a great day,