Hello.
I'm jane nice
to me.
I'm living in Rhode Island's at the moment and providence.
No where is it all?
No I didn't hear anything
no no I couldn't I couldn't hear anything.
well
mhm. You've been touched?
Is that
right? Is that this um to stay in touch with them because you
can't
meet
up with them normally?
Is that just to stay in touch with you with them?
Yeah. Yeah for sure.
they're more,
Mhm.
so even or even before she once in each other lunch?
No?
that's right
for
Airbnb yeah.
Quite a big family.
Okay. I don't actually know what whereabouts is Oklahoma.
Yeah but I'm gonna have to look at where Oklahoma is. I'm not actually from the U. S.
Um I just moved here from New Zealand about a month ago. Uh Yeah. Yeah.
Well I don't know I don't I wouldn't say I have a particularly strong new Zealand accent because I before
that, yeah, before, before New Zealand, I lived in England for 10 years. Um
no, I've been, well I've been living with an american for the last month, so I think I have quite a malleable accent, so I'm sure it's changed even
in just
I don't know, I find it hard to put on an accent I guess. Um I don't know, but I do notice that depending on who I talked to, it does change lightly, I can feel feel my mouth making a different shape. Um
yeah, it's interesting,
I think, well, when I moved over from England, um New Zealand inside the people itself in play and so I really want to pick up. So I tried, you know, I actively tried to um get a new Zealand accent uh and that might have meant that my voice could change more, like would naturally changing conversation more,
you know the difference between
states, normal difference in it? That's right, can you, can
you?
I was just, I was just wondering how is it you can tell with? Yeah, yeah,
I can't
hold it,
you know?
europe,
Yeah, other countries, definitely, but so in the United States, I find it difficult so actions unless Oh yes, 11 that's got, yeah um and then the southern
accent do not have the music.
Yeah,
Well.
No.
Yeah, fair enough.
that's three standard in new Zealand,
Birth
that's fine.
Yeah, that's interesting back back to the accents though. Um There's only this, there's only the only accident difference in new Zealand that I could pick up was that people from the South Island um slightly roll their r's a bit more and us, that's the
only difference really.
that's far more than anyone in New Zealand. Um That's got a bit of a batch of it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so people people from the south to that uh South island woman and North Island, I was from the North Island, so. Yeah,
No, no, I was out in California one time and I mentioned was from New Zealand and they said oh that's in Australia, Right, just that's the stereotype of America.
Dinner,
what's that, sir?
Um unfortunate now I'm not, but
that was just when I went visiting about a year ago. Um Yeah now yeah now I'm on the east coast and Rhode island and non actually one person confused me. Um About
a week or two ago. One person confused. More frustrating but yeah generally pretty good. Yeah. Have you ever been to that side of the world?
JFK
On his new york difference in new york
father.
well. Mhm.
then
they don't like the what's the thing?
True. That's funny.
well.
Every man
everything.
It wasn't for that purpose.
Yeah fair enough. Yeah
I
want to.
I thought to do it. I give you something that you're happy happy losing and then yeah if that's what you want to do that it's money well spent.
Yeah. See how
there has
no.
I've had I've had a got slots
it's kind of fun.
that's right yeah I've done it I've done that a few times because in new Zealand it's legal everywhere. Um So you
could pretty much every part we're going to has has a gaming room and so if you offered jump on slots and no I never spent that much. Maybe like 20 bucks. Yeah
it's just fun times in there.
Yeah two of my friends have been pretty successful on it like get up by a few $100 across you know a number of weeks
we're going to have to explain Nicollin into me.
yeah that's a lot
that's a lot of
ones
Yeah maybe a quarter. Mhm. What kind of car what cards did you play?
So
right
I'm tired much parker I'm not too familiar with the rules of texas hold'em.
And yes
and
you
don't look.
Yeah so you pair up your organized with those three.
Yeah. All right so it gives you it gives you more understanding. Well you have one.
so
and
then just straight
you get locked out.
Um the question I just moved here a month ago.
Yeah I'm not I've found it. So two things up um online teaching um teaching a foreign language um
in english as a foreign language. I'm just looking at that moment and
are connected to our story otherwise I'll accept your payment. Yeah it's very hard
to find a job.
Yeah. Very sweet.
Yeah Might might take a few years together. Yeah.
Yeah most likely. What about yourself?
Mhm.
Oh, this is a bunch of us. Mhm.
Really? That's sweet.
That allows you to and allow
you to,
does that allow
you to go or
is that just right,
saved?
Yeah.
you
know.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah.
Uh
huh. How did
you become able if you don't mind me asking them?
That's
it.
I am interested about your condition
or
that's good.
Yeah, I'm probably like, so he's wiped out in pounds.
I just got to work it out in pounds because we do everything in Kgs
I'm about 65. So
about
for you.
Uh is it 2.2 point £2.2 kg?
Yeah. Yeah. So yeah,
around the pretty
light.
Something around over.
I actually went large.
As small as on my shoulders
small is far too tight on my shoulders. It might be a
little bit baggy around the but I'm sorry. So it might fit nice
around,
No.
Yeah, I like I like the extra.
Yeah, comfortable though.
Answers. I haven't read much science fiction.
Yeah. Yeah, those ones is
that's good leverage. Probably I'm getting love
these.
Since then,
Yeah, you should reach out.
That's the joys of social media.
outside to hear that,
Shit.
Well,
That's so bad.
Thousands. Right.
What?
How old is this? How old was he when he thought?
did he marry?
All
that's good.
yeah, that's cool.
That's right.
it's a