How are
you?
I'm pretty good. Mhm. Is this your first time doing this kind of survey?
wow. I've
done
like, I've done four but over four weeks.
Listen,
I had a bunch of those two and then the last person said, my audio didn't work and I'm like 95% sure it works. So I I even tested it before this because I was like, no, no, that doesn't seem right.
Well,
you
know what?
She had headphones on? It was killing me. I'm like, maybe maybe pull that. I'm even like, gesturing, like,
but
we
edit
I
should have written it, but I was like, you know, at this point, I'm giving up on the conversation, What
are you gonna
do?
basically
my
I'm
like, that's going to be an awkward, it's not the awkwardness. Wasn't even aware that I was like,
I'm ipad
you can keep the money
and
and it was like five minutes of this, too. I'm like, I don't understand. She's like, okay, whatever you do, but it still
pays you
even
when you don't
yeah, might as well. Yeah. I'd say most of most, most of the interviewers were like pretty much direct on in the time flew. But one of one of the people was like yeah kind of slow and just distracted and doing something on the computer and it's like all right, I'll just yeah,
it's a pretty good pretty good paying task. Do you do you work on other sites or just this one? Uh huh.
I
don't
like it.
well yeah. Even as a younger person, they won't I haven't gotten any uh any work off them and I've applied to a bunch of them so
that pretty much. Do you do do you do any like amazon turk or any of that?
Yeah. They're very selective. and it's not it's not clear why or who they select to get into it, are you?
Yeah. I mean everyone's looking for different things. I'm sorry. That's why Wendy. Stop you go go go down. Thank you. All right. She's she loves attention. All right. Um I'm sorry about that.
Exactly. I mean especially we've been home like together nonstop lately because of all this covid stuff. So it's like anything new. She's like what's going on? But this is different.
that's
just
she she really does. It's been I've been working on that a lot but I found like I feel like a lot of chew toys and a lot of walks and uh and a lot of playing has helped kind of bring that down a bit. Okay.
All
yep. When
I first got the house she chewed everything that was wooden, everything.
yeah I bought it, I might, you know, I might rent in the future, but for now, I mean it could just paint over it, luckily, I mean the person who had it before me, their dog did the same thing, so my dog just kind of made it worse, so
you're going to do, I'm I don't let it bother me, but I really should have had more toys looking back on it.
Okay, Rhode island,
how about
he's
going
ocean mist,
Ocean mist, maybe something like that.
Yeah, I think it's like 40 miles by like 24 miles or something like that, I mean you can bike it pretty easily. Uh
Yeah, yeah, it was it's a pretty good place to grow up, kind of expensive. So where where are you, where are you living? Oh I always wanted to be there. Always wanted to go.
awesome. That sounds great. Must must be kind of like getting chilly by now or
Yeah. Yeah, same here. Same here. True.
Yeah, I feel like it's competitive but in a good way I think it kind of moves everyone forward.
absolutely.
Yeah. Well, you know, it's almost like it better off like it's on them if they don't like it, I should have the gall to tell you it's kind of my thing. I just keep moving wow,
I'm kind of the same way I, I never pick up on it until I'm looking back and I go oh yeah, maybe, maybe I just read it but by then it is what it is, I'm moving on. So
you said you were doing a lot of touring and stuff like that. What kind of work is that? Uh huh
Oh wow. That must
be tough work now with everything going on. I mean,
yeah, I'm sorry for that. Sorry to hear that.
huh, 100%. I've never had more time to think about my life and It's maybe it's not 100% a good thing, but it happened and I learned a lot man, I learned a lot about myself and how I got here and you
know.
Yeah, we all need time away at some point at some point. You know, I just, for me I need to process, I need to remove from the situation 100%, especially when it gets too hot. Things are Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah, that's, I can't imagine I've been single through this so I got enough. But if that's a lot of close proximity.
it
It sucks. It sucks quick at that. Usually don't mind
being single, but this is rough.
I mean, I don't know. I've been putting myself out there more. But yeah, it's been it's been a dry patch that's for sure.
there.
But that you can be both. It sounds like there's like two vaccines now. So every monday we find out about the new vaccine. So I don't know. Hopefully we'll be back in business pretty soon
or
Yeah. It's the most realistic, you know, plan I think
or
Yeah. Well I think you know, maybe like a treatment or something like that. There's still like a lot of uh I mean if you think from where we were just six months ago, at least they've had so much time to look at this thing. And I mean I feel a little bit reassured, but you know here is what it is, I'm working from
home, so I get to say that I used to I had to work in an office through all of this, especially at the beginning, I saw like thousands of people at the beginning because I work in a face to face situation and uh
so I'm glad to be working from home, I have to say it's a lot more comforting being able to do that.
Oh my God, no, to the point where yeah, to the, to the detriment of everyone else, because now they have to like come in right away and hit the work where where there is usually pretty laid back, there's definitely way less work getting done at the office, I'm kind of jealous on that front, but trade up, I've
never been
more productive.
absolutely,
I'd say like maybe a foreign language, I do that with my job, there's a lot of spanish, so I just immerse myself in that no one wants to take the spanish cases, so I'm the first one and I just, I just totally like, you know, if you listen to it every day, you start to kind of get it a little bit more, I just see him, I look for little things like that language has always been pretty big, but
that's
one.
Well definitely, I mean, you need to hear it every day, no matter what I mean, I feel like no matter what the languages, right?
well I did, you know what, as you say that my last girlfriend before this was Dominican and it did help. That was pretty fun, so that definitely does. No, yep.
Yeah,
I started um I want to say like maybe may And
um, it's been pretty great. It's been like, I don't know, like 300 tasks and like £300.. And so
yeah, do you have the browser extension
and
I swear. All right. So this is where my conspiracy theories come in and it's like the more, the more you do them and the more like, you know, the more your stats are good, like less are returned and things like that. I think you like, you just get more and more and more because now I'm at the point where I have extras and I don't want to do them. I'm just, I'm busy. But like when I started off, it was slow. And then every time you check it, it's already like everyone's gone. Like, you know, like the survey shows up, but there's zero entries or whatever. Um
Course.
And the pay is the pay is like gone down not on this thing, but on amazon mturk it's gone down significantly. It was like, it was really sweet when it hit at first. I mean you were getting great surveys and then right around like june, it's really dried up. Right. I mean, I'm pretty lazy on my standards is like, I'm not gonna work something that's pennies for anything more than, you know, I don't know, five minutes. Like I really, I just screamed for the best. So I'm sure if you grind it out, but at some point it doesn't even seem worth the electricity. I'm not going to work for like a penny for, you
know, But
Well that's like probably the best thing about this site is they're very transparent. Like any time there's an issue, I mean you can usually pretty resolve it. Um Yeah, there was once where there was one attention check. The guy was gonna like fail to hit. He was going to say like this is your last chance to return. And I was like uh I challenge, he's like, do you challenges? I was like yes, yes
I
do. And he's like, okay, well uh blah blah blah, I'll try to return it, I'll try to set it up so you can return it so that I don't deny it. And then he's like, oh well I can't I can't do that. So I'm just gonna I'll prove it. I'm like yeah, that's right because I just hate that about like amazon turk is you just gotta views you do so many like surveys and then they mess you out of like the survey code or stuff like that. I'm like that's just the lowest of the low. Come on.
Like like like I just do it because whatever, it fights boredom and you know, for me, I actually like very about the mortgage, so I want to pay a certain amount every day. So I'm like, all right, if this is a way for me to pull money from the air and do that, I'm not going to go my go nuts over it, luckily had worked through all of this.
It's
super easy, convenient uh side job, you know, like instead of working like at a gas station or something like that on the weekends, this is like something you can do from home, you don't really have to like, you know, I mean, I feel like the more effort you put in, the more it pays off like anything. Yeah.
100%
yep. 100% at the same thing for a job. And they said, you know, on the profile, I said I'm always looking for a job and so they said also you're actively looking for a new job as like, you know, whatever, you know, like like no, today I have a job, but I'm always kind of the phrase, I'm always looking for something, but that's they took it as like you're actively unemployed and looking for a job and therefore you fail. I'm like, well no, that's on you, there's a filter for this, like come on,
that's why I really do love prolific. I think prolific is gonna like strangle out, I think amazon. Well, I mean who's who dare say someone trailing allow amazon, but this is one of the things where I think there's only so much money in it and amazon loves to compete, but they're not that competitive compared to this. Uh huh.
No.
But more than not.
More
than
not be
quick. Yeah, I love that seeing and you can and it's instant and you know, I kind of I like that I pay attention to the power now. I never really paid attention to currencies. So I'm learning that
but
100% I'm huge into investing. So this is like another thing to you know, just kind of piqued my interest. I'm like okay, currencies and
all right, so the pound does this when the market does that? All right, this is interesting. You know?
wow, Very jealous. I've been I've been dying to get over. There is probably one of the first places I want to go once. I can't leave the country where you are you in the city or were you somewhere else? All right
okay so north of a little bit north. Cool
and
much
more,
wow. So what do you
think
of that?
So did you stay did you stay in England for college too?
What?
Oh yeah you can turn that damn shoot. That sounds
great.
same here on the first time. Well I'm the first to stick it through. They both tried but they couldn't finish so I'm the first one.
No
yep feels good.
Yeah it took a lot of work. I mean I I you know I had to commute most of the time so I mean I locked out because I didn't have that massive bill over my head either though so it kind of paid off.
no no I went to um the two state school. I went to community college for the first two years because it was astronomically cheaper. And the credit credits transferred over. So I went to U. R. I. To finish out and so I lived off campus for like a year and then I was like I cannot hack this, this is too expensive. So you comb and I commuted to community to finish it off.
All
Uh Yeah. Probably in a weird way. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah luckily it was with my old man because my folks split so it was it
was so that was kind of cool because it was just me and the old man so we could get into trouble.
So
Yeah it might have been too much trouble so I don't know. But uh but he helped me out though. If I couldn't have stayed with him I wouldn't have been able to save up enough money to get out be where I'm at now that's for sure.
100% yeah I believe that.
But
but these are these are pretty good though, I've got to say this has been one of the most enjoyable, especially when the conversation is enjoyable. I mean I can't say that but in any of them that they haven't been I mean there was that one conversation with they didn't pay attention but like I said otherwise this has been pretty enjoyable for me I think I mean you know
yep. And
I got
it
marked.
then
they show
up and
then they can't
hear
you.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm talking over you.
I
will
I think we got about three minutes right we
spoke
I'm supposed to talk for that And then I finished the questions. I'm gonna leave this on while I finish out the questions because I'm just I like to make sure I would hate for someone to say like, oh it was only 24 minutes and 39 seconds. So therefore,
but I don't think that this this hit has always been good. They've always been very um pretty good. Better up I pay attention to like who kind of makes the survey. Qualtrics is an up and comer. Let me see.
Well, I mean you can still, Qualtrics is owned by S. A. P. And their stock took a big hit. So it could be a time to look into them. Um But they should they're going to be doing an I. P. O. At some point, they say so you could just buy quality. It's outright I'm waiting on that with bated breath.
everything's worked. I wouldn't I wouldn't I couldn't tell. Yeah.
Yeah. Scream me out. That's kind of my thing. If you let me take the thing that's on you. I mean, come on, block me out ahead of time.
Uh Tomorrow tonight I'm gonna eat some food and I think I'm gonna relax and hit to bed early. I get up pretty early in the morning, so I think I uh I'm not gonna make it much longer.
How about yourself?
They really are. It's like you have to find the right one. I think I found like the right mask my employer gave me one pretty early on and I just held onto that thing. But then it gets stretchy and then it starts dripping down over your nose. So good luck to you. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm. That is
uh That's definitely a handy skill.
Shoot well, good luck to you and your mask endeavors. And it was honestly, it was a great pleasure talking to you
himself as well. Have a great day.
All right. So,