Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm Hello,
I'm
good, how about you?
This is my fourth, my fourth person in four days. So I've done this is uh I feel like I've done a lot of these Wait, wait,
how
about you?
I've done four and four days. I I think um I did one the last uh so I'm on number five right now of total, so I think I have two more left in me. Yeah, it's crazy. But but uh but for this like oh this is the seventh time I've tried to talk to someone, the first three people just
never showed up,
Well I hear you, so they must be having problems
on
their
end.
You
should
hold
the sign up or something or
no.
because
can
you imagine that conversation afterwards,
You're going to like go, oh
that person is so dumb, I can't talk to them
first.
No,
not at all.
Yeah. You know because
they're just going to be others.
my
my
husband
had someone who just uh they didn't talk to him for for like 10 minutes, they were just talking to their their friend and and so uh he just waited.
Yeah.
just joined D Scout, which I've never done before and it's kind of weird, I don't know if I like it yet, I don't think I'm going to like it, it
sounds
like
young person's game.
well, excuse them. Right,
I I I wish I could get into the mturk, but I feel like I'm on a waiting list from hell.
no, I mean I'm educated, but I'm probably old for them, so I'm 46, so I'm probably really old.
no problem. My dogs right next to me who is like going, who's talking, Who's talking? And then it's like
And does she um if you leave the house, does she
get
really upset? Does she have anxiety issues?
dog is destructive
when I leave the house. Uh Okay.
Mhm.
At least you're not renting it, right, You're you bought it? Right.
Ha ha ha
Where do you live?
Rhode Island, wow. I've
been
choosed.
Yeah, I've been to Rhode Island a few times for I used to tour which shows and we played uh right by the breakers. I don't know where exactly it was, but but
the hope.
maybe like that. Yeah, it was. But one of my cast members, he his family lived in Rhode Island. So we want to do the best family and then I don't know, it seems Rhode Island, you can blink in your gone, you went through it. So I I really love how easy it is to get through that skate.
That's amazing. And it's beautiful. There's, you know, on the ocean is awesome. And um, you know, some of those houses are just amazing.
Yeah, it's a, it's a, I live right in the wake, um, uh, In a five story walk up and I love it.
It is, but it's been like playing, playing with us because yesterday it was like 60, but now it's like 35. So it's like, come on.
the east Coast are able to grad school on the East coast and then then, uh, it's a different mentality. I kind of like it
well. And there's also, people tell you what, exactly what, how they feel. So you don't have to guess. Like,
like, like in Minneapolis, they call it Minneapolis Nice. So I was working in a place and I had no clue. People didn't like me because they never told me they didn't like me. So, uh, so I assume they liked me and when I found out after I quit that they hated me, I was like, oh, wow, I didn't correct them wrong. And so I, uh, you know, I sent them a little notably, so if you don't like me, you have to tell me you don't like me grow up guys.
I mean,
you should
stage management. So it's, uh, for theaters, I worked for the second City, which is a comedy theater in Chicago.
What?
There's no work now,
you know, it's fine now. You know, it's, you know, it's, uh, I feel like I've been on the go for so many years that this was, uh, the universe hitting me in the forehead going take a break.
I
learned a lot about my relationship. I mean, I'm like, oh my God, I never thought I would be, you know, when the first three months when I couldn't, we couldn't leave, it was like, holy shit, I really, you know, I love it. But I just couldn't. I mean, I just, I mean, I don't want to do that again.
We are we on the roof of our building. So I go up there occasionally, but it was still too close.
But also being single must be like, you know, I, I could, I
couldn't imagine that either.
Thanks.
Well, you know the Center for Disease Control, they sent out a a guidelines for hookups and I was like, I laughed so hard. It was amazing. I was like, you go, you know, I mean? Yes.
Well, I hope it, I hope this gets better soon. So you don't
have to go through a dry patch much longer because it's
Yeah. I'm
hoping by summer. I mean that's my my my my you know, and I think that a lot of people are thinking summer will be probably good.
Yeah. You know, I mean, you know, since our former are soon to be former president, he's going to take all the credit for everything. So we should
just, you know, see what others vaccines he's going to pull out of his bag.
You know,
youth.
I thought you're never late.
But
this
Yeah, I've learned skills. I've learned that it's so masked. I am. I've taken every Photoshop. Of course I could possibly take. Uh I'm uh I've learned how to cook too. You know, things I never thought I would cook. Uh I don't
know what else is next. I have to figure out what next is because I I'm getting bored again and when I get bored it's not good.
well
then I would
have to get a spanish lover then, you know, I mean, because that's the best way to do it, right?
I don't know. I took spanish in high school, so maybe I, I don't know.
Yeah. Uh so,
uh have you done prolific for a long time or
me?
That's awesome.
I do.
But I'm like a slowpoke are my computer's a slowpoke so it gains and by the time my computer decides to go to that page, it's all taken.
Well, I think now that people are at home more that this is just, you know, people are just
crazy, you know, they need something to do and they'll jump on anything and
no.
And then I hate these that they say that it's like five minutes and it takes me like 15 and I'm like, what's wrong with me? And I like, I always send notes to the people, I guess I complain all the time with the pro flu. Epic.
ha
ha.
Especially for like 50 cents, you know, I mean?
yeah, I mean, I think it's a great, uh, you know, I mean great. Uh, way too, you know, for like a beer money or presents fund or you know, once, you know, get back to normal and you know, it will be, I'll still do this once I go back, you know, if I go back to work and all that. But because it's, it's silly money, it's, it's
stupid money.
yeah, I've been fighting them. Uh, you know those stupid questions about the ladder, you know, you know, you're on, what number are you? And I got dinged for an attention check saying that uh, my answers to match and I fought it and I won because I was like, okay, so today, you know, I might feel like I'm in an eight, but
tomorrow I could be in a five.
I'm smarter than you, so stop it, you know?
and I loved it, how fast they pay. I mean, you know, there's been a couple where they,
they like hung until the last moment and then they had to pay anyways, but
that's that,
it's
been
easy.
yes. So you exchange it right at
the right moment? Right
off.
Yeah, I love it. I love it. I lived in England for a year, my senior year of high school. So I, I, you know, I've always uh and need the parliament
when I was in Wigan, which was right after the Manchester,
Yeah,
so
I
spent my senior year of high school there,
you
know
what? It was uh it was great, it was, I wasn't at home and I I was uh you know, I was, you know, I lived with a great family and it was wonderful and uh and I went right to undergrad from there and I, you know, and I've never looked back. So
no, I came back here to the States. I I I I went to uh Augustana
for undergrad, which is this little Lutheran college in Illinois that gave me a free ride, so I should, I went,
no,
and then my, my youngest brother followed me there, so it was really nice because we were the first people to think about going to college and our family.
Yeah, I'm
the first to finish.
I love it.
Did you go to Brown or?
Work. I bet your
parents loved having you back. I mean,
know I mean moms I mean it seems like moms who would want that my mom when it went back. But I but you know real mom
are
you
know how bachelors on the sprawl that must have been fun.
Well, you know things happen for a reason, right?
Yeah, I am. I believe it
too. I believe that you know everything that happens. You know there has to be you know, I try to find a reason and if I can't find a reason and um I make up a reason my head I I have to stop that. But uh but uh but I just love, you know, I mean you know life is just so strange and you know the you know these things are really strange talking to a stranger like like like we've talked before, you know it's like it's so you know it's been so easy and
yeah, I love it. I I I you know, it's so weird looking forward to this just like I'm like I hope the person shows up because you know it's always right
because
you
set
your time, you know, and it's like ah we
must
be hitting
time
soon,
aren't
we? What?
No
problem,
no problem. We must be hitting time soon, aren't we?
that's
good.
All
You know if I I I should have invested in called tricks and zoom before this pandemic and I would be rich.
Yeah. Yeah. I love cultures. I mean they're they're super, these are good and uh and I loved it. You know, so I'm doing this on my iphone and I know you're not supposed to, but I got done all of them on my iphone and because it's easier than going on my computer.
Uh you know at night, you know, I hate when they're like, oh yeah, you know, you can't use this form, are you this uh uh you can't use your florida, you can't use that and then you try it and it works anyway, so come on.
Uh So are you gonna do tonight anything?
that's all.
Yeah. You know, I don't know. I've been showing some masks I've been experimenting on trying to make the perfect mask because I hate wearing them. And I just want something comfortable. And uh so I've been trying different ones and yeah,
Yeah.
You know, at least like, you know, I was sewing machine so I can fix anything, so it's like, yeah,
it's easy.
Yeah. It's a skill I brushed up on after like 20 years of not doing it. And I was like, Oh, we needed at uh blinds in our bathroom. So I I showed some blinds and then I was like, and then the pandemic happens, and I was like, wow, I guess I should do masks and uh excuse me? Yeah, It's been crazy
pleasure talking to you have a great evening. Get some sleep,
Okay. Talk to you later or not. You know what I mean? By see you?
Yeah. Uh huh. No. All right. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah mm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh Okay. Right. Yeah. Oh mm. Mhm. Mhm. A little bit yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.