Hello.
But
pretty good. How are you?
Tennessee So it's sweltering.
We've had a bunch of storms lately though. Yeah.
Yeah I
live
yeah I live right off Turkey Lakes so unfortunately we've had a couple of really big storms come through and there was a a whole lot of campers. Um And this I don't know how to explain it. It's like a thing that protects the camper. Um It blew up and crashed and had all kinds of damage done to it and then it took a swing set, took trees down. I definitely am glad that I don't live right on the lake.
Cherokee lake.
It's
a it's Cherokee it's
um yeah and uh it's not very big I mean not like I'm from upstate new york so
in upstate new york like Ontario is a big lake. Um I lived right off on night of late but down here this lake it's kind of like almost like the finger lakes. Um Lots of in lights. Um when the storm happened, I mean there were like boats in the middle of the lake that were basically rolled over, they had emergency services down there, it was wild, I drove through it, that's the only reason why I know right
um about let's see now 15, 16 years. Um I got pregnant when I was 16 and my mom decided oh we're gonna move to Tennessee, so we moved here and we kind of never left. Um basically, long story short, my grandmother died and the whole family in new york kind of fell apart, so I had already had kids at that point and so I just kind of started a new life here and Uh huh's was supposed to be watching the baby right now, but he ran out and so basically I've got the bottle into, she should be good for a little while. So basically uh it's been it's been an interesting morning as you can see there's dishes everywhere and it's a mess.
Um I don't miss the snow. Okay. I
I hate like nine ft of snow the year that I was pregnant with my daughter. I went into labor and a tractor had to pull us up the hill and basically once we got up there um he had to get us to a main road before we could get to the hospital. So I don't miss those things. I miss where I grew up but like the differences between down here and up there really aren't that much different. We all have trees, we all have grass. I've been in places like new Mexico and las Vegas and places out west and so for me Tennessee is not that much different than new york only we have mountains. Um But I don't I don't miss new york really. I miss my family and what my family was, but I don't miss it. I I lived in Virginia for three years and I do miss it. I'd go back there in a heartbeat.
I've been all over, my mom was on the road truck driver and then um she had me and decided to like do this teaching thing that she my mom likes to do, like avon and tupperware and like totally fails at, but she spends like all of my dad's money and then when she's really broke, then she has to yard sale at all because she's done messed up. So basically all of our moves across the country have been my mom having these big schemes. She had a donut truck idea one time, which is going to have a doughnut truck down on the beach in florida. So, um we've been all over the country, it's, to be honest it's kind of maddening. I've been in Tennessee for the most of the years though, I've been here 12 years altogether. Um and then 15 technically because I was back and forth from Virginia to hear every couple of months, so even though I didn't live here, my mom still lived here and I've got four kids altogether, so grandma is kind of important at times, even if she's a little crazy.
Um I have a 12 year old going on 18. Um They're all beautiful, they're all home schooled at the moment um and have been for the past year and a half, so it wasn't really a covid thing um It was mainly because they weren't getting the attention that they needed in school, but she thinks that she's like 18 and she can wear like short skirts and stuff like that, and I'm like, oh my God, She's 12, and then I have a nine year old and she likes to build everything. Um She's going to be like an inventor someday because I'm telling you, she comes up with some crazy stuff. Um And then my youngest, that is my blood child is uh eight, and she likes to climb trees and and give everybody heck. Um She's The Little List one, So I'm not saying she's a devil child, okay, I love my Children, but she does have her moments where I'm like, oh my goodness. Um And then my last one, Me and my boyfriend had broken up, we had been together for 10 years, we broke up, I was going for three years while I was gone. The baby was in the middle of all that well. Um She was born in drug exposed, and so her mother had like 16 different drugs in her system and she was so sick that we took her, we basically had to take her up to the medical center and have her in Children's hospital for about a month before she could come out of ICU. Because she was so She had to have morphine like for 17 or 18 days until finally her body could like work without it, otherwise it was just shutting down her body. So um I've had her for now two years, she's two years old, so it goes to 89 and 12 And um a little list one, she's the only one here right now. Um the other two got to go to grandma's for a little while this week, so that's why I scheduled it this week because I was like I don't really know about doing it on a webcam but whatever it doesn't matter. So um I scheduled it this week and had her take them so that I didn't have a loud house and then he was supposed to watch the baby but she's in her room being super super super good right now.
Yeah. Well I didn't expect to, like when I got pregnant at 16, I didn't really know what it was all about. Then when I had my daughter I had a little bit of taste but it was kind of like I was 16 and I had a baby then when I started having the rest of my Children it's like okay adult life has now hit and there's bills and there's rent and all the crap that goes with it. And so basically if I had my choice to redo it and I've told my girls a million times because all of minor girls to I've told him a million times like if I could redo this, I wouldn't read do you? I just I wouldn't do it as early as I did it because now you see me struggle and it sucks. And I feel bad because like the kids across the street have like every toy imaginable. And I mean it comes down to the point where it's ridiculous and they stick stickers all over everything and my kids don't do that because I've taught them, you know, like these are your toys, you have to take care of them because I'm not buying more and the kids across the street will like leave them in the middle of the road and then their toys get smashed and I'm just like, oh my goodness. So with mine they're really, really, really good for kids their age. But I don't know sometimes I get really frustrated because I wish that I could have done things differently so that they had a better future than what they're coming into. Which with covid it's kind of all going crap aly
well right now as far as the whole covid thing I wouldn't send my kids school for nothing. The other thing is like I have over the years I've had to do the flu shot or they couldn't get into certain schools if they do come out with a vaccine with all this. I'm not really so sure I want my kids to have that the reason for home schooling before. Um We we didn't have our own house and basically um I was living at my brothers house and no I mean it's kind of weird story. He stole my E. B. T. Card. Okay
so I was getting food stamps. He stole $600 off my E. B. T. Card And then kicked me out two days later. So my kids were going to school nine miles from his house so it's only nine miles. Like I could take them to school, bring them home. We were fine on gas. It wasn't a big deal. Well when he kicked us out, the only place that I had to go was 50 miles to my mom's and that was it would have been an hour drive for them to go back and forth to school.
So two months before school ended, the year before last they basically had to like skip out for the last two months because of that because we had to move. And it was totally unfortunate but like people people who are and I say this lightly because I'm not judgmental of people whatever you want to do with your life, I don't care. I have my own stuff with my life. But um like, well everybody says, oh, go get subsidized housing or go get food stamps or go get Medicaid or you have no excuses because they have all this government stuff. I mean, all that government stuff is great and all, but sometimes they don't help. It's like when I had babies back in 2008, I got more than enough formula to get me through every month. Now when you get on WIC, for my last baby, she got seven cans of Formula every month for the first six months, Which we were buying at least 12 a month. So there's five cans of formula that we basically, I was spending $100 out of my food stamps to be able to pay for her formula because yes, there's all of these assistant programs, but not all of these assistant programs, they don't cover it all and I don't expect them to cover it all. But when you're low income and you have a family it does get difficult at times. And so basically like I I got food stamps, I got everything that I needed for my Children. And um basically there's stuff that we go without. You know, sometimes we don't have brand new clothes for school. Oh well. Um sometimes there's been years in the past we've had really great christmases and then really not so great christmases and that's just how it's been. So I get a little frustrated and a lot of people are like, ok we'll go get a job. Well my husband's disabled, He had a motorcycle accident three years ago and his back is broken in
13 different places. And and he's basically held together. He's all metal, everything is metal and so um you know he can't, he has a hard time picking up our two year old and so you know move gypsy
to get um you know to get like for him to be home and to watch the baby all by himself. It's hard. Well
he he was a mechanic under the table for quite a long time, Uh like 21 years. And the problem is is if you're If you're working under the table and you don't pay taxes in, then if you get disability you get the lowest amount. So basically he gets like $700 a month. And with that $700 we pay rent, water, electric. And then if there's anything left over that goes towards other things. But basically a lot of people it frustrates maybe. So I'll go out and they'll be like, oh well why do you, are you doing this? Why are you doing that? And I'm like okay, I've signed up for all the assistance, there's not enough to get through. So with this covid stuff going on, it's kind of even worse. Um to be honest, and I don't think I want to send my kids, one of my biggest problems is I think that people need to build an immunity to the virus. Just like we all build an immunity to the flu. But like I was really sick in last november. Really sick, like respiratory issues. Now I do smoke cigarettes. So that's half of my problem, but
it's pretty
much
the,
well and I've quite a bunch of times, but it's kind of like one of those things where it's the only thing that I get to do that, it's mine and I'm the one that buys them. So
it's
like, you know, like some of the extra money that I make on prolific and on this or on that I that's what I spend it on. Instead of getting like these $30 makeup palettes that all the girls are getting. I'm 30 years old, I don't have time for that stuff. I've got four kids that got to do better than me. So basically, um I'm just worried about congregating our Children in a big group and then the fact is, is like not everybody is being as sanitary as somebody or some people and I'm not um gypsies lay down, I'm not going to judge other people. It's just like, I'm not, I wash my hands, I make my kids watch my hands or wash their hands. I don't run around and worry about every single germ. I grew up on 160 acres of blueberries in upstate new york, My papa, he has a farm stand on route 13 and I mean he's got rows and rows of blueberries. I was knee deep in the pond or in blueberries or running through the woods, you know what I mean? So I don't, I guess it be censored my Children to an extreme, but sending them to school does kind of scare me because it's like, ok, let's put them all together so they all can get sick and come home just like they did with the cities. You know, they're like, they closed down all the cities and then they let them open back up and then expected. Well, why is everybody gets sick? Well, I so yeah,
that's
do it
the speaker.
Okay, well I do that. I do it the cheater way. Um I get little pamphlets. You can go on amazon and there's little workbooks that you can get. It's called the pace series, P A C. E. Or uh it's A C E. But basically um when you go online you look up for your kids curriculum. Now my mom is very conservative. She is you know through and through republican and through and through christian. There are christian based books. My mom bought the books and we both go through them with the kids. I love my mom to death but they are a little overpowering with bible things. But I've seen other things like the pace books on amazon and various other places that are so bible based if you're not into that. Um but basically they come in little packets and you go through each packet and they take a test and then they go to the next packet and they keep doing that. And there's activities in in the it's called a pace. There's activities in it, there's worksheets and it's an easy way to do it. A lot of people make their own lesson plans and everything else. It's not that I don't have the time for that, I don't have patience for it at all. I've done it before, I don't have the materials for it either. Um But with these, what I did
is my second daughter, my uh nine year old, basically she is she's struggling really bad having a hard time. So for my eight year old since she was going into second grade, I put my nine year old into second grade again. So they share books. Um
And then my mom just copied them and then printed them so that we had the extras right now, we're really doing one grade for one of my kids. Um The paces do work great. It's just like I said, if you're not into the christian based, they're very overpowered buy it. Um But there's other programs out there and there's ones you can do online. We did look into that, but a lot of them like uh my mom's house, she has satellite internet connection. A lot of them don't take that. You have to have like cable or I have spectrum. So it's cable internet. But uh there's also ones too where you have an interactive teacher where it's like this. Um And it's like basically you have a classroom of students and the teacher is talking and you take notes or do it for lower grades. It would be a lot simpler stuff. You know, what is this color or whatever. Um But there's a ton of resources online. Usually I just google stuff. Um just random keywords like okay if I want to plan out, I did do the lesson planning. The only reason why I meant that stuff is because my grandmother was a teacher for 50 years. So and then my mom did the teaching stuff, so I'm used to it, but you can do like week by week by week learning, you just have to buy your state, there's a certain requirement list that you can get on google and it tells you everything you need to know about what your child needs to know at a certain grade. Um Down here there's only two tests, one in fifth grade and then one in eighth grade. So like my 12 year old this year, she had to take the test for the state. That test just make sure that she's up to the fifth grade level so that she can move on to the junior high kind of um middle school part of it. Then at eighth grade she'll have another test and then she'll be able to go move on to high school. But most counties in most states it's super easy. You just go into office and ask them for the home school papers or um I say I printed them off and then I took him into the county office and she gave me a time cheat make a time. So you'd get in a factory and She said just fill this in every day, bring it back to me at the end of the year before June one and that's all you have to do and that's all I did. Um basically when the testing comes up they send you a letter in the mail, at least they do down here. But they send you a letter that says your child needs testing and you can either schedule it like if if you have an impairment or anything like that, you can schedule it at your house or you can bring your child to like the public school office and they'll sit down and do the testing there. But it's basically the same testing they get in school. Um it's
just
they do it only in 5th and 8th grade to get them through.
I'm not exactly sure. I know that the testing, see this is the first year that my daughter had to do it and me and mom weren't allowed to go in the room with her. But um I know in new york when I was a kid, we had something called the Iowa test. I don't know if they still do that up there, but basically where you color in the little bubbles. Um basically it's a test like that and my daughter said it's just a packet that you open and you go through each page and it tests math, english social studies science and stuff like that to see if you pass the fifth grade level. Now this is what I explained to mom. How do they know? Because 55 grades worth of stuff. Yeah, of course they're going to retain the, the words are, you know, 1st, 2nd and 3rd or blue, red, orange. You know, they retain those words from younger years. But as far as history and science goes, how are they going to remember facts for this type of test? I uh mom still waiting to get the results back. So that's one thing that I'm kind of edge about because we are sure that she passed as far as are the pace books and the pace company center a test and the pace company said that you passed that test, but the state test, you know, like the pace books have a lot of religion in them. That worries me. When I explain to mom, I was like, you know, I understand it's another subject and it's good for them to have, but in the state test there's not going to be anything about God. So I'm not exactly sure. Um, my daughter is also one of those ones where she clams up in tests and she didn't like having to go in there at all. Um, so I'm not exactly sure how it goes. I just know that basically they had to schedule it. They want it in and it took her About 60 minutes. About an hour.
Yeah. No, she didn't have to stay in there for hours or anything
Um here in this state and I don't know about in other states. I know in Virginia you can redo a grade 50 times if you have two apparently. Um down here, you can because of that no child left behind thing that
they passed um down here now because we have this problem with my middle daughter and my youngest daughter, they said that they were up to terms with Tennessee code. After we come back from Virginia, Virginia said that their marks were higher than most virginian kids. So we don't really understand what happened there. But when we started in Tennessee schools about three years ago because I've been back for three years. Um It was kind of a nightmare at first, basically, uh when they went into school, they did a test on them and said that they were even above kindergarten level and they were going into 1st and 2nd grade, which was bull crap, but there's not much I can say about it because I'm not a T shirt. Um So they wanted to hold them back, okay? So I let them hold them back. Then my middle daughter failed out last year. I mean, she didn't fail. She had two months of the year to go, but with only two months of the year to go before we went into home schooling. Public school was not going to pass her that year, but had to move her on because she had already taken that grade twice.
What?
Apparently, because
they told
me she couldn't take it over again. And I asked him, I said, well, what if she just fails next year? Because she has no idea what happens this year, we'll we'll have to get her a tutor next year. I've had a lot of problems out of public school. Um, It's been over various reasons. I'm not like the mom, I'm not a soccer mom. Uh, my mom, my kids all know that I don't get involved in the school bake sales. I'd love to be that kind of fancy neighborhood lady, but I'm not, I don't have the time for it. I've got 50 things to get done and it just, I'm not there yet. And so basically I've had a lot of problems with teachers to, to where they'll be teachers that are just a few years younger than me and look at me like I'm nuts. And then I walked in with my daughter one day and they asked me if I was her sister And I'm like, I've been to this well like 12 times already and you're asking me if I'm my daughter's sister. So yeah, and it wasn't a new lady, it was a lady that had seen me a bunch of times. So those were just some of the things that why we chose to move into the home schooling. And then once Covid happened, I mean my mom's pretty much adamant of like, oh you shouldn't send them because this is the end times and that, you know, well I don't know, she's got a lot of opinions about it. So I just told her, I was like, if you want to help home school and you want to take her because she's better english and math than I am. I don't mind science in history, but the other two, um I can't handle it. I'm just, math is my nemesis. But she said that she would take those too and that I could take science and history. So we've kind of worked together on it. That's another thing I would push for if you have a significant other or a member of your family. That's like you need a support system because you want to wring their little next sometimes and I love my Children and I just I don't wish anything bad on them, but sometimes you're just like, No, I've told you to answer five times do it, right. So I do have to appreciate my mom even though she's crazy because she is a big help with with that type of situation.
Okay. Um I know you. Did you keep the tab open for prolific?
Okay. I guess we go back to that tab and then at the bottom there should be a, a little cursor arrow at the bottom and you press that over and then I think they ask you like two or three more questions. And then I think that's the dawn part. But if you go back to your tab, they said that there's a timer on it That will tell us if we've been on there for 25. Uh
02.
You
should
say it's
cell phone.
Yeah. Well you have a wonderful night. I uh actually have I'm moving in bed so I have to get that done before he gets back home. Hopefully
you too have a wonderful night.