Yeah how are you doing today?
Yeah I hear you fine. You hear me? What great
I take out the whole thing here. Right.
So yeah I was working through that as well yeah kind of like to me that essentially yeah just talking for for 25 minutes and then I think there'll be some follow up questions afterwards. Although I was looking because I think when I was originally reading it and had mentioned to me that there might be some questions I guess that we could use to discuss but only if we wanted to and I don't see anything like that so Mhm.
ah I see it. Right okay that's
a good point. You're right.
So so I guess
I guess we could advance to the next page then.
Right. Yeah that would make sense. Okay so you're already into the next page.
I'll see what happens here. Okay you're right.
Just tell you that's just questions. Yeah that's gonna be more relevant after the chat is over then. Okay mm.
All right then so thank
you. Fine.
Matthew my name's Will yeah. Nice to meet you.
Yeah I've been using it just recently. Yeah
I came across the eggs in the past month at this point you
know
enjoying
it. It's been kind of fun.
Oh really? Yeah. Okay.
So
what
do
you
so yeah
so it used to be that you had a certain threshold you had to hit and then,
Sorry?
okay. Yeah I just heard of a mechanical turk before. Yeah I just really haven't done any kind of like really going up. It's uh yeah. Are
there a lot of academic surveys like this on there?
No it's
How interesting. Okay.
Oh I see. Okay. Yeah.
Huh? Oh,
interesting.
Yeah, because I've read about, yeah, mturk before, it just didn't seem very fun to me that yeah, I think
you like doing tasks for penny at a time, so yeah. You know the kind of all okay. Soul crushing at that
point.
Okay.
Try
sport.
Okay. Yeah, I got yeah, that was
kind of surprised about with prolific. It's just they were kind of open about what the expectation was for how long will take to complete something and then which we actually expect
on an hourly basis Like that, right? And rather and said they were trying to obvious Kate it kind of where, okay, so you might make what, 50 pence, but if it takes you 10 minutes and right then it's like you're not even making minimum wage at that point. So you're
kind of calculation like that, so yeah, that's why I've been enjoying
it so far, but I said it's just been my first months. I haven't even cashed out at this point.
Yeah. This paypal charge an exchange fee since it's in pound at this point one.
I got you. Okay.
Having a sense. Yeah,
I just heard about prolific. Yeah, searching around and then I just ran across the beer money for them on Reddit. Like pretty much, yeah, I was like half the posts seem to be related to prolific at that point. It's evil. It seemed to be really satisfied with it. Yeah, they really, really like people were saying that they loved it so much. They wanted to find other sites that were like it and so I figure that they must be, yeah, something to it. Since there was that much kind of a positive feedback, you know, that was going on with it. Yeah. I figured I'd give it a try and yeah, what's it filled out the full kind of demographic profile and then I got the little prolific extension and just kind of keep me updated about what kind of gets posted at that point and so yeah, it's been nice. Yeah. Kind of like fill in little gaps during the day like that.
Okay.
Yeah, I do. I have an account for that and so yeah, I was like, I guess I finally got on boarded at the beginning of May. Yeah. I
think it's because of the pandemic. Probably had reduced hours. I was waiting for a good two months or so until
I was completely approved. Yeah. To take tests at that point. So yeah. Since then, yeah, I've done pretty well and I've done a couple of the live conversations on it, so yeah, that's been a nice kind of a side source of income at this point, so I've enjoyed that.
Yeah. Anything for what? Yeah, I kind of learned pretty quickly that if tests are still lying around it for a couple of hours, then they're looking for someone so specific like me actually applying for that. Yeah. Looks like a
yeah, what seems kind of odd like, yeah, like if you're looking for somebody who's like working in artificial intelligence or something like that, they're probably making so much and so busy that they're probably not on the site in the first place. It's not really sure like when they're actually gonna find a hit or someone just going to lie about it.
Yeah. Okay. Uh huh
if you like the variety of it, yes, I guess what these are testing, you're not exactly sure what you're getting into like until the test starts at that point. So yeah, I guess it kind of
like the novelty of it like that, Right?
yeah,
Remember there
will be a little better.
Yeah. So yeah, I kind of froze up for a second to I said that the wifi here in the office is normally really strong so hopefully it doesn't happen again at that point. Uh Yeah, just to dry, I've seen those little headers up there and I've tried a couple of them and most of time they're always looking like some people for more than a sales position for for business. And so I haven't really yeah, like fit the target they're looking for on any of those, but I don't like that. The more Tessa I perform for them, right? Like that the more eligible you become for things. Right.
Okay.
I was going on a street for a while. Yeah, I was going to get at least one test today. You're right. Like normally like maybe one conversation a week that was kind of eligible for at that point. So yeah, I think I was kind of surprised because I, for any of these sites I had relatively kind of low expectations. Yeah, but what the real could be off of it, but yeah, I was kind of surprised you just by the, the quantity that was out there for it.
I see. Okay,
interesting. Okay. Yeah, I was going to say it was almost kind of randomized at that point, basically. See that, yeah, they liked your performance, right? And they want to do you have to keep working with you at that point that you could specify Certain years. Yeah, exactly has been kind of a struggle just in terms of trying to keep trying to induce my rating at this point because I would say well over 90% of people leave no rating at all. So yeah,
I mean the ones that I have gotten feedback on have been five stars, because unfortunately for my first uh tests that user testing rated, they gave me a four. So I always feel like I'm trying to fight it, I kind of push it up a threshold so I can keep getting more tests at that point.
And
that,
thank you.
I understand that if you were just trying to filter out and find the task that you're actually interested in you know at that point depending on what your needs are. Yeah I think would be a problem with that, Right, Rather than just like endlessly kind of scrolling through them at that point
Oh okay. So you actually you actually reformatting the hit itself at that point filtering through? They did it?
remember what the H was for human and yeah I can remember what the rest of it stood for. Right okay. Human intelligence tasks Right
actually outsource it out to them Right then someone would actually have to if I go ahead malady
was
what they're not
The
Anderson
Yeah. Is there anything horror stories of people who are asking you to upload their their passport or their Social security card or something like that? Yeah, it's like I don't feel like amazon, I understand the amazon wouldn't be able to filter out every single business that wants to be able to produce a hit like that. But yeah, I guess I guess I hear more horror stories and the not about using uh but I guess I just want to understand the system then. Yeah, you could use it like a nice little side source income there.
What?
True.
How would you say?
read,
do you have the setup to just have a separate monitor that's kind of dedicated
to?
I
get
to hang out in the environment of it. Yeah.
I
have,
Oh yeah, yeah I guess it was like a few months ago I guess where people were kind of promoting that they were accepting new entrance at that point. Yes, I got signed up for that. I actually think I got one q tip in my email right now, they kind of take a look at. So yeah, I know they had kind of teased that there might be products that you might actually get to try. But I mean at this point it's been kind of normal kind of a consumer research at this point, but at least I don't had to be screened out of most of them and they'll just give you ones that you're eligible for like that so I can appreciate.
Right. Yeah, it's about a prolific as well that obviously once you accept it then you're in the study. Yeah. So you don't have to go through that the
mind numbing part of it is like entering in all your normal demographic information over again. Right. Just no, no thanks.
I see. Okay,
Yeah, I can see that. Yeah. What was interesting for me is that I'll have time during the day we're I'm just rendering something and then I just have, you know, maybe 10 minutes, 15 minutes. Yeah, a pop record to try to be like, well I guess what other kind of little income can I make that point? Right. And so I was trying
to kind of fill in the gaps like that.
A video and rendering.
Yeah, I work as a video editor. Yeah. So that, yeah, I'm exporting something out for a client to review then, you know, it's a process, all the color correction, everything so
Yeah. It depends on the project right, especially now that more and more people want to do 4K video like that. Yeah, absolutely. Like four times the amount of processing to be able to handle it. So yeah. You know, they they always find a way to kind of Ask for something that pushes up what the render time is going to be anyway. Right? So I always figured, okay, so I'm always probably gonna have 15 minutes or so while something's exporting. Yeah, it's like, what else? Maybe in the meantime? Right.
Actually,
Uh
Wouldn't
for one, it's not even from different angles, so yeah, Just do you
get
like
yeah. Trade off. Right, so I've actually enjoyed something right then. Yeah, don't worry about the overall I guess. Like I really rate you're making off of something, right? So yeah, it's it's actually you want to do first place? Yeah, I like that.
Mhm. Yeah, I just
heard most people saying, Okay on on a good day, I was making $5 an hour, I was saying like well yeah, have have other means. Yeah, making more than I can move on. But Okay. Yes, so I guess for the for the forums where people are discussing all of this, I guess where they normally host that, I guess it's probably not on the amazon site itself is not just on Reddit or I guess
a forum that's dedicated to it.
Right. Even after living off their right yet?
No.
I
haven't had any issues with them yet. I haven't had any kind of questionable surveys at this point, but Yes.
Yeah.
You
know,
I think you come into me then. Yeah, I think I'll give it a look then. Right. I'll see what else is out there. Right. So, I guess if
I got a filter it the right way and then Yeah, it's actually a
lot.
Yeah, I think if you have other sites, you know, you kind of monitoring in the background then right, you kind of pick and choose and you just put your hourly rate up at that point, so that's good. Okay. All right. I'll be willing to give it a shot at this point. It's
it's worth it's worth a second look then. All right, it's good. Yes,
we also have more positive opinion of it,
Okay. I
think the criteria here then that's good. Uh The time flew by, it was nice, mm.
That makes sense. Yeah, obviously yeah, you're full time. Yeah guys like weeding peppers at that point. Right? Yeah. At the days like that that's great. Yeah. All right.
And
uh I don't think so at this point yeah actually yeah that was that was very helpful conversation. I don't know how you kind of end up since there was no kind of structure to this, so But yeah, that was very helpful though. Thank you. Yeah, it's gonna get different perspectives on things.
I mean I guess there were some sites that I had started to use like
a respondent and user interviews and things like that, like prior to the pandemic beginning. And so I guess that kind of gave me Yeah, I think the sense
is Yeah, exactly. So they that's probably like the tip of the iceberg at that point. Yeah, more flexible, remote kind of ways yet I get a little side income going on and so yeah, definitely, definitely accelerated kind of research into that. Yeah, once uh once I had to stay at home at that point. Right? So yeah, so yeah, I've definitely been more actively interested in it lately, that's for sure.
Thanks.
So
just
so you find other sites sites that are more like just like specific to like a certain industry or genre or something like that you want to do it,
Okay.
people are there. Right, Yeah.
I like field agent, I've used that before, yeah, I've done a couple of tasks with them, right, It was a pretty decent one where they were
asking you at certain times of the day just to check what the stock was. Pre pandemic, because they wouldn't even be possible now, just like checking what the stock was on paper towels and toilet paper. Yeah, I it was, I could get it done in about 10 minutes and they were paying $17 we could pretty much the day, so I was like okay, yeah, that's a nice little way to put that into the schedule. There are no problem.
Yeah. Right. Yeah, so it's not like a location dependent at that point right there, you're gonna do it from anywhere, Yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah, maybe a goal oriented of a great uh
yeah, I don't even appreciate the flexibility of it here. Yes, I just kind of like accumulate
as many sites as I can, Right, Because you have to add
up.
No
more.
Right. You had another monitor and just leave it up there and then you can continue with what you were actually, you know?
Okay. Again, calculated at that point, right? Yeah, if your your your businesses existing this kind of this gray area, you're essentially sounds like your kind of generating artificial demand for for a page like that, right? Yeah. People are operating like a little sketchy to be in the two.
Yeah, I was getting to that, it sounds like, you know what, you're getting poor quality audio and then, yeah, you're getting charged very low per minute in order to be able to fight for that. This wasn't worth it. Huh.
Yeah, I've heard of them before, right. Actually.
Are
we like that? Yeah.
that's it.
That's
train
them.
I can see that, Right. And then I'm just gonna write off all that as a business expense at that point for your in that connection and things like that to Yeah. Uh
at that point, Right. Uh Yeah.
Well.
Oh, really? Okay. Uh huh.
But I think
it is a full time job that point, right? You are dedicated to it. Yeah.
That's what you want to do, that's great. Yeah. Right. Yeah, that's not like your life calling then. Yeah, maybe a little bit of drag, Yeah,
Yeah, it's kind of like I was looking into something like a happen where someone like you had to have sort of a certain like hourly commitment for a week, it makes sense that and if I had a bigger project I was working on then really? Yeah, I want to have the ability to basically say, well I can I have a longer term project I'm working on, I can just kind of put all this other stuff to the side for the moment. Right. Whereas if I had that, I'm kind of locked in, I don't know, 20 hours a week or something like that and it's really hard to be able to squeeze in every single week like that.
Mhm. Yeah. I think if you really find like manager you're calling at that point. Yeah, I heard about the precise I guess like a like you test, but at the same time I think we're kind of paid by the bug at that point.
Yeah, I understand. Absolutely. They were requesting that you pay for a membership ahead of time, right? And then like the work starts slowing in. Right? Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. There's no trial to it and they get I kind of assumed that the scam you're paying yeah. For the opportunity to for them to potentially give you like that. Right.
Yeah, I'm sure that it takes, you know, you know, a lot of hours effort, right? To be able to keep that thing updated, so helping
you get more money than well prepared trade. Yeah.
Absolutely.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
just 1000. Right. Yeah, that looks just like it then. Yeah, pretty automated like that. Right. Uh
Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. The value is low enough that they think that the price is low enough, right. It's like people's expectations to get out of it, right, Doesn't physically matter it what you put into it at that point. All right,
right.
A master class again, the side gate work here. This is nice. Yeah, I really appreciate it. Huh.
Well, I think the, the amount of additional income you could make, yeah, if you like new, all the services are out there and they say, what kind of tips? Yeah. Can I make you more efficient at it? Yeah, that makes sense to me, I mean.
Thank you.
Okay.
For
free? Right. Yeah, I understand. Right.
Or
Oh yes. Them grow up again. Right. Uh huh.
A lot of resources. You are a lot of credentials. Right. Yeah. They're gonna be able to make that work. Right. You were saying that people actually want.
Yeah. But your patient enough for it. Right.
Yeah. There's a lot of things you have to be able to kind of monitor at any given time like that. Right.
I invest just passively though, so I haven't been a day trader. So I kind of feel like I would go insane if I was paying attention to like the daily movements of the of the market like that. But I guess what you got, I used to I guess like the patterns, you know that kind of exists that are out there. Thank you. Start to
living
out of it.
Model.
No.
Yeah.
Maria.
Mhm.
It makes sense. Right. Yes. So, you think that that's gonna have a big impact right? In with their future earnings are going to be right. Say I want to make your predictions on it yet.
What?
Right. Okay. Uh huh.
You're
right. Up. All right. We're gonna actually that. Yes. And if you feel like you have more of a guarantee, right? For like a certain percentage return before they really state right, You bank that and just said not have to deal with the stress of whatever happens afterwards. Yes, I can understand that. The But
All right. So tell me a little bit more more hope. Yeah, There's something out there. Yeah, I would just like fit into my life a little bit better than rather be staring at the stock industries all day like that. Right.
Keep
at that point. Right.
That's good. Yeah. Let's look into that as well because that seems like something like definitely like yeah, fit better into my schedule like that, right? And not dealing with it on a daily basis like that, But yeah. Okay. Looking at target dates in mind, right. About when I'd be buying or selling those. That makes sense to me.
Sure. Yeah. Especially this year. Right. Yeah.
right. Well, I I have to from doing nothing. So, yeah, that was a long term. Yeah, I started to bounce back.
I am.
What?
that's hard because you can't really kind of retrofit a satellite units in orbit that easily. Yeah, like different frequency at that point to be able to use that. So yeah, it's kind of like make them dead in the water at that point and see
hmm.
That makes sense. Right. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Ever see that. Yeah. All your, all your customers you have bailing out at the same time, right.
We're just going to restructure at that point, Right.
term
yeah. Kind of investment. You're looking for it point, right. Yeah.
Where?
Yes.
Well,
yeah, just past the hour mark. At this point, I'm trying to figure out if there was any thing I actually needed to press to close out the conversation. I don't see anything, at least on my screen. I'm
just the tab and that's it.
That's why I figured. Okay. Right.
Yeah. It's fun. Uh huh.