Hi.
Someone's actually here this time. Mhm.
Really? Three times. I had my first time today and that was just about a couple hours ago. So are you? Yeah.
fine. Once a week we are well want this mess would be over. But
What
do you
uh what are you going for?
Hey.
Yeah. Biology man.
Yeah, but that's awesome. It took me a while.
Any couple years
into
college. I decided to be bio major. I was
going
to go for
a computer science. But
no,
no. Yeah. Yeah.
And
Uh Does your college of pre dental or pre med?
Um No,
I was just coming to the college. I am right now for my generals. Um They don't have a computer science degree. They have it's C. M. I. S. But it's pretty much a 90 degree. So I was going to take advantage of having full tuition there for generals and then go somewhere else and then taking computer classes. I found out, wow this sucks. Yeah.
Are there similar classes that you can take to kind of get a feel
for
it like human anatomy pills?
It would just depend on I go to a small college so bio is pretty diverse for me and I've taken Entomology, Lynn ology. Which boy I can tell you. That's a fun fucking class. Uh huh.
You know what late technology? If it is
No
one,
No 1
knows.
It's the study of wakes and bodies of water. The textbook is about going to say yea thick no
colours, nothing. But pretty much every image in it is a graph
or some sort of table is that was the longest fucking class I have ever taken
so long. It's just, I mean you're studying lakes, it's not fun. It's not interesting. Um The best part was we actually went to a lake and we took measurements of it. We did depth measurements of uh this meter marks going towards the center. And then we had to recreate close topographical map of it. That was fun. But otherwise it wasn't
Better
I
there you go.
I started yeah, when I was
It's the knowledge I took that a long time ago. Um When I took my computer classes, it was my freshman and sophomore year. And then on top of that I worked on general so for the past year so I've I've just had nothing but science classes. Uh huh.
Which?
What class are you taking now?
You
don't?
Yeah. I don't blame you. I probably have to drop it too.
No, no, no. Thank God. I said if I had to take it I would drop it.
I don't blame me if that would be a hard class for me. Uh huh And that's all you're taken.
College 101. Um
That's boring as hell.
All
Yeah. Uh What was the radical inquiry? What
was?
okay. Alright,
that makes
more sense. That's good. Um So you're mainly just probably working with latin right now for bio? Yeah. Okay.
That gets easier.
Well only gets easier because you're forced to kind of catch up because it's it's used everywhere.
What what's your next class?
Oh, so you're taking jen can General Chemistry? That's like The first chemistry. So that would be like
chemistry one on 1 Where some 100 level. Okay, that's not bad. You won't need you're the latin comes released.
I'm taking organic right now.
It's not bad.
It really isn't. I know literally everywhere. And every single place I ever heard of organic chemistry was It's completely awful. You're going to want to die the entire time. But it's not bad. I actually like it. I'm doing better
in
it than I did in general chemistry.
So if I had to break it down general chemistry, it's you have to
memorize and learn all the rules and it's a lot of mathematics that applies to those rules and just how to sometimes
ignore rules for a certain exceptions. And organic chemistry is there every everything has an exception. There are no fucking rules. It's more concepts and ideas in uh kind of Mhm. How the structure of the molecule. Was care is a chemical reaction. You focus on how how that structure is important. It's more focused on that.
So, um I can't remember if we went over uh acids and bases in general chemistry. But for organic we're learning like the actual mechanisms of what happens during a as a based reaction or a neutralization. Imagine. So it's it's
more going in depth of the different concepts that you've at least heard before.
Yeah, I remember we learned a little bit about it but when we started it for organic, he was like okay everything you remember from General Chemistry to set that aside for a second. But and I will let you in on a little secret. Usually general kem um lab fees are a little more expensive for the organic students.
I can't remember how much it is but it's it's not nearly as expensive because I mean for reasoning usually is for
General
Chemistry, general for your science, part of your degree or whatever degree that you have. And then Organic is for your science degree. So you have a lot if you have lesser amount of students taking it
and you also are playing with a lot more expensive equipment like I have like a Like a container of glass where there's not much in it, but it's like $600 worth of glassware. It's the most stressful part of lab is putting that shit together Because you're holding you're holding it like just one piece and like this is $150. General chemistry. You break a beaker. Oh whoops. Oh well.
But now I I would try talking to professors. Do you go to a bigger college or smaller?
I
I am in Nebraska.
is
that a big college, I'm guessing.
then it might be a little harder to talk to professors.
Friends,
violence
iris.
Problem.
I'm still
going
well, I'm mainly just going to the smaller college. I don't really have to worry about that. I mean my total college population is 2500. Maybe about that.
So it's
very small. I still get notifications for positive cases, emails, but for the most part we're just going on campus and just wearing masks.
What son? Uh huh.
Well, there's only so much you can do. I mean the reality is called students aren't the brightest. I know there
are I know our worst cases football players. They even kind of sent out a little passive aggressive
email.
Like they didn't they didn't mention them specifically because you could tell who they were talking. Especially since when the semester
started, a lot of people weren't wearing their masks. They weren't taking it all that seriously.
Yeah. I feel bad for people who are in more populated areas. I can I mean, I already don't like it because you know, the only real father is for lab because I have to still wear my mask and it's a tight space. So there's only you can't social business and um my professor is kidney recipient, so he's taking suppressing. So he's kind of more at risk. So we have to take more precautions, so I have to wear my mask facial and my gloves
and I have to sanitize my hands. And I mean you're wearing you're wearing a mass of all that hot air is just going To your face shield and within like 10 minutes you're kind of like trying to figure out the best spot to fucking see. Well, at the same time writing your lab report and you have to kind of see, I mean is he's not taking it as seriously now. Thank god. I think last time I got away not wearing my face shield, but I can't fucking see.
I think
I think I saw an article um Was advisor developed uh 95% effective vaccine. Which well, I would take that too seriously. But it's a start. I haven't read anything about their actual research about it. But I just saw that as a passing glance and thought about the months after having to listen to people. I don't want to take a vaccine. That's dangerous.
Yeah. It's
gonna
be it's gonna No, you go. Sorry.
If
yeah, it's going to be even more frustrated when there is actually a vaccine just trying to take the damn back seat. There's nothing wrong with it. It's fine. Uh huh. There might be side effects, but it's nothing compared to dying.
We
at least
talk to. Oh sorry,
you go
read
it, I think.
I don't think so. I can't remember what separated, I found it through. Um Yeah, I can't remember. I have to look at it again, but I mean, I think I like it the most right.
the problem with those is they're more focused on more specific demographic to sell a product. So it's very tight margins on who you actually want to take that sort of thing. You don't, academic surveys are more wider, so it's a lot easier to actually get some
and
especially
since,
I like it a lot more. I've, you know, a couple of the um
you graduate students or researchers and try to get more about their research, which they're just tickled pink at because they like knowing that there's gonna be more than a couple of people who read, there's a precinct.
We've got to read the directions. I'll get
you. Mhm. So mm do you need more schooling after Bachelors?
luck with that. I don't even know if I want to get a masters even though I probably have to. Uh huh. I would more be looking at genetics or genetic counselor that's for my interest is which is why I'm taking organic even though I don't really need it for my degree.
Two
where are you talking about like generals or just all the science classes
at all?
consequence of liberal arts school it is to diversify your knowledge is a bit and you know I, especially for me I wanted to go in computer science. I would've fucking hated it. No idea what to do until I took my zoology general. So it's just broaden your your horizons a bit. But after a couple of years you can you can forget all that shit because I have and Oh well yeah, I had to take a poetry class. Thank God. Yeah. I don't remember a fucking thing from that. Uh huh. I remember he even asked us who's who's in here because you kinda you kinda have to and it's like, yeah, I just in the easy grave I want to get through this. Um You have, do you have like an honors program?
There is
anything
like that?
I would look into that because I think the um the most like classes that I probably don't need but are really fun and interesting or come from those. We don't we don't really have a lot of small school and uh professor has to throw on another class sometimes, whatever, whatever, whatever else you're teaching. But I had to take like analysis of evil one and two, which is going into colts and new religious movements, serial killers For two semesters, which was really cool.
I won't
use
it.
What? Yeah, it was really interesting. I liked it. I won't use any of it and I've forgotten a good chunk of it, but it was really cool. Oh, I mean I took it as a fresh, so I don't remember freshman year supporter, especially since my head's kind of mush from taking nothing but science classes for past few semesters.
I don't know. I think that would be cool. It would be something that if, I don't know because
sometimes with those classes you can get them to kind of wiggle it in for another general. So instead of taking a class that is boring sell, you can take one that's interesting. Get
owners credits and whatever other credits you can get out of it. Or if if you can't get those owners credits. So it is, it just depends
if
that's an option then if you want to graduate with honors and fine. But if not it's not that important. I just think it would be cool to the take a class. That's actually interesting and get your generals done with it because I know I have a lot of classes
like they were just awful. I mean something.
That would just depend on what you want to do really. Um I mean all I'll really be doing mostly out of classes is probably research next year maybe or just do finish up what my degree requirements. But I don't, I probably won't have a problem getting in graduate school without giving communities service or anything like that. I don't like people all that much so that's not something I would enjoy and that is not something other people would benefit from. So
just san I don't know if you know what all is required from your degree, but do you have a senior competency exam?
That's
fine.
I'm just curious because I mean I the last person I talked to through this didn't have it and
she was also a bio major and I have it and it just sounds awful and I want to know if someone else is suffering too Pretty much. You pick three professors which small college I
have like a handful of professors pick from especially since two of them just left. So I have a smaller amount now, but you go through all the science classes that you've taken at that college and the list for questions
have you? It can be from any class. No
no both professors because my previous adviser was one that just left and my current advisor talk about it like I don't know you'll be fine and no it won't. It sounds terrible. Anyway We are at 28 minutes by
the way
actually. What is your name minus? Matthew you don't have to give your name.
All right, nice to meet you.
How
weird. Yeah.
Well I feel weird because I don't
wanna if someone doesn't want to say their name I don't want to put pressure on him to say their name. I totally get not wanting to say your name even though being in small town mentality is just give away whatever personal information without repercussions, everyone knows you anyway so i it's probably bad until you have but well anyway it was nice talking to you and I started doing other
bio
major.
Uh huh. Just to tell you that yeah, all the generals are bullshit. Yeah. That doesn't get any better. All right, well, good luck, man.
Yeah. No problem.