jesus sure. Okay. No shelter it's going to change. That's hard to come up with. You can see I hope. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. What's been called? Oh
happened like three times. Nobody like showed up.
I'm doing it. How about you?
Oh you're in school too. Okay. Yeah. What
what
year are you? Oh senior old. Damn I'm a freshman. Yeah
I'm trying to come like I'm in a bio major and I'm
trying to call. Are you too?
Yeah. It's tough though A lot here
stand
will be
on the
you
didn't
like
so like coming into freshman year, did you have your mind set on becoming
like going to bilateral?
Oh yeah. Right now I've decided to you know like because
I want to become like orthodontists or a nurse practitioner. So yeah, I already have my mindset uh taking a bio, right?
Or they have pre health. Yeah I think they do have pre dance because Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, that's why I'm kind of concerned too because um I'll see I'm still trying to side and I'm wondering if I decide to become a nurse practitioner that's kind of a waste because I'm just taking a bio course, you know, and not uh catcher's science uh like nursing degree, so you don't have to transfer to a different school. Yeah and I don't know when that's going to happen if I do this like that. Yeah,
that's
me.
you know, I don't think so once I thought like biology was like the closest because enemies you'll be taking like chemistry classes also, but yeah, I didn't think about that though.
Yeah.
No bro, sounded like
every it's
my first
time
hearing too.
allowed.
No.
So how long it takes you to study like the material stuff like?
Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, sounds like really like demanding because I don't think so,
I'll ever go that route. But yeah
and I could yes,
because you went from like uh he said you're taking like a computer science like classes, right? Uh
and so right now you're taking that uh let I forgot how to say it.
Yeah, I don't know,
it's on to you right now to kind of strong as a lot of like just memorizing basically, especially like learning a new language because there's so much like vocab and like like remembering like different, yeah,
I'm taking a basically have bio um Pri Khao because I wasn't trying to go into calculus as a freshman and then um have right a critical inquiry also have philosophy, but that class, I'll see you have to drop
it because
Yeah, I wasn't.
well you currently have right now.
Yeah, because I don't see like the whole time, like the pressure is like talking about it, it's just like I'm trying to understand it, but it's just, I just can't understand it, so I had to drop it.
yeah, yeah. Radical curve and pri pri khao koh bio, uh let's take philosophy but dropped it and I also have this like freshman year like seminar thing.
like that.
I mean it is born but it's so easy. Great because the teacher is pretty like
laid back, so Yeah.
writing
and critical injury. Yeah,
it's an interesting
class.
Okay. Mhm.
Hopefully.
Yeah, like during its like, I'm trying to basically um just like school over everything we went through because I would like someone understand. I'm trying to like get a better understanding before the next uh bio of course I'll be taking next semester. So I'm just trying to go over everything throughout like upcoming break, Thanksgiving break. Yeah.
Uh it's like bio 1 30 I was like no, actually it's chemistry. Yeah, I think because yeah, I was going to take another bio class, but since you're gonna eventually need chemistry class, since I'm going to pre health route, I decided to take like a chemistry class. So
that's
And
Oh, how's that going?
That's not that
Well
it's
Oh really? But is it also differences it like uh like what's good?
No.
I think
It was like more like focus on specific things and like a general like us, like more general like this uh
The air,
Yeah, because like ph we did learn like ph levels, like acidic level. Yeah.
Oh, so how was your face of?
And
what?
D
Sorry? Yeah.
Uh I go to you often, yeah.
Oh, you don't know, wait, actually, what state are we in right now, because I'm not uh in new york? Yeah.
Oh no, that's okay. Yeah, I mean like uh you all been in like new york state, actually the capital of new york? Albany? Yeah,
and that's just cool.
Yes, A big cause. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, but actually, right now, because we're really not even like in class, we're just taking like asynchronous synchronous classes or basically go
through like zoom lectures or
just um like
prerecorded videos. So yeah,
and so I don't see there's there's one class, whereas in person, but basically the teacher, everything, she's doing this online. So it was kind of like putting this to go in class because everything that she's teaching, you could literally watch over later. So yeah, because
I
don't know how the cases are there, but like Yeah.
that's the difference
here.
Yeah, because on two year, I think it was like after Halloween on the election thing, they see the cases like spiked and we had to cancel uh let's call all the impersonal classes and everybody is forced to basically just stay in your dorms. Yeah.
Because honestly, I don't even know like the way that they're trying to like you know like prevent people from like spreading the virus is kind of weird because we're basically all going to the same area to get food. It's like the campus center and that's like basically it's just like always packed people clearly sit and eat with their friends in one table and you know you can't be wearing a mask while eating so you're gonna eventually take it off you know spread the germs and yeah so I don't know it's like they're trying to prevent it from spreading but like they're not also doing the best like taking the most like precaution like more precautions to like prevent it.
partying
they
are.
What?
Yeah. It was forced to hear pretty much canceled because it also knows world's first like cancer. Like any like activities you could do basically. And then after that, so cancelled like going to the gym. So yeah, it can basically even exercise no more and be active. So yeah.
hi
Yeah. No. Yeah. I was saying that because I feel like we're just trying to move back like getting back to normal like too quickly. We should have just like taken like, like more time to wait and see like, you know, this thing will have to, they'll find like you care to it or like a vaccine to, you know, making more safe people to go back to their jobs and stuff. But yeah, this is
we. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know what's yeah. People also don't like, they did a survey. I said like if the vaccine was available who would actually take it And most people said they wouldn't trust, you know like you know taking it because they don't know if there's something behind it. Yeah.
Anyway
usually.
No because I'm saying like usually when there's like a like a what's called like a pandemic. Always there's people always like just you know, always saying or something the government's behind it or you know stuff like that. So they don't trust
like taking a faction. Yeah.
Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Okay. And
also
like
No
I'm just saying like how did you find about this website? There's
nothing
already. Oh do you find through beer? What's that? Oh dear. I forgot that. Got him. Yeah. Yeah. But this guy who basically just does all kinds of surveys and he like basically if your advice on which ones are the best ones, beer money and fear something, I forgot, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. Because I was doing these other ones like survey junkie opinion outpost. But those is basically like this is like academic surveys and those are just kind of like, I don't know, I guess like creating like new products and stuff. That's what I was mostly get. Yeah.
It's
actually
more
fun too. Yeah.
researcher.
Yeah. Actually got called for um what's called reject the phone recently uh study because I didn't read the, you know, these uh like the directions were far she started. So. Yeah.
But.
bastards. Yeah. Because if I'm from traveling from an orthodontist. Yeah, I would need like 44 years in uh dental school and then uh two years together, like licensed. And then Okay, I think I'm missing like two. We had 200 years. I've been told us like 12 years like of schooling in total. So. Yeah. Everything.
Yeah. Yeah. Some classes, I'm just wondering how useful will it be when you actually get your job is like, uh I guess you're just trying to like see like different options. Maybe that's why you're taking like all these different classes to consider different options. But yeah, like sometimes
like all waste of time,
like generals,
like philosophies and humanities, you know, like. Yeah.
And
or
its program
most likely. Yeah. But I didn't look into that.
Yeah. I'm actually
until
like
crying and stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. I'll look into the uh like programs.
No.
And
What's
in there?
The.
It is you know because I don't see it because right now I also think because it's not only about like getting your like your credits and stuff and like getting a good G. P. A. Is also like what you're doing after like your classes like community service like getting involved you know instead of just taking the classes going back to your dorm. You know studying. That's it. Yes. Uh People.
I feel, yeah.
Uh A degree audit. Yeah
like
that. But I was looking to since I have to take different classes for the next semester, so
All
No.
America.
And cell phone.
20.
Okay. Yeah. There's anything you want to want to say or? Yeah.
Yeah. My name is Omar. Yeah.
Yeah. I think, you know, we
didn't introduce
Okay.
But
to
see.
You know, uh I started to a senior to get obstructive.
All right. Thank you. Happy