uh students, I used to live before and again. We wanted to see me how to manage your hand. Maybe you have purchased miracles. Youtube, but they could commute careers and look quite random. And how, how, yeah, I think you just calm and facebook a comma my oh mhm. Okay.
Hey,
right. Been good. How are you?
stem. Yeah, I can show you. Can you hear?
What's the point
back?
good. It's a video. How are you?
I'm
doing good.
I'm michigan.
Right. Are you a pioneer buffalo? Are you near
Buffalo
by any chance?
Like
near and I don't know.
Yeah,
that actually sounds good. Do you often go
to rubio?
What?
Maybe?
it's like a huge, huge
tall road
with like my different
people.
huh.
Well, that's
Oh, that's really, yeah. So do you, do you also have to stay at home right
now
or is the situation
better in
upstate
new york?
From
mm. Yeah. Yeah, I can imagine. Yeah. It must be new even for the kids to see their siblings for so long.
Like actually
spent
with them.
Right. Government wounds here.
And
here, so the
island
come here, wanted students with me. Um, I'm, yeah, I'm here on a student weasel so we might PhD student and University of michigan. And so like technically like my stipend remains the same. And I usually used to work from home like
three fishing, computer
science.
It's
Can you
hear
me?
Yeah. Oh yeah. So, so nothing I need to actually go to the lab for and go to the college four so I can do all of it from home. So I've been usually doing that. I've been cooking a lot more than I used to mostly because like I have very more yes, patients know to cook. I used to like I used to meal prep for the whole week back on like and, and then I used to eat it like through the week and now we have been like, I live with a friend of mine and so we have been like cooking almost every single day, which is like very,
very
knew what
you did to me.
yeah, I have a,
so I mean not to to, I'm from India, I've
been
here
for
four years
or
five
years now.
No, I didn't mind going right back in India. So yeah, so
I came
here
directly
for
my
PhD. I wish I knew, I don't know. Um, at
least two more years though. So they're
definitely
two
years
to
go.
Yeah, I do know quite many people. Um I am not involved and socializing that much, so I want to hang out with my roommate and another friend of mine. Um But yeah there are pretty many people from India, there are so many like second generation american indians here whose parents migrated. And so there was like I know quite many of them and there's like a nice blend of understanding how like how their uh blend of like indian culture and american culture all together. Especially because we like grew up here like from when they were born last night you also used machine is like pretty huge. So it's like almost 60,000, people some more than that I was completely moved down. So. So yeah so they're like many
students from like all
over the world,
so
that's
I guess.
Oh
I
didn't,
so
do you
like it? I really like it.
This line Yes soccer.
Or did
you do you
play
european soccer? Did you play
american?
But what?
Does that mean?
So that
the european
football version, right? Yeah. Yeah. When I was doing here, when I was giving my visa interview though, I was completely funded for my PhD anyway. So like they had nothing to ask me for like no documents to ask or anything because like I was funded and I was going to like a good known university. So all the uh are you interested in like soccer? And I'm
like which soccer are you talking about here? Like the uh that everyone, I don't european when I have been following since I was like pretty little. But the american when I still do not get even though huge name and like the football scene pretty difficult to get what it's like what it's meant to be
actually
like
look like
how you're supposed to glow.
No,
I
plan
to
but
no
what
video so people like actually. Yeah, that's, I think that I have heard that a lot. Have you been, have you
been
to any game in
michigan
like have you been to
make
state
women's
game?
I'm
coming back
here.
Withstands here.
That
makes for two months. So did you then state, did you go to
school
at
Penn
State
like for
you? And that's nice.
Yeah, makes sense. So when they like lawn and brought up in pennsylvania or did you like just go,
that's nice.
So did you
get the in state,
did you like
french food?
Well thanks.
That definitely won't expect you home every weekend?
Did
you major, did you measure
in sports
or did you measuring something else?
Oh that's
that.
Do
you work
on something
related
now
or is
there
something
difficult went?
that makes sense.
Do you ever
plan
to go
into
like
you
coaching soccer?
that well done.
Hi
anyone case
into
soccer?
More friends.
Nothing
cleanse.
Yeah, that means things. Yeah, that's really nice. I'm absolutely horrible at any any ventures for because like and not a place where you do winter sports and so like is and so every day I'm like, it's like especially when it's like snowing for eight months a year, the popular things
to do and I go skiing or
go
skating
and like
I'm
horribly
bad at both of them. Hey, I have tried out get ice skating,
I've never tried out being, I don't think I'm courageous enough to trial skiing from like uh I
don't like to have ever been to whistler uh in Canada, thanking your van cool. And it's like a huge names key resort. Um and so we did go to whistler does this number and the only thing I did in whistler was they have granola rights and like Um there the Gonorrhea in one way is almost
like one or 40 minutes long.
And so I took it all. Yeah, it's like huge and I'm like, and I'm like okay, and so it has two stops in between. So I like, I used to get down at one stop, look around, get back up on it and then I want, I I I spent like six hours on the ski
mountain
now I should go back. I'm not going to do that. Also given Give it more 14 minutes. It's so huge that there's no way I can ever be like Oh no let's
like
let's do this. Let's go
down
on this
hell now I don't
think I
can
never ever
do that.
Thanks.
You know
you ski
that
that's
Well thanks.
Los
Angeles led.
get kind of structure where like if you go up and down and up and down not it's not
like
complete
think
like
I
can
try. Yeah.
Then
the U.
S.
Restaurant.
that makes sense.
I can't even know I can see a
a very blood image of you. It's like very busy with my and connect. It seems to be working fine.
mm. In a new car via or my best.
good. Yeah.
Well
better.
Um I do uh it was I went like I went the first summer and then I went uh that winter again. Uh So actually I have to travel a lot for conferences and stuff and also like because my boyfriend lives uh and um near boston so I traveled to wallet and so I didn't have a us driving license or a U. S. Data ideas. I used to carry my passport and then somewhere in like after my first summer
or something around like for my passport was stolen from the airplane. And so I had to like yes I had to go back to India because like even though if you have a valid visa you can't get the visa again from us. So
you
have
to go
back
somewhere
to get the visa again. And since then yeah I had to go back to India with that and then and then like give your fingerprints again then give the interview again and stuff like that. And then I eventually ended up like uh not going after that. Also. It has been
almost
like 2.5 years since I have gone back. Um Yeah. Mm. I'm really just close to my feelings as much. Not as other religions. I also don't have any other siblings. Um So I think it's fine. I do end up talking to my parents every day over a video call or something like that. And also like it's very hectic in a sense that my both of my parents are professors. So for it's really hard to find an ideal time where like all three of us are free ah where I go and like they are actually free and they can actually take time off because you like the last summer I went, it actually ended up being them having the most hectic time ever. In their universities and me being completely free at home and having that thing to do. Yeah. It's what she like that.
Do
you travel
out
of us often?
That's nice.
Some
would,
Well
that
means,
have you ever been to martin like Lucia?
Have you ever
been
to
Asia?
No, no, I definitely get that. Especially like tickets to tickets to Asia way more expensive than getting to like europe or something like that. Well yeah the electoral I would suggest is like if you can find a cheap ticket to fly to like best coast, if you especially like trying to fly to like china or Japan like not to so to the moor east of Asia like china and Japan ends, places like those which are very much to the east. If you ever never find a cheap ticket to fly to festivals and fly out of there. The tickets are like way cheaper than flying, stay out of like new york or michigan or some, some place like that because then they fly because they move in that direction and so and so then you can like almost certainly like from uh from say from san Francisco to like shanghai if you like slow at the right time and like find the right time, you can almost fly and like For $50 round trip. uh Well so yeah, that becomes very nicer
than
actually
like
flying
from
michigan
or flying from new
york
of playing from Yeah, well, so when I'm flying to India I usually take Delta from Detroit because like detroiters, Delta's home and so built a has this like multiple flights that fly from Detroit to either paris London or Amsterdam. So these three places and then from there I fly to either Delhi or Mumbai in India. So like they're like many flights, which is what I used to be. And so if I find the right time, it's still somewhere around like $800, Round Trip. Whereas the aggravating to that would be to like go to new york and take aeroflot,
which is a Russian airline and it's way cheaper. There is also very, yeah, so it's like If you take, if you take a low flow from New York to India, so not, but you can fly in like
$600
wrong trip or something like that. Yeah, so our approach is like Malaysian airlines, so they stop in Moscow. Um and
so for me, horrible food. I don't think it's generally horrible food, It's just like very blind, which I'm, yes, it's like, it's like very Russian food, like
with
like
lots
of
cream, but no spices and okay like that. Yeah. Yeah, huge
By
not
eating
food
with spaces.
That's
your
no actually building this. I'm prediction says
if you,
I don't want to use Youtube for getting recipes,
there's this channel called us get carried, which yeah, so which which usually has like pretty authentic recipes which do not involve like a lot of labor work. So the quickest way possible, but it's like pretty authentic. And so you can even get like, if you go to an indian store, you can even probably get like a blend of spices the which are for a particular dish. So you can like get a chicken tikka masala spice blend. And so you have to get home from this crash where you like having your own onions and tomatoes and garlic and stuff, but you don't have to worry about like actually measuring one tablespoon of this and like two tablespoon of this. They mix it in that ratio and then you can just like take out three Day response of that and you'll have like the an accurate
thing
you read
and so that's very quickly. Yeah.
it's like get courage. We're actually doing Youtube channel. Um But if you like look at any indian store there are like many spice blends with like different companies. And so you can wait like a butter chicken spice blend and then all you have to do is like cook your normal food and like whatever it says to add spices like powdered spices. You can just like you can just add all the teaspoons and tablespoons up and then just that much from like the mixed spice blend of next. And then add and mix like like a lot
easier
than like
actually
measuring aging red end out. We actually even do that. Yeah so even to the entire place because sometimes even though we are spices like differently we end up adding like a tablespoon of that blend because there are some spices which are like we don't normally use at home like dried out or something like that. And so you still get the flavor from like their spice blend even though if you enjoy about using our own spaces that makes it very quicker than actually like
getting
those
move
things
at
home.
it's good.
Hello?
it
it doesn't want this should
move more life easier
if they
were
trying
to make
something
like that.
cheering.
It
starting
to.
well thank you.
Yeah well when?