Okay. Really? Hello? Okay. Hi, how are you? I'm good.
I'm good. Can you hear me okay?
Republicans? Mm. Yeah. Okay.
it just cut out 1st 2nd I think, but I think, let me see. I think it's okay. Okay. Okay. All right,
how
you doing? Yeah, Okay, good. I'm good.
Where in
the world
are you located? Done? I'm michigan.
Okay. Yeah, I'm in a, I'm in new york, so, um, way up upstate new york, um, near Canada. So, but you're not far from Junior Canada too. Uh huh. Yeah. Am I near what?
no,
I'm,
I'm
north,
I'm actually, uh, in
a town called Potsdam, which is north of the Adirondacks, which just south of Ottawa, like an hour and a half south of Ottawa. Canada. Yeah, to Canada.
well, we
did before the, um, coronavirus stuff, so we, um, we're only, we're an hour and a half from Ottawa and we're like 40 minutes from Cornwall, which is kind of a big city or big compared to, I'm in like a small college town here. Um But that's a big city where people will go to like go out to eat,
you know we have a couple like restaurants and stuff here but not a ton. So um people will go there go to like different stores there and stuff and
it's pretty easy to get back and forth across the border because it's just like a really small crossing. It's not like in Buffalo where you cross over at Niagara Falls. Yeah. Yeah.
So
it's uh
it's nothing
like that you pull up and um there's usually sometimes there's no cars, sometimes there's 12 or three cars in front of you. I've never actually seen more than a Three cars, so it takes about, usually it takes about 10 minutes to get across the border. And then yeah, so it's nice there's a really nice
like a aquatic
center, they have there like a really nice pool and different facilities that Canadians use but we can use to we just pay like a daily rate we can use all their facilities so so it. Yeah yep. Yeah
you know
I
we
you
know so
we are at home I have kids, I have four kids and um two are in school and so they're doing their school from here from home and then to our younger they're not in school yet so um and I work part time from home anyway so I my work hasn't really changed at all. Um But my husband's around because he's working from home so he's home more and all the kids are home. So we have a we have a we have a lot busy like going on.
Wasn't.
it's the
the three year
old. She uh,
she just turned four. She, she loves it. So she's so excited that their home and I think, you know, I think they like it too because it hasn't really changed. I mean it's changed a lot because they're not in school, but we just kind of like, we don't go out to eat much, you know, we just like around the house, they play outside. We have kind of like a pretty big yard. So we're out there out in the yard a lot and we live outside of town. So we kind of just like hang out here a lot anyway. So we definitely aren't doing as many things as we normally do, but it's not like that bigger change. Yeah. How about how about for you? Is everyone home
few studies available on prolific? Sorry about
that.
I'm
sorry. Could you,
hello.
It
cut out it cut out for
a minute but I think it's okay. Now you said
are
you
a PhD student in computer science? Okay.
So you
have
you have
A deep. Okay. Yeah. So did um
yeah yeah. Where are you from?
Did
you
do your
undergraduate
at
michigan
also?
Mhm. Back in India. Okay. Gotcha.
All
How much
more
do you have
for
school?
Yeah.
Do
you have
do
you know other people
have
you just um do you know other people from India at university of michigan or?
That
But
in our birds
real
I've been to university
of Michigan. It's a neat, it's a really nice town, that's I did yeah,
I
I
only I
was there
times
I played soccer at Penn State and which is in the same same league so we would play at University of Michigan um and michigan state so um but yeah, so we um
I played
so
I
played
football,
well american
um soccer but football or for you probably the one where you kick the ball where
you kick it with. Yeah, european football. Yeah. Yeah american
european
football.
and
So have you
been to
any michigan
football games?
No, yet you should definitely
go to one even if
you
don't know
what's going
on.
I think you have the biggest stadium
in the
I
haven't,
no
I've been to
I
think Michigan
might
have the biggest stadium
in the country, like 100 and Maybe it fits like 115,120,000, thanks. Um But Penn State has a similar size stadium,
so
it's
uh like 100 and 15,000 or something. So um I was I was actually because I was playing soccer in the fall, which is when the football season is just to confuse you. Um I didn't get I went to some games, but not as much as like a regular student because every other weekend I was traveling in the fall, so then my lap.
Did
I? What?
And
I would
I
got
to go to some
games
last year there because I didn't have any soccer in the fall, my last year. So um I went to a bunch and it was and it's really fun, it's kind of like, it's not even really about, it's sort of the football, but it's just like a big tailgate and you know, era just hangs out when it's nice weather and all that. So that's. Yeah.
Did I, What? I
guess I did, yeah,
I'm
from pennsylvania, from philadelphia,
actually
that area, so a pretty outside outside of philadelphia, so a big city and so
I was only a couple, I was like three hours from Penn State. So um I looked at going all over the country to different places because to play soccer and I had different like scholarships to consider, but I ended up staying in my state because I just really liked, I liked Penn State a lot and um it wasn't too far from home, but it was, you know, far enough that it was a new experience. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
So how about, oh sorry go ahead. No
I
environmental
science
for my undergrad and then I did I actually went to the University of Wisconsin so
not far and did a one year um graduate program in the Geographic information Systems so like computer mapping and stuff so. Yeah. Okay. Well
I actually
don't
because
I mean
I did for a
few years
I
worked
for
the U. S. Geological Survey and I worked for some different uh environmental engineering companies. Um But I've since we actually I've lived kind of all over the place because my husband he coaches soccer at the universities, so we've lived at different universities which is what brought us up here, we're up at the university in this area but so he's coaching and I have a I pretty much did it till I started having kids, it kind of became like okay I could do it but we wanted to have a big family and so I actually don't work in that field now but um so I do I work part time but it's sort of related to to what I studied but not not exactly so yeah um
you know I used
to
actually
we
both
coached
together
different university so um but he's coached for a lot longer than me and it's kind of more of a career for him for me, I was just kind of doing it for fun. But
yeah they do
they
the
two older
ones and um they they play somewhat you know they don't they do other stuff too, it's not like the only thing they do they like the winter sports here like they cross country ski in the downhill ski and um soccer here is in the summer
and it's yeah and uh it's they're not having I don't know if they're
having the league
or not because it doesn't start until ditch the end of june so I don't know if it's going to happen this season or not, so we'll see. Yeah.
and it's
you
should
do it though,
do
you try
it out?
Forget it.
no.
How
well?
it must
have been,
you
know
it
probably looks
scarier
than
it
is,
but
you should try like if you wanted to try um if you wanted to ski like just to try it out you could go to um there's probably places not too far away from University of michigan. Uh Actually I'm not sure how far, but I mean there are probably I think some small ski hills in michigan um where you could try on like a little little hill, do a lesson and stuff and just to try it out if you wanted to, it wouldn't be like skiing in whistler. That's like the biggest mountain like north America pretty much
I think. Do I ski? Yeah, I do not,
not
not as much as I'd like to, I didn't grow up skiing because I mean I'm from pennsylvania and you can ski, they're a little bit but not like right where I'm from and I'm one of six kids. So skiing wasn't really something you would like Take your whole family to do would be really expensive and a lot of equipment and all that. So I didn't ski until I skied one time in middle school when I was like 12 years old and then I didn't ski again until after college. And then I I just have skied kind of since then. But um I didn't see that much because I had having four kids like you can't ski when you're pregnant and and then you can't really ski when they're little, it's just hard to do it. So um we're finally just
this last
winter we were about an hour and we're about a little less than an hour from a nice ski mountain here um in northern new york. And uh I went to that a bunch of times which was
so this winter I kind of got back into it um for the first time but I love it, I'm okay, I'm not a great skier but I could do it. We started a cross country skiing here which is really nice, like nordic
ski,
that's the one where you're like you're not going down a mountain but you're it's like flat or a little bit hilly and that and,
so
there's
a lot of good places
here
for that. Yeah that that might be that might be a good way
to try to. You just need
to
you can sometimes like either borrow skis or there might be like a nordic ski center where you can rent them. Um There's probably much more nordic
skiing than uh downhill skiing in michigan. But um if you wanted to try out that you know it's actually it's is easier than downhill in some ways because you're not going down the hill you don't have gravity to worry about but as much but it's almost harder in other ways because your skis are so skinny
and
you don't have edges on the end so it's much harder to like turn and stop. So if you, yeah so if I mean it's
but it's if you're if it's not that hilly then it's fine. But if you go like start cross country skiing and you go down a big hill people are like oh my gosh I can't stop or turn because those skis don't stop or turn as well as going on a real so don't be scared by that. Just just don't go down a big hill. Uh huh. Oh hello? Oh I can hear you but I can't see you.
Can you see me still?
I wonder what you see.
yeah let me Let me try one thing real quick. My internet should be fine to let me just move from see if that makes a difference that does have a little bit of a Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Okay. Should be okay. All right well I think let me see. Oh I see you. Okay, can you see me now? All right. I wonder. Okay. Okay. Gotcha.
So do you go
back
to um India at all?
no.
so
you
have to go
back
to India
for that
Do
you miss this?
Um I have not not nearly
as much
now that I have little
kids
before I had kids, I did um I've never been to India um but I guess the closest I kenya I was went to kenya but mostly yeah it was it was really neat, mostly europe and
some like France and italy and um Norway so mostly like western europe and that a lot of that was actually through soccer um which was kind of neat because I got to go with the U. S. Team and play against other countries and everything. Um which was really cool. Yeah and then
and I go to Canada
a lot but that doesn't really count so close, but I love to kenya with my friend backpacking for a couple of weeks um right after college, so that was, her brother was at a research camp over there um researching hyenas and we got to stay out in the bush at
the
research
camp and spend some time in Nairobi in the city and um traveled around, but I've never been to India, I would love to, that part of the world is so fascinating to me, like India all yeah. What's that?
No, no, so I had a chance
to go
to
china
when I was younger, but it was just too much like it was, it was just really expensive and um I couldn't afford at the time to get there.
So
how
do you flat,
do you fly
to
like
California
and
then?
it?
I've
never been heard of europe.
Hey,
And
you want
to
price
it?
Well I
have
to
tell you
my
I don't my I've been trying to like make some indian food because I love like, I mean this is probably not even this is probably very Americanized, but like just you know having like tikka masala or butter chicken, like things like that. Um I have been making more because you can just buy like the jar of like masala sauce and I met a lot and I've been making more with like tomato and like coconut
milk
and like grand masala and cardamom and stuff and using more spices and there's it's so good. I don't know if it's indian at all, I mean it's sort of indian, I don't know if it's authentic. Mhm.
I do
sometimes,
Get curried. Okay,
So get, get
curried,
he said,
that's correct. Ok, okay.
that's
good. Good
to
know.
because some of this, but I was thinking that's
a good idea
because
some of them,
I got
like a
a spice mixture, it's like garam masala. How do you say that Garam masala or Gara masala? Okay. I have like a have one spice blend
and it's
good because I have all those ingredients, like I think it's like close cinnamon, but it's so much, it's so much less intimidating because I can have to cook for kids who are hungry. So it's easier. But I'll look for more spice blends and I'll definitely check out the
get carried youtube, check that out. Yeah.
All
Well speaking
of
dinner
I have
to go
down and
I got check. I have some butternut squash roasting in the oven. I have to go check on it. But it was nice talking to you enjoy
University of
michigan and
if
you get out on skis, have fun, check it out. Great. All right, have a good day.
All right. Bye bye.
We