SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Or yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks that. Thank you. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Good. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Oh. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Hello? Mhm. So what, What? Mhm Hi,
SPEAKER_R: Hey, good morning
SPEAKER_L: Good morning.
SPEAKER_R: Jeremiah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm Emma,
SPEAKER_R: am I nice to meet you?
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Did you get any instructions? I just, I just follow the link of a chat.
SPEAKER_L: let me see. Um, oh, it says, um,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I don't
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: can talk about whatever you like. Just imagine you've met someone at a social event. You're getting to know each other.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm, awesome. Well tell me a little about yourself, where are you? Yeah, tell me.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm 19. Um, I live in New Jersey. I go to school at Penn State. Um, I'm majoring and advertising or public relations. I'm not sure which path I'm going to go on yet, but it's like you kind of like pick at the end of your sophomore year, like which one you want to do. And yeah, I've just been like doing like testing websites for like extra money because I did work at school, but I'm home now because of like coronavirus and everything. So like I wanted to make extra money. But yeah, I like to paint, I paint, I played volleyball in high school, I like my piano and singing so yeah. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in san Diego. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: it's a great spot to live but yeah, born and raised in California, I'm 42, Uh barely remember when I was 19, but it seems like a long time ago, but we do volleyball in common. I played volleyball
SPEAKER_L: Anyone?
SPEAKER_R: in high school. I did, I loved it and well all the sports I played, it was probably my favorite um married 17 years and three biological kids and then probably a handful of folks who have like self adopted us. So our house our house is usually like loud and full, so that's a master. Uh we work in a little, it's like a diverse neighborhood down here, so within
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: san
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Diego there's like little barrios and the one that we that were situated in um it's considered like a distressed neighborhood so um Underperforming under resourced schools, uh some gang activity, higher rates crime like a lower medium of uh income. So. Yeah that's like when when we're not sheltering in place. Um I'm coaching, we do like a sports intervention program for a lot of the youth. Um Or I'm working with like we have two partners U. S. D. I don't know if you've heard of University of san Diego but they're right down the street so we're there a little
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: bit of our partners. Yeah and then there's community college like two minutes from the house so we're on this there also and then coach football at the high school so lots of sports.
SPEAKER_L: No, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's
SPEAKER_L: So yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: what position did you play in? Volleyball?
SPEAKER_R: Well I played lobero um because I was by far the shortest kid on the team. Like we had like we had studs like a cup of our guys want to play in college and I was like 12% off the bench just because we had monsters. Like we had We had one dude Like 6364 who get his waist above the net. He got a four U. L. P. Uh
SPEAKER_L: My house.
SPEAKER_R: Our other center got a full ride to USC on a full scholarship. It was also a monster. I like just all it was a it was a super fun team. Uh
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: hear
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: me?
SPEAKER_R: would have done better. We went to state and then just couldn't put it together but the team was awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: sure a lot of people in California play volleyball so
SPEAKER_R: it's a sport. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: um I was a setter and I played outside for like a few weeks, but that didn't really work out because I'm not very good at hitting, but I like setting it was fun. Um yeah my team, like I went to an all girls school, so like our sports teams weren't like that strong obviously but like it was still fun to like play in high school.
SPEAKER_R: Well center is the most critical position I feel on the team. The leader.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was like kind of stressful but I liked doing it and I got a lot of times. So um
SPEAKER_R: Are you a jersey girl? Born and raised?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I was born in um in New york city but I was only born there like we moved right away after. So I like lived in like Northern Jersey my entire life basically.
SPEAKER_R: Where is he like?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's really it's kind of like it's not what people think it is at all. Like everyone thinks it's kind of like like the Jersey Shore like that show. But it's not it's not really like that like it's really nice like I like our beaches and stuff obviously your beaches are better. But um Yeah like I think it's pretty nice. I mean it's close to the city, it's like 30 minutes if you want to drive there and then there's I live in like a suburb area, so it's not like I mean South Jersey is like completely different than North Jersey. Some people say it's like two different states, like South Jersey's like farmland kind of and then
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: it's like
SPEAKER_R: way injures
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yes. Yeah, it's crazy,
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: like South
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: Jersey is like a completely different environment and then like North Jersey is like kind of just like, I guess like normal what people would think of Jersey, but our bagels are really good. Our piece is really good. Yeah, people aren't, I know people think of Jersey as like a stereotype of being like grumpy people, but I don't know like I don't think we're really that different from other people, but.
SPEAKER_R: to be honest I've never well I've never been to jersey, it's on the list. I mean we've been this coast, we did new york. Uh I mean I felt like some of the new Yorkers were kind of grumpy but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, definitely a new yorker
SPEAKER_R: everything.
SPEAKER_L: grumpier. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah. What are
SPEAKER_L: How did
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: you like to work when you visit him?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well here's what I remember about new york, it was freezing but
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: my my mom's like she she wanted to do like a real quick trip. So as a red eye we got off the plane and because like we're all California kids off and I think I had like a sweatshirt and it was november. You know what, so the first stop, the first stop was one of the stores just to buy a jacket and I still remember the jacket, it was like a gray hoodie with the F. D. N. Y. Uh Yeah we saw ground zero and then it was also the site of like a really big argument between me and my sister. But I think it was like the red, I caught up to us and like we couldn't, I forget what the fight was about. It was stupid but we saw a show. Yeah it was just a real when we walked Times Square. But
SPEAKER_L: time tour is pretty cool. I've been there sometimes. Yeah, when I think my work is really cool too. But I don't know, I think it can be a little over hyped and it's really yeah, it does get really cold here. But yeah, it literally like it's snowed last week in New Jersey, like it's been like really nice weather but it does not usually snow in May, like it was crazy, it was literally snowing. It was so weird and then the next day it was like 70°..
SPEAKER_R: we would struggle. There was a time because we, I grew up born and raised in the bay area. So like Oakland san Francisco, that area. And like four years ago we were in this position where I almost took a job in Minneapolis. Um and my wife still has the weather app for Minneapolis on it. And I feel like that's, I just wanted to say from like, she's like, look, it's like negative 12° today. This this could have been
SPEAKER_L: my gosh, negative 12. I would not be able to live in that. Yeah, I've
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: heard of like Alaska being like negative 40 or places like that, but I didn't know Minneapolis was that cold, wow.
SPEAKER_R: it's adult city, like they have all sorts of uh cool thing and it's supposed to be gorgeous in spring and summer, like the winters are supposed to be brutal.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's yeah. Yeah, Most like east coast areas like, I don't know. I know, I know that's not in the east coast, but like for us, it's like free. Like, I don't know. Yeah. Does it ever get like freezing in California? Is it always like warm there?
SPEAKER_R: Um if I told you, yes, you'd probably laugh. I mean it'll get it'll get like 40° around here.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, that's not
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that's not cold to
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: me?
SPEAKER_R: and I mean, even my my boys like up north because in the bay area, it'll get a little bit colder and they just think I'm soft, like it It'll be like 60° and I've got a hoodie on, right? And they're just, you set such a baby.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean we have a, I mean we have a house in Florida, like it's in Naples Florida. I don't know if you know where that is, but it's like, yeah, like my grandma lives there and she like hates coming here because like, it'll be like 50° and she'll be like freezing. Like it's crazy that people aren't used to it. And like a lot of my friends who go to college in florida now that are from Jersey, like they're like completely used to the florida weather, They don't want to come back here. Like I feel like if I went to school in California or anywhere like that, I would not want to move back because it's like so nice and warm.
SPEAKER_R: It is nice and warm different pace. Uh It's not for everybody like in the Bay Area and here in san Diego like a lot of our friends have had to move just because of like price of living. And then there's also some like weird okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I mean every state is different, right? So has its own set of pros and cons. But yeah, we love it. We love it. The climate, the people, Everything.
SPEAKER_L: So you said you had kids? Right,
SPEAKER_R: I do. I have three
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: 11
SPEAKER_L: how old are they? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: but she turns 12 on Saturday. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: 11
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: 9 and 72 girls. One boy. It's
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's so cute. I love
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: kids too, like I can't wait to have kids, but let's say cute. And do they like living in
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: California too?
SPEAKER_R: they don't know any different. Uh but they just they just walked in right now. You got it. I am Hi
SPEAKER_L: Emma?
SPEAKER_R: Emma.
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: This is Silas has
SPEAKER_L: hello?
SPEAKER_R: not come to here yet.
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: This is my this is Mikey mouse, this is Emma. Hi.
SPEAKER_L: hi,
SPEAKER_R: And then this is Eva Grace
SPEAKER_L: hi.
SPEAKER_R: ba getting ready for school, we're just about ready to know.
SPEAKER_L: you guys still have online schooling too? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Barbecue.
SPEAKER_L: I don't like it either, it's not fun, I'd
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: rather
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: be.
SPEAKER_R: what made you choose penn state. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well I actually had a lot of volleyball tournaments there, like we would go with our high school, not with our high school, I played club too, so I would go with my club team and we had tournaments and then we would have this really big tournament at the end of the year at Penn State and we would like stay in the dorms and stuff. So that's like how I like was introduced to it and I like really liked it then and then I don't know when I was just applying to schools, I just ended up applying and then I just ended up going there because I liked it so much from when I was younger when I got to go there. But
SPEAKER_R: How do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I didn't want to go to Rutgers or my state
SPEAKER_R: You want
SPEAKER_L: school,
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: so I wanted to like go to a different
SPEAKER_R: please.
SPEAKER_L: state but not be like too far away. Yeah, it's like 4.5 hours from where I live, so it's not like horrible.
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: too bad.
SPEAKER_L: I was definitely, yeah, that was I liked
SPEAKER_R: Fine.
SPEAKER_L: those valuable tournaments like that definitely like made me want to go there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Have you declared a major
SPEAKER_L: um so I haven't declared my major yet, but um I'm like
SPEAKER_R: look?
SPEAKER_L: on the track to do that, but there's a lot of times where I like think about switching it. Like I really like working with kids, so sometimes like I want to be a teacher, but then sometimes I'm like no, I don't want to do this, I want to do this so I don't really know what I want to do yet, but hopefully I'll figure it out by the end of like sophomore year when I'm supposed to figure it out. So
SPEAKER_R: Uh more the route of child development or would you go more the route of education? Like what?
SPEAKER_L: Um Probably education like um I like I don't know, I've done like tutoring before with kids and I don't know, I just like I like kids in general, so I feel like I would be a good teacher, but yeah, but then I'm like already doing something else. So like, I don't know how much it's going to take to change it and stuff, but yeah, I don't know. Like
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: I'm still,
SPEAKER_R: need good teachers.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Wait what, sorry? What do you say?
SPEAKER_R: I said we need good teachers.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah, like especially everything that's going on right now to, I don't know if teaching is ever going to be the same or if they're going to like lay off a bunch of teachers. Yeah. Like I don't know what's going to happen. Like I know my stage is still under lockdown right now. Like we're, yeah, I don't know what's going to happen with jobs in the future, but
SPEAKER_R: But one of the conversation,
SPEAKER_L: professional
SPEAKER_R: I think it's in treatment
SPEAKER_L: treatment.
SPEAKER_R: conversation that uh I'm back. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: just how bigger systems are like being forced to innovate right now. See like health care like that will never be the same. But good ways, right? Like telehealth and something that we needed to do for a long time. And then like in like my my victor like nonprofits, like we're being forced to be creative, which I think is really important, right? Like to have many resources go towards like a building and people come in once a week, like it's not sustainable and then educational field, right? Like talk to our folks at USd and Mesa, how they're, how they're forced to rethink like the learning process, right? Because like the traditional didactic, like teaching road style, like that had serious inefficiencies, right? So
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: why, why would we rushed to go back to that when we can be creative and maybe rethink how we approach learning and principal. So you're in a pretty exciting time. You'll be right at the forefront, but with myself.
SPEAKER_L: like, yeah, I mean I'm going to be a sophomore so I have some time to decide, but I don't know. It's just, yeah, It is crazy. Um What does your, you said you had a nonprofit? Like what do you guys do for that?
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's the church. So the, the church is the nonprofit, but just in general, I don't know what it's like in Jersey, but uh here in southern California, I mean, there are nonprofits for everything right in terms of like being able to try and engage with folks who, who need help. They lump us all together churches, uh, soup kitchens, homeless shop. Like it's all, it's all in that mix and everyone's having to rethink how they do things. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's crazy. So like soup, how are do you know how like soup kitchens are working right now? Are they still like work, like running?
SPEAKER_R: some are the big one that we, that we typically work with their, their closed.
SPEAKER_L: We'll see. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: at least really it would be hard to think that they would reopen. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Christie.
SPEAKER_R: I hope most of their staff are elderly and uh,
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I just, I wouldn't anticipate them being in a rush to come back. But then there are these, like, it's really cool in SAN Diego because at least in our neighborhood, a lot of our kids are on free and reduced lunch. So when they shut the schools down, you have all these families who were relying on like 1-2 meals every day for their kids. the community rallied, and there's like all these temporary soup
SPEAKER_L: This is
SPEAKER_R: kitchens or feeding centers that just
SPEAKER_L: Daniel.
SPEAKER_R: kind of sprung up, so the one like by our house, it's in the parking lot of the high school and you just drive in, they have everything packaged and they just handed through the window, if there just isn't how quickly people came together for that.
SPEAKER_L: They're doing something like, I don't know about soup kitchens for us, but I mean, I used to like, I used to volunteer but not soup kitchen, so I don't really know how that works. But like if you want to get food or something now like for us to just like order it online like everything's online and it's just like curbside pickup like they come out to your car and just like bring out your food and like I don't know like I feel like everything is like working as it is now. I feel like everything's just going to be different in the future anyways.
SPEAKER_R: it is,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: does that make you nervous or stressed out or?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Mm hmm. Kind of like, I just feel like the world just had like a reset button and now everything is going to be different. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: and a
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: kind of mm I mean I don't like the idea of just like no like social interacting just ordering it online and then just everything's online. I like social interaction. And I feel like this virus is just like kind of like bringing social interaction apart because like you literally can't interact or else there's a chance that you're going to get the virus. So I mean I think it's different. I don't know if it's necessarily good, but I just think it's like a big change. I don't know how I mean. I don't know what's going to happen. I don't think any anyone knows what's going to happen. But I don't know. That's my opinion on it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: we'll always look back on 2020 and there'll be lots of to being part of it is. Yeah, I think it's fair to challenge the extent of one of the economic shutdown and then also
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: uh the stay at home just due to decisions that were made by leadership, like in the last few years, right? So I think I think it's healthy to at least question those things. Um But yeah we're I don't know about Jersey like in California were like right at the precipice of like how do you how do you choose between two terrible things? Right? Like sooner or later we have to open up the economy because like these folks, like a lot of our people like they're just scared they're going to lose their homes. Like that's that's a real thing. And then how do you weigh that out versus like here in California it's like I don't know a 0.3 chance of dying from the virus. So like when when does like what can happen from the economy and the fallout from that like over like way more than like the potential of a lot more people getting the virus and dying. So we're
SPEAKER_L: I just don't like yeah, like I just feel like no one knows what to do because it's like you have to open the economy, but then there's people that are dying. But then it's like, I don't know, I don't like America is a free country so like I don't know if they should be like keeping us on lockdown. Like I don't know any like I don't know because this has never happened before. It's just crazy to think about some things happening like this. But
SPEAKER_R: What do your parents say?
SPEAKER_L: um my parents like they think that that the economy should be like back up again because like they think that it's like they were definitely like keeping me inside and like being very cautious about it but now they're just kind of like I want this to be over. Like they're still being cautious but they just like they agree with me that the economy should open up and they think that like the old people should stay home and be cautious. Like the people who have like pre existing conditions should be cautious. But like young kids like me isn't going to die from the virus if I'm going out. But yeah
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: I mean. Yeah I mean I think it's just like I don't know like I think that kids are fine, but I mean they can be carriers to other people and it's just like, it's just hard to tell because no one knows anything. Like there's no vaccine
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: yet. So.
SPEAKER_R: seems like we're close, you know, with the vaccine, the vaccines I got. I'm even, I don't like if they came out with the vaccine tomorrow, I still know if if I would rush to get our family vaccinated
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. Because you guys don't want to be like the guinea pigs, like do you want?
SPEAKER_R: actually. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: because literally right when the vaccine comes out, everyone is going to be the guinea pigs because this has never happened before. No one knows what's going to happen. It's gonna take a while to even get approved. I don't know. It's just a mess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Are you at home right now?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I am.
SPEAKER_R: So mom, dad, any siblings?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, I have a younger sibling. She's um 7th. Yeah, she's 17. So she's a she's going to be a senior in high school and yeah, I live with my mom and my dad. Yeah, I'm usually at college right now, but I'm home. Well, I want to be home right now. I mean, yeah, I would be home right now, but it was just annoying to have like half of my senior year cut off. Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I lost you. You got me now.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry. Um I mean, I think, I think our conversation Is I don't know if it cut off because it's been 25 minutes or something. Yeah, but it's been 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: It's been great to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Great to meet you and great to talk to you.
SPEAKER_R: Best of luck in college and beyond.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Stay safe.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Emma, You too.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.