Hey, good morning
Jeremiah,
am I nice to meet you?
Did you get any instructions? I just, I just follow the link of a chat.
Mhm. I don't
know.
Mhm, awesome. Well tell me a little about yourself, where are you? Yeah, tell me.
I'm in san Diego. Yeah,
it's a great spot to live but yeah, born and raised in California, I'm 42, Uh barely remember when I was 19, but it seems like a long time ago, but we do volleyball in common. I played volleyball
in high school. I did, I loved it and well all the sports I played, it was probably my favorite um married 17 years and three biological kids and then probably a handful of folks who have like self adopted us. So our house our house is usually like loud and full, so that's a master. Uh we work in a little, it's like a diverse neighborhood down here, so within
san
Diego there's like little barrios and the one that we that were situated in um it's considered like a distressed neighborhood so um Underperforming under resourced schools, uh some gang activity, higher rates crime like a lower medium of uh income. So. Yeah that's like when when we're not sheltering in place. Um I'm coaching, we do like a sports intervention program for a lot of the youth. Um Or I'm working with like we have two partners U. S. D. I don't know if you've heard of University of san Diego but they're right down the street so we're there a little
bit of our partners. Yeah and then there's community college like two minutes from the house so we're on this there also and then coach football at the high school so lots of sports.
Yeah it's
Mhm.
Well I played lobero um because I was by far the shortest kid on the team. Like we had like we had studs like a cup of our guys want to play in college and I was like 12% off the bench just because we had monsters. Like we had We had one dude Like 6364 who get his waist above the net. He got a four U. L. P. Uh
Our other center got a full ride to USC on a full scholarship. It was also a monster. I like just all it was a it was a super fun team. Uh
And
I
would have done better. We went to state and then just couldn't put it together but the team was awesome.
But
it's a sport. Yeah.
Well center is the most critical position I feel on the team. The leader.
Are you a jersey girl? Born and raised?
Where is he like?
No
way injures
not
as
to be honest I've never well I've never been to jersey, it's on the list. I mean we've been this coast, we did new york. Uh I mean I felt like some of the new Yorkers were kind of grumpy but
everything.
So yeah. What are
you?
Uh Well here's what I remember about new york, it was freezing but
my my mom's like she she wanted to do like a real quick trip. So as a red eye we got off the plane and because like we're all California kids off and I think I had like a sweatshirt and it was november. You know what, so the first stop, the first stop was one of the stores just to buy a jacket and I still remember the jacket, it was like a gray hoodie with the F. D. N. Y. Uh Yeah we saw ground zero and then it was also the site of like a really big argument between me and my sister. But I think it was like the red, I caught up to us and like we couldn't, I forget what the fight was about. It was stupid but we saw a show. Yeah it was just a real when we walked Times Square. But
we would struggle. There was a time because we, I grew up born and raised in the bay area. So like Oakland san Francisco, that area. And like four years ago we were in this position where I almost took a job in Minneapolis. Um and my wife still has the weather app for Minneapolis on it. And I feel like that's, I just wanted to say from like, she's like, look, it's like negative 12° today. This this could have been
what?
it's adult city, like they have all sorts of uh cool thing and it's supposed to be gorgeous in spring and summer, like the winters are supposed to be brutal.
Um if I told you, yes, you'd probably laugh. I mean it'll get it'll get like 40° around here.
I
know,
and I mean, even my my boys like up north because in the bay area, it'll get a little bit colder and they just think I'm soft, like it It'll be like 60° and I've got a hoodie on, right? And they're just, you set such a baby.
It is nice and warm different pace. Uh It's not for everybody like in the Bay Area and here in san Diego like a lot of our friends have had to move just because of like price of living. And then there's also some like weird okay.
I mean every state is different, right? So has its own set of pros and cons. But yeah, we love it. We love it. The climate, the people, Everything.
I do. I have three
11
but she turns 12 on Saturday. So
11
9 and 72 girls. One boy. It's
the
well
they don't know any different. Uh but they just they just walked in right now. You got it. I am Hi
Emma.
This is Silas has
not come to here yet.
This is my this is Mikey mouse, this is Emma. Hi.
And then this is Eva Grace
ba getting ready for school, we're just about ready to know.
Mhm. Barbecue.
It's
not
what made you choose penn state. Mhm.
How do you do?
You want
more
please.
Not
too bad.
Fine.
Yeah. Have you declared a major
look?
Uh more the route of child development or would you go more the route of education? Like what?
We
need good teachers.
I said we need good teachers.
But one of the conversation,
I think it's in treatment
conversation that uh I'm back. Um
just how bigger systems are like being forced to innovate right now. See like health care like that will never be the same. But good ways, right? Like telehealth and something that we needed to do for a long time. And then like in like my my victor like nonprofits, like we're being forced to be creative, which I think is really important, right? Like to have many resources go towards like a building and people come in once a week, like it's not sustainable and then educational field, right? Like talk to our folks at USd and Mesa, how they're, how they're forced to rethink like the learning process, right? Because like the traditional didactic, like teaching road style, like that had serious inefficiencies, right? So
why, why would we rushed to go back to that when we can be creative and maybe rethink how we approach learning and principal. So you're in a pretty exciting time. You'll be right at the forefront, but with myself.
Well, that's the church. So the, the church is the nonprofit, but just in general, I don't know what it's like in Jersey, but uh here in southern California, I mean, there are nonprofits for everything right in terms of like being able to try and engage with folks who, who need help. They lump us all together churches, uh, soup kitchens, homeless shop. Like it's all, it's all in that mix and everyone's having to rethink how they do things. So
some are the big one that we, that we typically work with their, their closed.
at least really it would be hard to think that they would reopen. Um,
I hope most of their staff are elderly and uh,
I just, I wouldn't anticipate them being in a rush to come back. But then there are these, like, it's really cool in SAN Diego because at least in our neighborhood, a lot of our kids are on free and reduced lunch. So when they shut the schools down, you have all these families who were relying on like 1-2 meals every day for their kids. the community rallied, and there's like all these temporary soup
kitchens or feeding centers that just
kind of sprung up, so the one like by our house, it's in the parking lot of the high school and you just drive in, they have everything packaged and they just handed through the window, if there just isn't how quickly people came together for that.
it is,
does that make you nervous or stressed out or?
and a
good
Yeah,
we'll always look back on 2020 and there'll be lots of to being part of it is. Yeah, I think it's fair to challenge the extent of one of the economic shutdown and then also
uh the stay at home just due to decisions that were made by leadership, like in the last few years, right? So I think I think it's healthy to at least question those things. Um But yeah we're I don't know about Jersey like in California were like right at the precipice of like how do you how do you choose between two terrible things? Right? Like sooner or later we have to open up the economy because like these folks, like a lot of our people like they're just scared they're going to lose their homes. Like that's that's a real thing. And then how do you weigh that out versus like here in California it's like I don't know a 0.3 chance of dying from the virus. So like when when does like what can happen from the economy and the fallout from that like over like way more than like the potential of a lot more people getting the virus and dying. So we're
What do your parents say?
It
it
seems like we're close, you know, with the vaccine, the vaccines I got. I'm even, I don't like if they came out with the vaccine tomorrow, I still know if if I would rush to get our family vaccinated
actually. Yeah.
Are you at home right now?
So mom, dad, any siblings?
I lost you. You got me now.
It's been great to meet you.
Best of luck in college and beyond.
All right. Emma, You too.