Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Or yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks that. Thank you. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Good. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Oh. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Hello? Mhm. So what, What? Mhm Hi,
Good morning.
I'm Emma,
nice to meet you.
let me see. Um, oh, it says, um,
you
can talk about whatever you like. Just imagine you've met someone at a social event. You're getting to know each other.
So I'm 19. Um, I live in New Jersey. I go to school at Penn State. Um, I'm majoring and advertising or public relations. I'm not sure which path I'm going to go on yet, but it's like you kind of like pick at the end of your sophomore year, like which one you want to do. And yeah, I've just been like doing like testing websites for like extra money because I did work at school, but I'm home now because of like coronavirus and everything. So like I wanted to make extra money. But yeah, I like to paint, I paint, I played volleyball in high school, I like my piano and singing so yeah. What about you?
that's cool.
Anyone?
I
don't know.
That's
No, that's cool.
So yeah. Um
what position did you play in? Volleyball?
My house.
You
hear
me?
Yeah, I'm
sure a lot of people in California play volleyball so
um I was a setter and I played outside for like a few weeks, but that didn't really work out because I'm not very good at hitting, but I like setting it was fun. Um yeah my team, like I went to an all girls school, so like our sports teams weren't like that strong obviously but like it was still fun to like play in high school.
Yeah it was like kind of stressful but I liked doing it and I got a lot of times. So um
Yeah I was born in um in New york city but I was only born there like we moved right away after. So I like lived in like Northern Jersey my entire life basically.
Yeah it's really it's kind of like it's not what people think it is at all. Like everyone thinks it's kind of like like the Jersey Shore like that show. But it's not it's not really like that like it's really nice like I like our beaches and stuff obviously your beaches are better. But um Yeah like I think it's pretty nice. I mean it's close to the city, it's like 30 minutes if you want to drive there and then there's I live in like a suburb area, so it's not like I mean South Jersey is like completely different than North Jersey. Some people say it's like two different states, like South Jersey's like farmland kind of and then
it's like
Yeah. Yes. Yeah, it's crazy,
like South
Jersey is like a completely different environment and then like North Jersey is like kind of just like, I guess like normal what people would think of Jersey, but our bagels are really good. Our piece is really good. Yeah, people aren't, I know people think of Jersey as like a stereotype of being like grumpy people, but I don't know like I don't think we're really that different from other people, but.
Yeah, no, definitely a new yorker
grumpier. Mhm.
How did
you like to work when you visit him?
it's
time tour is pretty cool. I've been there sometimes. Yeah, when I think my work is really cool too. But I don't know, I think it can be a little over hyped and it's really yeah, it does get really cold here. But yeah, it literally like it's snowed last week in New Jersey, like it's been like really nice weather but it does not usually snow in May, like it was crazy, it was literally snowing. It was so weird and then the next day it was like 70°..
my gosh, negative 12. I would not be able to live in that. Yeah, I've
heard of like Alaska being like negative 40 or places like that, but I didn't know Minneapolis was that cold, wow.
Yeah, that's yeah. Yeah, Most like east coast areas like, I don't know. I know, I know that's not in the east coast, but like for us, it's like free. Like, I don't know. Yeah. Does it ever get like freezing in California? Is it always like warm there?
Okay. Yeah, that's not
that's not cold to
me?
Yeah, I mean we have a, I mean we have a house in Florida, like it's in Naples Florida. I don't know if you know where that is, but it's like, yeah, like my grandma lives there and she like hates coming here because like, it'll be like 50° and she'll be like freezing. Like it's crazy that people aren't used to it. And like a lot of my friends who go to college in florida now that are from Jersey, like they're like completely used to the florida weather, They don't want to come back here. Like I feel like if I went to school in California or anywhere like that, I would not want to move back because it's like so nice and warm.
Mhm.
So you said you had kids? Right,
so
how old are they? Okay.
Oh my gosh.
What?
Oh that's so cute. I love
kids too, like I can't wait to have kids, but let's say cute. And do they like living in
California too?
Emma?
Hi,
hello?
Hi,
hi,
hi.
you guys still have online schooling too? Yeah,
I don't like it either, it's not fun, I'd
rather
be.
Well I actually had a lot of volleyball tournaments there, like we would go with our high school, not with our high school, I played club too, so I would go with my club team and we had tournaments and then we would have this really big tournament at the end of the year at Penn State and we would like stay in the dorms and stuff. So that's like how I like was introduced to it and I like really liked it then and then I don't know when I was just applying to schools, I just ended up applying and then I just ended up going there because I liked it so much from when I was younger when I got to go there. But
I didn't want to go to Rutgers or my state
school,
so I wanted to like go to a different
state but not be like too far away. Yeah, it's like 4.5 hours from where I live, so it's not like horrible.
But
I was definitely, yeah, that was I liked
those valuable tournaments like that definitely like made me want to go there.
um so I haven't declared my major yet, but um I'm like
on the track to do that, but there's a lot of times where I like think about switching it. Like I really like working with kids, so sometimes like I want to be a teacher, but then sometimes I'm like no, I don't want to do this, I want to do this so I don't really know what I want to do yet, but hopefully I'll figure it out by the end of like sophomore year when I'm supposed to figure it out. So
Um Probably education like um I like I don't know, I've done like tutoring before with kids and I don't know, I just like I like kids in general, so I feel like I would be a good teacher, but yeah, but then I'm like already doing something else. So like, I don't know how much it's going to take to change it and stuff, but yeah, I don't know. Like
I'm still,
yeah. Wait what, sorry? What do you say?
Oh yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah, like especially everything that's going on right now to, I don't know if teaching is ever going to be the same or if they're going to like lay off a bunch of teachers. Yeah. Like I don't know what's going to happen. Like I know my stage is still under lockdown right now. Like we're, yeah, I don't know what's going to happen with jobs in the future, but
professional
treatment.
Yeah.
And
like, yeah, I mean I'm going to be a sophomore so I have some time to decide, but I don't know. It's just, yeah, It is crazy. Um What does your, you said you had a nonprofit? Like what do you guys do for that?
Yeah. That's crazy. So like soup, how are do you know how like soup kitchens are working right now? Are they still like work, like running?
We'll see. Mhm.
Christie.
yeah.
This is
Daniel.
They're doing something like, I don't know about soup kitchens for us, but I mean, I used to like, I used to volunteer but not soup kitchen, so I don't really know how that works. But like if you want to get food or something now like for us to just like order it online like everything's online and it's just like curbside pickup like they come out to your car and just like bring out your food and like I don't know like I feel like everything is like working as it is now. I feel like everything's just going to be different in the future anyways.
I don't know. Yeah.
Uh huh. Mm hmm. Kind of like, I just feel like the world just had like a reset button and now everything is going to be different. Uh huh
It
kind of mm I mean I don't like the idea of just like no like social interacting just ordering it online and then just everything's online. I like social interaction. And I feel like this virus is just like kind of like bringing social interaction apart because like you literally can't interact or else there's a chance that you're going to get the virus. So I mean I think it's different. I don't know if it's necessarily good, but I just think it's like a big change. I don't know how I mean. I don't know what's going to happen. I don't think any anyone knows what's going to happen. But I don't know. That's my opinion on it. Yeah.
Mhm.
Hello?
I just don't like yeah, like I just feel like no one knows what to do because it's like you have to open the economy, but then there's people that are dying. But then it's like, I don't know, I don't like America is a free country so like I don't know if they should be like keeping us on lockdown. Like I don't know any like I don't know because this has never happened before. It's just crazy to think about some things happening like this. But
um my parents like they think that that the economy should be like back up again because like they think that it's like they were definitely like keeping me inside and like being very cautious about it but now they're just kind of like I want this to be over. Like they're still being cautious but they just like they agree with me that the economy should open up and they think that like the old people should stay home and be cautious. Like the people who have like pre existing conditions should be cautious. But like young kids like me isn't going to die from the virus if I'm going out. But yeah
I mean. Yeah I mean I think it's just like I don't know like I think that kids are fine, but I mean they can be carriers to other people and it's just like, it's just hard to tell because no one knows anything. Like there's no vaccine
yet. So.
Right. Yeah. Because you guys don't want to be like the guinea pigs, like do you want?
because literally right when the vaccine comes out, everyone is going to be the guinea pigs because this has never happened before. No one knows what's going to happen. It's gonna take a while to even get approved. I don't know. It's just a mess. Yeah.
Yeah, I am.
Um Yeah, I have a younger sibling. She's um 7th. Yeah, she's 17. So she's a she's going to be a senior in high school and yeah, I live with my mom and my dad. Yeah, I'm usually at college right now, but I'm home. Well, I want to be home right now. I mean, yeah, I would be home right now, but it was just annoying to have like half of my senior year cut off. Mhm. Yeah,
I'm sorry. Um I mean, I think, I think our conversation Is I don't know if it cut off because it's been 25 minutes or something. Yeah, but it's been 25 minutes.
Great to meet you and great to talk to you.
Thank you. Stay safe.
Bye.