SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello? I want to. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. It's your find out home yet. You know I really did have found $500 today and the hello kitty notebook. He was a little low on cash. Alright. See you later. You want to go. Thank you. Yeah. That's great. Hey you know that saying hey 7? It's funny. Get that's right. So we'll talk about that. You got your back sure you want some cookies bad. Okay. You everything? Okay? I don't know. There's just really cute for you. Yeah. Make sure I don't have to. Well just like today you started yesterday about the girl you know stank. She was four. Can't be anything really before you know what? You'll be wearing this horse and check it. Really? Yeah, I think I landed your dad. Oh wow. Yeah. Get totally gone. All that true. All simple ingredients, all the weight of the top. Oh careful and all my deliciousness, spent it all for you to see your skin. You can use your yourself with all the shit yourself. Sorry. Wait, wait. I don't remember it of course. But my mother, it was a fairly difficult time teacher. It was just through and for many ones, but she's watching funny trying to do what they want. No, she was also a very strong danger was over. Okay. Well, since you a new world like mother like me, we get, we all have the strength to do it. Do it. Come on years old. We just take care about, Oh yeah. Now available today. Yeah. Together. I think the very first night couples here tonight at eight Candy National Sound. Was that your girlfriend? That's okay too. All right. Uh, let's take a little bathroom racer wants to watch the truck. Yeah, that's gonna happen. Oh. Oh, I want to talk to you. Oh, john, I'm kind of embarrassed. People stand out loud way of doing that. I know it's not, you know what? I'm just going to wait, but she started to enjoy it. I like being a mom. I want her husband shirt. You know, that was highlighted joy. I know. I'm not crazy. I'm not just like, it's getting harder and harder not to fall into this order. Are you doing kicking Okay here. I'm talking to the mother who. Thank you that I am here a boy in love with my big family. What do you start by? Mr, softer. What? Don't worry. He's got me up ahead now, but I'm thinking of it where the hunt is going to be coming to hunt. Yeah, I want you to give more reason to stay. I am happy to keep long. Okay. Okay. Next time. Check for the big open door. Welcome. Yeah, yeah. Oh, Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah, they, they are. Thank you. My idea today. Of lunch. That's all depression shirts. Actually, I didn't have a, oh, the Children being tomorrow, we have to spend time as a family. What he wants to go to drink the, at the house, stop, stop, stop, stop. Okay. Say some real because I'm making blue very much like a uh huh. Yeah. Morning, uh, sheriff casting center over. So you're off the hook. Oh, I just sent over another mom. But you know what? Actually, I'm fine. That's all right. Carrie, I'm here. You take it back to the, uh, you know, so I really think hello? Mr, but it's not fair to bob, You know, especially charlotte and jenny change Mom's like this. I mean, you'll have to be over to know that's going on. Okay. You're being replaced because thank you for saying about you. I'll wait for him a car. It's just been, it's still uncomfortable, you know, listening to them that believe that. And uh you guys are okay with this when you were cool and kind of went on the back, go for it because you think it might not work. But I got that splinter out for you and you have no problem. Duck bar. I'm shooting deaths from heart. I don't get my money. Okay. Okay. I did. I did with Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, Hello there.
SPEAKER_R: Why? Uh
SPEAKER_L: How can you see me? Okay?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, can you see me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you're a little blurry, but that's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, so does it, do you know if there's anything we're supposed to talk about?
SPEAKER_L: No, actually, I think the premises, we just met each other and we just strike up a conversation and go from there. So uh I guess I'll start by
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: introducing myself. My name is Danish. I'm 46 years old. I live in Cincinnati. Actually, it's a little suburb right outside of Cincinnati. Um lived here for about eight years now. I've got two boys that drive me crazy. Um And I work in the hospitality industry and uh
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: that's about it. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm, well, I'm 18, I turned 19 on monday. Um So do their
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: important,
SPEAKER_L: have your birthday.
SPEAKER_R: but uh yeah, I am, I'm just finishing up high school uh and if all goes well, I'll go to college in the fall. Um I live in Brooklyn. Um It's just my mom and me. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_L: All right. How are things in Brooklyn?
SPEAKER_R: Um not as bad as they were. It was pretty wild for a bit when everything was kind of like accelerating, but now it's kind of died down a bit. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: are you are you able to go out now or or or does um what
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is it De Blasio? Who's your mayor?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. DiBlasio. So we were somewhat allowed to go out, so everybody has to wear a mask there outside. Um Generally the streets are emptier than I've ever seen them. Uh And I've only really been out uh besides like getting groceries and stuff uh Once just for a walk on Mother's Day with them all? Yeah. What about in Cincinnati? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Um now we so our our mayor and governor lifted the home restrictions, so we're I mean we have we don't have to but you know we're trying to practice social distancing and wearing masks and gloves, which I do, but I mean there's a lot of people just out and about because everything's been lifted. And actually today was I know, I don't know what the specific restrictions are, but today was the last day, like the last restriction was lifted today, so um technically we're back to normal but not really. Uh And
SPEAKER_R: Talk
SPEAKER_L: for me
SPEAKER_R: to me.
SPEAKER_L: I have both, my kids are very high risk. Um One is a junior in high school, the other the other one is a freshman and they're both asthmatic, so they're both high risk, so I can't take the chance of, you know, walking around without a master club. So uh so I'm still pretending like we're in quarantine. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just taking every precaution, but I really haven't been in the city, I've just been on my little, you know like just like you gas station and grocery store and that's it. Um But it depends on the grocery store, like if you go to walmart and stuff they'll be like half of the people will be covered in the other half along. Um But if you go to like whole foods or something that everyone is covered up or whatever. So I guess it's just the type of place that you go to. Um So yeah I haven't I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: you said you work in hospitality, how is that working right now, like is that all shut down still, or?
SPEAKER_L: Well we were essential workers um But that didn't mean anything if people can't be out and about and travel. Um So we're transient market, there's some parts that are touristy
SPEAKER_R: Stop.
SPEAKER_L: but no one's coming in. So uh
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: you know we've got to motels here actually one here and one in coastal south Carolina. So I do a lot of traveling. The one in coastal south Carolina is a tourist town, so that was closed down. Um So we weren't doing anything. They're the one here even though we were deemed essential workers,
SPEAKER_R: Work,
SPEAKER_L: you know we weren't running anything. So that was a very quiet time for us that month and a half, two months and we're in the period where we're supposed to be ramping up. So and that didn't happen. So uh we'll see what happens in the next week, few weeks. And uh, you know, people start coming and traveling. That'd be great as long as they do it carefully. But you know, we put like the barricades of the plastic barricades and in our in our common areas. So that way it protects not only our guests but
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: our employees and ourselves as well. So, but we're seeing a small ramp up, but we're still not there yet.
SPEAKER_R: Do you think, do you expect uh this summer to kind of get back to normal or when is kind of like your timeframe for like returned to normal? Really?
SPEAKER_L: Well I don't I don't suspect anything to be back to normal in the way that it's been prior. You know, everyone we're still going to keep the plexiglass up, We're still going to do um, you know, extra sanitation, we've with our, you know, with our partners, you know, extra chemicals and stuff like that. I mean we have to um just because it's there. I don't think things will get back to normal until this thing is eradicated. I mean that's just the truth of it all and we're expecting a decent summer. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But nothing like we were, we had really high hopes coming into, you know, december uh just because the economy was great and you know, um But yeah, we'll see what happens in terms of uh what happens. But we're optimistic. Um That's about how about you? Did you did you guys you didn't have a graduation, did you?
SPEAKER_R: now we're going to have a virtual graduation in about a week and a half um and I haven't had a class in person for a long time. Uh Yeah, we were kind of the first to get access in that regard. Um Just because new york is such a hot spot for everything. Um But I don't know, I think online classes have been all right. Um been some issues just because my mom is self employed and she works in construction um and so like everything is shut down uh and the things that are starting to open back up, it's like the restriction is that only one person could be on at a time and when like she does like plaster and stuff and when you're doing a huge wall, like you kind of need other people there, you can't do it all yourself and get it done in time or you can't do it all yourself and stay safe. Um Always and I think it's just like it's going to be difficult getting back to everything but I don't know. I think I'm glad I'm here um to help her with it. Doing all the stuff that I can we can do from home and everything. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So a lot of zoom classes then?
SPEAKER_R: everything's over zoom and um are teachers don't have any like there's no synchronous meetings, it's all just post work and you have it done by the end of the week. Uh Yeah, I'm finishing up. It's it's weird. It's not the senior spring I imagined. Um But I'm hoping at least I get freshman year of college the way I hope anyway. I wanted. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Same thing with my boys. They did everything on zoom and uh they're, you know, they're getting nancy, but um they want to go outside and stuff, but so have you made a college choice or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm going to Yale in the fall. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow, congratulations, that's awesome. And do you have any thoughts as to what you're gonna do while you're at Yale?
SPEAKER_R: Um I haven't totally decided yet but uh some kind of combination of english or history and like echo and or policy wise, something like that. Um Yeah, I like I am more of like a qualitative kind of person, like I really love writing essays, I do a lot
SPEAKER_L: Group.
SPEAKER_R: of creative writing at school, I like I run our literary magazine. Um but then I also enjoy like using math um to kind of model stuff and so kind of mixing those is something I'm looking to do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have actually, I have an economics background too. I was hoping to, you know, get into actually a double major in biology and economics, hoping to get into med school. But I knew I had had to do because it's a family business. I knew I had to do both. So, uh, the medical thing didn't work out, but uh, you know, the economics definitely help. But yeah, there's a lot of qualitative things that I have to do on a daily basis, weekly basis, monthly basis in that Yukon background does help from micro economic standpoint.
SPEAKER_R: Hm.
SPEAKER_L: So that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: What about the biology? Does
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: that help
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: my wife?
SPEAKER_L: that was, that was in hopes to go to be pre-med, but
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the m katz killed me. So, uh, yeah, so that didn't work. So, but again, I had the Nikon in the family business to fall back on. So, uh, it was not a dream fulfilled, but it was on the other side, not a dream lost either. So, uh, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's great.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm sure. Did you, I mean did you enjoy biology learning it for itself or was it really just from at school?
SPEAKER_L: no, I actually enjoyed it. So there's a correlation between the two, It's all about processes, Right? So you've got a processes on a micro level, in terms of your biology, how you're, you know, you're, you're different functions work. And then with economics, it's about how the masses work, um, on, on a non individual level, how businesses and, you know, communities and countries work. So in terms of, there's a correlation, like I said in terms of mechanisms and what causes this and causation and stuff like that. So, uh, so it wasn't too much out of the realm, but I enjoyed both definitely. So well wow,
SPEAKER_R: cause and effect in very different ways, but that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Do you do you feel like uh I don't know, I I I was never great in science, I mean I've still got time but I I don't think that's what I see myself doing, but do you feel like you're having that biology background is helping you understand more of what's going on right now because I feel like something's I don't totally get with what's going on
SPEAKER_L: Now
SPEAKER_R: with the
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: whole
SPEAKER_L: too far removed and and plus you know, I haven't kept up with it so you know what if the kids go and get some sort of medication, I'll look into it and you know, and how it affects their bodies and stuff
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: like that. But that's
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: I havent done anything other than that and it kept up with any new developments with, you know, viruses and stuff like that, so uh but no, it doesn't give me any more insight, unfortunately, I wish I would have kept up with it in hindsight, but I mean when the world was was gonna know this was gonna
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: happen, but um but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: you what are your kids interested? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: right now
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: the younger one, I'm sorry, the older one wants to be
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: a vet. Um so you want to be a veterinarian? And the younger ones, he's still a freshman, so he's got time, he'll probably do something in business. Um You know I just told him go into something like consulting or something like this is cool, you know, I'm sure someone's you know doing some consulting work with this so but he wants to do something in business is what I feel like. Um But he still got time, so he's still uh learning himself I guess so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel like a lot of, I don't know, I feel like looking back on my four years now, I think I kind of fell into one path too early and I'm lucky it ended up working out, but sometimes I wish like I'd explored a bit more, I kind of knew I wanted to do a lot of writing from the beginning and so I kind of just did that. Um. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well you'll have plenty of elective at Yale, so so you you still got time, Come on. How about this summer, what are your plans for the summer if you are able to move about a little bit more freely?
SPEAKER_R: I'm probably just gonna work nearby, I've sent out a couple of applications just like Starbucks and Chick Fil a and stuff um just to get some money for next year uh and to pay tuition. Um I mean they've got really good aid which is great but you know with this year it's not looking the best right now so we just got to make up in whatever way I can. Um I don't know I think other than that I'm going to try and just like take some online classes, do a lot of my own reading. Uh I'm doing this kind of mentorship program um for writing uh kind of both sides that I'm working with an older mentor in creative writing that I'm also helping a younger kid in my school um with his writing. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh how awesome. Okay. I said how awesome! That's great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I think like there wasn't a lot of opportunities at our school for creative writing when I came and I wanted to make sure that I left uh some stuff for the kids after me to do just, it was a bit easier in that regard and so that's what I've kind of tried to do this last year is kind of set up things and programs and recurring events with the english department and just try to make it live when I leave. Um
SPEAKER_L: well that's great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah what about you and your family? Is there anything that you were planning to do this summer that you can't more?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, actually we were planning on taking a cruise um which definitely is not going to happen. I think I heard on the news that a couple of cruise lines are opening up why anyone would go on it.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't I wouldn't know but we were planning on taking a cruise. The boys haven't been on something like that ever. So uh that was gonna be our summer our summer trip. Um but that's not happening so more than likely. Um It'll just be us once once uh the
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: weather gets a little warmer. Um Maybe a little bit of golf here and there. They they both like to play golf that's about it. Um They're going to be at home bored out of their minds playing Xbox and uh and hopefully uh that coursera so I'm gonna try to get them push them to take some classes over the over the summer and not get their minds dull. Um But yeah, so hopefully I'll be busy just going back and forth with work, how very much that is demanded to uh you know of me, but in terms of what are non work plans, where those are gone, so um and even if we are able to travel will probably just do something really close by with friends and family or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah the only thing that we had planned to do other than kind of just staying around was maybe to go visit my grandma in Canada, but she's retirement home and I really doubt that they're looking for visitors right now
SPEAKER_L: No, no. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: when we talked to her about it didn't really seem like that was saying it was on the table, but I don't know whenever the next time is maybe um Yeah wow, so uh I mean what what's what's Cincinnati like or with your kind of town like?
SPEAKER_L: So since 90 is not one of those um it's it's no new york city or Brooklyn for sure, which actually the Voice and I did um uh we stayed in Times Square one to thanksgivings ago and that was a blast. We had, we had we had such a good time, but Cincinnati is one of those, I wouldn't even call it a secondary, possibly a tertiary city. Um It's fun. Um It's it's there's a lot of festivals and stuff going on. Um
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But that's about it, I mean we stay we're in the periphery so we're busy just you know either with school work or just traveling back and forth for my work. So we we rarely make it out into the city if we do it's foreplay or or or you know sporting event or special outing. But it's a fun little city. Um It's you know it's got it's got a variety of things um to do but like I said it's no it's no new york city or Brooklyn for sure. So uh we didn't make it out to your side, we stayed pretty much and um Times Square in Manhattan and stuff so we'll have to do that next time.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah yeah, I've kind of grown up in Brooklyn um I lived in upstate new york for a while though uh so I kind of had the city experiencing kind of the last city experience, I lived on a farm upstate for a while More so a very different kind of thing when I around when I was able to, when I was like 14 before we moved back down. But yeah, I can definitely see
SPEAKER_L: Come.
SPEAKER_R: uh I don't know, there was like maybe a few things to do in town, there was like a movie theater and that's it, and then like a shopping mall. Um Yeah, I I know what you mean, uh it's not new york um but I don't think a lot of things other than new york are our new york.
SPEAKER_L: That's true, that's true.
SPEAKER_R: but I mean even that it's like you really don't have time to do everything anyway, and so a lot of the things that you're able to do, their kind of just things you're able to do.
SPEAKER_L: Got you. Now what were your ties from upstate new york to Brooklyn?
SPEAKER_R: The Um so my uh my dad passed away when I was around uh nine.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And so my step dad had a house of state where we lived with him for a while but we moved back down when he also passed away um
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow I'm sorry
SPEAKER_R: When I was 14 and when I went to school back down here again um yeah but we lived up there and stayed with him um And that was there was really no kind of tie, it was just my mom knew him because they both went to school together when they lived in Georgia. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_L: we're in Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: uh like they went to U. G. A. Together. Um
SPEAKER_L: okay.
SPEAKER_R: And then before that they lived in different parts of the state but my mom was like in Albany um Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I went to school in Atlanta. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Uh Like emery or?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I went to school at Emory. Yeah so yeah that's pretty cool. So you G. A. Was we had a couple of friends that went to there so we spent a couple of crazy nights at at G. A. So that was that was pretty fun. Um But yeah that's cool. So uh
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I'm sorry to hear about your family but that's that's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: great that you're settled in Brooklyn and uh uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah what's what's what's going on before all this was happening in Brooklyn now That's east of Manhattan. Right
SPEAKER_R: Uh South.
SPEAKER_L: south of. Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Uh, so like Manhattan's the middle kind of island. Then there's Bronx to the north in Brooklyn to the south. Uh, there's separate, see it across the bridge,
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's right. People were going
SPEAKER_R: see
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: know just walking back and forth of the bridge like do you want to do that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um I mean before this, it was like right in the middle of my winter finals. Um, so when everybody left school, after that day, we all kind of thought everything was going to be fine. Like I remember maybe talking to one person like, hey, have you checked out like, how many people have coronavirus or something? It's like, oh yeah, it's like 10,000 or whatever and they're all on like a cruise ship in, in Japan. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and then like five days later we got an email from the school saying that we weren't going to come back till May 1st and then five days later canceled.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was done. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It is so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That that was that was crazy how how quick things transpired, especially for you guys. I mean, we we we saw a slow transmittable regression I guess. But uh but yeah, you guys got hit quick and hard, so uh
SPEAKER_R: And nobody was expecting because it was like Washington was the first big hot spot. I remember because it was a retirement home there, but then as soon as it got to new york, I mean you can probably expect that you you've been to Times Square, I mean that's new york, that's most crowded, but that's a general approximation how quickly things are going to spread if you're that close in contact, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's hard for me to imagine having been there two thanksgivings ago, that there's absolutely no one there now. Yeah, so uh but yeah, I mean just new york city in general, but uh
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: but yeah, that
SPEAKER_R: doesn't
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: make it any
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: easier to find parking though. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but well, you know, hopefully everyone's safe and uh yeah, we'll get through. So what um shoot, I forgot what I was going to ask you. Um I'm sorry I
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: lost my train of thought, but so that's good. So what let me ask you about this little what prolific thing. What what brought you to this?
SPEAKER_R: Um Looking for a bit of extra money and uh of the sites that I looked at, it kind of seemed the most interesting because I felt like I could actually get something out of it. Uh and it wasn't just like I was just the bot clicking um I don't know, I think this is I've had generally a good experience on here, I just do a few things a day And I'm up to like £70 or something now. Uh only only like two weeks of doing it to. Um so yeah, I think generally just looking for a bit of money and looking for like a better way to do that than some other things, I can't. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Well I came upon an article because I was born out of my mind what you know where people are doing. And I've already and I've always had an interest in uh market research and consulting work. I had a good friend who worked at a center for a while. He was telling me all this great stuff that he was doing for all these different companies. And I came upon this article about mechanical turk and this company I checked out mechanical turk. I didn't really care for that. And then I thought this came was pretty cool. And uh this is only my second week. Um It's pretty cool. I like the information. Um I like the way they explain at certain certain you know, uh project, how they explained at the end what was intended for. So uh it's more of a curiosity, time killer and obviously the extra cash helps, but but yeah, I just like I said, I just came upon this article when I was poured out of my mind what people can do to make a little bit of extra money online. And I came and this was on on the list and this actually this is one of the only two and the other one, like I said, I didn't I didn't care for. So uh yeah, this is pretty cool meeting people online and uh doing these little quick little surveys and research studies and then the majority of them getting the explanation at the end, I think it's just really cool just to get insight into what researchers are doing and it's global. So uh so it's just not, you know, someone in new york or you know Cincinnati it's someone in Denmark or France or whatever so that's pretty cool. So um but yeah it's it's been an interesting uh you know two weeks that I've been doing this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's also just like, I don't know, going into college, it's interesting to see how these studies are designed to uh
SPEAKER_L: that's right,
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure it must be like if, I don't know if you do any of this kind of stuff in your role uh in your job, in kind of running or managing business at all. Like the when you're talking about like the market research side of it. Um But I think like that it's a really interesting thing to see like what goes into either delivering a study or what goes into making like a final product on getting reactions set.
SPEAKER_L: we don't do it ourselves but we rely on our on our R. O. T. S. Which are online travel agent partners so like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: your bookings or expedience and stuff so they do their own research and they send us that. It's a quick little uh quick little snapshot of what guests are thinking but we can dive more if we requested. So uh we don't have the tools student do that, we don't have like Surveymonkey or you know whatever whoever all these companies are, it's expensive or small business, you know we're not huge resorts or anything like that so we rely on them so we do get some feedback in which is which we obviously is very, very valuable for us. Um It's just like, you know amazon where you know, your ratings are going to determine whether product or product b is going to get sold same thing for us um Whether someone's gonna stay from with us or someone across the street, so it's very important and we use it all the time. It's something that
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: I find really cool and very useful. Um Not always the best results, but you know, it's there for us. Well, what what were some of the other sites that you were looking into?
SPEAKER_R: mechanical
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if they wanted
SPEAKER_R: turk
SPEAKER_L: to talk about this or not, but uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh mechanical turk as well. Um But I I didn't stay too long on that just because like uh I looked around like online to figure out how to use it better and it just seemed like it was you had to be so involved in it to actually get anything that was worth it and there was like a high chance of getting rejected and then even then you're getting paid like a cent. Whereas these like there are always pretty well paying honestly for the time that they ask for. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's reasonable.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and then the other things were kind of just like tutoring online uh and doing some kind of just uh remote work for like transcribing and stuff. Uh And those kind of just didn't pan out because I wasn't too interested in the work but I think I'm still going to definitely try tutoring. Um And then once I get an actual job I'll probably do less and less stuff online.
SPEAKER_L: Gotcha. Okay. All right, well, I think our time is pretty much up. Is that is that what you're saying?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think so too. Right.
SPEAKER_L: if you want to give it just an extra minute or so just to be on the safe side. But uh, but good luck with with the summer. Um, I hope you and your mom stay safe this summer. And uh, I hope I, I know, I think Notre dame was on the news yesterday about how they're going to open up classes. Um,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and I think
SPEAKER_R: got my fingers
SPEAKER_L: Rice,
SPEAKER_R: crossed.
SPEAKER_L: if I'm not mistaken with two. So hopefully, you know, things will get better in the summer and you'll actually have a Yale experience rather than, you know, sitting sitting at home and taking your classes. So, uh, best of luck for that. And um, great to meet you. Uh, you seem like a fantastic guy. So best of luck in the future.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. It's really nice to meet you too and good luck to you and your kids. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Thank you so
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: much.
SPEAKER_R: a safe summer. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. All right. Take care.