Hi.
Why? Uh
Yeah, can you see me?
Oh, so does it, do you know if there's anything we're supposed to talk about?
Perfect.
All
Uh I'm, well, I'm 18, I turned 19 on monday. Um So do their
important,
but uh yeah, I am, I'm just finishing up high school uh and if all goes well, I'll go to college in the fall. Um I live in Brooklyn. Um It's just my mom and me. Yeah. Right.
Um not as bad as they were. It was pretty wild for a bit when everything was kind of like accelerating, but now it's kind of died down a bit. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. DiBlasio. So we were somewhat allowed to go out, so everybody has to wear a mask there outside. Um Generally the streets are emptier than I've ever seen them. Uh And I've only really been out uh besides like getting groceries and stuff uh Once just for a walk on Mother's Day with them all? Yeah. What about in Cincinnati? Mhm.
Talk
to me.
Yeah.
you said you work in hospitality, how is that working right now, like is that all shut down still, or?
Stop.
Because
Work,
No.
Do you think, do you expect uh this summer to kind of get back to normal or when is kind of like your timeframe for like returned to normal? Really?
Mhm.
now we're going to have a virtual graduation in about a week and a half um and I haven't had a class in person for a long time. Uh Yeah, we were kind of the first to get access in that regard. Um Just because new york is such a hot spot for everything. Um But I don't know, I think online classes have been all right. Um been some issues just because my mom is self employed and she works in construction um and so like everything is shut down uh and the things that are starting to open back up, it's like the restriction is that only one person could be on at a time and when like she does like plaster and stuff and when you're doing a huge wall, like you kind of need other people there, you can't do it all yourself and get it done in time or you can't do it all yourself and stay safe. Um Always and I think it's just like it's going to be difficult getting back to everything but I don't know. I think I'm glad I'm here um to help her with it. Doing all the stuff that I can we can do from home and everything. Mhm.
everything's over zoom and um are teachers don't have any like there's no synchronous meetings, it's all just post work and you have it done by the end of the week. Uh Yeah, I'm finishing up. It's it's weird. It's not the senior spring I imagined. Um But I'm hoping at least I get freshman year of college the way I hope anyway. I wanted. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm going to Yale in the fall. Yeah.
Um I haven't totally decided yet but uh some kind of combination of english or history and like echo and or policy wise, something like that. Um Yeah, I like I am more of like a qualitative kind of person, like I really love writing essays, I do a lot
of creative writing at school, I like I run our literary magazine. Um but then I also enjoy like using math um to kind of model stuff and so kind of mixing those is something I'm looking to do. Yeah.
Hm.
What about the biology? Does
that help
my wife?
No.
that's great.
Yeah, I'm sure. Did you, I mean did you enjoy biology learning it for itself or was it really just from at school?
cause and effect in very different ways, but that's interesting.
Uh Do you do you feel like uh I don't know, I I I was never great in science, I mean I've still got time but I I don't think that's what I see myself doing, but do you feel like you're having that biology background is helping you understand more of what's going on right now because I feel like something's I don't totally get with what's going on
with the
whole
what
it's
good
do
you what are your kids interested? Mhm.
Mhm.
no.
Yeah, I feel like a lot of, I don't know, I feel like looking back on my four years now, I think I kind of fell into one path too early and I'm lucky it ended up working out, but sometimes I wish like I'd explored a bit more, I kind of knew I wanted to do a lot of writing from the beginning and so I kind of just did that. Um. Yeah.
I'm probably just gonna work nearby, I've sent out a couple of applications just like Starbucks and Chick Fil a and stuff um just to get some money for next year uh and to pay tuition. Um I mean they've got really good aid which is great but you know with this year it's not looking the best right now so we just got to make up in whatever way I can. Um I don't know I think other than that I'm going to try and just like take some online classes, do a lot of my own reading. Uh I'm doing this kind of mentorship program um for writing uh kind of both sides that I'm working with an older mentor in creative writing that I'm also helping a younger kid in my school um with his writing. Uh
Yeah. Yeah I think like there wasn't a lot of opportunities at our school for creative writing when I came and I wanted to make sure that I left uh some stuff for the kids after me to do just, it was a bit easier in that regard and so that's what I've kind of tried to do this last year is kind of set up things and programs and recurring events with the english department and just try to make it live when I leave. Um
Yeah what about you and your family? Is there anything that you were planning to do this summer that you can't more?
No.
What?
Yeah the only thing that we had planned to do other than kind of just staying around was maybe to go visit my grandma in Canada, but she's retirement home and I really doubt that they're looking for visitors right now
when we talked to her about it didn't really seem like that was saying it was on the table, but I don't know whenever the next time is maybe um Yeah wow, so uh I mean what what's what's Cincinnati like or with your kind of town like?
mm.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah yeah, I've kind of grown up in Brooklyn um I lived in upstate new york for a while though uh so I kind of had the city experiencing kind of the last city experience, I lived on a farm upstate for a while More so a very different kind of thing when I around when I was able to, when I was like 14 before we moved back down. But yeah, I can definitely see
uh I don't know, there was like maybe a few things to do in town, there was like a movie theater and that's it, and then like a shopping mall. Um Yeah, I I know what you mean, uh it's not new york um but I don't think a lot of things other than new york are our new york.
but I mean even that it's like you really don't have time to do everything anyway, and so a lot of the things that you're able to do, their kind of just things you're able to do.
The Um so my uh my dad passed away when I was around uh nine.
And so my step dad had a house of state where we lived with him for a while but we moved back down when he also passed away um
When I was 14 and when I went to school back down here again um yeah but we lived up there and stayed with him um And that was there was really no kind of tie, it was just my mom knew him because they both went to school together when they lived in Georgia. Um Yeah
uh like they went to U. G. A. Together. Um
And then before that they lived in different parts of the state but my mom was like in Albany um Yeah. Yeah
Uh Like emery or?
Okay.
What?
Uh huh.
Uh South.
Uh, so like Manhattan's the middle kind of island. Then there's Bronx to the north in Brooklyn to the south. Uh, there's separate, see it across the bridge,
see
that?
Yeah. Um I mean before this, it was like right in the middle of my winter finals. Um, so when everybody left school, after that day, we all kind of thought everything was going to be fine. Like I remember maybe talking to one person like, hey, have you checked out like, how many people have coronavirus or something? It's like, oh yeah, it's like 10,000 or whatever and they're all on like a cruise ship in, in Japan. Um
and then like five days later we got an email from the school saying that we weren't going to come back till May 1st and then five days later canceled.
It is so
And nobody was expecting because it was like Washington was the first big hot spot. I remember because it was a retirement home there, but then as soon as it got to new york, I mean you can probably expect that you you've been to Times Square, I mean that's new york, that's most crowded, but that's a general approximation how quickly things are going to spread if you're that close in contact, so. Yeah.
It
doesn't
make it any
easier to find parking though. Yeah.
That's
Um Looking for a bit of extra money and uh of the sites that I looked at, it kind of seemed the most interesting because I felt like I could actually get something out of it. Uh and it wasn't just like I was just the bot clicking um I don't know, I think this is I've had generally a good experience on here, I just do a few things a day And I'm up to like £70 or something now. Uh only only like two weeks of doing it to. Um so yeah, I think generally just looking for a bit of money and looking for like a better way to do that than some other things, I can't. What about you?
Yeah, I think it's also just like, I don't know, going into college, it's interesting to see how these studies are designed to uh
I'm sure it must be like if, I don't know if you do any of this kind of stuff in your role uh in your job, in kind of running or managing business at all. Like the when you're talking about like the market research side of it. Um But I think like that it's a really interesting thing to see like what goes into either delivering a study or what goes into making like a final product on getting reactions set.
No.
Just
mechanical
turk
Uh mechanical turk as well. Um But I I didn't stay too long on that just because like uh I looked around like online to figure out how to use it better and it just seemed like it was you had to be so involved in it to actually get anything that was worth it and there was like a high chance of getting rejected and then even then you're getting paid like a cent. Whereas these like there are always pretty well paying honestly for the time that they ask for. Um
Yeah and then the other things were kind of just like tutoring online uh and doing some kind of just uh remote work for like transcribing and stuff. Uh And those kind of just didn't pan out because I wasn't too interested in the work but I think I'm still going to definitely try tutoring. Um And then once I get an actual job I'll probably do less and less stuff online.
Yeah. I think so too. Right.
I
got my fingers
crossed.
Thank you. It's really nice to meet you too and good luck to you and your kids. Uh
I'm
a safe summer. Yeah.