Hello?
Good, how are you? Sorry my cat sat on my lap just as I was opening it, so
we've got a guess. Mhm.
Yeah. Oh cool. Yeah I see a cat tree back there.
Her name is Xena. Mhm. She's
blind. Yeah.
Yeah. So she can be very loud. Um Hopefully she behaves the entire time.
That's
okay. That's amazing. That's like I wish I could live the life of a cat.
It's just like taken care of so well and just like eat and sleep and not have to worry about anything. Yeah,
that's
what I
want to
do. That's what I say to you think I want to do it? But in my house because like I don't want to be like a stray cat because that's a really shitty life to have.
But
like home can I love you? I love
you this. She is very spoiled. She she does this when she wants kisses. She'll like um she like sit in an awkward position then like really push into her front paws and stand with standard chest up. Really tall so that I could kiss her forehead actually.
Uh huh. Um Four years. Oh my goodness, you're getting old baby, you're
six years old.
But
yeah, I still think she's too, and then I took her to the vet, I took both of my cats to the vet um in september for their yearly physical or whatever. And the vet was like, well you know lexi is the other 17 and Xena, you know, she's five so they're getting, you know, they're still really healthy for their age and was like seven and five. What are you talking about there? Only four?
And to like, oh my God, no, they're not.
And
so you really saw them go through their like little baby phase and like learning how to all cats are so cute.
What?
Oh, wow. Big cats, this
one,
Mm hmm. I mean they eat well, they live a good life
and
it's
are
Oh, have you tried maybe doing like a raw food diet?
So
fish is really interesting. Okay, I love you, baby.
This is fish is really
interesting because this one doesn't really like fish. But uh she still needs to like if you're eating food, she needs to go up and sniff your plate. But uh chicken or steak, even if you're just like defrosting or like cooking it, you have to make sure that there's no ways you can get up on the counter. Because a few years ago, my mother in law was visiting us and we purchased a rotisserie chicken and you know, we left it on the counter and it's like this huge counter. and normally she does she doesn't know how to climb on top of counters. This is in the old house, there was no stairs, right? I think all of a sudden you just hear like a sudden and she like grabbed an entire chicken hops down and tried to run away with it and it was like that's our real okay. So she has now learned how to climb on top of I mean she could see back then. So it's a it was a lot easier now she really can't so it's a lot harder for her to climb on top of cabinets. But yeah we learned our lesson that was you know it was a very naughty kitty thing to do.
So
um we noticed when she would play she would run into walls a lot and at first we thought oh it's because you know we have just like no carpeting on the floor so she's sliding and then we moved to a different apartment and she was having trouble finding things just since we've had her, we've moved four times and then by we were living in Atlanta before moving here to Denver and
she was really having a hard time. We got rid of our coffee table and she would like walk up to where she used to think the coffee where the coffee table used to be and she tried to climb on top of it.
It's just like um she kind of like fall onto the floor and couldn't understand what's going on. So we were like yeah she's she's blind, she's lost
her. I see and that doesn't know, I mean it's not anything like with her it's genetic, it's not like glaucoma or anything like that so her eyes looked perfectly normal. It's just she's just lost her vision.
Yeah. I guess it's like humans. I guess when she was like a kitten, she needed like hat glasses or something. That would be so cute. Imagine.
No. Yeah. I'm like the only cats that refused to dress up. I'm all music on the internet, looking at cat pictures and they have like these cute little sweaters and ties and you're like, oh, like my boss is wanting to talk to me is like this cute little cat and like a little tie and bow or collar and I'm just looking at my cats and like you bring shame to this.
Oh, that's cute. I can't even do that. Yeah, they don't like it. I mean they do like um when they put their harness on, they'll like it because they know that they're going to go for a walk but
aside
from back,
that's
true,
that's
good.
Yeah they like it and then they hear like any sudden movement and they're running back inside so it's pretty great. Um I know that some people can take their cats on bike rides and like take them to the park and strollers and understand I want to do that. My husband is like we're not getting a stroller for cats and that's that's not happening.
Right. Well they're just super spoiled. This one's super spoiled. This one is a mommy's girl, my other cat laxity, she's an orange tabby and she's very much a daddy's girl,
she hates other animals or I say that but like if we're not looking she'll cuddle with Xena. Yeah but if we're looking or if she thinks that Xena is going to get attention, she's really mean and like like
snap
at her and just like hissed and like through her pot her but she loves humans. Lexi is like the biggest attention kitty there has ever existed, like she will run up to you and if you're for some reason doing something else, she will kind of like dogs where they'll bite you and try to shove your hand or your arms
like pat them, she'll do that very aggressive.
Thank
you.
But
That's
funny.
Is
I wonder what it is,
He's
he's
to be.
Right. Mhm. That's interesting. Yeah. It's crazy because they each have
their own personality and um I mean people are like oh dogs are so amazing, like yeah dogs are pretty great but they all have the same like I'm excited for humans for
like
cats are like if you do something wrong, they let you know.
Well, I mean I I guess I bribed mine, I'm just like, oh you want treats? You love
me again.
I
don't, so we used to do the wellness um the wellness treats like the little, they're like these like really hard treats, but I switched them over to Rosina turns out has like an intolerance to something and wellness.
Yeah, so like she'd have like irregular or like really like kind of like loose stool movements,
bowel movements. So um we changed over to origin, she's like freaking expensive.
I do too. I'm just like, where is all my money going? Like, okay, well like I'm well, I'm eating like pasta, like
these kids are
like eating like filet mignon and I'm just like,
well, so they don't um they don't play with their toys that much, but if we go to my parents house and we bring their toys with them of lexan particularly because my parents have a dog um She'll like show her toys to the dog and like take it away and like hide it because she's kind of like saying like this is mine and you're not allowed to play with it um
basically yeah love mean to and then um yeah I don't really play with their toys. I do have this like pretty cool cat tree get up that I purchased a few years ago. I like saved all my christmas market
mm and they both use it but Xena doesn't like lexi using it so she like chase her off And then she'll use it. And um some now since Xena's like eyesight it's like I'm not sure if he's 100% blind but she's at least like 90% blind. She can get up there. But there is like a huge I think it's like maybe a foot and a half distance between some of the stuff on the wall and she's afraid now to go down she'll like stay up for however long she wants to stay. Sometimes she'll map there but when she's ready to get down and she starts screaming out at the top of her lungs and she
looked
at me down, get me down. So.
It's
all right. Oh that's
There
should
be something that you could I mean I don't know.
We're also
we're also renting but we're just like fuck it.
But
Because
it's like
that sucks because it exposed brick is so pretty. That could
have
at
least
differently
exposed work is such a pretty thing.
This is
claw.
With
the
Maybe.
sounds awesome. Sounds like a really nice place. So
I
mean
like I
like I like staying in glass and like I'd like like older homes because
there's
so much character to it. I feel like a lot of the newer ones like this um this apartments I think like I was 6 7 years old. But the way they like they did it, it's kind of weird. Like there's a lot of closet space but it doesn't make sense. Like there's no like I don't have a I don't have a pantry and like my cabinets, like I can't fit all my pots and pans in. It's like
they're laying out on the countertop and I was like how did they like instead of all this closet space? Give me more cabinet. Oh kitty in the background.
he's so beautiful.
He's
just
taking his time.
a beautiful kitty
does he like belly rubs
this
soup?
really?
Uh huh.
What a beautiful kitty you have? Yeah. Oh cat people are the best.
Between.
Mhm. Hey kitty? Oh yeah, now the screen's dark again. He's like, where are my treats women? Oh wow,
that is a cute blue.
Thank
thank you.
So pretty. Yeah.
he's gonna start purring soon. Yeah.
Sub.
It's red. Oh that's so cute.
That's
he's like, I didn't sign up for this. That's
but
I'm probably like the worst pat mom cut mom ever because when I want like attention and like lexi sleeping, I just pick her up and I'm just like, hey,
pay attention to me. Yeah,
Do they sleep through the night? No.
okay. So these two sleep through the night with us?
Okay. Yeah. That's crazy. I know that people say that cats do that but I guess I've just been really
lucky
with
Blacks and Xena because they'll go to bed around nine and then they will, I mean of course they get up in the middle of the night to eateries bathroom but they come right to bed again and they'll stay in bed until our alarm goes off and we get out of bed.
Like even even if we like
even if I get up in the middle of the night to go pee like they still stay in bed and like
mm It's funny. Um Yeah
the only time I ever had a problem with
lexi not sleeping through the night was when we drove up from Louisiana, when we were living there at the time back home to new york and she had slept the entire car ride basically. She was so hyper and full of energy. Um So what we ended up doing was during the day even though she was like super tired. Because like you know like cats like when they're really tired and I can't do like just like falling asleep no matter what like even standing. So she would do that and then go up to her and I'd like shake her like give retreats or um
And
so basically that entire day nothing was done until and then yeah we got her back on her sleep schedule. So they both have a little sleep schedule.
We have my husband worked in Louisiana for a little so after college he got he was in the military so we had to move to Louisiana then he got out and we moved to Atlanta and I don't really like the south. Uh
Yeah we we we
last two years. Yeah,
we moved here a few months ago and I love it. It's snowing or it's snow yesterday so
it's
like
It's incredibly hot over there.
Yeah, I remember well I guess New york city is like a little more north, but
I remember
like Halloween
used to be like super
cold. Like you'd have to wear like turtlenecks and like sweatpants and like a lot of like heavy stuff under your costume and
it's
like
circumstance
that's yeah it's been getting really warm. Um It's global warming.
We
Yeah, I don't like the heat or the humidity.
kim
He's
an orange
baby.
That's cute.
Orange
tabbies
are
the
best.
They're so cute.
How
long have you been living there?
Very
well.
Yeah. You like it?
Mhm.
And
eating
this
that
And
This yeah,
I
mean compared to boston I think.
Look
it's crazy because I know new york, it's pretty dirty
There's
anything.
I didn't know that. I don't think I've ever been to Philly. Actually I did for a school trip a few when I say a few years ago but it's more like 20 years ago now
1990 something That
is only 10 years ago.
It's crazy. Um Yeah
we were.
and
I'm
sorry.
With
I'm
16.
Oh that's good. I
can't
say I
think.
No
thinking.
Meat.
Oh yeah. I like, I like cities. I lived in the middle of nowhere for a few years and I did not like it.
Everything conveniently close. Yeah.
Yeah. When we lived in Louisiana the closest thing to us was walmart and then like
the target was like an hour away and it's
just like this is ridiculous. I hated it.
And
you
need
everywhere.
This
is we do.
At least we have in Denver. I don't know where where
there
is.
I don't like whole foods.
I am.
I
was
charged 20. This is like six or seven years ago I bought like four pieces of corn and I was charged $20 for it. And I didn't realize until
after I left and I was like what the fuck?
Like
why is my and ever since then I'm just like, never again am I like purchasing anything from whole
foods. That's
ridiculous.
Yeah. And I ended up looking at it and they charged me for like organic corn. It was like I specifically went for like the cheapest corn possible.
Like I don't
care.
I
know love is like are you kidding me? And I just, I was like, never again, never doing this. So
trader trader joe's is my,
my
grocery store go there all the time.
Thank
you.
The basis
that
was poor planning five blocks away. Yeah. Someone did not think that one through.
it's
I think that's like every trader
joe's I'm trying to think of like a trader joe's that did not,
I was never. Yeah and I don't think that's ever been the case. Like, so when we lived in Atlanta are we live like two blocks away from trader joe's literally like we get out the apartment complex through the back way and it's like cross like that little like half block and then go up and it was there,
it was not even like a five minute walk, maybe three. Um So yeah, that's super spoiled. Now I have to drive to trader joe's
I
I so like they're the roads are really confusing.
Very
I don't know like how they planned it, but clearly they missed something. Um It doesn't make sense.
It keeps growing and expanding and I'm still considered like expanding outwards or whatever. Why don't we try to like add sidewalks sometimes if you cross the street, but there's a sidewalk
and all of a sudden there's no sidewalk and you're just like in the middle of the road,
they need to.
Right. It's
that's
terrifying.
It's.
Think
of this
It really isn't they? I don't know what it is. They have an aversion to walking check
it.
She's using
where is she?
There? She is.
The
cream.
She's a bengal. Um We got her when she was two. She was very sick when we got her. Yeah. And I
like to think that we like brought her back to where she wants, she's somewhere brought her back to life. She farted and it really stinks.
Anyways. Um
Yeah, this was fun.
Right? We spoke for 32 minutes I think. I don't know.
Yeah. eight for me. Yeah. Anyways, it was so wonderful talking to if you want to continue. I'm totally up for it.
Okay. It's not
was
of fun.
I
did one
before and we spoke for about 27 minutes. Um And then this is my second one with like an actual human being on the other side. I have done, I signed up for like five of these and
like so many people don't show up. So like it is the same today. I was like, I don't know if anyone is going to show up for now, just click the nice. I was like, oh yes, thank
you.
Yeah, it's shocking. And then it's like, what do I, what do I do? What do I say? Yeah. Yeah.
That's good.
Yeah, I'm actually really nervous. Like I'm not that good at talking to people. Like
I like when
awkward things happen, I'm just like, oh yes, latch onto this. So let's just talk about,
awesome. I think it's a ever do this again. They should just connect like cat people with cat people because
I don't know. That would be really interesting to like find out like how they do that because I feel like both times I've had actual humans, I actually liked the humans that was matched up. Uh
it's
it's
it
Yeah. I don't know. I don't know how they
I don't
know how they matched
it
up.
This was really fun though. I very much enjoyed it and it was lovely talking to you and seeing your two beautiful little kitties
that are not
there any.
other one is I think she's passed out under the bed right now, so
they're being cats.
okay. Yeah, that'll do it. All right lady. Thank you so much.
Thanks.
Hey,
Well
he's happy.
And actually do you go from Katnik
first
Zoom ease l That's a beautiful kitty. They're both very pretty.
Have
a good one.
Bye.