SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Here, this is my life. Yeah. Yeah, wow. What you believe about yourself, about your four? Know what? Mm hmm. Mhm Oh yeah. Mr Yeah, I know. Okay. Really? All right. Yeah. Mhm. We're getting here. Yeah. What the hell is? Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah, we want. Right. Yeah, I'll keep that. Thank you. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Right. I forgot being on this planet. Really. Trouble. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Just just you little fucker here, careful, careful. Okay, I get it up. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: clown.
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm glad that there's actually someone here, the last couple of these I've done,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: The other person didn't show up.
SPEAKER_L: Really? I've only had bad luck this last time and that's the last is only this last time. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, this this is my 5th successful one. But
SPEAKER_L: I'm lucky number five.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Which is, you know, as I'm sure, you know, this is very
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no,
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: prolific stuff, so guys. But but yeah, I've been having, it feels like more and more that person doesn't show up. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I think it's just the times we're in I think people think they can make things and they just can't
SPEAKER_R: probably
SPEAKER_L: too
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: much unpredictability going on right now.
SPEAKER_R: that's that is true. Yeah. How many of these have you done?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Oh my goodness, I think This is my 4th. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: Of course this is actual person on the other side, but this one is the one that before, this one didn't turn up. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's it.
SPEAKER_R: I've I'm just it does get tiring like, you know, planning to be here on time and then the other person doesn't show up.
SPEAKER_L: It's frustrating. It really is because you're like,
SPEAKER_R: Normal.
SPEAKER_L: oh because I've got a I've got a two year old and I think mr I'm like, I think they watch the two year old um running in here to do my thing, I'll be out in like 45 minutes and she's uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh. And then You're out five minutes later. They don't show up and
SPEAKER_L: yeah, what happened mom? Um rushing, literally nothing
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, just sat there looking at a gray screen for five minutes.
SPEAKER_L: were fantastic. I enjoyed it so much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, yeah. Yes, If I had a kid, I'd probably I probably just pretend the person showed up.
SPEAKER_L: You know what, why didn't I think of that yesterday? Why why did I not have you put that in my brain sooner? Because I couldn't have 45 minutes of peace and quiet. Yeah man.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Very crazy. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So how have you been doing through the through the pandemic
SPEAKER_L: hanging
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: there,
SPEAKER_R: place?
SPEAKER_L: you know, every time you get a cough with me, as you think, oh no, Is it now my turn they genuinely do. I get sick very, very easily. I've got something for harsh hashimoto's disease. Less people doesn't work quite right and I got sick shortly. It was easy, like you can hardly hear it in my throat right now. I'm a little bit Frankie today, a little bit from um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: anyway um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: well I guess we were amount of it really sick and uh it was moreover a month and a half ago, I ended up with bronchitis for the first time and I had to go in and I'm like
SPEAKER_R: How? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: have covid um I don't know, but I can't get better and I think you have bronchitis, not that much of an improvement, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's less it doesn't spread as much so that's nice. You don't
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: have to worry as much about everyone in your house getting it. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: is true. How have you been doing during the pandemic?
SPEAKER_R: I'd say. Mhm. Better than most probably. Um because I'm I'm 20 so I'm just I'm in college and um out of this right is going to community college and they were already pretty well set up for online classes for most classes. Everything I'm taking it was it was pretty easy for just one week I'm going to class and the next they're like hey just watch the lecture and take the quiz and that's it. Um And my dad, his job, he's in I. T. So but in a way I don't really get it. I'm the odd one out in my family and that I'm not at all good with computers. I I have no real idea what he does but I know it's something that he's been able to do from home very easily. So it's not like you know, it's not like I'm worried about my family using the house or anything. Um So yeah like my personal job I worked as a theater manager and as you might have seen, movie theaters are not doing well
SPEAKER_L: you know, sadly not.
SPEAKER_R: sadly. Very sadly not. I don't I don't think movie theaters are going to survive this. I think by At least 2020 to like maybe they'll come back very briefly. But I don't think I I think finally after people have been saying theaters are going to die for 50 years like
SPEAKER_L: The last meal?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like as soon as like VHS tapes came out, people were like this is gonna be the death of theaters because we can just watch movies at home now. Um It's finally happening in that, that's very sad.
SPEAKER_L: it really is because I mean there's nothing really that beats the theater experience man, I don't know that every theater experience, every theater is gonna you know buy out. I know AMC is really struggling really?
SPEAKER_R: See and regal and there were three big theater chains AMC Regal and Cinemark and they're all probably not going to make it to the end of the year. I personally, I work for regal and yeah, it's and there is more that goes into it than just Covid, it's not like the industry was doing great before Covid. Um but Covid definitely and here you have the
SPEAKER_L: when she's
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like who's all the way in the
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: living
SPEAKER_R: will
SPEAKER_L: room with in my room like wow
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Not uh yeah, not looking for forward to if I ever ever have kids, but
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you know.
SPEAKER_L: have I have a quite a spread of Children, my oldest who is currently watching her sister in every my middle child is 18 gonna be 19 and then I have my two year old so what was the same? One of them was a surprise get yes with one
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Uh the 18 year old?
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna go with all of them, but you know more
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: so the youngest,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, here's the thing, I, I don't, I feel like there's no way to have a child and have it, have it not be, not be a surprise in that Children are all, Children are different, there's going to be, you have to deal with that, you never expect Like me, I'm, I'm diabetic type one. Oh, and yeah, my parents definitely, and on top of, you know, other stuff like I'm not, I was never good with school, so my parents had to homeschool me. Um there's, there's just various things while as the only sibling I have is an older brother and he's always been good at school and everything, so they were kind of sitting here like, so we can definitely do this again and around and they were like, oh, never again,
SPEAKER_L: you threw them a little curve ball, it was like well you know schools let down Children though, I mean not everybody
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: good in the kind of I was I was saying this the other day to a friend of mine now everybody can be taught the same manner you know some people are visual some people have to hunt on some people some people it's just they can listen and learn it's well paid her for the differences in learning Like there should be 2/3 and that's the best you know they should go for exactly what they could keep what they were doing because they'll
SPEAKER_R: It,
SPEAKER_L: know how to address curriculums to Children. I mean that would make more sense because not everybody learned the same way.
SPEAKER_R: And I see like, and I understand why it's not why the public school system is not perfect. I think it should. I think it could be a lot better than it is. But like I I do understand that like at some point they kind of have to be like we only have so much funding So if we can get 95% of kids out of here knowing everything they need to know, But the five are left behind, we have to make that decision at some point. Uh huh I guess the problem is is not as much the school, it's everything around them, that's how they get
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: out funding. They have
SPEAKER_L: and you are exactly correct. I mean at the end of the day it's the people who are who are giving the schools of money when we
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: pay
SPEAKER_R: think.
SPEAKER_L: more bombs than we do for schools that there's a problem.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's there's no, There's no one who decides to go into teaching because they, that they don't want to help people and they don't want to be a positive influence on the world. It's, it's the system around it. Um the problem for me has always been like classes where the stuff seems real like history and english and that stuff, I do great. I have never, I'm pretty proud of this. I've never gotten below a b on an essay in my entire college career. Uh huh,
SPEAKER_L: Excellent.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. But then stuff like math and physics where it, it's hard to make it real for me, that's where I struggle, so Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But I mean not everybody has to be good at mass. I mean not everybody should be good at Math because you know, I don't want a whole bunch of kids running around with no problem coming out with years. It's you know, everybody has to have something that they sell that and I wish we accepted that born society. Okay. You're not great at mass. Okay. You need to know the basics. How many times am I gonna go around going? This is a hexagon. This is a you know, I don't even basic shapes in everyday life most of the time.
SPEAKER_R: I think for math we need to very much pivot like what we teach and how we teach it because like, like how math relates to finances, that's probably how you're going to use math in life unless you are going into a science field or into teaching. And so why instead of like focusing on that and how to use it for that? Why are we like teaching? Like trigonometry?
SPEAKER_L: Technomic tree isn't going to help you figure out your taxes. There needs to be like life
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: skills,
SPEAKER_R: feel.
SPEAKER_L: math versus complex. That's a good idea.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But instead like you can uh there are a lot of for a lot of kids, it's like, sorry, you couldn't really grasp trigonometry or whatever so you can't go to college awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Let's just deny you an opportunity because you couldn't do trig. I know. Oh my goodness, it
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: is definitely
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: different. Go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to go into toy design small. Like I I'm lucky in that like, like stuff like shapes and stuff that is, that's like more of the stuff that I that's the stuff that I that seems real to me. Is that Oh yeah, so this is this is this big, it fits, blah blah, blah, blah. The stuff that will work into what I'm trying to do, I understand, but for me to get a degree in what I'm trying to do, I had to pass classes, that's just like, that's that's like Al nahda, what's the college thing about calculus? I had to take a calculus class and yeah, it has nothing to do with anything I'm going to do, and but I had to take it and I got to see and it's one of the only sees on my transcript and I'm really okay with that, see despite like my parents and just being like, she's never she's never okay, look at your brother, your brother never got to see it. I'm like, listen, you have the one good kid, that's more than a lot of people get. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I my my
SPEAKER_R: Career?
SPEAKER_L: rule is as long as you pass, you know, you know if you're not supposed to be good at everything so it's respectable for calculus is very respectable for calculus.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and but I just, I don't get it, you know, and in a lot of europe most degrees or two years because what you go into college for is what we're trying to do. Meanwhile here two years of it is general education, which I'm before they're being general education, but I think probably one year worth of classes would be enough. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: and I'd read and I'd like, again, I'd like the general education, I'd like there to be like a finance class and stuff that people if the idea is two to be like an adult and you need to know this stuff, then it should be stuff that matters more. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Holy correct. I mean your holy correct, how many people are actually going to go use calculus in their future? Not not a whole great deal of them.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: And it wasn't then most people who are going to go into that field or either going to go into it, they have mathematics anyways or they're going to have a computer do the calculations for them and they plug it in. Well, I mean it's really, no, I mean I lived in europe for a long for eight years and I I did see how much more focused their education is. I mean you would you would people from Norway Finland Sweden, you know, thereby and trilingual by the time learned than five years old, I mean americans can't get their stuff together to get least one in one language down, you know let alone two. And they're doing this from kids, you know, they're Swedish, could they are bilingual by in english by the time they're three and you look at the idea would you education versus the way we do education were like what have we got so wrong?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know either.
SPEAKER_R: I know. So like common core math, they they rolled this out and they were like every school, every public school, I think, I think you, The original plan was every public school by 2015 was going to be teaching math common core. So and they were like, no, it's so much, it's better. But yeah, like me that okay, I don't know how to define if doing math this specific way is better or not, but the important part was while all the public schools very quickly pivoted to teaching math, common core colleges do not.
SPEAKER_L: you know Oh
SPEAKER_R: So by 2018
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: kids were showing up in college college math classes like, oh yeah, this is how I learned to do all this stuff and the teachers were like, okay, well I need you to learn how to do all this stuff, how I know it, so I can teach you how to do the more complicated stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and and it wasn't really fair, I mean common core, I'm I mean I'm not too familiar with common core. Yeah, my little one gets older so so obviously attack common core, but I as I understand the common core refers in a lot of ways from people like my age when what we were taught and really disadvantages the parents helping even helping their kids because it's not the way we were taught,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it doesn't make it wrong. But one way is not better than the other, as long as you get to the right answer.
SPEAKER_R: like in in theory it's like, yeah, you can figure this out in less steps or a little quicker, right? Like If No one, a lot of public school teachers, they were like, hey, this is how you have to teach the kids all this stuff when they didn't even know how to do it that way. Oh, I'd say that it's the common core math is one of the biggest examples to me of how the public education system has failed so incredibly recently. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I have to agree wholeheartedly. That's, you are entirely correct.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because I like the fact that colleges did not know how to do it, That that's very big for me because like, the whole public school system nowadays, since like the 80s or something has been set up to get kids into college. So that's just a massive europe. And also shouldn't be that way. Like not everyone, like up until I learned this in american history, it's like up until the sixties or seventies, the idea was that like after you're done with high school, you should be able to go and get a job and then if you want more, more specialized things, you go to college. Meanwhile, now it's like, yeah, go to college no matter what you want to do, because there aren't jobs for people, you don't have degrees. And then people ask why we have such a big student loan debt problem. Okay. And it's like, well, it's pretty simple because that,
SPEAKER_L: I mean, see, I was
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: born in 18 on the cusp of that. And I, I remember when you could get by with, you know, trade school or my dad was, my dad was military. Um, my, you know, so he got by after school with military and all the stuff we learn in the military and he was able to go on and do other successful stuff. You and then I saw a transition by the time where I was coming out in a school and oh About in late 90s it wasn't didn't feel like you had to, but there was this expectation that you needed to and then nowadays it's like you can't, if you have a bachelor's degree, it's almost not enough anymore.
SPEAKER_R: I mean like a lot of like the biggest, it all factors into the same problem because like nowadays, like how if you don't have a degree, you can't even get a job at target because there's enough people with degrees And not enough jobs for them that people with degrees are trying to get for like $14 an hour at target. Yeah. I don't know how we failed this portly right.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Here we are. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: well, I mean you are entirely correct on that and I told my mom and I tell people this all the time, I think there needs to be a lower mandatory retirement age and people need to retire at that age because you've got an older he's got an older population of staying in the workforce for longer and longer and longer and there's no room for anybody else. You can't send anybody else in there because and then this is a problem with any aging community. I thought when I lived in spain, you know the older people stay in their jobs, stay in their jobs, doing their jobs, stay in their jobs to pretty much they die and it doesn't leave any room for anybody to come up. It leaves everybody they're stuck on the bottom rung or doing something completely different that they're not going to advance in. I mean
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I understand it takes money to retire early, I understand all that, but seriously we need
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to we need to think about, okay older people, the older generation, you know when you're when you're getting to that age where you're probably at the peak of your success, it's probably time to say it quits and let other people get the space and come up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um In at the movie theaters I worked at I For a while I thought I just wanted to like climb the ladder because movie theaters at least regal they were, they were very good at hiring because like, so I started there when I was 17 and by the time I was 18 they were like yeah you're good enough to be a four manager. And then I slowly Got to a point where I was thinking like $12 an hour instead of eight. So it's not like a
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: big deal. But I didn't know that like so like my deputy general manager the second to die in charge of the theater, he I was looking for another job and I'm like so so why is this because like the general manager made like $80,000 a year without a degree and he's like yeah but there's five jobs like that in north Carolina so and they're all taken and they've been taken for however many years because people get to that point and they just sit there so like wow there is a job like that to to even have a chance at getting, I have to they have to stick at the deputy position where he's making half of that no afford his apartment because to work in a theater you kind of have to be close to a theater which means close to a city so Yeah problematic right now. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: It is. It is. Are you are you personally happy that you think that we're going to go in a better direction now? I know we mark going in a great direction. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: think so.
SPEAKER_L: hopeful we can I'm hopeful we can. I think we need to start listening to uh younger
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: people and more progressive thinking and stop being super aggressive. We are extremely regressive society and
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: doesn't get us anywhere.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I said going into like the election and everything I said if biden winds and the two things I want our work towards stopping or slowing climate change And raise the minimum wage. It's been 20 years raise the male laid and he said like Day one There's going to be executive orders for both of those things. So I guess happy if he does do executive orders to to do those two things to get us back in the paris agreement and to raise minimum wage. Yeah that's more than what a lot of people a lot of people in charge have done, so.
SPEAKER_L: Not the Orange one, he wouldn't be simple that on John no
SPEAKER_R: I need to.
SPEAKER_L: I'm I'm happy that you know um I agree with you that the whole climate change and we do that is a major price of coming up and coming and there's a whole section of society thinks turning a blind eye to it mm That's ridiculous. I mean I'm sorry, it's november, it's the middle of november in texas. I remember as a kid having to have pants on it this time and the heater on, I've got the air conditioning on and a tank top. Okay, don't terrible. Climate change isn't real. I'm old enough to have seen it. You know, I'm old enough that I know it's harder now than it was when I was a kid.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And the problem for me is so like, I know people that are like, well did you see how rich al gore got because of this whole climate change thing? That's what it's really about, and I'm like, do you know? Okay, so like one person got rich by talking about climate change, do you know how many people are rich because they ignore it? It's because
SPEAKER_L: Say al gore comes up on like a Forbes list of the richest people. He made movies and the movies were awarded. It wasn't, it wasn't because he was going out there selling, you know, it's
SPEAKER_R: It's not like he's the
SPEAKER_L: Ridic.
SPEAKER_R: richest man on the planet or anything.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, he has no Elon musk and he has no he has no um Warren Buffett or anything like that. He just made movies and because we profit movies profit or you know, did that's where he got his money. I mean that's not an unfair statement to say. It's not like he went out and was like, I'm gonna be a climate
SPEAKER_R: Back.
SPEAKER_L: change and I'm gonna make money from it. You is bring Michael in for the win.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so it has been half an hour or so, I'm gonna let you go.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, wow, That went by
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: fast.
SPEAKER_R: big. It did indeed. I mean listen you can just you can tell your daughter who's watching the other the other kid. You can just tell her the talk went on for two hours. That's why it,
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so now you put it in my head, now you put it in my head, I'm just going to take a nap now. I'll just be like anymore. It was lovely. Absolutely lovely to talk
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: to you.