Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Here, this is my life. Yeah. Yeah, wow. What you believe about yourself, about your four? Know what? Mm hmm. Mhm Oh yeah. Mr Yeah, I know. Okay. Really? All right. Yeah. Mhm. We're getting here. Yeah. What the hell is? Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah, we want. Right. Yeah, I'll keep that. Thank you. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Right. I forgot being on this planet. Really. Trouble. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Just just you little fucker here, careful, careful. Okay, I get it up. Yeah. Okay.
Hi.
Well,
Really? I've only had bad luck this last time and that's the last is only this last time. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm lucky number five.
No, no, no,
no.
Oh, I think it's just the times we're in I think people think they can make things and they just can't
too
much unpredictability going on right now.
Okay. Oh my goodness, I think This is my 4th. Uh
huh.
Of course this is actual person on the other side, but this one is the one that before, this one didn't turn up. Yeah. Yeah,
that's it.
It's frustrating. It really is because you're like,
oh because I've got a I've got a two year old and I think mr I'm like, I think they watch the two year old um running in here to do my thing, I'll be out in like 45 minutes and she's uh
yeah, what happened mom? Um rushing, literally nothing
were fantastic. I enjoyed it so much.
You know what, why didn't I think of that yesterday? Why why did I not have you put that in my brain sooner? Because I couldn't have 45 minutes of peace and quiet. Yeah man.
Very crazy. Yeah,
hanging
in
there,
you know, every time you get a cough with me, as you think, oh no, Is it now my turn they genuinely do. I get sick very, very easily. I've got something for harsh hashimoto's disease. Less people doesn't work quite right and I got sick shortly. It was easy, like you can hardly hear it in my throat right now. I'm a little bit Frankie today, a little bit from um
anyway um
well I guess we were amount of it really sick and uh it was moreover a month and a half ago, I ended up with bronchitis for the first time and I had to go in and I'm like
have covid um I don't know, but I can't get better and I think you have bronchitis, not that much of an improvement, but
Well,
is true. How have you been doing during the pandemic?
you know, sadly not.
The last meal?
it really is because I mean there's nothing really that beats the theater experience man, I don't know that every theater experience, every theater is gonna you know buy out. I know AMC is really struggling really?
when she's
like who's all the way in the
living
room with in my room like wow
I
have I have a quite a spread of Children, my oldest who is currently watching her sister in every my middle child is 18 gonna be 19 and then I have my two year old so what was the same? One of them was a surprise get yes with one
I'm gonna go with all of them, but you know more
so the youngest,
you threw them a little curve ball, it was like well you know schools let down Children though, I mean not everybody
good in the kind of I was I was saying this the other day to a friend of mine now everybody can be taught the same manner you know some people are visual some people have to hunt on some people some people it's just they can listen and learn it's well paid her for the differences in learning Like there should be 2/3 and that's the best you know they should go for exactly what they could keep what they were doing because they'll
know how to address curriculums to Children. I mean that would make more sense because not everybody learned the same way.
Well
and you are exactly correct. I mean at the end of the day it's the people who are who are giving the schools of money when we
pay
more bombs than we do for schools that there's a problem.
Excellent.
But I mean not everybody has to be good at mass. I mean not everybody should be good at Math because you know, I don't want a whole bunch of kids running around with no problem coming out with years. It's you know, everybody has to have something that they sell that and I wish we accepted that born society. Okay. You're not great at mass. Okay. You need to know the basics. How many times am I gonna go around going? This is a hexagon. This is a you know, I don't even basic shapes in everyday life most of the time.
Technomic tree isn't going to help you figure out your taxes. There needs to be like life
skills,
math versus complex. That's a good idea.
Right.
Let's just deny you an opportunity because you couldn't do trig. I know. Oh my goodness, it
is definitely
different. Go ahead.
I my my
rule is as long as you pass, you know, you know if you're not supposed to be good at everything so it's respectable for calculus is very respectable for calculus.
Well
Holy correct. I mean your holy correct, how many people are actually going to go use calculus in their future? Not not a whole great deal of them.
And it wasn't then most people who are going to go into that field or either going to go into it, they have mathematics anyways or they're going to have a computer do the calculations for them and they plug it in. Well, I mean it's really, no, I mean I lived in europe for a long for eight years and I I did see how much more focused their education is. I mean you would you would people from Norway Finland Sweden, you know, thereby and trilingual by the time learned than five years old, I mean americans can't get their stuff together to get least one in one language down, you know let alone two. And they're doing this from kids, you know, they're Swedish, could they are bilingual by in english by the time they're three and you look at the idea would you education versus the way we do education were like what have we got so wrong?
I don't know either.
you know Oh
well
Yeah and and it wasn't really fair, I mean common core, I'm I mean I'm not too familiar with common core. Yeah, my little one gets older so so obviously attack common core, but I as I understand the common core refers in a lot of ways from people like my age when what we were taught and really disadvantages the parents helping even helping their kids because it's not the way we were taught,
it doesn't make it wrong. But one way is not better than the other, as long as you get to the right answer.
I have to agree wholeheartedly. That's, you are entirely correct.
I mean, see, I was
born in 18 on the cusp of that. And I, I remember when you could get by with, you know, trade school or my dad was, my dad was military. Um, my, you know, so he got by after school with military and all the stuff we learn in the military and he was able to go on and do other successful stuff. You and then I saw a transition by the time where I was coming out in a school and oh About in late 90s it wasn't didn't feel like you had to, but there was this expectation that you needed to and then nowadays it's like you can't, if you have a bachelor's degree, it's almost not enough anymore.
And
well, I mean you are entirely correct on that and I told my mom and I tell people this all the time, I think there needs to be a lower mandatory retirement age and people need to retire at that age because you've got an older he's got an older population of staying in the workforce for longer and longer and longer and there's no room for anybody else. You can't send anybody else in there because and then this is a problem with any aging community. I thought when I lived in spain, you know the older people stay in their jobs, stay in their jobs, doing their jobs, stay in their jobs to pretty much they die and it doesn't leave any room for anybody to come up. It leaves everybody they're stuck on the bottom rung or doing something completely different that they're not going to advance in. I mean
I understand it takes money to retire early, I understand all that, but seriously we need
to we need to think about, okay older people, the older generation, you know when you're when you're getting to that age where you're probably at the peak of your success, it's probably time to say it quits and let other people get the space and come up.
All right.
It is. It is. Are you are you personally happy that you think that we're going to go in a better direction now? I know we mark going in a great direction. Yeah
I'm
hopeful we can I'm hopeful we can. I think we need to start listening to uh younger
people and more progressive thinking and stop being super aggressive. We are extremely regressive society and
that
doesn't get us anywhere.
Not the Orange one, he wouldn't be simple that on John no
I'm I'm happy that you know um I agree with you that the whole climate change and we do that is a major price of coming up and coming and there's a whole section of society thinks turning a blind eye to it mm That's ridiculous. I mean I'm sorry, it's november, it's the middle of november in texas. I remember as a kid having to have pants on it this time and the heater on, I've got the air conditioning on and a tank top. Okay, don't terrible. Climate change isn't real. I'm old enough to have seen it. You know, I'm old enough that I know it's harder now than it was when I was a kid.
Say al gore comes up on like a Forbes list of the richest people. He made movies and the movies were awarded. It wasn't, it wasn't because he was going out there selling, you know, it's
Ridic.
No, no, he has no Elon musk and he has no he has no um Warren Buffett or anything like that. He just made movies and because we profit movies profit or you know, did that's where he got his money. I mean that's not an unfair statement to say. It's not like he went out and was like, I'm gonna be a climate
change and I'm gonna make money from it. You is bring Michael in for the win.
Okay, wow, That went by
fast.
Okay, so now you put it in my head, now you put it in my head, I'm just going to take a nap now. I'll just be like anymore. It was lovely. Absolutely lovely to talk
to you.