clown.
Yeah, I'm glad that there's actually someone here, the last couple of these I've done,
The other person didn't show up.
Yeah, this this is my 5th successful one. But
yeah. Yeah. Which is, you know, as I'm sure, you know, this is very
for
prolific stuff, so guys. But but yeah, I've been having, it feels like more and more that person doesn't show up. Oh,
probably
so
that's that is true. Yeah. How many of these have you done?
Yeah.
You know,
Okay.
I've I'm just it does get tiring like, you know, planning to be here on time and then the other person doesn't show up.
Normal.
Yeah. Uh huh. And then You're out five minutes later. They don't show up and
Yeah, just sat there looking at a gray screen for five minutes.
Yeah, I mean, yeah. Yes, If I had a kid, I'd probably I probably just pretend the person showed up.
Yeah.
Yeah. So how have you been doing through the through the pandemic
for
the
place?
Right.
Mhm.
How? Mhm.
Yeah. It's less it doesn't spread as much so that's nice. You don't
have to worry as much about everyone in your house getting it. Yes.
I'd say. Mhm. Better than most probably. Um because I'm I'm 20 so I'm just I'm in college and um out of this right is going to community college and they were already pretty well set up for online classes for most classes. Everything I'm taking it was it was pretty easy for just one week I'm going to class and the next they're like hey just watch the lecture and take the quiz and that's it. Um And my dad, his job, he's in I. T. So but in a way I don't really get it. I'm the odd one out in my family and that I'm not at all good with computers. I I have no real idea what he does but I know it's something that he's been able to do from home very easily. So it's not like you know, it's not like I'm worried about my family using the house or anything. Um So yeah like my personal job I worked as a theater manager and as you might have seen, movie theaters are not doing well
sadly. Very sadly not. I don't I don't think movie theaters are going to survive this. I think by At least 2020 to like maybe they'll come back very briefly. But I don't think I I think finally after people have been saying theaters are going to die for 50 years like
yeah, like as soon as like VHS tapes came out, people were like this is gonna be the death of theaters because we can just watch movies at home now. Um It's finally happening in that, that's very sad.
See and regal and there were three big theater chains AMC Regal and Cinemark and they're all probably not going to make it to the end of the year. I personally, I work for regal and yeah, it's and there is more that goes into it than just Covid, it's not like the industry was doing great before Covid. Um but Covid definitely and here you have the
It's
they
will
Yeah. Yeah. Not uh yeah, not looking for forward to if I ever ever have kids, but
yeah, you know.
Okay. Uh the 18 year old?
What?
Yeah, I mean, here's the thing, I, I don't, I feel like there's no way to have a child and have it, have it not be, not be a surprise in that Children are all, Children are different, there's going to be, you have to deal with that, you never expect Like me, I'm, I'm diabetic type one. Oh, and yeah, my parents definitely, and on top of, you know, other stuff like I'm not, I was never good with school, so my parents had to homeschool me. Um there's, there's just various things while as the only sibling I have is an older brother and he's always been good at school and everything, so they were kind of sitting here like, so we can definitely do this again and around and they were like, oh, never again,
that
It,
And I see like, and I understand why it's not why the public school system is not perfect. I think it should. I think it could be a lot better than it is. But like I I do understand that like at some point they kind of have to be like we only have so much funding So if we can get 95% of kids out of here knowing everything they need to know, But the five are left behind, we have to make that decision at some point. Uh huh I guess the problem is is not as much the school, it's everything around them, that's how they get
out funding. They have
don't
think.
Yeah, there's there's no, There's no one who decides to go into teaching because they, that they don't want to help people and they don't want to be a positive influence on the world. It's, it's the system around it. Um the problem for me has always been like classes where the stuff seems real like history and english and that stuff, I do great. I have never, I'm pretty proud of this. I've never gotten below a b on an essay in my entire college career. Uh huh,
thank you. But then stuff like math and physics where it, it's hard to make it real for me, that's where I struggle, so Mhm. Mhm.
I think for math we need to very much pivot like what we teach and how we teach it because like, like how math relates to finances, that's probably how you're going to use math in life unless you are going into a science field or into teaching. And so why instead of like focusing on that and how to use it for that? Why are we like teaching? Like trigonometry?
I
feel.
Yeah. But instead like you can uh there are a lot of for a lot of kids, it's like, sorry, you couldn't really grasp trigonometry or whatever so you can't go to college awesome.
Yeah.
I'm
know,
I'm trying to go into toy design small. Like I I'm lucky in that like, like stuff like shapes and stuff that is, that's like more of the stuff that I that's the stuff that I that seems real to me. Is that Oh yeah, so this is this is this big, it fits, blah blah, blah, blah. The stuff that will work into what I'm trying to do, I understand, but for me to get a degree in what I'm trying to do, I had to pass classes, that's just like, that's that's like Al nahda, what's the college thing about calculus? I had to take a calculus class and yeah, it has nothing to do with anything I'm going to do, and but I had to take it and I got to see and it's one of the only sees on my transcript and I'm really okay with that, see despite like my parents and just being like, she's never she's never okay, look at your brother, your brother never got to see it. I'm like, listen, you have the one good kid, that's more than a lot of people get. Yeah.
Career?
Yeah, and but I just, I don't get it, you know, and in a lot of europe most degrees or two years because what you go into college for is what we're trying to do. Meanwhile here two years of it is general education, which I'm before they're being general education, but I think probably one year worth of classes would be enough. Yeah. Um
and I'd read and I'd like, again, I'd like the general education, I'd like there to be like a finance class and stuff that people if the idea is two to be like an adult and you need to know this stuff, then it should be stuff that matters more. Right?
No.
Uh huh. Yeah, I don't know.
I know. So like common core math, they they rolled this out and they were like every school, every public school, I think, I think you, The original plan was every public school by 2015 was going to be teaching math common core. So and they were like, no, it's so much, it's better. But yeah, like me that okay, I don't know how to define if doing math this specific way is better or not, but the important part was while all the public schools very quickly pivoted to teaching math, common core colleges do not.
So by 2018
kids were showing up in college college math classes like, oh yeah, this is how I learned to do all this stuff and the teachers were like, okay, well I need you to learn how to do all this stuff, how I know it, so I can teach you how to do the more complicated stuff.
And
like in in theory it's like, yeah, you can figure this out in less steps or a little quicker, right? Like If No one, a lot of public school teachers, they were like, hey, this is how you have to teach the kids all this stuff when they didn't even know how to do it that way. Oh, I'd say that it's the common core math is one of the biggest examples to me of how the public education system has failed so incredibly recently. Uh
Yeah, because I like the fact that colleges did not know how to do it, That that's very big for me because like, the whole public school system nowadays, since like the 80s or something has been set up to get kids into college. So that's just a massive europe. And also shouldn't be that way. Like not everyone, like up until I learned this in american history, it's like up until the sixties or seventies, the idea was that like after you're done with high school, you should be able to go and get a job and then if you want more, more specialized things, you go to college. Meanwhile, now it's like, yeah, go to college no matter what you want to do, because there aren't jobs for people, you don't have degrees. And then people ask why we have such a big student loan debt problem. Okay. And it's like, well, it's pretty simple because that,
no.
I mean like a lot of like the biggest, it all factors into the same problem because like nowadays, like how if you don't have a degree, you can't even get a job at target because there's enough people with degrees And not enough jobs for them that people with degrees are trying to get for like $14 an hour at target. Yeah. I don't know how we failed this portly right.
Here we are. Yeah,
And
I
Yeah. Um In at the movie theaters I worked at I For a while I thought I just wanted to like climb the ladder because movie theaters at least regal they were, they were very good at hiring because like, so I started there when I was 17 and by the time I was 18 they were like yeah you're good enough to be a four manager. And then I slowly Got to a point where I was thinking like $12 an hour instead of eight. So it's not like a
big deal. But I didn't know that like so like my deputy general manager the second to die in charge of the theater, he I was looking for another job and I'm like so so why is this because like the general manager made like $80,000 a year without a degree and he's like yeah but there's five jobs like that in north Carolina so and they're all taken and they've been taken for however many years because people get to that point and they just sit there so like wow there is a job like that to to even have a chance at getting, I have to they have to stick at the deputy position where he's making half of that no afford his apartment because to work in a theater you kind of have to be close to a theater which means close to a city so Yeah problematic right now. Uh huh.
Yeah I
think so.
Mhm.
For
that.
Yeah I said going into like the election and everything I said if biden winds and the two things I want our work towards stopping or slowing climate change And raise the minimum wage. It's been 20 years raise the male laid and he said like Day one There's going to be executive orders for both of those things. So I guess happy if he does do executive orders to to do those two things to get us back in the paris agreement and to raise minimum wage. Yeah that's more than what a lot of people a lot of people in charge have done, so.
I need to.
Yeah. And the problem for me is so like, I know people that are like, well did you see how rich al gore got because of this whole climate change thing? That's what it's really about, and I'm like, do you know? Okay, so like one person got rich by talking about climate change, do you know how many people are rich because they ignore it? It's because
It's not like he's the
richest man on the planet or anything.
Back.
Okay, so it has been half an hour or so, I'm gonna let you go.
It's
big. It did indeed. I mean listen you can just you can tell your daughter who's watching the other the other kid. You can just tell her the talk went on for two hours. That's why it,
It