SPEAKER_L: but Okay. Uh huh, mm hmm, mm, mm. Yeah, wow. Yeah, yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hi, let me check my volume for a sec. True, awesome. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me okay? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Very well.
SPEAKER_L: There you go. Mhm. I'm the show.
SPEAKER_R: Hi Michele I'm Annie.
SPEAKER_L: Hi Annie, how
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: are you today
SPEAKER_R: uh pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: there?
SPEAKER_R: Uh it's pretty hot outside right now, so I'm just chilling inside.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, same here. What part of the country are you? And I'm in Arizona?
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. I'm in Washington State, so the eastern part, not the Seattle part. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think the eastern part of Washington, I've been to Seattle and that's about about it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's very different. It's like all desert and nothingness. So
SPEAKER_L: So kind of like Arizona. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: colder in the winter I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, Well, I'm in the phoenix area, so we don't, this part of the state doesn't get no, but I know you all get snow in the winter, right?
SPEAKER_R: it depends what we tend to Cool.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, very good. So
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: uh go ahead. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: so you like live in the city or?
SPEAKER_L: Um I live in the suburbs. I um so I live in I live in Avondale which is a suburb of phoenix uh only because I work here and I am not a I'm not a big city person. I grew up in the suburbs, I grew up in actually in a suburb of san Diego California. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: thanks
SPEAKER_L: Ah yeah, so I I don't know, I don't mind cities but like new york, I started feeling like claustrophobic, like
SPEAKER_R: if.
SPEAKER_L: the buildings are all closing in on, so.
SPEAKER_R: not to mention right now, it's probably even worse. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Though Arizona is not doing so well
SPEAKER_R: You sure
SPEAKER_L: lately with all
SPEAKER_R: off?
SPEAKER_L: of the craziness. Yeah, we're one of the top places just because people are not wanting to wear masks or stay home or anything like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I live in a really small town and I think, I think no, we definitely went trump in the last election and um probably like 10% of people ever like wear masks and it's just not, it's just not ideal. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I pretty much stay home as much as I can and I'm lucky tonight I'm a I'm a college teacher
SPEAKER_R: Well, mm,
SPEAKER_L: and so I'm not teaching this summer, so I have
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: the flexibility of staying home and so I say as much as I can.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my mom's a college professor as well, I'm actually still staying with her because I don't know if I get to like move into my dorm yet and um she she says that she is like no intention of teaching in person and that basically her colleagues as well so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I pretty much only they asked, I was really lucky the school where I teach. They asked us if we wanted to teach in person or remotely and I told them remotely so far they seem to be accepting of that. I know there are some schools that are like, no, we're doing in person. I'm like, yeah, I don't think I would want to do that. It's just so it's just too difficult in a college setting to control everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: university is it like a very large one?
SPEAKER_L: I teach at a community college, so I teach at a stray mountain community college, which is just a local one here. Ah But yes. Are now, are you going far away from home where you're supposed to move into your dorm or?
SPEAKER_R: No my it's in Seattle so yeah like and it's U dub so it's like a really large university so I don't some of the chances of that happening are pretty low.
SPEAKER_L: My mom, my mom actually got her master's degree from the University of Washington. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Very cool. What did she study?
SPEAKER_L: She studied nursing. Yeah. Do you know what, what you're wanting to study yet or you in the middle of already
SPEAKER_R: uh Kind of both. So right now
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I'm in the college of engineering but I can't declare a major for like another year so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was that way. So I I also I got my I am a bad I currently teach math at community college but I have my my undergraduate degree in industrial engineering. So
SPEAKER_R: nice. That's so cool. Yeah my my mom actually also teaches math. Um where'd you go for a college?
SPEAKER_L: I got my bachelors degree from stanford. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Very cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was I it's been a long time since I've been in college but I I really liked it and for me if I felt it was the right place, great place for me though. It was interestingly enough not my top choice when I applied I can't apply just to see if I could get in. All right when I visited and I kind of fell in love though. I would say if this was like if I was starting college now I I don't know what I would do. I feel so so bad for students that are in college now because it's really hard because it's like you don't want to go and and risk, you know, getting sick. But at the same time it's not quite the same thing
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: uh through college from home and online.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did a quarter online um
SPEAKER_L: Okay. In the spring.
SPEAKER_R: in the spring, and no, I didn't really like it that much, like, I mean there were benefits, but as a whole, it definitely was not the experience I wanted also um yeah, it's kind of sad because I was supposed to graduate from high school this year, and um and then there was like, and it still feels like it was March. So yeah, it's hard to like, think about college when I'm I still feel like high
SPEAKER_L: Still
SPEAKER_R: school is
SPEAKER_L: finishing.
SPEAKER_R: enough. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: It's it's hello, It's been kind of a crazy year and hopefully hopefully if you end up doing online stuff to fall, but hopefully will be a little bit better because I know for for like teachers like me, I don't know about your mom, but it was kind of one of those like you have to change your class to online and in two weeks and go and uh when we have the summer, you can at least think a little bit more eggs. Still it still may not be great, but it's better than it's better than. Okay. Just change the whole way you planned
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: your class.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's time I actually read this this article or something, it was like the, if you're going to go online, you should try to make sure that your classes are like no more than 12 people, because apparently any more than that, you're basically not getting a very good education. And like, I don't know because I feel like online classes are definitely going to have more than 12 people and it's just it's just not good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's hard like for for me I'm at least lucky at my community college, we have a maximum class size for most of our classes around 30 or 32. Uh But they like for us, usually the monetary break even point is in order to um for the student tuition to pay for how much it costs to pay someone to teach the class. Usually there has to be 16 students, so usually that's how many students they want to let the class go. So I I I don't read the article but I saw someone posted that article about the 12 students. So I was like, well we've often argued for a smaller class sizes. Uh Like you said, you get more attention everyone fewer students. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you be,
SPEAKER_L: are you having trouble hearing me?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you just kind of cut out a little but yeah, I got the general gist of it,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So and so I will tell you now. I think some of our worries are that we won't have enough students. Uh Because currently I have a couple of classes that are full that have 30 students, but a couple other classes only have like 10 or 11 students, so so I may only end up with 10 or 11 students, who knows? But
SPEAKER_R: I mean I feel like a lot of like university students are probably then also go community college now hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: that might, that might happen. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: Have you thought about what you might do or you don't? Don't know yet?
SPEAKER_R: see I like I'm not like completely sure because like I mean I like math and I like physics and they're like, you know, stuff like that, but then like I just don't have enough experience with any of that, like no, for sure. So I'm hoping to explore a little and like whether I stick with engineering or I go to somewhere else we'll just figure it out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I will tell you. For, for me. Uh I did not know what I wanted to do when I went to college. So my dad had his degree in chemical engineering and when I was in high school I liked chemistry and I liked math, so he's like chemical engineering, I'm like, okay, I have no idea what that is. Uh So but I changed my mind a lot. I
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: we also I was not allowed to declare major tell my junior year. So um I just took a bunch of class. I took the engineering like physics and all that to prepare for engineering. But even even then I'm like I don't know if this is what I want. I changed my mind a lot. Even after I graduated I was like I still don't really know. Yeah so I got a job and I will tell you like my first, so I worked for well what is now Verizon? It wasn't Verizon when I started uh But when I was G. T. E. Which no longer exists because they merged with with bell atlantic to create horizon. But I learned more about what I didn't want to do my first jobs then what I really wanted to do. So it's not, it's not easy. But yeah, sometimes I wish I had explored a little more in college to get a better idea of what exactly I would be doing rather than just like the classes because sometimes you don't really understand what the career is just by taking the classes.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Like there's like industry and then like academia and then
SPEAKER_L: Member.
SPEAKER_R: very different things. It's cool that you like wound up in academia though like you I don't know I I feel like most engineering people like go to industry and like stand industry sort of thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My so even though both my, neither of my parents like worked as teachers their whole life, but both their parents were teachers and my parents taught at different points in their careers. So I kind of grew up, so my dad, my dad worked for the Navy, but he taught math on base at night school. Um, so I grew up around someone who is teaching math. And so I think that probably helped how peaked my interest. So by I enjoy teaching. It has its frustrations as every job does. But uh but for the most part I like it, I don't know at that point. So this is I now for 14 years. So I don't know, I'm kind of at the point where I'm just like, I kind of still like it, but I want to try something different. I almost miss industry a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. I know my mom like she like she does she teaches but then she like does more teaching on the site. So like yeah I guess she just really likes teaching but only on like my dad it's like switch jobs a couple of times. I think he's like a banker now and I don't know it's just very interesting because they're like doing very different things and both math. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know my, so my dad, my dad stayed at the same pretty much the same worked for the navy for his entire career. My mom moved around a lot more
SPEAKER_R: we are
SPEAKER_L: various different things. So
SPEAKER_R: we call so right now are you like like staying with your family and like this situation?
SPEAKER_L: No, I am so I am in Arizona and the rest of my family is actually in California. So uh it marks when it first started, I was on spring break and I was there in California, but I had to come back because I had meetings that we still were having in person and we had to figure out what we're doing uh since I've been back in March, I thought about going there. But with all of the craziness with the increase in cases here in Arizona, I'm a little nervous to go. So I'm here with my dog and my dog. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's not too bad. It's just a little, sometimes a little oh, not too bad there. It's my mom, my sister, her husband, and my nephew live with my mom. So it's either nobody here or a lot of people.
SPEAKER_R: everybody there. That's a wrap. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So have you picked up any new hobbies to keep you busy while you're stuck at home?
SPEAKER_R: I have baked a lot of food and so I've eaten a lot of food. Um I think, I don't think it's like the quarantine 15 yet, but it was definitely progressing until I started exercising again. So. Yeah, but that's been pretty fun I think. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I haven't baked a whole lot, but some.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I feel like for me it's like the engineering or school thing doesn't work out. I can just like open up a bakery or something or like farm alpacas or something. Something
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: fun like that.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. Very good.
SPEAKER_R: How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I Sorry, been uh just crazy. My friends tell me, I'm, I'm crazy because in in Arizona I am knitting blankets. I learned how to, well, so I I took a class right before spring break until before all the craziness everything got shut down. Um If you about how to hand it blankets with like chunky Chanel yard, so it's bigger yard and you just use your hands, you don't use needles or anything. So I took the class and I was like, wow, this is really I'm I tend to be a perfectionist. So crafty things can be dangerous for me because I'm like it's not perfect, it's going to be crazy. But the knitting, the blanket was kind of really relaxing and so I bought a second ball of yarn to take with me on spring break and I made one and I was like, I want to keep doing this. So I bought more yard and I've been knitting blankets. But people are like, it's Arizona, it's the summer, it's like 100 and 10 degrees. Why are you getting like this? Mm But it relaxes me. So I have lots of blankets now.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's kind of more more than one use. I mean that's pretty,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I may end up donating some of them to shelters or places that could use. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's very cool. Um I have like a pile of your in my room, but I haven't like knitted or done
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: anything,
SPEAKER_L: you for that.
SPEAKER_R: We all like do that again.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know. I I feel like for a while at the very beginning, like when I was stuck at home I was doing a lot of like organizing the house and cleaning things and then after a while like I'm tired of this. So I feel like it's weird. I feel like I haven't really done much of anything. I mean my dog keeps me busy because I walk him a lot and I play with him. We've been so he is a part border collie, part lab. So he's really smart and really hyper and so we've been learning a lot of new tricks so he likes to tricks because he gets he gets treats. So
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I spent some time training doing training tricks with him. But I don't know. And I it's so weird because I'm like I feel tired even though I feel like it very much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure are like, like parks open for you guys or
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh sadly. They've opened almost everything which was crazy because they opened it way too soon. Which is why we're having so many issues. Uh The parks are open right now. The cities uh the cities where the county where I am has mandated masks in public when you're not able to maintain distance. So like walking my dog, I don't necessarily need to wear a mask. But going to the store going if I go to the park to do anything else I have to where a mask. I, I try to stay away from the park. My dog loves going to the park because he likes all the different smells like there's too many people. People, I don't want to be around all the people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I know. We, my my friend and I went to the lake and we didn't think it would be open like or that a lot of people would be there if there were so like we parked like a mile away and walked all the way over there and the pawn going there, there was the parking lot and the parking lot was like completely full and like the first half was and like like I mean I know it's summer but like and I live in a small town so maybe more people, I don't know and you had to like struggle to find an area. Not a lot of people.
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy. Yeah, we've had so it's the, it's been the same here. They showed pictures, we have a lot of like rivers where people go because it's hot to go inner tubing and different things. And they showed, they showed pictures from over the weekend and everybody is like wall to wall people and I'm like, this is crazy. So okay. But yeah, I'm pretty much trying to try to stay home. But, but yeah, it's, it's a little crazy. I don't know what this weekend is going to bring with the fourth of july and everything people out. So I don't know. And it's, we have it's been hot and dry here. It's really dry. And so we've had some brush fires already and people so fireworks are legal here. And so I'm really worried that people are gonna start fires over the.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And we have like basically the same thing in eastern Washington, like a raging wildfire season every summer and then the past it has been set off by like people setting off fireworks. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you are you doing anything special this weekend for the fourth of july or just staying home?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know like I might stay home or I might get together with like my like three of my close friends from high school. Um And because I didn't make it to like the fireworks, we might just like set off fireworks for that. But like in an area that
SPEAKER_L: It's safe.
SPEAKER_R: did they? But I mean like not not big plans but
SPEAKER_L: Big.
SPEAKER_R: but I
SPEAKER_L: Be either. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Do you
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: neighbors usually set off their own fireworks off. I'll get to see their
SPEAKER_R: interesting?
SPEAKER_L: and just hope they don't send any plants on fire.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Like I know like I mean I I kind of live in like a like a suburb area and a lot of, so there was like like uh the countryside is like really really close and we get a ton of fireworks, like just a few meat, like a couple of lots away anyway. So that's.
SPEAKER_L: My my dog unfortunately does not like the fireworks. He will bark the whole time, but he hears them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. When yeah when we had a dog, she like kind of did the same to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's weird. His first the first, so he was a puppy, a pretty young puppy the first year. So he was, how old was he? His only, he was five months old for the fourth of july the first year I had him and he I had friends who are here and we stayed inside and he didn't even pay any attention so I'm like oh he'll be good the next year he barked his head off
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: with parking parking and then somebody set off fireworks a week or so ago and he was barking a lot so so we'll see what he what happens this weekend. But I think he mainly just barks because he doesn't know what the noises.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Dogs, dogs are like that we have um birds like we we used to have a dog for the longest time and then she died like a few years ago. So we have like three birds and it's it's like almost as chaotic at times because like they they just keep like surfing and
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: they're in the living room so they like church when the TVs on and then they like church when I practice my instrument and it's like just this background noise. Like I mean it's they're definitely not as messy as a dog but they it's nice that there's like, you know, still animals there. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: What kind of birds are they?
SPEAKER_R: They're just parakeets. Yeah. One is like um like fully yellow and she likes, we believe it to she she likes to like um like you know the cage? He likes to like hang upside down
SPEAKER_L: I was like
SPEAKER_R: like, like about like, like the other two don't do that like only and it's the weirdest thing because it's like she's flexible enough and strong enough obviously, but she's just like hanging upside down for no reason. And then we just have like two other blue ones that are more normal. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Center very cool and what instrument do you play?
SPEAKER_R: Oh I play the flute and
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: the piccolo at times, but I don't, the piccolo is like, like I feel like my neighbors hate it when you do that. So I've been I haven't been doing piccolo as much, but I do do flu that somewhat regularly. So
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Very true.
SPEAKER_R: really like music. Like, I mean it was pretty hard because when the pandemic like canceled everything, like it cancelled State Salon Ensemble which I was going to do and then it cancelled like our last band concert and I was supposed
SPEAKER_L: I'm wrong
SPEAKER_R: to like this cool solo and it was
SPEAKER_L: Bruno.
SPEAKER_R: like really sad. But yeah, I know this but like I'm definitely glad that I'm not a professional musician at this time as well because like making a living right now would be even like way harder. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Have you done, did now did you all do anything like virtually concerts or practice or anything
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so our band class like tried to do like fans down it
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: didn't work very well?
SPEAKER_R: now we just, it just ended up being like a bunch of like music theory and like playing tests. Uh like my flu teacher did hold like a zoom rehearsal which was actually
SPEAKER_L: And uh
SPEAKER_R: cool because it was like performing again and like it's hard practice for something if you're not going to perform it and then it's just purposeless. So that was that was actually really nice, but beyond that really it's yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that must be, that must be hard. I played the piano growing up but I have not played in a long time so I don't know, I thought about playing and I don't even have, I don't have a piano currently or a keyboard but I thought about buying one and playing again.
SPEAKER_R: You know music's music school?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I love music. I still so uh for me in high school I sang in choir. So um I still I still see for fun along with music. But uh yeah music is definitely music has really been a help for me coping with all the craziness because when I when I get stressed out I just like to turn on music and sing
SPEAKER_R: if left.
SPEAKER_L: and my dog, my dog good will deal with it. And my neighbors are fond of the way they can't hear me
SPEAKER_R: that's very cool. Have you seen like the like the full length musicals that they've released some like Youtube, like you know, Cats and phantom of the opera and all that
SPEAKER_L: I have not, I have not really watched a whole lot of the stuff that they've, they've released on Youtube. I see. And I, yeah, I don't know. I haven't seen, I haven't seen musicals in a really long time.
SPEAKER_R: movie?
SPEAKER_L: I grew up like my mom loved musicals. I don't know my dad did. That's really loved that. But he watched with my mom. So, but I feel like I have, I have not been, have not been keeping up someone with physical. So I know Hamilton is coming up so
SPEAKER_R: Please
SPEAKER_L: I'll probably watch. No.
SPEAKER_R: Hamilton is pretty evil. Yeah, we um like I mean I've played and like our with our high schools where musicals for like the past two years and I just thought when this all happened that it was really fortunate that our last performance was like right before they got off because then it would have been like all the rehearsing for like what?
SPEAKER_L: Nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. But yeah, musicals are like so much fun. Like you have the singer's obviously who are who are who are like also really talented actors and then like you have the pit and if you're in the pit then you're playing like really cool music and I just, yeah, I love it so much. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I really like, I don't know. I should, I should probably start start looking at more musicals. I don't know why. I think for me it's, I don't know, sometimes musicals on like on tv or and movies are so different than seeing them in person. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that, that is very true. Yeah, and there's obviously no performance going on.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, these days it was very difficult to do like zoom musical. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: maybe just for like the soundtrack.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I was going to say I've seen like a lot of zoom like choir performances where people are sitting together but that you can't really interact with somebody else and act a part or a play or any kind of thing with mm remotely so I I don't know, I've seen I have a friend who likes to do improv comedy and so she they did uh they did a zoom performance online. That was it was interesting. I mean they did but it was just very different because they were not in the same physical location obviously.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And that, that does make a difference. Yeah, So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: were you like a, like an alto or?
SPEAKER_L: Um so I was I wasn't also when I was in uh we had we actually had a soprano soprano 2 to 12 I was out one, so I had done uh soprano to before but they needed more auto, so that was what I ended up doing when I was in show choirs.
SPEAKER_R: that's very cool. Like, I mean, I don't really know that much about choir, but like, I know, I just think it's like really cool, like you guys have like the most portable instruments and it's
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's true,
SPEAKER_R: jealous.
SPEAKER_L: that's true, it goes with you wherever you go, I don't like it, yeah, especially compared to the piano, which I guess or you can have a baby take with you but but yeah my my mom saw as the so my grandmother with my sister and I were learning to play, my grandmother gave us her grand piano, so we have my mom still has that at her house, so
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: I play it when I go home but I don't know you go often enough to practice often enough to really really on top of things
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's cool.
SPEAKER_L: back. Yeah, yep well I guess it's 2 30 has been I guess it's maybe been long
SPEAKER_R: 23 minutes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think so.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so if you go back to like the tab yeah,
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: or for you, does your time or like is your time or like accurate or very not accurate? Mhm
SPEAKER_L: So the timer starts so my my timer says 34 minutes but it starts from the time that you open the open the page. So um so I opened the page a few minutes early which is why mine says 34 minutes. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I think, I think
SPEAKER_L: what does yours
SPEAKER_R: my,
SPEAKER_L: say?
SPEAKER_R: my mind says 2.5 minutes and I think that's just as, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: weird
SPEAKER_R: I don't even know because like, I think it's just the amount of time I have like this specific page open and then it causes when I go over. Yeah, I know. That's
SPEAKER_L: how scared.
SPEAKER_R: the weird. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But it's weird. Yeah that's strange because yeah mine's kept mind has kept going from when I uh when I started.
SPEAKER_R: Are you like on a Windows device or
SPEAKER_L: Yes I am on a Windows device. Are you on the back?
SPEAKER_R: I am maybe that could be I
SPEAKER_L: who knows It's really interesting. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: have you done this before this experiment before for
SPEAKER_R: I did it
SPEAKER_L: speed
SPEAKER_R: again
SPEAKER_L: up?
SPEAKER_R: because it was like three peaceful. So
SPEAKER_L: Yes name Sam with me. I did it one other time.
SPEAKER_R: yes. Yeah. Like this is, this is cool and the, yeah. Yeah. I wonder what they're trying to like.
SPEAKER_L: I know it does seem strange to like okay if you want to pay me to talk with somebody hush er
SPEAKER_R: why not? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well, very good. I guess I guess we can go back and do the rest of the survey then. It was nice to meet you and me and
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: good chatting with you,
SPEAKER_R: you as well, Michelle. It was very fun.
SPEAKER_L: Good luck with you with the fall and engineering and whatever you end up deciding to do and hopefully everything works out.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Yeah. Good luck with all your teaching endeavors and your knitting and like your music stuff. Music is good.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yes. Very good. Right. Have a good rest of your day,
SPEAKER_R: Alright. CIA or by
SPEAKER_L: Maybe.