Yeah. Hi, let me check my volume for a sec. True, awesome. Can you hear me?
Very well.
Hi Michele I'm Annie.
Well,
uh pretty good.
Uh it's pretty hot outside right now, so I'm just chilling inside.
Oh cool. I'm in Washington State, so the eastern part, not the Seattle part. Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah.
yeah, it's very different. It's like all desert and nothingness. So
colder in the winter I think.
it depends what we tend to Cool.
you,
so you like live in the city or?
thanks
if.
not to mention right now, it's probably even worse. Yeah.
You sure
off?
Yeah, I live in a really small town and I think, I think no, we definitely went trump in the last election and um probably like 10% of people ever like wear masks and it's just not, it's just not ideal. Yeah.
Well, mm,
no.
Yeah, my mom's a college professor as well, I'm actually still staying with her because I don't know if I get to like move into my dorm yet and um she she says that she is like no intention of teaching in person and that basically her colleagues as well so.
university is it like a very large one?
No my it's in Seattle so yeah like and it's U dub so it's like a really large university so I don't some of the chances of that happening are pretty low.
Very cool. What did she study?
uh Kind of both. So right now
I'm in the college of engineering but I can't declare a major for like another year so. Yeah.
nice. That's so cool. Yeah my my mom actually also teaches math. Um where'd you go for a college?
Very cool.
no.
Yeah, I did a quarter online um
in the spring, and no, I didn't really like it that much, like, I mean there were benefits, but as a whole, it definitely was not the experience I wanted also um yeah, it's kind of sad because I was supposed to graduate from high school this year, and um and then there was like, and it still feels like it was March. So yeah, it's hard to like, think about college when I'm I still feel like high
school is
enough. Okay.
Mhm.
Thanks.
Yeah, it's time I actually read this this article or something, it was like the, if you're going to go online, you should try to make sure that your classes are like no more than 12 people, because apparently any more than that, you're basically not getting a very good education. And like, I don't know because I feel like online classes are definitely going to have more than 12 people and it's just it's just not good.
Yeah, you be,
yeah, you just kind of cut out a little but yeah, I got the general gist of it,
I mean I feel like a lot of like university students are probably then also go community college now hopefully.
Oh
see I like I'm not like completely sure because like I mean I like math and I like physics and they're like, you know, stuff like that, but then like I just don't have enough experience with any of that, like no, for sure. So I'm hoping to explore a little and like whether I stick with engineering or I go to somewhere else we'll just figure it out.
Well
Right. Like there's like industry and then like academia and then
very different things. It's cool that you like wound up in academia though like you I don't know I I feel like most engineering people like go to industry and like stand industry sort of thing. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. I know my mom like she like she does she teaches but then she like does more teaching on the site. So like yeah I guess she just really likes teaching but only on like my dad it's like switch jobs a couple of times. I think he's like a banker now and I don't know it's just very interesting because they're like doing very different things and both math. Mhm.
we are
we call so right now are you like like staying with your family and like this situation?
that's
everybody there. That's a wrap. Yeah.
I have baked a lot of food and so I've eaten a lot of food. Um I think, I don't think it's like the quarantine 15 yet, but it was definitely progressing until I started exercising again. So. Yeah, but that's been pretty fun I think. Oh
yeah, I feel like for me it's like the engineering or school thing doesn't work out. I can just like open up a bakery or something or like farm alpacas or something. Something
fun like that.
How about you?
I think it's kind of more more than one use. I mean that's pretty,
yeah, that's very cool. Um I have like a pile of your in my room, but I haven't like knitted or done
anything,
We all like do that again.
that's
Yeah, for sure are like, like parks open for you guys or
Yeah. Yeah, I know. We, my my friend and I went to the lake and we didn't think it would be open like or that a lot of people would be there if there were so like we parked like a mile away and walked all the way over there and the pawn going there, there was the parking lot and the parking lot was like completely full and like the first half was and like like I mean I know it's summer but like and I live in a small town so maybe more people, I don't know and you had to like struggle to find an area. Not a lot of people.
Yeah. And we have like basically the same thing in eastern Washington, like a raging wildfire season every summer and then the past it has been set off by like people setting off fireworks. So yeah,
I don't know like I might stay home or I might get together with like my like three of my close friends from high school. Um And because I didn't make it to like the fireworks, we might just like set off fireworks for that. But like in an area that
did they? But I mean like not not big plans but
but I
Do you
have
interesting?
Yeah. Yeah. Like I know like I mean I I kind of live in like a like a suburb area and a lot of, so there was like like uh the countryside is like really really close and we get a ton of fireworks, like just a few meat, like a couple of lots away anyway. So that's.
Yeah. When yeah when we had a dog, she like kind of did the same to.
No.
Mm. Dogs, dogs are like that we have um birds like we we used to have a dog for the longest time and then she died like a few years ago. So we have like three birds and it's it's like almost as chaotic at times because like they they just keep like surfing and
they're in the living room so they like church when the TVs on and then they like church when I practice my instrument and it's like just this background noise. Like I mean it's they're definitely not as messy as a dog but they it's nice that there's like, you know, still animals there. Mhm.
They're just parakeets. Yeah. One is like um like fully yellow and she likes, we believe it to she she likes to like um like you know the cage? He likes to like hang upside down
like, like about like, like the other two don't do that like only and it's the weirdest thing because it's like she's flexible enough and strong enough obviously, but she's just like hanging upside down for no reason. And then we just have like two other blue ones that are more normal. But yeah.
Oh I play the flute and
the piccolo at times, but I don't, the piccolo is like, like I feel like my neighbors hate it when you do that. So I've been I haven't been doing piccolo as much, but I do do flu that somewhat regularly. So
I
really like music. Like, I mean it was pretty hard because when the pandemic like canceled everything, like it cancelled State Salon Ensemble which I was going to do and then it cancelled like our last band concert and I was supposed
to like this cool solo and it was
like really sad. But yeah, I know this but like I'm definitely glad that I'm not a professional musician at this time as well because like making a living right now would be even like way harder. So. Yeah.
Yeah, so our band class like tried to do like fans down it
didn't
now we just, it just ended up being like a bunch of like music theory and like playing tests. Uh like my flu teacher did hold like a zoom rehearsal which was actually
cool because it was like performing again and like it's hard practice for something if you're not going to perform it and then it's just purposeless. So that was that was actually really nice, but beyond that really it's yeah.
You know music's music school?
if left.
that's very cool. Have you seen like the like the full length musicals that they've released some like Youtube, like you know, Cats and phantom of the opera and all that
movie?
Please
Hamilton is pretty evil. Yeah, we um like I mean I've played and like our with our high schools where musicals for like the past two years and I just thought when this all happened that it was really fortunate that our last performance was like right before they got off because then it would have been like all the rehearsing for like what?
Yes. But yeah, musicals are like so much fun. Like you have the singer's obviously who are who are who are like also really talented actors and then like you have the pit and if you're in the pit then you're playing like really cool music and I just, yeah, I love it so much. Yeah.
yeah, that, that is very true. Yeah, and there's obviously no performance going on.
maybe just for like the soundtrack.
Right. And that, that does make a difference. Yeah, So
were you like a, like an alto or?
that's very cool. Like, I mean, I don't really know that much about choir, but like, I know, I just think it's like really cool, like you guys have like the most portable instruments and it's
jealous.
very
Yeah, it's cool.
23 minutes. Yeah.
Okay, so if you go back to like the tab yeah,
or for you, does your time or like is your time or like accurate or very not accurate? Mhm
I think, I think
my,
my mind says 2.5 minutes and I think that's just as, yeah,
I don't even know because like, I think it's just the amount of time I have like this specific page open and then it causes when I go over. Yeah, I know. That's
the weird. Yeah.
Are you like on a Windows device or
I am maybe that could be I
Uh
I did it
again
because it was like three peaceful. So
yes. Yeah. Like this is, this is cool and the, yeah. Yeah. I wonder what they're trying to like.
why not? Mhm.
it was
you as well, Michelle. It was very fun.
Thank you. Yeah. Good luck with all your teaching endeavors and your knitting and like your music stuff. Music is good.
Alright. CIA or by