but Okay. Uh huh, mm hmm, mm, mm. Yeah, wow. Yeah, yeah, I
yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me okay? Okay.
There you go. Mhm. I'm the show.
Hi Annie, how
are you today
there?
Yeah, same here. What part of the country are you? And I'm in Arizona?
Okay.
I don't think the eastern part of Washington, I've been to Seattle and that's about about it.
So kind of like Arizona. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah, Well, I'm in the phoenix area, so we don't, this part of the state doesn't get no, but I know you all get snow in the winter, right?
Okay, very good. So
uh go ahead. Okay.
Um I live in the suburbs. I um so I live in I live in Avondale which is a suburb of phoenix uh only because I work here and I am not a I'm not a big city person. I grew up in the suburbs, I grew up in actually in a suburb of san Diego California. Uh huh.
Ah yeah, so I I don't know, I don't mind cities but like new york, I started feeling like claustrophobic, like
the buildings are all closing in on, so.
Though Arizona is not doing so well
lately with all
of the craziness. Yeah, we're one of the top places just because people are not wanting to wear masks or stay home or anything like that.
Yeah, I pretty much stay home as much as I can and I'm lucky tonight I'm a I'm a college teacher
and so I'm not teaching this summer, so I have
the flexibility of staying home and so I say as much as I can.
Yeah. I pretty much only they asked, I was really lucky the school where I teach. They asked us if we wanted to teach in person or remotely and I told them remotely so far they seem to be accepting of that. I know there are some schools that are like, no, we're doing in person. I'm like, yeah, I don't think I would want to do that. It's just so it's just too difficult in a college setting to control everything. Yeah.
I teach at a community college, so I teach at a stray mountain community college, which is just a local one here. Ah But yes. Are now, are you going far away from home where you're supposed to move into your dorm or?
My mom, my mom actually got her master's degree from the University of Washington. So. Yeah.
She studied nursing. Yeah. Do you know what, what you're wanting to study yet or you in the middle of already
and
Yeah, it was that way. So I I also I got my I am a bad I currently teach math at community college but I have my my undergraduate degree in industrial engineering. So
I got my bachelors degree from stanford. Yeah.
Yeah it was I it's been a long time since I've been in college but I I really liked it and for me if I felt it was the right place, great place for me though. It was interestingly enough not my top choice when I applied I can't apply just to see if I could get in. All right when I visited and I kind of fell in love though. I would say if this was like if I was starting college now I I don't know what I would do. I feel so so bad for students that are in college now because it's really hard because it's like you don't want to go and and risk, you know, getting sick. But at the same time it's not quite the same thing
uh through college from home and online.
Okay. In the spring.
Still
finishing.
Yeah.
It's it's hello, It's been kind of a crazy year and hopefully hopefully if you end up doing online stuff to fall, but hopefully will be a little bit better because I know for for like teachers like me, I don't know about your mom, but it was kind of one of those like you have to change your class to online and in two weeks and go and uh when we have the summer, you can at least think a little bit more eggs. Still it still may not be great, but it's better than it's better than. Okay. Just change the whole way you planned
your class.
Yeah. It's hard like for for me I'm at least lucky at my community college, we have a maximum class size for most of our classes around 30 or 32. Uh But they like for us, usually the monetary break even point is in order to um for the student tuition to pay for how much it costs to pay someone to teach the class. Usually there has to be 16 students, so usually that's how many students they want to let the class go. So I I I don't read the article but I saw someone posted that article about the 12 students. So I was like, well we've often argued for a smaller class sizes. Uh Like you said, you get more attention everyone fewer students. But
are you having trouble hearing me?
Yeah. So and so I will tell you now. I think some of our worries are that we won't have enough students. Uh Because currently I have a couple of classes that are full that have 30 students, but a couple other classes only have like 10 or 11 students, so so I may only end up with 10 or 11 students, who knows? But
that might, that might happen. Yeah.
Have you thought about what you might do or you don't? Don't know yet?
Yeah, I will tell you. For, for me. Uh I did not know what I wanted to do when I went to college. So my dad had his degree in chemical engineering and when I was in high school I liked chemistry and I liked math, so he's like chemical engineering, I'm like, okay, I have no idea what that is. Uh So but I changed my mind a lot. I
we also I was not allowed to declare major tell my junior year. So um I just took a bunch of class. I took the engineering like physics and all that to prepare for engineering. But even even then I'm like I don't know if this is what I want. I changed my mind a lot. Even after I graduated I was like I still don't really know. Yeah so I got a job and I will tell you like my first, so I worked for well what is now Verizon? It wasn't Verizon when I started uh But when I was G. T. E. Which no longer exists because they merged with with bell atlantic to create horizon. But I learned more about what I didn't want to do my first jobs then what I really wanted to do. So it's not, it's not easy. But yeah, sometimes I wish I had explored a little more in college to get a better idea of what exactly I would be doing rather than just like the classes because sometimes you don't really understand what the career is just by taking the classes.
Member.
Yeah. My so even though both my, neither of my parents like worked as teachers their whole life, but both their parents were teachers and my parents taught at different points in their careers. So I kind of grew up, so my dad, my dad worked for the Navy, but he taught math on base at night school. Um, so I grew up around someone who is teaching math. And so I think that probably helped how peaked my interest. So by I enjoy teaching. It has its frustrations as every job does. But uh but for the most part I like it, I don't know at that point. So this is I now for 14 years. So I don't know, I'm kind of at the point where I'm just like, I kind of still like it, but I want to try something different. I almost miss industry a little bit.
Yeah. You know my, so my dad, my dad stayed at the same pretty much the same worked for the navy for his entire career. My mom moved around a lot more
various different things. So
No, I am so I am in Arizona and the rest of my family is actually in California. So uh it marks when it first started, I was on spring break and I was there in California, but I had to come back because I had meetings that we still were having in person and we had to figure out what we're doing uh since I've been back in March, I thought about going there. But with all of the craziness with the increase in cases here in Arizona, I'm a little nervous to go. So I'm here with my dog and my dog. Yeah.
Yeah, it's not too bad. It's just a little, sometimes a little oh, not too bad there. It's my mom, my sister, her husband, and my nephew live with my mom. So it's either nobody here or a lot of people.
So have you picked up any new hobbies to keep you busy while you're stuck at home?
I haven't baked a whole lot, but some.
Well,
that's cool. Very good.
Okay. I Sorry, been uh just crazy. My friends tell me, I'm, I'm crazy because in in Arizona I am knitting blankets. I learned how to, well, so I I took a class right before spring break until before all the craziness everything got shut down. Um If you about how to hand it blankets with like chunky Chanel yard, so it's bigger yard and you just use your hands, you don't use needles or anything. So I took the class and I was like, wow, this is really I'm I tend to be a perfectionist. So crafty things can be dangerous for me because I'm like it's not perfect, it's going to be crazy. But the knitting, the blanket was kind of really relaxing and so I bought a second ball of yarn to take with me on spring break and I made one and I was like, I want to keep doing this. So I bought more yard and I've been knitting blankets. But people are like, it's Arizona, it's the summer, it's like 100 and 10 degrees. Why are you getting like this? Mm But it relaxes me. So I have lots of blankets now.
I don't know. I may end up donating some of them to shelters or places that could use. So
Thank
you for that.
Yeah. I don't know. I I feel like for a while at the very beginning, like when I was stuck at home I was doing a lot of like organizing the house and cleaning things and then after a while like I'm tired of this. So I feel like it's weird. I feel like I haven't really done much of anything. I mean my dog keeps me busy because I walk him a lot and I play with him. We've been so he is a part border collie, part lab. So he's really smart and really hyper and so we've been learning a lot of new tricks so he likes to tricks because he gets he gets treats. So
I spent some time training doing training tricks with him. But I don't know. And I it's so weird because I'm like I feel tired even though I feel like it very much.
Uh huh sadly. They've opened almost everything which was crazy because they opened it way too soon. Which is why we're having so many issues. Uh The parks are open right now. The cities uh the cities where the county where I am has mandated masks in public when you're not able to maintain distance. So like walking my dog, I don't necessarily need to wear a mask. But going to the store going if I go to the park to do anything else I have to where a mask. I, I try to stay away from the park. My dog loves going to the park because he likes all the different smells like there's too many people. People, I don't want to be around all the people.
That's crazy. Yeah, we've had so it's the, it's been the same here. They showed pictures, we have a lot of like rivers where people go because it's hot to go inner tubing and different things. And they showed, they showed pictures from over the weekend and everybody is like wall to wall people and I'm like, this is crazy. So okay. But yeah, I'm pretty much trying to try to stay home. But, but yeah, it's, it's a little crazy. I don't know what this weekend is going to bring with the fourth of july and everything people out. So I don't know. And it's, we have it's been hot and dry here. It's really dry. And so we've had some brush fires already and people so fireworks are legal here. And so I'm really worried that people are gonna start fires over the.
Yeah. Are you are you doing anything special this weekend for the fourth of july or just staying home?
It's safe.
Big.
Be either. Yeah.
My
neighbors usually set off their own fireworks off. I'll get to see their
and just hope they don't send any plants on fire.
My my dog unfortunately does not like the fireworks. He will bark the whole time, but he hears them.
Yeah. It's weird. His first the first, so he was a puppy, a pretty young puppy the first year. So he was, how old was he? His only, he was five months old for the fourth of july the first year I had him and he I had friends who are here and we stayed inside and he didn't even pay any attention so I'm like oh he'll be good the next year he barked his head off
with parking parking and then somebody set off fireworks a week or so ago and he was barking a lot so so we'll see what he what happens this weekend. But I think he mainly just barks because he doesn't know what the noises.
it
What kind of birds are they?
I was like
Center very cool and what instrument do you play?
Who?
that's cool.
Very true.
I'm wrong
Bruno.
Have you done, did now did you all do anything like virtually concerts or practice or anything
just
didn't work very well?
And uh
that must be, that must be hard. I played the piano growing up but I have not played in a long time so I don't know, I thought about playing and I don't even have, I don't have a piano currently or a keyboard but I thought about buying one and playing again.
Yeah, I love music. I still so uh for me in high school I sang in choir. So um I still I still see for fun along with music. But uh yeah music is definitely music has really been a help for me coping with all the craziness because when I when I get stressed out I just like to turn on music and sing
and my dog, my dog good will deal with it. And my neighbors are fond of the way they can't hear me
I have not, I have not really watched a whole lot of the stuff that they've, they've released on Youtube. I see. And I, yeah, I don't know. I haven't seen, I haven't seen musicals in a really long time.
I grew up like my mom loved musicals. I don't know my dad did. That's really loved that. But he watched with my mom. So, but I feel like I have, I have not been, have not been keeping up someone with physical. So I know Hamilton is coming up so
I'll probably watch. No.
Nothing.
Yeah. I really like, I don't know. I should, I should probably start start looking at more musicals. I don't know why. I think for me it's, I don't know, sometimes musicals on like on tv or and movies are so different than seeing them in person. So
yeah, these days it was very difficult to do like zoom musical. Yeah.
yeah, I was going to say I've seen like a lot of zoom like choir performances where people are sitting together but that you can't really interact with somebody else and act a part or a play or any kind of thing with mm remotely so I I don't know, I've seen I have a friend who likes to do improv comedy and so she they did uh they did a zoom performance online. That was it was interesting. I mean they did but it was just very different because they were not in the same physical location obviously.
Yeah.
Um so I was I wasn't also when I was in uh we had we actually had a soprano soprano 2 to 12 I was out one, so I had done uh soprano to before but they needed more auto, so that was what I ended up doing when I was in show choirs.
yeah that's true,
that's true, it goes with you wherever you go, I don't like it, yeah, especially compared to the piano, which I guess or you can have a baby take with you but but yeah my my mom saw as the so my grandmother with my sister and I were learning to play, my grandmother gave us her grand piano, so we have my mom still has that at her house, so
I play it when I go home but I don't know you go often enough to practice often enough to really really on top of things
back. Yeah, yep well I guess it's 2 30 has been I guess it's maybe been long
I think so.
huh.
So the timer starts so my my timer says 34 minutes but it starts from the time that you open the open the page. So um so I opened the page a few minutes early which is why mine says 34 minutes. Yeah
what does yours
say?
weird
how scared.
But it's weird. Yeah that's strange because yeah mine's kept mind has kept going from when I uh when I started.
Yes I am on a Windows device. Are you on the back?
who knows It's really interesting. Yeah
have you done this before this experiment before for
speed
up?
Yes name Sam with me. I did it one other time.
I know it does seem strange to like okay if you want to pay me to talk with somebody hush er
Well, very good. I guess I guess we can go back and do the rest of the survey then. It was nice to meet you and me and
good chatting with you,
Good luck with you with the fall and engineering and whatever you end up deciding to do and hopefully everything works out.
Yes. Yes. Very good. Right. Have a good rest of your day,
Maybe.