Arabic I am Mark. How you doing?
All right. Um Where are you?
We're on the other side of the country. We're in north Carolina over here. What's the weather like there?
I guess we're both kind of working from home part time.
Uh huh. Yeah. Um
Yeah. Alright. Yeah. That's pretty much what we're doing here. What what do you do?
interesting.
My wife actually um she works in the biomed facility where there a few months ago they were actually developing a test for covid every day. Yeah,
I'm
fine.
You
know, I honestly, no, I imagine they didn't put something out. I mean there's
just so many tests out there. It's kind of crazy. Are you do you work for a university or a private lab or what?
Mhm. Are you are you working on specific diseases right now?
on.
Uh huh.
Uh Yeah, She's kind of a biotech person. Um I
just I teach science at a community college. Yeah.
Have great fun.
Well, they have to do them. You have to do the labs face to face. So
there's one section have a section of one class that's actually a full face to face lecture. They offered the online and face to face. And I had maybe 20
go online and 10 go on the face to face course. But like they don't they don't even, you know, a lot of them don't even come most of the time. Most of my kids don't even show up. I don't know why they signed up for the face to face courses. They're not going to come,
but
What?
Mhm.
it's like it seems like they don't want to go down that road because of um I don't know they just they can't really they don't have the budget to lose enrollment numbers for right here too.
Yeah probably a few people. I mean it just depends how how well I really know them. One of my one of my good friends got it back in the beginning and now we have allergy problems or something.
Yeah. Well maybe it's just you know weird thing that's happening but you know it did happen right after he got that. There was
What,
All
right. I mean imagine it's pretty rare but it seems like there's a pretty decent percent of long collars with something weird afterwards, you know?
um um You know there's um There's a group, you know the long collar group that you know have a list of like 50 or 80 things that you have different people. Um I think they have as a result of movement going on. Well, I probably got it could be a different, totally different things. Different person. Okay.
Have a bearing.
Yeah. Um Pfizer and Moderna. No, that's saying their vaccines are gonna work really good.
All right. It sounds like if it's safe, it's a pretty pretty good. Pretty
good.
Right. Yeah. Hopefully continues to work. Somebody I read somewhere somebody brought up the concern that maybe something that could go wrong is like on your you know the second or third time getting at your you know your two or your three that your body will start recognising the M. RNA itself and attack the MRNA before it. Before the spike protein gets made. So,
that's just like one kind of I don't know how how much we should worry about that, but that was just one person concern
that
do it.
But
And
then your your body
you know?
Yeah, like if your body doesn't actually get to make the protein then you know the the immune responses in there. Yeah.
It doesn't sound like that
because.
Uh huh. Um I don't know what I just
heard that little thing.
So what do you do for fun,
you know?
Yeah, makes sense.
Oh yeah, that's it, that's a real good one. And that in golf.
It's just you right right out in the middle of nowhere outside. Yeah.
Yeah, we're in Durham.
but right next to rally here
have
fun enough. We don't we don't we hardly ever eat out of
that would just prefer to cook.
I'm eating beer bread right now and they just yeah, basically just take, you know, put flour and beer together and let it and put it in the up.
Uh huh.
A little baking soda and butter. Actually a lot of butter. You have to help.
Do you have any do you have any favorite stories you like to tell?
No.
Um jeez, I guess not off the top of my head. Uh huh.
I do the physics and Chemistry.
we're giving we're getting the organic chemistry part of the report.
Yeah, I'm trying to make it different from that
one.
Um I just try to figure out, you know, interesting things to talk about. Like um like I know for instance how to say legalize drugs with the main groups, or I take a good 15 minutes to tell the story of how you know talk about how yogurt gets made, try
to tie it. Um.
yeah the sugars um the sugars get metabolized to get oxidized. You got car box silic acid made. That
lowers
the and
that that D I analyzes groups on the proteins in the milk which makes them insoluble. And then they kind of you know crash out of solution, you get chunks and hence yogurt you know.
You know
the polar
waters attracted to the charges protein. Yeah. Do it.
Uh Yeah the bacteria them you know they oxidize the sugars you know the various car back silic acid molecules get made. And uh you know as the sugars get burned up, ties together like you know five or six different chemistry concepts to
understand the whole yogurt process.
Mhm. Yeah. I don't know like what how to really handle classes like because I'm I guess like I'm posting some videos um I don't really want to make everybody come to zoom meetings wow.
was that?
Yeah. I don't I don't I don't remember I kind of remember the swine flu thing but like
I don't like I don't remember it being like I think of a scary thing as I guess there was. Yeah
I saw that you know I watched one episode of the pandemic documentary on netflix and they talked about them. Talk about the five.
Oh
Yeah, I think this is my third or maybe 4th 1.
What are the other people than like?
I've only got one of those. Yeah, I talked to um the guy who was on the Ufo conspiracies and he was making a film about it and uh and he gave me like, you know, the names of Ufo experts to look up and a thing to watch online Black.
And then I talked to a young art student. Uh
this is my first one. I can't remember my first one a while, you know? Yeah,
I can't remember the first. Well
Yeah, it's kind of like uh it's almost
like a fun social
thing if you're not tired of zoom or anything, you know?
Yeah. Do
you usually go usually make it around California? Do you ever go up to like san Fran or is that too far?
Oh
do you think is there any chance that we're gonna split California into two states? Like north California?
South California.
No
it's the way to make it sound it sounds like you know congress just has to decide to do it and then have you know presidents do not want it or something like that.
maybe that's just to add you know um like Puerto rico or Guam or something But
all right.
No I've been all over. Ohio I grew up in Cincinnati, went to college at Ohio State and then graduate school at a bowling green. I've got the great lakes. It was cold up there.
I like that. Yes. Nice I visited there one.
Um Okay twice yeah one time I do go to san Francisco. Yeah. Um
It was really
yeah it was
hilly. Yeah I remember feeling like this is a nice place the whole time you know. All I remember is like you know
this are the giant sequoias,
Come
even
the wine country, end
of wine.
come
on.
here's the story. Uh I was working at a ski slope in Vermont and there were there were kids there teaching from all over, they just you know, you guys from south Korea and couple guys from africa and and Australia, there was a couple Australians and everybody wanted to go do the ball drop. They wanted to see the ball drop in Times Square because they're like this is the perfect thing to do and where America. Uh and and we left, We left Vermont on a train during the middle of the day on the 31st
and we thought we could get close enough to the ball to
see a drop.
we stopped the train in the New York City at about 10:30 p. m. And we got within like 38 blocks of the ball drop is nowhere near like nowhere close
but,
Oh no we were nowhere. No no here
we couldn't get anywhere near.
it
feels
like it's like days before something like that. It must be at least 24 hours. Yeah.
Yes that's a big deal. Yeah.
The new once or twice a year we've had we've had snow days more more years than not. Um
Yeah even sometimes though the threat of snow is enough for them to call uh call up. Yeah but there's no equipment you know it's no removal equipment isn't really the best.
I mean
I guess
people aren't there super afraid of any any bit of ice on the road. Yeah
So even had days when they're like it's going to get down to like 20°F. you know it might you know get some you know something freeze on the roads and like even if it's not supposed to snow they're like let's you know cancel the first half of school tomorrow I guess. I don't know. Is it like that there for you? You guys
are in the south?
Oh.
Yeah. Uh
yeah. Yeah being from Ohio it's like if it's less than 446" it's like uh
care.
Yeah pretty much. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Turn. Oh
and then Vermont them I worked at the ski slopes and they it's like you know it's not all the time up there but they still make their own snow. It's like that's not enough. So they yeah they got the big powers the flat so under
the
yeah something about them it
gets a little bit high pressure.
It must be, yeah, it must be um No, no, no, no. Low pressure. Yeah. Yeah. They have like a low pressure zone and the that helps it to um
to praise. Mhm.
Uh No, I was I was a skin structure. Um it wasn't full time because mostly, you know, it gets busy on the weekends and holidays, but if I wasn't instructing I was um shoot,
I was actually studying physics to get into grad school at that point, but also just scan for fun and doing jumps and tricks on the on the ramp front. Yeah.
Yeah. That's something, man, I tried snowboarding, you know, drop on the butt, but let's not fall over.
Yes, probably. Probably a good idea unless you got good health insurance and your, you know, and you're young teens or twenties or whatever.
Yeah. A couple of friends who who did that crazy jumps all the time in like seven twenties and the off back and stuff and then, you know, they would get their share of broken bones and such and uh
interrupt.
Mhm
that
sounds good. A hot tub that's nice to look after.
yeah, like the snow to the hot,
We
visited Finland and that's like a whole big part of their culture is going in the sauna. It's like, it's like everybody does it like every day. It's like really is I'm going to be important thing. Not today. I felt like we did delivery day. Okay.
Yeah, pretty much anywhere. Seems like a nice place to go.
Okay. Hey, I'm just curious. How old are you?
I'm 40. I decided I really had no idea how old you might be.
Just right. You're just just straight. Yeah.
All right. Well, it looks like our time is up.
yeah,
take care