How are you today?
Well,
I just, you know, I started that the prolific site. Is that where you got your information
from?
I like it too. I've been doing it about 03, four weeks now, something like that.
And uh yeah, I guess just with the, I don't know if you're in quarantine that I am
jim
nice to meet you. I'm eric
to
meet you.
I'm in Illinois, danville Illinois
Pritzker.
Our governor has done a great job I think, you know, he's done very well. You know,
I mean, a lot of people don't really dig some of the things he's done, but I personally, I feel like they've been necessary. You know, I've been kind of hard to swallow, but they've been necessary.
You know,
that sounds very, seems like a very like almost the same path. My, my dad has been gone for you, but my mom diabetes like you say, um some heart trouble in the past. She takes good care of herself, but
would
be a very high risk if she got it. So we've all tried to be very careful unfortunately, or fortunately for her, my sister works in the restaurant industry and has continued to work or went back to work when she could and she has been actually great. She's been carrying a lot of the financial load for us, you know? But
Right. Yeah.
Ready?
you're
fine. It's totally fine, totally. But I completely understand. Yeah, like you said, I mean it's a very frustrating situation and yeah, like you say with
the new normal. Oh, did you see
the dog?
cool. Yeah, she's kind
of a new member of the family,
You know um I was actually see, gosh man, we're like the same guy Um My
dog Just as well pretty recently just a couple of months ago. And I had
had him for 12, 13 years, something like that. And
uh he acted fun story. And I guess since we got a little time to kill, I'll go and tell you if you don't mind.
All
Right. Right. Well, it's a great dog when he was a puppy, he was a rescue, so to speak. I had
moved
into I got my first house by myself and
so it wasn't like a great place because you know, I was trying, you know, just getting started and and I had my dad had actually hired someone as a surprise to help me move. I was actually only moving house one place next door. Like I had lived there with my parents and only needed to move next door when he
hired a guy
to help me. And
I made a joke
and it's probably kind of a bad taste, but I was just trying to joke with the guy, I said, oh you know now all I need is a pit bull and then a 40 sit on my front
porch and you know, and he goes, oh okay. And he laughed, you know, oh all good. Two days later he shows up with this dog with like a bathrobe tie for a leash and the dog just looked like a bag of antlers dude, I mean it was just skin and bones,
just terrible and what was I gonna do? Like turn them down, you know? So I gave him a few bucks for the dog and put the dog in the house and it had nothing to have a dog, you know, except except a fenced in backyard. I did have that. Um so I had to go out and get all that stuff and anyway that was like in late november and so like about a week later it was the coldest
night of the year and I turned on the heater in my house for the first time and my house caught on fire. Yeah,
pretty bad. Like like no more house.
yeah, not very long at all. You know, maybe like a month or two, something like that. It
was
some wild backs, oh
man,
it was awful. But so um the dog came in to my room and I was asleep and he starts jumping up and down on my chest and woke me up and so right there I was like cemented this
dog
is
my buddy forever. Yeah, you know,
so
well
it was actually a rental. So what
what wound up happening is I just they they offered to rebuild it and then let me move back in and I said you know what, I'll just break the lesson, you know find
someplace
else
to go.
I'm sure they had insurance, you know? But
it
was
oh I had already um but as a matter of fact a buddy of mine who was an insurance salesman had already filled out the paperwork and everything but I just hadn't signed or made any payments yet. And as I understood later it was probably still legally enforced in fears but I didn't I'm not the suing type so I didn't go after anybody
but
the owner thought maybe he was dealing with the suing type so he was like oh whatever you wanna do man, you know
what
did you?
Absolutely.
I just
told
them you know just go check everybody else's heater man and I'll be fine. You know, just go
look
at everybody to make sure they're good and I will be fine dude.
The height, he said
the suit.
Hey.
I
tried.
Yeah. Well, you know, you're really probably with Reddit, I'm sure the website Reddit,
bit now.
I'll
look you up man. Um But there was a site advertised on the work from home thread that
said dollar dollars per survey. And I was like, well that's cool.
Hello?
every
time
put in the same info yeah. Just skip
all
that.
I've
heard of it. Haven't checked it out yet.
Is that
was that
a worthwhile one?
No
let
me
hold your hand.
Good.
thank
you.
Thank
you.
All right.
You
know.
I would yeah. I mean I love playing poker so yeah.
That's
Well when I play poker I like to play with people I know especially so you can kind of read them a little bit and I do way better that way than
like you know when
I can't
even see somebody's face or something you know?
Thank
you
for this
moment.
What?
I
would imagine that. Yeah. I hadn't really thought about that one as a as a way to go. There's there's an outfit called Lion Bridge. You ever heard of them?
Good.
Is there a threat
specifically for Lion Bridge?
I'll
have to
check
that out.
I've been thinking about that. Yeah.
Happen
was it happened maybe?
So yeah. Well I'm uh if you can picture like the like picture
Illinois about like
halfway up, but like right on
the border of of Indiana, I'm like five miles
from Indiana.
I could darn near walk to indiana from here.
Indianapolis
is probably
about an hour and then Chicago is probably like an hour and a half, two hours for me.
Mhm. Back and forth. Um I was born not too far from here
and
lived here until I was like six or something, moved to pennsylvania for a couple of years and then Virginia back to Chicago city, the Chicago proper if you will. Um back to Virginia and now back to Illinois. It's been
like
pong ball,
this
is
I for personal growth and well being I would say Illinois
what
brought me to? Well I went to school for web development which
seems like years ago in like 98 99
Actually
I'm
familiar, I'm familiar. Yeah.
I'm
no weddings yeah.
Oh it's taking people down. Yeah, I mean people like you say who are in good health otherwise and
no
it's not a hoax, I mean I understand the appeal of one of
wanting
to believe that.
Yeah, but this is the truth man. Yeah, this is happening you know?
Some people,
Three
Mhm. Yeah it's not as bad as some other places. I mean
it's still it's still bad you know I mean like it's still bad but
that's
yeah, you know that seems to be the way that you know like and I get that you have to I mean you have to balance you know people have to be able to work and all that you know?
But what are you gonna do? You know like
I mean what are we gonna kill a bunch of people so that
I
don't know.
Well
right. You know we're doing what we can do you know? And this this thing is, you know, I'm not
sure what do you think the purpose of this study? I mean I read of course the explanation
about
it, but what are you going to learn from a couple of bucks like you and me sitting there talking about Covid,
you know? Hopefully
something you know?
recognizing.
Yeah about 20 after, yep. Somebody that
Mhm
Have
the next
day.
You're crazy.
academics
are weird man. They, you know, they you
know,
they
they
want to find one little thing and like really learn about which is great. I mean we need that of course but but it may not some of the some of the ideas may not I don't want to say appeal but if you if you if you know what I mean, you know like you just don't occur to you like well how is that important you know? But it turns out to be you know, some of these things
Okay.
we're
gonna
wind up on the label of something somewhere, you know, or some brochure
or
some
demo
or
something.
I understand
that.
But it's an opportunity for
them
to, to
study
this stuff. Yeah.
Mhm. And we're doing our little part, right?
I hope this is one of the good ones. I hope this is one of the good conversations. That's
helpful.
This is my second try. And I was so glad to see you already here. I was like, okay, good. I'm not gonna have to just, you know, not just gonna sit there this time.
I
was gonna and it
didn't occur to me till then I was like, oh, they don't care.
try
to be you don't try to be, you know uh
you're
thinking,
Mhm.
It's unfortunate, you know, But I think you're right, it's kind of hard sometimes two to really even go well should one, you know, like if you can't meet that level for any creature that you're responsible for, there is an issue, you know, you need to try to overcome that, you know?
You
know, I mean like I wouldn't want a dog to go without food or of course a child, you know, and
I wouldn't
want either one, you know,
to
do that,
you
know?
So
there
was
like,
Your
mother
gets,
wasn't
there?
No,
I think I follow,
you know. Yeah, I mean sometimes like I guess the parents can get away with it if that kid turns out to be a strong person but when they don't it's a real tragedy you know like.
No
you're good man. You're good.
You're
not
getting
bit.
really? We can repeat this one.
no
thank you.
Get
out
in
one month.
You
didn't
do that?
That's
dedication man.
That is crazy. Yeah I wouldn't have expected that. Yeah.
I have not heard of that one.
Try
and break it.
The
throw it off the roof test into the pool.
Okay that's a negative right there. No.
that's more than I would have expected. You could do you know?
I've got Robin Hood up.
that's the slices or whatever they're calling
them now. Yeah, exactly.
Good
for you. That's great. That's great.
I got
a buddy who just insists that I need to get into, you know, he's just like, dude, you have to, you
have
to
and
I'm
like
the,
the
referral link or whatever
already
did it. If we've done it. Yeah, we
each got a free stock out of it or whatever. Yeah.
I
cannot stand that threat. I have subscribed and unsubscribed twice and I'm just like,
man, they, they just call everybody autistic and you know, they're just so mean and I'm just like, I can't like, I'm sure there's good information in there, but I don't want to wade
through
all this negativity to get
to
it,
you know?
Now is
the time?
get
to get the one stop. Yeah, I'm taking
what?
What? Come on.
Oh good boy,
I'm a piece of stock. Yeah.
Thanks.
well
that's
how
the rich stay rich man, you know, they can put that money to work.
like
just trying to scrape it together but you know like uh there's definitely a ramp up time, you know like
uh starting out,
you know like I say 3, 3.5 weeks
ago and I've made what, 38 Euros or pounds, whatever it is through them, I'm not
about $45, something
like
that.
okay.
I should
know by now but
I
I
think it's actually $15 so whatever.
Yeah. Yeah yeah because
it would be like 22 or you know, you'd be more
but
But I I can't recommend sticking with my I guess I've had good luck. The lion bridge. I applied for two things and I got accepted for the first one which was
for
$50. You know, it was a $50 project and it took me, they said, Oh it's going to take you two hours, took me like 45 minutes.
sometimes
they
don't
want
to realize.
It almost always are, almost never takes as long as they estimate. I think they really
over.
Yeah.
I've been I got one finished and the other one is an actual like $14 an hour raider job
I think,
And it's it's like 10-20 hours a week, they say, although I've seen some people say not always, you know, you don't always get that, but and they send you like some examples of the work that you'll be doing, that you'd be doing, and it's not work. It's really easy.
If the examples were, you know, a true example and if I don't know if you have an aversion to this, but I think you're probably better off if you say, well, yeah, I'll take the controversial content or the adult content to, you know, and like, whether or not you consume that and I'm not asking none of my business. But at least if you if you say that you're willing to be subjected to it, you're probably gonna have a higher chance of being accepted, you know?
What's the
reason?
Trying
to get
that.
who
cares.
It's like, I'll take a shower and wash the getaway, you know? Who
cares?
I
don't
care.
Not
my thing. If it's yours, go for it, You know,
whatever
I'm doing my part for my brows, you know?
Fuck.
No, not at all. Well, the past few few years, um, I was a waiter because
it just
paid so well, but I'm a chef by trade. That's what I,
I
don't think
I don't think I'm going back, man. I mean, because there's, there's another threat tales, tales from the server and then like kitchen confidential on Reddit and, and of course here and from my sister with that game has just changed
so much. Just, it's just not worth it. Like they're, you know, people aren't
showing
up for work and then they still expect you to operate at a high level and you're just being asked to do so much
more than before.
This
is
Oh, like I, once
in my career have had what we what we called and I hated this guy, I hated these guys, but then when I was I was that
guy, I was like, well maybe
okay, I see why people do, but like the clipboard chef,
you just walk around, are you doing this okay? You doing that alright, cool, I'll be in the office, you know? Uh I'm not cutting onions today, you
know, or
whatever.
there
were
times,
you know,
try
to again, you try to but sometimes it's a very stressful job, you know, I mean,
and
you got to be able to step in if somebody doesn't show up, you know?
So you
got to know every station in the kitchen and every menu item, which hopefully
is cool because you created it, you know, if you're really the chef, you would know,
but
uh it's just way different now, you
know?
back,
thank
you,
I
just ran out of paper plates last night and I'm bumming man, I'm bummed like, you
know, like, like
I
said, I'll
just put a sandwich on a paper towel,
is that is that okay?
Yeah,
Yeah, or just over the sake out of your hand, you know, just
well, I'll tell you working in the kitchen, you will find yourself eating over a sink out of, you know, like some kind of to go where, you know, more often than not, you know?
No,
no, not
at all.
I'm eric tim right,
I will hit you up, man. Yeah, I'll look
for you,
youtube.
Yeah, yeah, thanks for making it enjoyable, man. You
absolutely
take care
now