I think. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Mhm. But Uh huh. Right. Uh huh. Yeah. Right. Do you have, wow. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. What? Uh huh. Mhm. What mm. Okay. Yeah. Right. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. All right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. True. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Nothing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Okay. All right. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh, the changes? Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. No. Yeah. No. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Prison. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah mm. Good. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Right mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Are we going
I'm doing fine.
What brings you what what brought you to the survey if you don't mind me asking?
it's a good
site. It's a really good sight.
Me too.
Yeah we are. Um where are you from?
If you know what's your name? I'm tim by the way
pleasure to meet you. Pleasure to meet you. Where are
you from?
If you don't let me ask you
got you. I'm out in California. Were well at least you guys are doing good um in terms of controlling
the virus spread from what I hear. Um
for
I know
I know I know what you mean. A lot of my friends are going crazy that like I've been stuck all day you know I need to go outside and I'm you know me and my wife we have to quarantine where we ended up housing my parents, older parents. So there you know, they suffer from diabetes and you know high blood pressure and all the high risk factors. If they were to catch covid they'd be at high risk, you know, it would be a high risk situation. So it's just kind of like you know, I haven't left the house since March. Amazingly enough, we've been doing everything um through uh you know through delivery, I'm just doing a whole bunch of surveys. Then I found prolific and then now where you're talking kind of cool, I'm not sure if you're kind of in the same boat like.
Good
to hear.
It it's nuts man. Um It's funny because my older sister is doing the same thing to so my wife, she has agora phobia and she hasn't had worked in two years. So when the pandemic hit there was no way for her to get unemployment as well. So we were just like oh shit you know um
same with me, you know my situation but my sister has been uh delivering groceries to us and doing stuff and also my my wife's uh side of the family, her older cousins are dropping by giving us extra food as well when they have it. And um yeah this is a tough situation man, it's new,
you know and and uh just thinking about like people are calling it the new normal, it really is and if you can't accept that you're going to get fucked, excuse my language,
you're gonna get fucked.
pregnant.
about
that, I just my dog passed three years ago so I always appreciate dog folks and things like that. But mm.
Well
oh that's cool. Uh did you get her from uh you know I'm like oh my god I'm so like I have black asleep right now but brain fog. But um did you get her from the pound or did you get her from uh what is it volunteer? You know where they have dogs on the shelter?
Crazy.
man.
Us
Yeah first thing we have time that we've got
like 25 minutes I mean I could go on like if I have an interesting conversation I'm good you know what I mean?
That's
it
thank you.
appreciate
it.
Just
so
no.
but the whole
Got you.
Oh shit like like bed or?
and that you've only been in the house for like less than a year right at that time? Both.
that's
like
in
it.
saved
your
life.
your
life. So what happened to you, I mean did you have
insurance if you don't mind me asking me things like that?
you, got you.
they're
probably
you
probably did them a favor like we got a new house because they probably had.
but
that's
kind of cool that they offered it to you. At least they're not like oh it's your fault or you know anything like that you have to get renter's insurance for sure.
First
day
just
make
you just want to be on your good side, make
sure you were going to school or anything like that, but
then this
week
Just make
shit
because that's kind of scary man, that could have been life, but at least your dog safety. Holy shit man. I like
no I
I'd just be worried about that stuff, but yeah, no, I totally feel that um Besides prolific, like so like have you been doing
like um a lot of survey sites and paid sites and stuff like that
because I
can kind of, you might incite to, but like there's so much going on now.
you're ready or two. Oh,
young Turk, a young Turk 80 to uh find me on their uh yeah, no doubt felt for sure. We
gotta connect on there too. That'd be cool.
I'm on that thread.
So
prolific is insane. I like prolific because you don't have to you don't have to pass you, the screener is done, you know what I mean? So you're not worried about, oh, I gotta waste three minutes doing this shit and then not get anything for it at least. So
I
don't know.
I don't
know
if you look at what flag bucks, but they do the same thing where what's cool about it is if you go through a screener they pay you 2345 swag bucks which is like five cents. Each flag buck is usually a cent. But what's cool about that is uh you know at least you take a screen and they pay you something so you're not just doing it in pain or like wasting time but still in my opinion not worth it and then um I don't know if you do Turkey as well
and Turkey.
It's
not
bad.
Yeah it's not bad. You just have to a tip like I guess word to the wise um make sure you run scripts, that's the that's the key to make a lot more money or a lot more. When you run scripts you could you could you could kind of um navigated
a little more effectively, meaning you can keep track of your our hourly rates. So when you're doing a task you can be like, okay is
this
task
worth doing instead of say just one, you can do like 10 if they
have
the batch
is going? Um
So
there's a lot of things you can do and if you take surveys on their, you know, once again I'd say don't take a survey that's less than 50 cents. Um mturk
So I was doing it for about four weeks and I didn't gain that much money compared to another site that I use which is click worker. Good worker is pretty cool. So you can yeah you can just sit
there and do things
and um I don't know if you're into it, but I also play poker as well. Online poker.
that's where I've been. I've been just playing the free rolls and I've been building up a bank roll like little by little. It's so hard on there though. There's so many
damn people that are good. Like they know it sucks, it's like walking in a landmine field, you've got to get to the other side.
for
Because
you
oh dude, it's a whole different ballgame like that's what I'm used to now um in person, I'm okay because I like I like just kind of just betting. I
like my
putting
out
betting patterns or not. But I guess depending on like,
like I've read a lot of literature like literature on poker and used to read the magazines and stuff like that all the time. But it's really fucking hard these days because everyone, you know with the work, everyone stuck at home now with the pandemic. So everyone is trying to make a living off of that shit now like it's
it's in spain
I've actually um I applied to like I keep getting rejected left and right I'm applying and
the funny part is like, hey you know I graduated from college, I have my B. A. Or whatnot and I'm still getting rejected and a lot of people on the line bridge, are you on the red one? The reddit thread?
Good.
I think
so.
they
have
yeah so they were talking about how you know one guy he so he's a geographer and that's what he used to do and um he's retired and he's just trying to make some extra money and he was saying you know I have a degree I'm a PhD in it, I have this and I'm still getting rejected for maps. And he was just like I don't know what to do here. So Lion Bridge is kind of like you're there you know what I mean? There's also another one where you could uh I I got my T. Soul. What is a. T. E. S. O. L. Certificate where you can teach english english as a second language. So
yeah and so I did that and it's uh like I've applied to every single pal talk you know magic ears. You know all the uh uh Cambly uh you know all the main ones. Uh There was another one oh my God off the top of my head uh
What's up
happened was another money. Yeah but happen we can't do it in California. Apparently there's a there's a law in California that's not allowing us to get on the app and like the mapping software which is weird but if you're in Chicago I'm pretty sure it will work for you or like Chicago Illinois's area. Right? You know what I'm asking?
What?
No
Springfield
got
you, got you got you
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No no no no I got you I got you. That's pretty cool though. So closer to Indianapolis probably
then say
I'll go
so you smack that right in the middle. I got you. Cool cool cool. If you don't mind me asking, have you lived there your whole life,
don't
you?
Which
out of
I feel you, out of all the states, which one did you kind of
have?
I get? I guess I'm pretty sure you have good you had good experiences in all States. But which one overall would you say you like? You like the most so far?
that you
that you
got you?
Yeah. Same thing with my brother. I mean, I graduated in what? 2000 from high school in 2000 and went to school. I did some web development stuff, but I didn't know what the hell I was going to do. So it took, I took that 10 year, you know,
six years in community college, four years. And you
know,
hey, you know what I'm saying? And so I was just like, all right, cool. The whole time I was making music and, and then I developed a love for photography. So I started doing that a little bit. And um, I was actually getting paid a lot more for photography, started shooting weddings. And that's what I did. Then this pandemic hit, like, it's insane. Um So work has just been like, you know, no wedding. So I'm
trying to
Yeah man, it's crazy. And I'm trying to, like, diversified and like, do more portraiture stuff and, you know, especially with my parents staying with us, like, right now, and we're living with them, you know what I'm saying? It's I'm not trying to take a risk and you know, my cousin, Covid, and he was just like, this shit is a bitch. He's all my kidney was hurting. I went to the emergency room twice and I'm like, Oh my God, and he's only 45, you know? And he's pretty well, he's in shape and that's what's scary, you know what I mean? Um
it's nuts, bro. And then, and then my brother is talking to me like, this is a hoax. I'm like,
boys,
I
do
I'm a truther, I'm a truther but it's not a hoax.
This is nuts man. Yeah. No I know Chicago was getting hit like immediately. I have a friend out in um in downtown and then I have another friend who lives kind of the outskirts so it's people I made music with and then one of my other friends was um high fashion bottle I shot. So she lives in Chicago and she was saying it's so quiet. Um She she when when in March and april all she kept hearing with sirens you know and automatically we you're thinking the sirens are for emergency room transport and things like that. But um I heard it's pretty controlled,
it's getting under control in in in the north northeast and the Great Lakes region.
That's what I heard
in California.
Yeah because all it takes is just one person to have a superspreading event and it just put, you know, pinballs from there in this. But um, you know, California, we've had it really, I mean, it leveled off in the beginning and now we're just, you know, and, and now it's leveling leveling off again. But Gavin Gavin Newsom or governors just kind of like, you can't close down again because there's too much, there's so many corporations in his pocket, there's no fucking way he's going to close down.
So
Well,
no,
that's what's going
to happen
and that's that's the fucked up part. And that's why I that's why I guess we found each other and we're trying to say, say,
you know what I mean?
I
I'm
wondering,
I don't
know. But
I know that's what I hope, that's what I hope to, I think what it is is um so I did something similar on crazy on mturk. So they have this thing where you do a random survey, right? And you you might be able to catch them usually. You could usually catch it in the early afternoon.
So for you would be your two hours ahead of California, five, your five PM right now, right?
it would be around between this time and about seven p.m. So what happens is there's this one um They call them, what the fuck are they called? They're called requesters. So these requesters, they give out tests to people like you and me who are willing to were called tucker's. I'm pretty sure you're familiar with the term or you check that out anyways. Um
What happens is this one task at the trip, You're partnered up with somebody who's random from across wherever the fuck the world, you know, it could be the United States as well. But
what happens
is
one of you has given a picture and you just kinda have to pretend like you've known each other for a while. So you type it's almost like texting. So what happens is you tie up in text and whatnot. And so they that study it specifically said it wanted to see how well natural conversations occurred between people who don't know each other. All right. Who and who could pretend like, you know, this is a normal day or whatever. And so what happened was what I read and I was trying to research more on what the study was just for my own, you know, information. Um what I read and what people were saying on on Reddit was that they were just trying to see how different society
because, you know, they have R. I. P. Addresses so they know where we're at and where we're from. You know, if we are culture and you know, of course California and Chicago are relatively different but were relatively the same because we're in the Bay Area. So they want to know how we react to each other in different States or different parts of the country. So I noticed when I was doing it, I was having easy time talking to people from the United States and I was just like, hey where are you from? What are you doing? You know, I'd say shit like that. People from the United States would respond, oh whatever. People from other countries aren't as open with text, but they're much more open in person. That's what I think it's some social study, you know what I mean? Generally. Yes.
So
you
know what
I'm talking about,
you know?
I know. And I'm trying to figure out like how that's important. I don't think I think it's important um in and uh you know, the information that they do gather could be important in possibly like uh you know, healthcare studies, sociological, you know, um things like that. It could even be important and um uh maybe
like a long shot, but maybe in sales and marketing, who knows? Like they can probably say, I mean for sure they're going to sell this information. Um It's just you know what I'm
saying or at least
presented
Or
that's
what I'm saying
or presented
to
the panel or do something. Yeah. So it's just it's kind of interesting like this is it's a straight up, I don't know
man, like I
have my little conspiracy theories about the virus and everything, but this is a straight up sociological fucking um experiment going on a large one, a mass scale. See how we all, in my opinion. I mean, it's not necessarily experiment because we're all going through some real shit but
an
opportunity
to study
it.
And so I think that a lot of people are trying to cash into that, and I think this is like, what we're doing right now would be that either cash in or or at least understand, you know, um presented, you know, help help better society and and and the world in the future. I'm hoping that's what it's for, honestly, because
we're doing a little part, you know, they were part of hope. I hope whoever he hears us talking.
no,
I heard I heard you could also uh so have you were you successful your first time when you were doing this or or did the person not show up or?
Yeah, I know my my my whole house is a mess. I had to throw this up
right here and I was like, oh
no,
no, no, no, I got to see your dog. I'm all good. Like uh right. Dude, animals to me, it's always like you have an animal, you're a decent human being, you know, it's
automatic to me. Automatic.
No, no, no, of course, of course we all try, you know what I'm saying? But like in order to care for an animal, it's just like, you know, it's a hard thing
to do.
Like here's the fucked up part. I don't know if you agree with me or not, but I feel like people who have animals, um
animal is much more in need than say another human beings. So say like you have Children, not babies but Children, I feel like people take care of animals better than they do Children's design, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah for sure.
For
You have
to.
I
mean
and
that's
what I
mean and I think that's um it's I mean I'm not saying it's
fucked
up because
of course animals would need it too, but
it's kind
of fucked up
that
you
know you see some parents they would neglect their Children at the same time, they would take care of a dog a little more than they with their child. Like it's crazy. I actually seen that one time and that was just totally offended by it like when I was a kid, one of my friends, you know his parents treated him like shit, but then you know, they would have the dog and the older brother and you know, I was just like what the fuck, this is crazy. But he grew up and he just really he did his own thing, you know? I guess it all depends on the person. I don't know. I feel like it's
also
of.
man, it's crazy. It's nuts. It's nuts. But yeah, it's crazy I guess. I don't know, it's just it's just thinking about the situations or whatnot. But I heard, okay so off topic again. Bad,
I go on
topics. But yeah, I heard that the study they they said you can sign it
again
and do
it again. So this is kind of cool,
gives us the opportunity or not like talk to people.
Yeah, that's what it says, It says, it says there's one more, they're trying to do one more uh mid august I think that's what they said, So
it's
cool one. Um and what I read on Reddit was this one guy dude, there's this one guy who made $500 on prolific
Insane in
one month in
one month
and one month. So what he said, he did was he basically, so he did that and he would keep all his pop ups on his computer screen and he would just do eight hour days and literally take a break, you know, wake up like in the morning, go through the whole day and then maybe sometimes in the evening if he has enough energy and he would just keep all these pop ups and he would see if their studies that pop up. Um he did it for mturk. And so he was constantly working on something consistently the whole day, There was always some work to do. And
so
he was generating
a lot. This guy uh if I could show you his reddit thing, but he made about $8,000 just doing all kinds of different things every month just on the computer. Because he was like, well
work.
Yeah, he basically said work for load him. So he got unemployment, he's like, I'm bored and he's like he had money but he was just like, I'm bored, I'm just gonna. And he did, he experimented with it to see how much money you can make. He's like, wow, this is crazy.
you can literally make a 400 something on this. And then there's another really good one called The Scout. I don't know if you've heard of that,
but the Scout, it's a user testing site. So basically you get recorded and your user test websites and and software. And in some cases they'll send you a product and then you use the testing you you get I know for lack of a better word, you fuck with it, you know
what I'm saying,
Yeah you're like okay this is cool. And then you you're you're you're trying to thought, you know like iphone oh iphone okay cool. And then bang it on shit. You know this is cool. I like the touch screen you know
all.
Oh I guess it didn't survive.
don't put up. But basically you get paid. Uh and the guy said you get paid at least $5 if you do like 20 minute ones and then you get paid even more. So he was saying that he got paid almost. Well I seen I seen his his like his uh what's it called? His list but he said he got paid around uh It was somewhere around $500 and $800 that month. So
I know there's a lot of shit, there's a lot of shit. And so me in my head, I'm just thinking, okay cool. Like I want to start a podcast, I want to do this. You know like, I don't know if you've ever heard of Robin Hood as well. But um
yeah, I got Robin just been putting stuff little by little into there and then they finally got fractional shares. So fractional shares.
Dude.
I literally, I've just been on Robin Hood for a year. I think you have to be on for a year. I don't know everybody gets it at different times but I finally got it. And so what I did was I started buying stock in like Tesla and amazon and everything in my stocks have just been going up.
So I'm just like, this is cool.
Robin Hood straight up. It's a good little platform to just have extra shit. You know what I mean?
I'm just,
hey,
you're,
and
he's
gonna
ask you, he's going to ask you straight up to use his, uh, what's it called? His um, oh my God, he's
going to give you, he's going to give you, uh,
basically,
yeah, yeah, for sure. For sure. And use it, use it will actually give you a free, um, it'll give you a free, uh,
you know, to,
you know what I'm saying?
Another tip is don't use the reddit thread for penny stocks. Robin Hood because I lost a lot of money trying
to follow them.
Peter.
you
did.
It's
too
much
information honestly and it's hard to kind of, you know, especially like because I'm not, I'm just a casual finance, you know that's not like really my passion. I want to know more obviously because it deals with money. I'm trying to learn as much as possible. So
all
I know yeah and all I know is fractional shares, this kind of a savior and that because I don't have to worry about penny stocks. So basically you can invest like You know $5 in Amazon without having to pay their $320 stock, you
know?
Dude. And so it's pretty cool and then Berkshire Hathaway the most
expensive stock in the world, which is like $300,000
for one, right?
Yeah. I bought like $20 and I have like .000028.
Yeah. Going crazy shit. Is it's
gone up $5 on that shit. You know what I'm saying? Something like if I had $300,000 I would have made $28,000 in a week. And I'm like time
to
get our
program.
And that's why and that's why you know they didn't pass the whole the whole what's called the unemployment benefits bill. The P. O. A. Pandemic unemployment. Yeah they can just sit there. They could just sit there and fucking chill. And here we are like okay one penny a task. You know what I'm saying like?
But
Perfect.
Well
no
I'm saying
I
made
my I made less than that three week period I think I made uh So
I'm at 12 something pounds and then I made £21. So what is that like 33 32. So yeah
when
do
we hear? Do we get £15
for this?
Give me a cool in pounds.
Hi.
we
get like I think Yeah we get we get like what, 17 cents for every dollar or some shit. So that is what it is.
that's all you
need.
Yeah, no that's all you need and that's what I heard uh like if
you run out of projects there, that's where enter comes
in
because
mturk
is constantly churning out those little micro tests. So like you do the $50 project on line bridge, right? Um You can go to enter do similar, similar things that make almost as much and I'm pretty sure you get through those tests really fast, you know what I mean?
just
giving you like the higher end. Yeah, for sure. And so um click workers the same way it does the same thing. Um So yeah it's always consistent work in those places. So um
I would you suggest just keep applying the line bridge Like just keep like you applied the two and you already got accepted.
wow. That's what's
up.
It's basically like monkey business, right? You're just like oh but this year. But that.
Okay. No I did that, I did that for sure. Um I did that with turkey, click worker
actually
click worker. Um Got me on that and then you know
like I'm
heterosexual
and then they were like it was gay porn after gay porn after gay porn like whatever, whatever you know they
get paid for this
shit.
I'm actually
like
my head
I got
a lot of it is what it
is, you know what I mean?
helping
you guys find it a little easier.
yeah, literally that and then once at all would be straight for it and then you know, I feel like okay, go click click whatever. Like I was so desensitized to that shit, but it's like, you know, it's totally like, hey man, I'm getting money. That's, you know, at least in this situation with what's going on, that's all that matters. So um if you don't mind me asking, I know we're over time but this conversation is cool. Just one more thing. Um um Okay, so if the pandemic wasn't
hitting um what do you usually normally do for for more money? I'll just say money because work money, whatever income, if you don't mind me asking,
Got
you.
you don't want to do that so bad.
Is it worth
it?
It's
They
were
Without
the personnel, Yeah. I imagine that's insane. Without the extra personnel that you're supposed to have like eating your light, your sushi chefs to cut off this and do this
and
it's gonna take you. Yeah, I can't imagine. Dude, that sucks
or
What?
No,
or?
I
know
you. Did you enjoy doing that when you were when you were the clipboard chef? Did you enjoy
doing that or?
And
I bet you,
yeah. No, no, no. Eventually you treated people like chill, you know what I'm saying? Because you knew what it was like
to be subjective.
I imagine. I imagine. I imagine that's
crazy.
No,
because
that's what I'm saying.
yeah, yeah, Yeah, for sure
because
that's what
I heard and it's just the pandemic just changed the game. Um And what I heard like before the pandemic, that's literally what I felt back on it, just being a waiter and maybe just trying to be a chef, you know local restaurant or something. Which is I always find cooking like fun, you know what I'm
saying? I'm just getting so tired of cooking for myself now because
that's
all I do. I'm watching the fucking dishes. Me and my wife was just like, oh my god we got to do this, you know we got to watch my mom and dad's dishes
to it felt like that it's huge.
we
barely
have
it.
Get on.
I tried to eat, I forgot the other day I tried to eat. Uh
I tried to eat. Uh not lasagna was something, it was a salad on like a paper towel. Because anyone else intention, I mean,
Just like I want to cut that part out of my life and I just do this part,
being a chef is not as glamorous as people say. I
feel it, man.
All
right. Shit, man. What was your name again?
I'm I'm tim So, yeah, If you ever find me on Reddit Young turk 82 young spelt Y UNG turk spelled T U RK 82 on
Eric
partner,
you know, thank you for getting paid for. This is awesome.
For sure, man. You too. Thank you for making enjoyable for me, too. And give your dog a pet for me.
It's a pleasure. No.
All