hi, I'm gone.
Uh, not bad.
I did this yesterday and nobody showed up.
Saying then, uh, yeah, I don't know. For some reason it took forever to get this thing to actually work today, but yeah.
Have
you done
it before?
Wow, What an interesting. Well, it must not be bad then.
Random. So where like, where in the world are you? No. Nice.
I
am
Alaska.
sort of, my dad was in the military when I was a kid. We moved around a lot. We moved here when I was five weeks old. So I've spent a lot of time in Alaska and then we moved away for a while and came back and so I've been here since I graduated college.
Um, there's people in Alaska or I guess kind of now kids are from here, but like there's a lot of, a lot of anybody that's older than me is basically from somewhere else.
no,
most of the time it's I mean there was like frost on the roof this morning and my neighbors still have frost on their roof, so it's you know, I mean it's like 70° and sunny everywhere else in the country and its like winter is right around the corner which I'm a little bit, I'm not prepared for that,
that's still
warmer than it is here.
And
I'm a friend of mine who's from, she's from somewhere outside of philadelphia at some small farming community and she just got home To Alaska from visiting her family back there like three nights ago and yeah she's like oh it's all sunshine and it's still hot and all of that. Got
What?
no there's snow in the mountains um Yeah.
Yeah, I mean well so I'm in Anchorage that's like we're anchorages like half the population of the state, like. No exaggeration,
thanks. Oh
all sorts of stuff. Um Yeah hold yeah whole bunch of stuff.
Well based on my bookshelf, most of my books have to do with ships or sailing or there's some maritime theme. Um
I do, yeah.
you're missing out. It's awesome.
there
um so actually there's one of my favorite books is called The Last grain Race. Um And so the ship through these sailing ships is kind of the end of like windjammers and like big sailing ships. Um These guys would sail from europe south through the atlantic ocean to you know south of africa and then sail west to Australia, pick up a cargo of grain and then they leave you know, europe in the fall, get to Australia and like january february, you know, which is summer down there, they would pick up the wheat harvest and then sail it back to europe, Going west again, you know around south America and then back north up the atlantic ocean. Uh eric Newby a lot of books he's uh what was his famous book? Slowly Down the Ganges? Um He took a trip down the Ganges River like in the sixties maybe. Anyways he quit an ad agency and took a job on the sailing ship and made this trip to Australia. Mm It was like 1938, was kind of the last year they did it, World War II broke out and like that all you know ruined all that. But so the ship in the book, the book is called The Last grain Race and I'm in the middle of reading it again um
like you know it's pretty awesome you know I've read it several times, but the ship in the book is the most zulu is a restaurant downtown in philadelphia.
And you are your reader?
What
scared
me? Or a favorite book?
What?
Can be for sure.
No.
Well the worst. Thanks.
Yeah, he's his Shakespeare's a little dense.
Mark Twain's fantastic. There's Mark Twain in that book shelf back there
one.
What the hell? What was the book called? It's on the bookshop somewhere. So he was a river pilot on the Mississippi River. Uh and he wrote a book about being a river pilot, which is fantastic. That's another book I've read multiple times. Uh
like I think it's Life on the Mississippi is the name of the book.
That's awesome.
How
were
how did That's great. So cool. I love old books. Have very
few.
But
Killing Mayor. Um Yeah, just having a conversation about like, I mean, so I'll turn 40 next year, which is like, I don't feel, I still feel like I'm 25. I like try, you know, sailed on the ship. We had a group of sea cadets on the ship and this is a few years ago. They were all born. They were like, it was 2015 and they were all 16 years old. So they were born in 1999, which is the year I graduated high school and none of them remember 9 11 because they were too, and then they say shit like yeah, it's weird. Like why do you call it hanging up the phone when you just push a button
and just get away from me, not
me.
We're
what?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I was in college like I was sitting in class in college and I was like, oh, plane hit the World trade tower. So I went to school in massachusetts and so we, you know, like planes left from two of the planes that crashed, left Logan airport and like, that was a little weird. Um, you know, it's just, it's weird. It's something that like, I don't know, big of a world event is just like something that people are like, uh,
yeah, conspiracy. There is so weird. Um, anything can be a conspiracy theory now. Something just, I guess it's been a few years ago. Some guy is a moon landing conspiracy theorists.
He was yelling at Buzz Aldrin.
like you're still a badass.
That shit is like, yeah, yelling out into like swear on a bible and he called him a liar and a coward ***, you got punched in the face awesome. Like usually condone physical violence but like you kind of had that one coming
Well and that's just, I mean the guys went 70's so he's gotta be old. Like how old is he? He's
got
to be way old now, 80 more, 90.
I don't even know.
like that's just like harassing an old man like that's just a dick
move, let alone, you know like it's fucking buzz Aldrin
and
above all brain.
that's old,
true.
Yeah. My grandpa just turned 90 this year which is like weird.
He's still going strong which is, you know, lives at home with my grandmother, which is probably more
of a challenge
than anything. Yeah.
Uh they are, yeah, they're in a little town called Kina is about a 2-hour drive from here.
close enough,
Yeah. So my mom's parents are both still alive. My dad's parents are both passed but my grandpa was, he was just shy of 90, like a month shy of 90 when he passed.
Well I used to
anymore.
Yeah. Yeah, a lot of travel for work and for fun. Um you used to anyways, I don't know like
I just, I just got back from Seattle a couple of days ago. It was just, it was there for a week for some work stuff training and tests and then this like that was the first time I've really gone anywhere since this whole thing happened. And it's like it's weird like everything shut down all like restaurants, bars, like everything is either closed or like three people out. It's like, oh this isn't even fun anymore, you know?
so
the whole
time is weird.
Yeah my niece is 2.5 now and I haven't seen her since february.
it's like well so we're getting together for thanksgiving like pandemic people want, you know
man, I don't know, I live on my own and I'm pretty like so I'm not working so I don't interact with that many people right now so it's kind of nice.
I know
because.
and everybody's, so I worked for the ferry system up here um is my main job and that's you know sort of like loading a bunch of people onto a ship and like taking them places just maybe not the best, you know, it's like you have to wear a mask on the ship and you know those, I kicked the last time I was at work, I kicked two people off because they, you know, refused.
I mean, I don't like doing it, but it's like, well, you know, just because one person wants to be a jerk and like because
they feel slightly inconvenienced, like there's, you know, You know, the other 80 people or whatever that are on the ship, they're doing the right thing. Like you're protecting them. Like it's not fair to them that like one person wants to be a jerk and not do their part.
Sometimes one guy was competitive, the other guy was a complete asshole until I told him I was kicking him off the ship and then he was really sorry and like I was, by the time it got to me, he'd been talked to multiple times, not like, you know, I'm just showing up being, you know, I was like, you know, you were a jerk and you've given multiple opportunities to do the right thing and you're being a jerk and now you're sorry because you know, the only reason you're sorry is because you have to face consequences for your actions. So
like you can pay Alaska Airlines to fly you wherever you're going.
I mean that's everywhere. You know, some people were a bit and some people are not so nice.
Yeah, Like whatever. You know, I don't feel bad for him. It's like, yeah,
it's stressful. But like that's not an excuse to be a jerk to people.
Yeah, Well nobody's faced this before.
Well we all do, man. What would be like 6, 7 months in seven months?
All
heart.
It kind of does. I don't know. I guess this is like it almost is starting to feel normal a little bit.
Early voting in Alaska starts on monday. So I'm going to go vote on monday and then and then I can just ignore it. Hopefully. I mean you can't really ignore it but like at least all done my bit and then
care.
This
is
this is martin.
It will be nice when it's over the last last presidential election. Speaking of traveling, I it was like Tuesday afternoon is this afternoon in Alaska when everything like, you know, started just like, oh this isn't gonna go the way we thought it was going to go.
Lot of juan words. I got in a taxi cab. I went to the airport to go on a trip to cuba, which I'm not planned. Like I mean I plan the trip. It just worked out that way. But this is a really good time to go to a country with limited internet access
for a week.
I mean yeah at this point I've everybody
My grandfather never says anything mean about anybody. Um He's ridiculous like he's ridiculously nice to the people that don't deserve like back agent. He's I've seen him get up and leave the room when like a tampon commercial comes on tv it is like hilarious and sweet and whatever like he had like pretty um So there you go places on this ship like we're in kodiak, there's a cannery right next door and so you can go by whatever their processing you can buy it for pretty cheap. He really wanted crab so I went and bought a £50 box of crab and it was like stopped on. I drive past keen on my way home from work so I stopped and like you know we broke apart this box crab so they could have some, my cousin lives here in Anchorage like her and her family got a bunch this big crab dinner and uh sitting chatting with grandpa for a while and he called donald trump an oath
very accurate and possibly the nicest thing anyone's said about him any time recently
there, right
on the same way of like, yeah,
oh God, he'd be entertaining if there weren't consequences attached to his actions. No.
yeah. I'm sarah my friend from outside of philadelphia, her parents both really love donald trump like love love and just like, I don't get it there super right wing. Um it's something connected to their church, which I think is a weird like
I don't
understand that.
I,
I don't think they're catholic. I don't know, I didn't
ask.
I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I
just,
I don't know, it doesn't make sense to me
but I don't know. Whatever you do do you travel
are quite
announced,
no real.
If
you
if you could go somewhere where would you go?
Ireland is a delightful place
and
you can go there now. We're not even banned from the marvel
after having gotten on an airplane. I was like pretty like you know, I was like I really want to do this. The The plane was not bad, the worst part of it. I would not take as I took the light rail in Seattle goes to the airport which is like $3 as opposed to like $40 if you take a uber lift. So I was like, I'll just take the light rail. You know like that was a mistake. I wouldn't do that again. I'd spring for the spring Uber or lift because it's just like people everywhere like having smart wear masks. It's like we're all in like a pretty confined space and there's not. But yeah, the plane was like split up, you know, they're they're blocking out middle seats.
Not
that the plane was like the least like pandemic part of the whole process, which I was pretty surprised about.
Uh top three places that I would love to go, Morocco. I would love to go to like the Middle east, like Israel Jordan Egypt. Um Turkey, I would go there. Bhutan. I'd love to go.
work. Probably not. Unless I tried really hard. My job in the ferry system definitely won't um you know, that's like all here in Alaska down to Washington state. But yeah, I travel for a volunteer on like old sailing ships um which
I was in philadelphia 2015. I picked up a ship there, we sailed up the east coast to nova Scotia. Uh Yeah, so it's like, I mean it's possible like I could end up there for like a work slash volunteer related thing but not, I don't see that happening anytime soon, so I'll probably just be for fun.
Everything
Well
having
grids of fun things with some disposable income and no Children. Yeah.
Yeah, I was shocked like I can't believe how expensive it's gotten even since I went. Mhm.
I don't understand how people afford that.
That's still a lot of money.
So much money.
crazy.
Yeah. I can't ever lived in small towns like my whole life um You know as a kid anyways, so I don't really have that experience.
It's a different.
I had
magic wand. It would be awesome to have a house somewhere like with land and space and a big garden and then have a condo in a really awesome city. So you could like have the best of both worlds.
no.
Uh No I had a dog for a long time but she passed away a couple years ago unfortunately.
Yeah Happens better
for
just shy of 11 years.
She was a mutt of some sort.
big ridge back boxer. Seems to be the leading theory as to her origins.
Yeah she was incredibly smart, very stubborn. She's a good dog. I miss her.
Well.
But
that's oh
my dog, she wouldn't swim, she was like pretty like queen and so she's not so much for the floating but she would wait a lot but if it was raining she wouldn't like she would go outside the P. But stay like right next to the house under the eat and then like P. And then come right back in just
like you need a
ridiculous
Well.
Well really?
Apparently. Holy hell.
ha.
That's
crazy.
How big is it?
I will.
I had no idea they live that long wow
trap.
I had no idea. That was the thing.
No.
Ha.
Easy.
Easy, easy. Well it's been a pleasure chatting.
I'm Brett
All right. Have fun.