remember the tennis just really didn't better this time. Anything like that can be left in there so much meat. Yeah, because we didn't have any. And mama needed it too. Oh Mhm. Okay. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh yeah, wow. Yeah. Uh huh uh Oh hey, y'all ship by. Mhm Oh. Oh yeah. Oh. Mhm. It's about to start baby. Just you know, it's about to start so you know. Yeah. Well I didn't care about your singing, I'm just letting you know. Well it doesn't matter. It's 4:00 and they're not here yet to get five minutes to get here otherwise you mm Oh what fine. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Here we go. This is an absolutely ridiculous task. My morning scream. Oh my God, stop asking me this question. No. Yeah. No. Uh huh mm A lot of things you can do your hands and of course nobody wants to do this task because this task is fucking annoying. Now this one is it's it's um a food choice thing. So they show you a bunch of foods and they're like, how much would you avoid Having if we gave you $10? How much of that? $10 would you pay us to avoid sitting in this food for? And they keep its like 10 different foods and they're going 10 minutes, five minutes, one minute, 20 minutes, 30 minutes, 60 minutes, 45 minutes. And it's like over and over and over. And they're asking the same question. That's stupid. And at one point they were like, how much would you avoid? How much would you give us the $10 To avoid having to do this task again? I was like all 10. You can have all 10 back. I don't want to do this again, right? Meanwhile it's four or 3 and nobody showed up. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Um Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very together. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Destroy them. I know. Mhm Oh yeah. Okay.
All right. How are you?
What's up? I wasn't sure everybody was coming. What? Yeah,
I did. The same thing Is that there were like six minutes and nobody was there. Yeah,
But um sorry, this is the first time you're doing it. Yeah,
that's
my
it's my third.
It's not like it's fun. I mean you have to know people um the other two times I'd really young girls though, so this is different.
how
about
you?
Well, awesome. I have cousins there. Right, let's go. Were you born there? I mean? Yeah.
I was gonna say it doesn't sound like you. I wouldn't know if they had if you had like an accent up there but it didn't sound any different than although I have a Philly accent so.
Right. Yeah. My cousins were from I mean they were from philadelphia to California and then up there are you
do you love it up there?
I think we're at 50 right now so
it's so nice.
Yeah it's still nice and we had
80 yesterday. It's all over, it fluctuates
yeah It's fluctuating it's where it falls. So it's like you know it's it's
up in the 80s but then sometimes it's down in the 30s at night so we're all over the place. But yeah. I know. I know. My cousin said that there was a snow coming up there. No.
Yeah. I think they're I think know her mom's in Anchorage. I'm not sure where her where she is. But
I'm sitting here, I find myself like looking behind you, trying to read the petals of your book. That's a that's a great book collection back there.
I'm like, yeah, what's it going to got?
What's your favorite genre? Yeah.
I guess you do you sail?
That's cool. I've never been on the water.
I'd like to try it. I just, you know,
bucket list.
Victory.
Yeah, I know that. Well I've never been, I've never eaten there. But I mean I might have once, I may have, I've been in the harbor and eating stuff um
Yes avid but but more classics and fiction so like get out like
hawthorn
or
oh probably jane Austen um sense and sensibilities or I know it's a girl thing but
but I love them. I do I the only the only like dickens was never my favorite but you know like he's so dry and morose
but Like I love the house of seven Gables. There's one it's you know um takes a while to get into but once you do but I've read them like all the you know uh Tale of Two cities and and all that. I love classics. Yeah
it makes me kind of a nerd but that's okay.
Never Shakespeare fan but
It's hard to read write, Mark Twain. I love my 20's.
They go up and
down the Mississippi so he said
I
yeah I've heard that I have I have like one of the original collections was passed down like 100 years old now or something but
Yeah. Um
My
great aunt.
I love
the smell
and the yeah there's something about opening that cover that you know it's been 100 years. I got to have more in common with you than the other two people that I talked to. So this is the one girl was a teenage girl and I was like oh man I'm struggling.
No.
have
My kids are 21 and 17. Um I'm 46 so a little older than you. But like my daughter she was she was alive during 9.11. She remembers it and she was only little like maybe two. Um We're just before she turned to uh Yeah but she remembers like she used to when it when it happened she would whenever she was outside playing would run any time a plane went over and hide. So like she has
you know those kind of vivid memory? Well I think we kept it on all day you know you kept on tv so kids saw the
million times. Uh
I like the people who don't believe it like. No no what happened? Conspiracy theorists now we were there it's a
Well
Buzz Aldrin punched him. Yeah we were just
we were literally talking about that with my son last night.
Yeah in that case yeah especially Buzz Aldrin man, he demands our respect you know. Mhm.
I don't
know
well that
you can ask her. I can ask Alexa.
It's
who is. Yeah exactly like respect your elders man and and
respect
respect puzzle exactly or like jimmy carter like you don't mess with these people The best pizza. Angela Lansbury is 95
But they don't they don't make it like a big deal of her like Betty white you hear all the time Dick Van Dyke, you know how it is but Angela Lansbury is 95. Uh huh. I didn't know she was that old but pretty incredible that there's still out there and doing stuff and
You know when we were kids like 95 man most people were dead. It seems it seems like they're living longer.
bless them.
That's
great.
That's fantastic. Good for them. Must be in Alaska with you.
Well at least you're close. That's good.
Yeah I just have my yeah my dad passed this year so I just had my mom left my have no grandparents thank you. Um But you know my grandparents passed on with a little so yeah I had my my husband's grandfather lived about 100 but just shy off didn't make it we're hoping. But yeah.
Amazing though. I mean you know as long as you still have friends and family alive it's great. I wouldn't want to be the only one left but that would be lonely. But you know as long as you got people. So um do you travel a lot? Because you said I know you sail.
Yeah. Well you're not with the coronavirus,
Nobody's traveling right now.
Where?
No it's so sad. It really is.
I mean we haven't
we
we we haven't gone out except to the stores since March. Like I feel like we haven't gone anywhere um seeing family tomorrow for a little bit. But you know like my niece is bringing her baby and I haven't seen the baby is a year old and I haven't seen her since she was born. So it's so weird to miss out on a year of a child's life because of of this stuff and said
oh that's a green age. It's a great age.
Yeah that's what we're doing to.
Well my son is he's in school. Um So but he goes like he's one day virtual one day in so he's
yeah he's a hybrid and my husband's at work every other day so you know we
have a little bit risk but we're trying trying to stay as healthy as we were mask wearers. We do where the mask everywhere we go. A lot of people, although I was out in the store today people have them down here like they're not covering anything. Yeah.
Oh that's gonna be so hard though for you.
During
all right. Do you find them combative at all? Like
Right. At that point.
Oh I'm sorry that people are dorks.
my nephew works in a deli and and he had people really combative, he had to throw them out. He was like, sorry?
No.
Yeah, I guess if they weren't, I think if they weren't all over the place with this from the beginning and news stories weren't different every day and people wouldn't be so bad about it, but it was just a long along and and you know why? Because they've never faced before, they don't know, you know?
Yeah, exactly. So it's just a learning experience all over, I guess. I wish it would end though. I really
Feels
Like
five years, doesn't it?
I think we had too much, like if we don't have the elections coupled with this, we would have been okay, but it's been so stressful, like,
I just said I can't wait to the four, I'm going to call it national, remove your agenda for my throat. day his I'm so tired of everybody telling me what they want and I'm like okay but I get to pick you know I mean I'm gonna pick the same way but I would just name but you know um actually I don't know and I don't I don't care who wins at this point because I'm just tired of it all. Yeah
I
I
do care but you know
it is it is I mean
Thanks.
Well
yeah I can imagine. Um yeah he's a I'm gonna be nice. I have no words, I have no nice words so I won't say them.
I guess maybe we're on the same wavelength. I get you.
That's great. That's a good word to
I was gonna I was gonna say buffoon so I mean we were really mhm.
Mhm.
My mom on the other hand loves him. Not not politically she just he entertains her so.
She just I mean she's like but he's good for a laugh I'm like oh no. Uh huh.
that
is
oh is it? Are the catholic maybe I mean I'm catholic
but
I thought
maybe it was like anti abortion. I mean because he's anti abortion. I thought maybe that's um
the
biden himself is catholic. So there goes that excuse
I
Um Well not
No
I've only been up up and down the east coast of the country so
yeah I've never been outside the country. We
want
to get our passports. But
Ireland
yeah I think
New Orleans is another one I have never been. I want to go so badly.
it's just it's just the plane travel. Although yesterday they said that was safe. I don't know
Yeah they said they said
it's
yeah there's um those are my two. How about you? Is there someplace you haven't been yet that you want to go?
Now do you do I I mean woodwork take you there or would you?
That we need.
Yes my husband's an architect so he would love to go see like Egypt and the pyramids and definitely we've we've never been to york so everything their room and you know uh Britain and France and you know like so
much of it But we've we've yeah we've never gone. We just we I mean we we got married young we were 22 and then we had kids. So now is our time
our oldest is graduating from college and our youngest one will start in another year. So that's that's our time coming into it you know? But we've been together since we were 15 so we're looking forward to
dr
It would be nice. I don't know what that's like but you know that's all right. I love having my kids still got you know like college bills are expensive.
I think we I pay 10 10 grand a year I think when I went And it's a lot higher than that now. It's 40 for my daughter. So yeah, I mean she's got scholarships.
Yeah scholarships and loans. Okay. I mean it's the only way and it cuts it down. It does. Um we pay 16 I think out of that 40 you know? But
it is well my sons and we put them through catholic high school because our our public schools are great in Philly. Um so they so they went all through Catholic grade school and high school and even that is 10,000 a year now. Yeah,
it is. But we stayed in Philly because my parents were here and his parents were here. So it was like, all right, we, my sister has a daughter who is autistic, so she really can't do anything. My brothers out in California. So it was like, were it we got to be the responsible ones and take care of everybody. So we stayed. Yeah,
yeah. So they stayed in the philadelphia, you know in the catholic schools because we moved out the suburbs. We would have they would have been fine in public school, but not here. It's just too, there is no structure, you know, and it's it's kind of like um I don't know, distracting, like it's it's hard to learn in that environment. So
yeah, I've never lived that I've lived here my entire life so I've never been in a small town I'd like to um
I think a small town close to the city though I still want to be able to Yeah Is this
the 1?
Yeah that'd be great. That would be sorry my dog is jumping on me down here. He's a he's a chihuahua. Jack, russell chihuahua. So he jumped really he jumps really high but he doesn't have a brain so it's it's fine.
Yeah that's her. Do you have any pets?
mm. Said sex.
What kind
is he
what was she?
How much of the past?
Beautiful.
I had a beagle and then this not who
is trying to climb up period there we go. Mhm. It just no okay thank you for the kisses is it
okay? He doesn't like to get he doesn't he wants to go for a while, but he doesn't go outside his raining and it's very cold and he doesn't like the wet order. So, so he's
he's gonna bug me instead.
That's exactly
him.
That's exactly him. And then if it snows, forget it, we have to shovel a path because he hates the snow. My last dog, the beagle loved the snow. He would go out and rolling it and running it and not this one, this one is like, no, there's wet stuff on the ground. I can't, my paws cannot get wet. We have him in the turtle, The, Turtles,
They can live to be 100. Mm hmm.
Yeah. It was an investment.
Yeah. I keep telling my daughter when she gets married that turtles getting a veil on it and going down the aisle with her because I'm not keeping it after. Yeah,
I love it. But come on. 23 years. A long time for a pet. But yeah, that thing will outlive me total
recall.
They're cool. It's like having a little dinosaur. No, she's pretty neat.
She's
turtle. So she's about yeah. Yeah.
actually you can tell how long they have lived because like a tree, they have circles around their shell and you can count the years.
It's really cool.
That's all right. You know how you tell the difference between their gender?
They have red and brown eyes. The girls have red eyes. The boys have brown eyes, things you find out he was my classroom pet and then came after I stopped teaching came delivered me. So
yeah, so I've had them forever. Her. Sorry. But um oh man we made it, we made it past our time. We did
good.
yeah, it was nice meeting you. I don't, you know what? We didn't even exchange names. That's funny.
I'm Shannon. Nice to meet you Brett. All right. Um, I'm gonna head out cause I got, I have to go over my mom's and drop off food.
It's nice meeting you. Bye bye.