Hello. This is
never
good, how about you?
It's never actually worked for me before, No one else ever goes up.
Have you
done one of these before?
So we just have to talk for like 25
minutes?
Well
for
like
four
29.
Yeah,
I'm erin, how about you?
Can you hear me? Sorry?
Can
you hear
me though?
that's good. Sometimes my computer except uh
where are you calling from?
I'm in Akron Ohio,
part of texas?
been austin
once
heck of a time to move a bit.
Is it extremely hot
this week? Mhm.
Mhm.
What's really hot, like? Over over 100?
Um It's been a dry summer, we're in kind of a drought right now where I'm at um and it's been in like the high nineties for a while, So it was 80, It was 80 this week and it felt like a war because
it's a little weird, but not too terrible,
it's storming right now. Finally some marine. Mhm.
I'm
here
with
uh you're with
my
puppy harper, she's a great dane. Um
is a six year old, I like to hang out with
her
and I have
cats
too, and you like to hike
and
backpack, I kind of am a plant nerds. Do I like? Mhm. Looking for plants and mushrooms and doing yoga, so I kind of like, how about you,
how old are your
kids?
that's
a that's a lot of little kids to have.
especially
I'm
not
as
are things pretty open or are
you guys having kids full time? All the time for the foreseeable future?
I have to let my cat in here. He goes outside patio sometimes, but it started raining and I want to be out in the rain.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I don't think I've been, I've been out to eat at once. I'll get like take out, you know? But I don't exactly feel compelled to be somewhere. I don't have to be right now. Sure.
Yeah. Is a, the area you're in. Do you find most people are like taking things pretty seriously or are a lot of people over it and kind of just living like,
Yeah. Ah uh huh found out I donated blood a few weeks ago and they like test you for antibodies for free and it turns out I have antibodies so
that that means I, that I had it and I didn't, I didn't know. So uh huh.
This is yeah.
If I had
to guess,
I think, yeah, I think I would have had it in like january. Like I thought I had a bad flu traveled to Seattle right? Like being like an outbreak and then I had a bad flu lost my sense of taste and smell. Um Well that's when uh people were
starting to like quarantine already. Um, So yeah. Yeah, that's what I think. But a lot of people say that you could like have no symptoms at all and have it, you know? So who's to say? Really? So
Well if you want a
free
way
to
do
it,
if
you,
yeah, if you donate blood
test
it for you for free so you can find out if you, you have antibodies, it's
somewhat
comforting maybe. I don't know if this is okay.
Your
mom
was doing
okay though after, after he had it.
Yeah. I mean I guess probably a lot more of us have had it and then we realized, I don't really know at this point,
not good.
Uh Yeah, I am in school working towards uh there's an education science is that everyone really needs it apparently. Um So yeah I'm in uh I work part time and I'm in school online right now. You said you work
full time from home?
all that's a good one to be able to do from home.
Are you enjoying
the new career Direction from Your 1st 1?
that's nice.
Have you hasn't been easy to work from home with four kids? It hasn't
Uh well I feel like you have two jobs right there double time.
Are your kids going to go to school in person, have you heard yet or virtually or undecided?
What do uh all your kids make of everything going on? Must be so confusing for little people.
They
are.
so formative
for
for those ages.
that's awesome.
Outdoors
lifesaver right now. I don't know where what I do, if we were like Germany or places that don't even let you go outside,
that would be, that would be crazy.
you're working from home, I'm just constantly the same area. This is, this is
um I was in my last full time job, but then I uh decided to go back to school and start a lot of the summer classes while they're online honestly because it's just easier to knock a lot of them out that way. Um So I was just focus on that mostly because I was in 18 credit hours of like only science classes. So I'm in like a biochemistry class right now, which is so hard in a physics to class. So I just mostly did that this summer, but I did just start a part time job, you get the money and health insurance. Um But I'm I'm just working at a local grocery store for those things, so I can't I can't do that
from home, but it's been relatively chill. Um I shouldn't feel this way, but I do that I've already had coronavirus and have some antibodies exposed to me. Like I certainly don't see like my parents or anybody who's immunocompromised because I have to interact with so many people now in public. Um But it's been it's been mostly okay, like it's a lot of people just order groceries to be picked up without coming in the store, so it's nice to like help people out that way I work at old and I really, I really like all these, oh, it's like affordable and do a lot of sustainability stuff, which I like. They actually pay pretty well and they give even part time employees health insurance, which is cool. So
this,
it was pretty rough. I did a chemistry course online in a physics course like I said, I had to do. So they sent me like a whole chemistry kit that I would have been in a lab and it had like strong acids in it and like all this stuff, so, so it's good. I don't have any kids around, but even like, my cats and my dog were like, what's this, like, you can't, I'm like working with asses right
now. Go away.
It was a good way for me to knock a lot out though. Like this way I could, I could work and just do all the online stuff on my own time. So
it's working, it's working out situation. Yeah, and the biochemistry class is so hard and so it's really nice for
me to be able to
pause and like rewind like,
so that's nice, nice for me, but I'm ready, ready to be done with it for sure.
Where'd you guys?
Uh I don't know,
maybe
you
didn't hear me? Yeah. Where do you go to school?
Who?
Oh yeah, how cool.
Mhm. Do you prefer the heat climate of texas to that
business?
Mhm. I think I need somewhere with seasons only because I grew up in the best and I'm used to like seasons to know what, but if I ever somewhere too hot or too cold without seasons, that would really mess with me. I think
I've only been to Utah once,
but it was really beautiful, a lot of cool parks, a lot of cool things to do, it seems like
mhm is that a far drive back or a flight back to Utah
access?
mm I will, can you still hear me
In
mm
we'll try to fix that, maybe I'll turn it off. Yeah
um yeah my laptops really
quality
so I'm not sure.
Alan back. All right, that's
good.
I'm sick, I'm sick of staring at a computer all day.
You can uh huh Hopefully you can move around a little bit though and be in different areas to make it feel different.
Is your company uh kind of letting people stay home for the foreseeable future or do they have like office date in mind or is it up to you guys?
I'll
see
why
not.
you
can do it from
home.
Mhm Probably should do another study with number of Children
See.
So you said your wife's family is also from Utah, Is that where you guys met? Well?
Did
your sister
take credit for for everything?
What was Argentina like you spent a few years there? He said.
cool.
that sounds like an awesome travel more do that kind of thing.
Um Only to Canada and Mexico, I was supposed to go to peru with my friends in june but the coronavirus canceled that. So
maybe another term.
How about
you?
Maybe someday we'll be allowed outside of the US again.
Riad Zara. 30 minutes
do you
think?
Or dream a few more
cool talking to you? Hope
everything goes well for the rest of your summer.
All right, take care