Oh mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Four mm. Yeah. All right. Mhm. No. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, it's a boy. Don't don't love me. Look at that little guy night. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. It's in the body. Don't don't look at that little guys. Oh, I didn't talk to me. I'm just a man or crack it well. Dot Yeah. It's crazy. Oh, it's screaming. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm Oh Mhm Okay. All right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Right, okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm Okay. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm Yeah. Welcome. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, wow. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And Yeah, wow. Yeah. Oh mm. Okay. Mhm Oh yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm Oh okay. Ford is pretending that for the last three months now has not been against a mass separation. How long the fund as our everything, even forcing speakers to these masks, A love for to take a position this doctor love the whole for those three months. And if he blessed this long, why has he not been removed? Why has he not been fired for being so catastrophic people or what they really believe? He was old. You're just wearing these masks Because because they signal look to a brain worship. Yeah. Because for the last three months the amount born then a one term out of this cold outside 400 and then we still have thank you. Hire more deals. You guys have put us through Now the corner over 51 total hospitalizations in accounting. You eight hospitals. You can do the math. They can please go crazy. That's good. You're on this. This is not in crisis. You what point? Never? Yeah. That's what absolutely none other than walter is my health. Because when you die, that's where you're going. Guess what? Expiring. Six. Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh, don't stay. No, thank you. But he's sleeping with expression here is possible. I want to ask box john it's all of this. But they decide about this before you spend all my life Hawaiian fucking coming. Yeah. You don't think that. Yeah, you're already know that the minute your point you're so it's better. In the present case of convention industry life. Know the laws protection around. Just be sure not to notice on the wall. That protection prisons. Yes, the life is good technical player. You know, I'm not getting a boost. What? Always choose a family that sent me over. Hello?
How's
it going?
I'm doing good,
Oh, there you go. Sweet.
Well
yeah, I've done two of them already. Yeah. Yeah.
To
accept that. 25
minutes
I
think is what
they said. Yeah.
Really? Yeah. Somewhere on there. Cool,
cool. So what's your name?
I'm here. I'm blake. It's a little Aggie.
I can hear
you.
Can
you hear me? These? Yeah, I read it
There we go.
I'm from, I'm in texas right now. Yeah.
Akron Ohio. Very cool. Ohio. Uh
Just south of Austin small town called Buddha. Just
moved
here. Oh nice. Now me and my family just moved here about about a month ago.
Yeah, it was very different. But I had to move for work. So here we are. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah,
They expect.
Uh
Yeah, it's been really hot last night. We got a really big rainstorm and so I was hoping it would be cool to Dicks. I mowed the lawn and it was really hot. So.
I felt like over 100. I don't think it is though. Uh let's see. It's 93 But it says it feels like 100 right now. The humidity is at its only 41, it felt more than that. Very hot and humid. Okay. How is it like in? Ohio?
dang.
That's
Gotta love summer storms. So
what do
you like to
do for fun erin
in your
lifetime?
dog.
Six
year old
junior
walker.
I like
to.
Cool. Um Yeah I don't I don't get out of the house a lot anymore. I've got four kids and the wife and full time job so I'm pretty busy but in my free time I'm a nerd. I like to play magic, the gathering um board games, video games now, that kind of stuff. So
I
used to uh so my oldest is six And he's turning seven next month. And then my next youngest is my daughter, she is five. And then my next son, he is too, he'll be turning three next month and then we have a newborn. He's about six months old, so very busy with Children,
but
All right. Yeah, it is, it's a handful, but we love them, it's fun. Right, okay. So yeah, they kick up most of my life. That's pretty much what I do. Hole time dad. Yeah, so
you're able to work
from
home
through Covid?
sorry,
Right, now there. Yeah, we're just they're always at home. We haven't I mean, we've been out to eat like once since Covid started, but other than that, other than like going to the park or something like that.
Cool. Right, that's fair. Mhm.
Right. Yeah, that's fair. Better. Safe and Sorry. Right.
I feel like it's about 5050 here. About half the people are pretty serious about it, and then the other half are kind of like me, I'm kind of over it. I'm like, if I would have gotten it, I probably would have gotten it already, but I don't know well, where my mask, if they make me, other than that, I don't really do much else. I mean, I don't leave the house very often, I work from home and other than going to get groceries, I mean, I don't really have much reason to leave the house.
Hey,
that's
There
you
go. That's nice.
well,
Yeah, I don't know. That's kind of what my mom was thinking because she had a really bad uh kind of same thing, just like super sick, couldn't get out of bed for a few days in january. And she's like, I'm pretty sure I have a coronavirus, like she has to have been testing or anything, but she's like, I'm pretty sure already had it, so
I
don't know.
I
think
I
might have
gotten
it a little while ago. Yeah.
Sorry, go
ahead.
There
you go.
Charity and you get a free test. Yeah. Yeah, I think I might
have
gotten
it.
Yeah, she's fine. She's doing well and Yeah, I think I may have gotten it a few months ago because like, I was just super sick, couldn't get out of bed and the like, but like I never lost my sense of smell or anything or taste. I just couldn't get that. Like I was down and out. But nobody in my family did. My wife and kids were all fine, so. Hello? Mhm. Yeah.
Right. How do you know? Yeah,
so you're going to score right now or working or what?
very
yep. I actually I graduated with a bachelor's degree in psychology I was years ago and then I decided I didn't want to be a psychologist and so um yeah I actually was a teacher for a couple of years, taught special education in elementary school and then I decided teaching isn't gonna work out not enough money for big household like I like, so I went and did a coding course and I've been doing software development since.
yeah it is all I need is a computer and internet access. So yeah
are
yeah there's give and take. So I really like teaching, I liked working with kids, I liked watching them grow and learn. I just didn't like all the political Mhm. End of it, all the this is what you can do is which can do, we're gonna take away more of your basically freedom and give you less pay. I didn't want to anymore. So and technology, there's a lot of freedom. So they're just like, here's your computer, get the work done, we'll talk to you tomorrow, Okay. Sounds good. So
yeah, it is
some days it depends, sometimes it's rough, sometimes not so much, it just it depends, but it's okay.
for real, yep, they keep me busy, that's for sure.
So they said they said that what they're planning on doing is I think the first month or first two weeks, something like that. I can't remember. My wife told me, I don't remember um they will be online and then they'll go start going back, but I don't know what it's going to be like when they go back. I know they're requiring face masks but I don't know what else, I'm not sure. Yeah.
Oh they are there. So it's rough because they're like why can't we
do
this? And I'm like well because of the sickness, like oh well why can't we go and do that because of the sickness? So they just, it's hard for them to understand, but
they're doing
okay with it.
It really is. So we've been trying to do lots of fun activities with them and keep them busy. We have a great big backyard, so that's good. They can run around
and get their exercise in, but it's been
rough. Yeah.
Boy.
Yeah. That would be miserable because getting outside is it's really alleviating, its its creates pretty crazy how much it is, how much of a difference it makes. Oh and
Right. So are you able to work from home?
This is
that is super cool.
That's nice. That's sweet. Mhm. That's got to be rough to do classes online though goodness
That's
crazy, jeez.
For sure. That's
I
back
All
Oh I bet that's the only thing I kept thinking all the way through college is almost ready to be done to me. I want to have my degree and just be done so. Oh
BYU Idaho up in the frozen wastelands.
Sorry
did you hear
me
Brigham Young University Idaho.
Yeah. And the frozen wastelands of Idaho. It's very very very cold in the winter.
Oh yeah it was miserable. Um I don't know it get down to where I can't remember how cold exactly, but it was, it was to the point where you would breathe in through your nose and you would like feel the mucus freezing. It was miserable. It was, it was awful.
Oh yeah. 100%. I do
not like the cold.
Right? Yeah. I grew up in Utah and we had all four seasons so those, it was nice. Didn't never get too cold in Utah but we got lots of snow which was fun.
So.
Yeah, we like Utah. My family and my wife's family are both from Utah but works in texas. So here we are.
yeah we drove out here because we just moved ourselves and it was Like 26 hours, something like that dr it was long drive. Yeah. Mhm.
So I lost your video feed. I don't know if that matters to the survey or not but I don't see you just say you know.
Oh yeah I can still hear everything. I just lost your video feed. Can
you still see me? Okay.
That's where, wow.
Well I mean we only have like five more minutes so I don't think it's too big of a deal.
Oh there we
go,
you're back.
you're
back glitch good old technology, isn't it? Great. Great. Yeah.
yeah. Yeah that is one downside to being software developer is they just sit around and stare at a computer all day. Makes it hard to get my exercise
Yeah. At home I can that's nice. That's one nice thing about being home. I can move around when I need to. Yeah.
Um I know that they said they're not expecting to bring everybody back and well and I don't even know if they'll bring everybody back, but they're not expecting to even start bringing anybody back until next year. And even then they said most like developers and stuff will probably work most of the time from home. So yeah, it sounded like I might
only
have
to work
one or two days
at the office,
so
yeah, and I guess they're finding that people are actually quite a bit more productive from home, like they're not as many distractions I guess, which seems opposite to me, but people are getting more stuff done. So
for
real I guess if all the software developers are single then yeah, there probably are getting a lot done, but
yep. Yeah, we met in our hometown, she is a couple years younger than me, so we did go to a year of high school together. However, we never like I never saw her or well I probably saw her but I don't remember seeing her, she remembers seeing me but I don't remember seeing her. And um then yeah, I I spent a couple of years in Argentina and I came home and yeah, and my sister was like, hey you should ask this girl out on a day, like she's super cool and I was like okay. And so I did and here we are today, eight years later, they're going
strong.
So
Yeah, she does. She never lets me live it down. So title is that
are. Yeah. I spent a couple of years there. I was there on a service mission for my church. Um
and it was really cool. I really like Argentina's cool getting to know the people, very humble people. Um It was very hot and humid most of the time and the winner is, it was, it would get pretty cold but not ever anything like Utah and so I was, it was weird but it was also weird to have the seasons backwards um because I left Utah in the springtime and I went to winter there. It was really weird but um but yeah, it was, it was really good um learning how to speak spanish and got to know a lot of people. It's really fun.
Yeah, it was really cool. Mhm. Yeah. Have you ever been outside the US?
That's a bummer.
I heard
Peru
is super pretty sorry. But yeah, other than Argentina just Canada. Yeah
right allowed to go back over to europe and all those fun places. Who?
I
think
so.
we're probably good.
Well yeah.
Yeah. You too. It's nice meeting you all right.