SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. All right. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Mhm. Excuse me. Mhm. Hey,
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's it going, man?
SPEAKER_L: good man, how you doing?
SPEAKER_R: pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Right, right on. So I just I started a timer for the 25 minutes to make sure that we
SPEAKER_R: All right, nice. Yeah, I know you can
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: click
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: back
SPEAKER_L: and other
SPEAKER_R: to the
SPEAKER_L: places.
SPEAKER_R: other uh web page and it has a timer at the very bottom.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah, I I saw that but I clicked into this a while ago, so the time has been already running yeah, with that, so I just use my phone. So um how's your week going man?
SPEAKER_R: not too bad. I've been uh finally got back into work and my work clothes. I've been traveling actually.
SPEAKER_L: Oh right on. So um uh you have you been having to work from home and stuff?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've been working from home since early March. 100% morgue. So.
SPEAKER_L: same, same for me, we still aren't back in the office and they're saying that it might not be until after the new year and so it's just like it's so weird and so what kind of, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I work so work federal government, but I work examining banks. So I go in and assess risk inside banks and kind of talk to management there and kind of figure out what they have going on and make sure they're not doing anything to our consumers basically.
SPEAKER_L: good man. Yeah. Well keep me a watchdog. Good stuff. You get to travel a lot for that,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I probably travel like Well before going, but I was probably traveling like 60% of the time.
SPEAKER_L: wow. So you really are gone alive?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's usually, but it goes in spurts, it'll be like I'm gone for two months and I'm home for two months. But you you go home every weekend and then we have every other friday off too. So there's
SPEAKER_L: All right on
SPEAKER_R: yeah flexible schedule that way. But uh it's it's a bit of travel, but there's just travel money when you do it. So that's
SPEAKER_L: you, get that podium and you can eat
SPEAKER_R: I get over
SPEAKER_L: food.
SPEAKER_R: here. I'm in college when you're driving. Yeah. So Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: an extra 8-10 grand probably each year Justin travel money.
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy. That's really nice. For sure. It'll take you like all over the country.
SPEAKER_R: Uh sometimes so most you have like a field office and then from there you have a a general location area, you know, kind of a geographic area you go to. Um usually nothing more than a four hour drive one way that far out. But I mean otherwise I've gone Chicago dc Salt lake L. A. Just depends on what is called Dallas that, you know, there's banks everywhere. So
SPEAKER_L: Sure man. Yeah. That's cool. That's pretty cool. Um Where are you based out of?
SPEAKER_R: Kansas city. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: On
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I work as a product manager for a software company that deals with health and beauty and wellness companies. Um It's yeah, it's not bad work, but it's just been really weird not being like physically in the office and I feel lucky because it is work that lends itself pretty well too like virtual and all that kind of stuff with you. We can still basically get everything done. It's just a lot of zoom meetings and uh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it just, I don't know, it just still feels strange to me. I thought I would get more accustomed to working from home, but like, like my wife, she deals with it pretty well, the kids have been dealing with it pretty well, but for me, I don't know, I still like, I get antsy and I'm sick of it, like I'm ready to go back and like not be in the home office the whole time, not as paul, by the way, sorry, I
SPEAKER_R: I'm set. what's that?
SPEAKER_L: hey, nice to meet you bro.
SPEAKER_R: Let's meet your call.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so it's, it's cool, I'm in California and um like the biggest thing that we've been dealing with aside from just obviously all the Kobe craziness we've been having like all types of fires and just crazy stuff, like the air quality has been just brutal. Um It's been, it's been of such a weird year
SPEAKER_R: I agree with that completely. Before. I mean for us, I guess it's been a little more lax probably in the midwest.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I'm out here. I'm actually in Oklahoma right now and like no one's wearing masks. They're not mandating anything. You know, like it's kind of weird. You walk into a place where you're like, you have your mask on, you look around like no one else has it, like, I guess
SPEAKER_L: Over
SPEAKER_R: like uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's uh that's crazy like for here people have been really pretty hardcore about wearing the mask and everything and definitely like if you're not wearing one, like you get like the looks from people,
SPEAKER_R: try
SPEAKER_L: but we feel
SPEAKER_R: shaving
SPEAKER_L: like people are
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: for it.
SPEAKER_R: ice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly, like it just, it feels bad and so it just, I guess that's the thing, that's crazy to me is how quickly that became like habit of just having the mask around
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: all the time, pop it on. Um at first it felt like I was having a frickin anxiety attack every time I was worth it because it's like, oh my God, I'm just breathing
SPEAKER_R: I can't
SPEAKER_L: and hot.
SPEAKER_R: breathe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but you get used to it. It's it's weird. I almost wish that we could like kind of just make that a thing that like we do as a country like during flu season every year likely
SPEAKER_R: Put
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: it on. Right.
SPEAKER_L: wow, like just wear the thing, like it's, I don't know, people
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: are funny man, but yeah, that's that's weird. That would be like going into the twilight zone, being in some part of the country where people are just like, oh you know, it's it's cool.
SPEAKER_R: I am I having a dream that's kind of, it felt a little strange. But uh for us I guess is what like are, so we live in suburbs outside Kansas city and we're kind of not too far out, but kind of the mid range of suburbs as they go out.
SPEAKER_L: Where?
SPEAKER_R: And we I mean for elementary school, for my daughter there there in person. So yeah, so she's going every day they mask up, they have like hand sanitizer things once every hour, you know, they're gonna squirt squirt that up. And then, but middle school and high schools are completely virtual, such as elementary schools. They felt okay with doing I guess because we have there's more elementary schools and in the areas I guess they felt it was spread out enough, but They still let people, you can opt to go virtual if you wanted. And so so the classes are probably smaller that way. Probably normally have like 25 kids in a class, but we're down to like 15 because of it. So.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool though that they they're giving some options there and let letting people do like whatever they're comfortable with uh like for sure, I I know our kids are like flipping out and they really want to go back to school, which seems great because they used to just complain and you
SPEAKER_R: It's cool.
SPEAKER_L: know. Yeah, exactly and now it's like oh I want to go back to school but I don't know even they've done a pretty good job adapting and I guess the biggest concern for us is just them lagging behind, Falling behind with certain subject areas and that kind of stuff, it
SPEAKER_R: That was a
SPEAKER_L: feels.
SPEAKER_R: big yeah. Yeah, that was our big thing is like Because they were only gonna, if you did it online, you don't have to do like 40 minutes in person. And then the rest of it was like on your own. And I was like, I don't know because my daughter, I don't like to be biased or like brag everything, but she's she's pretty advanced. I mean, we were like any time we want to do something together if I'm pushing on a swing or whatever, she's like, all right, give me some math problem with that. And I'm like, all right. So,
SPEAKER_L: What a good kid.
SPEAKER_R: so Yeah, she is. And so her teacher that she's with now, she's in second grade teacher has been talking about maybe her skipping a grade or even going like gifted program. She's going to test her for that because I mean she's on I don't know, they do map map scores is what they're called, I don't know if that's nationwide, but she's in the 99th%ile and everything. So yeah, she's doing well, which is always good, you know, you do as well, but
SPEAKER_L: That's incredible stuff, man.
SPEAKER_R: but I feel like if she was doing virtual that she wouldn't have that opportunity, so we definitely that feeling that she would get kind of kind of be bored with what she was doing and really was interested and wanted to learn.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know, it's like when, when they have that passion for you really want to just keep that momentum going for sure. And I just think virtual stuff is really hard. It's really hard. I couldn't imagine doing it when I was a kid. Like, just I don't know. I
SPEAKER_R: What's more, not with dope,
SPEAKER_L: Sorry, say again.
SPEAKER_R: sorry, It was hard enough when I was an adult, I didn't like my NBA online, so they were not being a kid, like that's something I could comprehend. At least I felt like I was more disciplined as an adult, you know, you can
SPEAKER_L: totally.
SPEAKER_R: follow up to something.
SPEAKER_L: There's just no way I would have been successful in that format, but God bless the teachers
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: and everybody else for finding ways to make this work. It's just, I can't imagine how many times they've had to pivot and have contingency plans in 50 different plans. It's like, it's crazy. Um
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Have you guys had to have anything like, have like has your family had any major stuff canceled because of Covid, like did you have trips or anything that you were planning on doing?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I mean right away, it was big trips. I mean we plan to have uh two sisters and a brother out in Vegas. So our plans for that got canceled and then go out and visit them because I was like there's too much tourism people internationally that come in. I'm not I'm not going to Vegas, you guys can keep that. But um then I we also have had a nephew was supposed to get married and I got pushed back till he was gonna get married the in the summer, but now he pushed it back to the next november. So
SPEAKER_L: That's a bummer.
SPEAKER_R: I'm hopefully by that point everything is done, you know?
SPEAKER_L: That's the thing. It's like, you don't even really know like what is sort
SPEAKER_R: What does
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: it take
SPEAKER_L: like, what
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: does the end date of this going to be like, what does it look like? And it just feels like everything is so second to second as far as that's all that stuff. It's just, it's hard to get excited about even just making plans now, like, for the future because you just don't know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Everything's stitching the air. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's weird. Like actually my folks, um who I think are just totally insane, did travel to Vegas actually pretty recently. And like my older brother, he was giving them stuff like, you know, we were all just like, just wait. You know, why, why do you have to be like the Canary in the coal mine or whatever and be like that subject like, just pause, it's fine. And like, there's not that much open right now anyways, you're not going to get to have like your normal Vegas experience, they're just like, no, they went anyways and I guess they were all turned out fine, but oh
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: my goodness gracious! I thought it was really silly and they're like, oh there's like uh there's sinks in the casinos and on the casino floor now this is our they gave us these little Shockey's the open doors with so we don't have to touch things and you guys are knuckleheads like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have a niece that lives in Orlando and so her and her family, they have season passes to Disney, and so once Disney went back up and she was like, you know, posting videos and pictures of it and it's just empty park so they have like no lines waiting, I was like that must be the best. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Disney is still not open out here actually. I've worked for Disney for about 10 years, my brother works for Disney and they've just gotten absolutely destroyed from this like, so
SPEAKER_R: Come on.
SPEAKER_L: many former colleagues I know have been furloughed or just altogether laid off. Um And it's across segments, I mean parks and resorts got hit really hard obviously but like everybody is just got completely smashed. But yeah, in California the theme park thing is just like not a priority at all for whatever reason, I don't know how they were able to make better inroads in florida. I guess they've got better governmental relations down there or whatever to make that happen. But in California it's just been like a complete nonstarter. Um But yeah it's a it's a trip to imagine that park like 20% capacity or Disney world or something like I can't it sounds nice actually. Um Compared
SPEAKER_R: Sounds like
SPEAKER_L: to what?
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't mind doing, you know, spend uh
SPEAKER_L: exactly.
SPEAKER_R: getting out there, I can only stand in line for five minutes, that's no problem.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's normally so brutal. Um Are you guys are you sports fans
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I'm probably more so into uh collegiate sports, I mean,
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: I'm from the south east, originally from Alabama and so the more, you know, sec football, that kind of stuff, keep up with that in basketball, but uh but also, you know, kind of took on the Chiefs as a
SPEAKER_L: gatto
SPEAKER_R: adopted as I've been out here for a few years, so
SPEAKER_L: just starting to watch like you gotta get on back like
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: A one man.
SPEAKER_L: do. Are you Alabama, are you are you a world tied
SPEAKER_R: No auburn.
SPEAKER_L: auburn? Okay, right on. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I can't stand Alabama. I call
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Obama.
SPEAKER_L: think there's a lot of people that would agree with that. Uh I mean we're freaking pac 12 fans and so we're just completely irrelevant to everything. Like nobody cares about us. The teeth brutal. Um But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well we will be fans they're from California originally, so
SPEAKER_L: I was just so grateful that any college football came back at all. Like I I was totally thinking that we were gonna get nothing. So I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: Remember
SPEAKER_L: I'm grateful.
SPEAKER_R: a couple more weeks before PAC 12 starts first part.
SPEAKER_L: Seventh. So it's like the week after Halloween, I think how on a saturday or something, it's like the following weekend after that will be the first week and they're going for like there's a six game schedule and then you're going to get 1/7 game, which they will depend on. So that's sort of like almost the playoff game or like that will be the championship game week and then whoever is not in the championship game, they're going to make matchups up for a final seventh game. We'll see kind of how things go. There's not a lot of wiggle room if stuff goes bad from like a
SPEAKER_R: With
SPEAKER_L: virus
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: standpoint and all that because they did start so late. So it'll be interesting to see what happens if all of a sudden a lot of people start getting sick or what they how they deal with it because yeah, there's just nowhere to really delay. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. USC fan?
SPEAKER_L: no, um I went to Berkeley so I root for cal which just like basically it's just like getting punched in the nuts like every single year because always disappointment. Like we've gotten slightly better over the last, we got a new coach a few years ago, we used to have sonny dykes who moved on to like S. M. U. Or something and we've got two coaches now sort of has a vision and is building a program to that vision and there's been like steps forward and that's for cal fan about as much as
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: you can ask
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: us,
SPEAKER_R: can go for it.
SPEAKER_L: see for the first time in like 15 years. Um Not this past year but the year before and that was like and I was like crying, it was like the happiest. I felt just like my entire life. It's like that's where we're at basically is cal fans. Um And I do like the basketball better and we're sort of equally Annette in college basketball as college football, but it doesn't change anything. I just love it. I've always loved college sports
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I agree. And my parents, they're they're US USC fans, they originally from Sacramento area. Ah
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I don't know this is kind of what they always followed, but so I kind of grew up watching a little bit of, you know, USC but other than that I haven't really keep up with college sports altogether, isn't the coach for cow old Oregon coach?
SPEAKER_L: Um He was a Justin Wilcox, he was a coordinator, he might have been a coordinator Oregon at one point, I don't know, he played at Oregon a long time ago, but he's been a D. C. At Wisconsin. He was a D. C. At Boise state. He was a D. C. At USC actually. And then cal gave him his first head coaching job. Actually. A lot of people sort of think that one day he might move on to Oregon that that might sort of be his ultimate dream destination since he played there. And like so we have like such a loser mentality that we just assume that everything that ever happened to us is going to get taken away eventually. Uh
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: product
SPEAKER_R: fun
SPEAKER_L: with.
SPEAKER_R: on the road will be robbed, but you know, you
SPEAKER_L: it's a
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: baby.
SPEAKER_R: know, we're always the, you know, the second best in the state rights. It's always, it's always Alabama and Alabama is always gonna win, but I don't know, we do all right in the Iron Bowl each year, kind of always
SPEAKER_L: Often
SPEAKER_R: put the fight.
SPEAKER_L: auburn is legit. I mean like you guys get some legit talent and you guys play tough and yeah, I mean Alabama is just such a machine. Like I can't imagine it. I just, I just can't believe that they do everything above board and
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: that there's no sort of on this happened there, but he's like a mythical figure, like he doesn't seem like an actual human has achieved this like God tier status where he just sort of writes his own his own path. Like like every time you think like oh they've got these amazing players, they're gone now, it's like oh wait but they've got 11 more guys behind them and they're all even better than that guy that just left. It's just every freaking year total, complete reload. Uh It's gnarly.
SPEAKER_R: I always hated because you always, it's always some reading that guy that comes up and he's like, we don't recruit, we reload like Arian you're not wrong but still uh
SPEAKER_L: it would be, I just can't imagine what it would be like to support a team that enjoys that level of success I guess. Like it would be weird.
SPEAKER_R: such a fantasy kind of thing that we can't even comfortable. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but you just go into the season knowing that things are gonna turn out well instead of like praying that maybe you make a bowl game. Like, I don't know, it's just no
SPEAKER_R: See
SPEAKER_L: and it's like before
SPEAKER_R: I'm not
SPEAKER_L: in Alabama was, I mean there was a lot of sort of like they weren't horrible but they were like, you know, they were on earth basically they weren't saying. And then he came after bombing out what dolphins or something, You go into the NFL bombed out and then he goes to Alabama and all of a sudden he just turns it into a juggernaut. It was so crazy.
SPEAKER_R: it was it was overnight to because they've lost who was a Shula before him who used who had was the old Miami coach but and he lost like I think it's five or six iron balls in a row and so he got kicked and they finally picked up saved him after he got booted out of Miami. And it's pretty much almost overnight have like one year to get fruits in
SPEAKER_L: Whoever that athletic director was that like saw the juice in suburban, like
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: that guy
SPEAKER_R: looking for.
SPEAKER_L: or lady, whoever it was really had really made a good call. The Iron Bowl was the one with the kick.
SPEAKER_R: Kick
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Was it an auburn benefit from matter to Alabama benefit from that? It's like a blank.
SPEAKER_R: Well we have benefited.
SPEAKER_L: You guys were once it caught it and then in the, it was crazy. That was not the craziest thing you've ever seen.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah because well then the week before they call that the when we played Georgia they called it the prayer at Jordan hare and it's where they were at the very end, the fourth quarter last few seconds left and ball gets tipped by two defenders. But then the auburn wide receiver catches it and runs to the end zone. So it's like back to back weeks of just craziness. Crazy ending
SPEAKER_L: That's amazing.
SPEAKER_R: the wild season that year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No kidding man. That's that's two really intense things. Like, especially back to back like that. That's crazy. Meanwhile the craziest thing that we ever happened is like from 1983 and it was like when the band came out on the field, when we were playing stanford, it was like collateral. Then you look at the tape now
SPEAKER_R: Doesn't.
SPEAKER_L: and for like, you know, like half those would have been like forward passes today and your plate, it shouldn't have even counted. Like, Again, other things like, right, Yes, we do think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you a doctor spin now? That's
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I am. I'm actually extremely nervous um, for this evening. I can't believe they actually came back and beat the braves in that series.
SPEAKER_R: I know all my friends are braves fans growing up in Alabama and that's brave territory. But everyone I saw it was just like how we just braved it up again. You know, we're up 31 series and we
SPEAKER_L: I heard a lot of comments about just like Atlanta sports teams in general, they made reference to the Super Bowl. You know, the patriots saying I I was completely shocked. Like I was, I was 100% like just done with it and they came back and won.
SPEAKER_R: Ball
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. And I sort of just expect bad things and so I have no great hope that they're going to like do, um, do well in the World Series even if their favorite, I don't care, I just have like a feeling of dread. And again, I think that's just my upbringing in watching loser teams for the most part. Although the Lakers like as they're okay like there. Yeah. But I don't really care about the NBA that much. And so I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I grew up uh I get I grew up in Detroit and I don't know how we all became. My dad had just grew up being Detroit fans and so the Lions have been the worst team in the NFL for decades. So that's always been, it's just like you turn it on. I can't watch. You just got to go
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: know that's doing very well. Um, I mean, I guess the rams have been sort of exciting since McVeigh came and they had a great year and they made the Super Bowl and then embarrassed themselves And it was the most boring Super Bowl, like in the history of all time.
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: night.
SPEAKER_L: I mean there at least I guess respectable compared to when they have Jeff fisher and would like consistently go like seven and nine just every single year. He's like a joke and a meme on like hard knocks and like, I don't know uh sports are, sports are a joy, but I think that I've finally gotten better at sort of properly um uh assigning the proper amount of importance to sports because it used to be a lot more of like a gut punch for me. And now I think, I guess I'm saying I've just been beaten down finally, so that's right.
SPEAKER_R: Finally admit him. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I follow crappy teams and this is what happens and so I expect nothing. And then like a you get pleasantly surprised sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Probably. Probably same for me. I used to just feel like my blood pressure would rise and have so much stress by in the game and then just be upset if we lost. But now it's just like we lost.
SPEAKER_L: it's like
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: we're in for a weekend in the old days. For me, it was just like, oh man, the entire rest of saturday was terrible or, or whatever. Finally got perspective I guess.
SPEAKER_R: You know, it takes a couple of decades of getting beat down.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. Slow learner. Um So you're, you're on business travel right now, you said, how long do you, how long do you stay away for generally from home?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, so like I'll be out from this week monday to thursday because I have this friday off and then I'll come back out for another week and then I have to go back on weekends and then uh so for this one I'll be three weeks in total.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. That's some, you definitely are doing some heavy travel. Is this the first one of these conversations things that you've done or have you done others of these?
SPEAKER_R: Well, this is the first one I've actually had someone else show up. So this was the third one I've tried but the first one someone else showed up on the other end, so But it's the first time I've done this one I've just started getting into prolific only last couple of months.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: Kind
SPEAKER_L: scary.
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like just
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like it.
SPEAKER_L: little side money here and there, it never heard. And like, yeah, the first time I tried doing this I sort of got the girl they match with was like a 15 year old girl or something and I think that she saw me and she was like horrified
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and like you lost like four minutes and then like was like, I'll be like, I'll be right back and she walked away and then just never came back and the camera was just rolling and I was like, I don't know what to do. And so I just sort of finished time out and they pay me for the time because I didn't actually talk to her for 25
SPEAKER_R: Under
SPEAKER_L: minutes.
SPEAKER_R: save them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It was like, oh my God. But yeah, this is the third one now that I've actually had success. And um it's I'm curious about what they're trying to learn from from this.
SPEAKER_R: I know that's what, that's what intrigued me was like. I guess they're trying to understand how strangers have, what starts conversations. What topics do you choose? I was trying to determine that as well. Like what was the purpose of the study? It was pretty interesting trying to figure that out.
SPEAKER_L: it's definitely a lot easier. It's like weird as it sounds like having Covid be a thing because you can immediately just go to like Covid like Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, because that's sucking for me too.
SPEAKER_L: that's just like my go to like it's like going on a blind date. And I don't know, it just feels really weird
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: convicted.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: How do I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: people?
SPEAKER_L: imagine being the person to like watch all of these things like just hours of footage of strangers having awkward conversations.
SPEAKER_R: Good luck with those grad assistants that are.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and like this has been a good conversation actually. All that might have been good but I have to imagine they got to get some that are like brutal like there has to be people that are.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Or just silence in it.
SPEAKER_L: they should they should make a highlight video and then send it to all of us so we can enjoy.
SPEAKER_R: The awkwardness,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh All right. I think we have 25 minutes so it was really good talking with you. Yeah man have a good one to enjoy the rest of your business travel and stay safe out there bro. Yes
SPEAKER_R: My quiet. Take
SPEAKER_L: thanks
SPEAKER_R: it easy man.