Mhm. Yeah. All right. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Mhm. Excuse me. Mhm. Hey,
good man, how you doing?
Right, right on. So I just I started a timer for the 25 minutes to make sure that we
about
this
and other
places.
Oh yeah, yeah, I I saw that but I clicked into this a while ago, so the time has been already running yeah, with that, so I just use my phone. So um how's your week going man?
Oh right on. So um uh you have you been having to work from home and stuff?
same, same for me, we still aren't back in the office and they're saying that it might not be until after the new year and so it's just like it's so weird and so what kind of, you know?
good man. Yeah. Well keep me a watchdog. Good stuff. You get to travel a lot for that,
wow. So you really are gone alive?
All right on
you, get that podium and you can eat
food.
No,
that's crazy. That's really nice. For sure. It'll take you like all over the country.
Sure man. Yeah. That's cool. That's pretty cool. Um Where are you based out of?
On
I work as a product manager for a software company that deals with health and beauty and wellness companies. Um It's yeah, it's not bad work, but it's just been really weird not being like physically in the office and I feel lucky because it is work that lends itself pretty well too like virtual and all that kind of stuff with you. We can still basically get everything done. It's just a lot of zoom meetings and uh,
it just, I don't know, it just still feels strange to me. I thought I would get more accustomed to working from home, but like, like my wife, she deals with it pretty well, the kids have been dealing with it pretty well, but for me, I don't know, I still like, I get antsy and I'm sick of it, like I'm ready to go back and like not be in the home office the whole time, not as paul, by the way, sorry, I
hey, nice to meet you bro.
Yeah, so it's, it's cool, I'm in California and um like the biggest thing that we've been dealing with aside from just obviously all the Kobe craziness we've been having like all types of fires and just crazy stuff, like the air quality has been just brutal. Um It's been, it's been of such a weird year
like
Over
Yeah, that's uh that's crazy like for here people have been really pretty hardcore about wearing the mask and everything and definitely like if you're not wearing one, like you get like the looks from people,
but we feel
like people are
for it.
Yeah, exactly, like it just, it feels bad and so it just, I guess that's the thing, that's crazy to me is how quickly that became like habit of just having the mask around
all the time, pop it on. Um at first it felt like I was having a frickin anxiety attack every time I was worth it because it's like, oh my God, I'm just breathing
and hot.
Yeah, but you get used to it. It's it's weird. I almost wish that we could like kind of just make that a thing that like we do as a country like during flu season every year likely
to
wow, like just wear the thing, like it's, I don't know, people
are funny man, but yeah, that's that's weird. That would be like going into the twilight zone, being in some part of the country where people are just like, oh you know, it's it's cool.
Where?
That's cool though that they they're giving some options there and let letting people do like whatever they're comfortable with uh like for sure, I I know our kids are like flipping out and they really want to go back to school, which seems great because they used to just complain and you
know. Yeah, exactly and now it's like oh I want to go back to school but I don't know even they've done a pretty good job adapting and I guess the biggest concern for us is just them lagging behind, Falling behind with certain subject areas and that kind of stuff, it
feels.
What a good kid.
That's incredible stuff, man.
Yeah, I know, it's like when, when they have that passion for you really want to just keep that momentum going for sure. And I just think virtual stuff is really hard. It's really hard. I couldn't imagine doing it when I was a kid. Like, just I don't know. I
Sorry, say again.
totally.
There's just no way I would have been successful in that format, but God bless the teachers
and everybody else for finding ways to make this work. It's just, I can't imagine how many times they've had to pivot and have contingency plans in 50 different plans. It's like, it's crazy. Um
Have you guys had to have anything like, have like has your family had any major stuff canceled because of Covid, like did you have trips or anything that you were planning on doing?
That's a bummer.
That's the thing. It's like, you don't even really know like what is sort
of
like, what
does the end date of this going to be like, what does it look like? And it just feels like everything is so second to second as far as that's all that stuff. It's just, it's hard to get excited about even just making plans now, like, for the future because you just don't know,
it's weird. Like actually my folks, um who I think are just totally insane, did travel to Vegas actually pretty recently. And like my older brother, he was giving them stuff like, you know, we were all just like, just wait. You know, why, why do you have to be like the Canary in the coal mine or whatever and be like that subject like, just pause, it's fine. And like, there's not that much open right now anyways, you're not going to get to have like your normal Vegas experience, they're just like, no, they went anyways and I guess they were all turned out fine, but oh
my goodness gracious! I thought it was really silly and they're like, oh there's like uh there's sinks in the casinos and on the casino floor now this is our they gave us these little Shockey's the open doors with so we don't have to touch things and you guys are knuckleheads like
Disney is still not open out here actually. I've worked for Disney for about 10 years, my brother works for Disney and they've just gotten absolutely destroyed from this like, so
many former colleagues I know have been furloughed or just altogether laid off. Um And it's across segments, I mean parks and resorts got hit really hard obviously but like everybody is just got completely smashed. But yeah, in California the theme park thing is just like not a priority at all for whatever reason, I don't know how they were able to make better inroads in florida. I guess they've got better governmental relations down there or whatever to make that happen. But in California it's just been like a complete nonstarter. Um But yeah it's a it's a trip to imagine that park like 20% capacity or Disney world or something like I can't it sounds nice actually. Um Compared
to what?
exactly.
Yeah, it's normally so brutal. Um Are you guys are you sports fans
on
gatto
just starting to watch like you gotta get on back like
I
do. Are you Alabama, are you are you a world tied
auburn? Okay, right on. Right.
I
think there's a lot of people that would agree with that. Uh I mean we're freaking pac 12 fans and so we're just completely irrelevant to everything. Like nobody cares about us. The teeth brutal. Um But
I was just so grateful that any college football came back at all. Like I I was totally thinking that we were gonna get nothing. So I don't know,
I'm grateful.
Seventh. So it's like the week after Halloween, I think how on a saturday or something, it's like the following weekend after that will be the first week and they're going for like there's a six game schedule and then you're going to get 1/7 game, which they will depend on. So that's sort of like almost the playoff game or like that will be the championship game week and then whoever is not in the championship game, they're going to make matchups up for a final seventh game. We'll see kind of how things go. There's not a lot of wiggle room if stuff goes bad from like a
virus
standpoint and all that because they did start so late. So it'll be interesting to see what happens if all of a sudden a lot of people start getting sick or what they how they deal with it because yeah, there's just nowhere to really delay. So yeah,
no, um I went to Berkeley so I root for cal which just like basically it's just like getting punched in the nuts like every single year because always disappointment. Like we've gotten slightly better over the last, we got a new coach a few years ago, we used to have sonny dykes who moved on to like S. M. U. Or something and we've got two coaches now sort of has a vision and is building a program to that vision and there's been like steps forward and that's for cal fan about as much as
you can ask
for
us,
see for the first time in like 15 years. Um Not this past year but the year before and that was like and I was like crying, it was like the happiest. I felt just like my entire life. It's like that's where we're at basically is cal fans. Um And I do like the basketball better and we're sort of equally Annette in college basketball as college football, but it doesn't change anything. I just love it. I've always loved college sports
on.
Um He was a Justin Wilcox, he was a coordinator, he might have been a coordinator Oregon at one point, I don't know, he played at Oregon a long time ago, but he's been a D. C. At Wisconsin. He was a D. C. At Boise state. He was a D. C. At USC actually. And then cal gave him his first head coaching job. Actually. A lot of people sort of think that one day he might move on to Oregon that that might sort of be his ultimate dream destination since he played there. And like so we have like such a loser mentality that we just assume that everything that ever happened to us is going to get taken away eventually. Uh
product
with.
it's a
baby.
Often
auburn is legit. I mean like you guys get some legit talent and you guys play tough and yeah, I mean Alabama is just such a machine. Like I can't imagine it. I just, I just can't believe that they do everything above board and
that there's no sort of on this happened there, but he's like a mythical figure, like he doesn't seem like an actual human has achieved this like God tier status where he just sort of writes his own his own path. Like like every time you think like oh they've got these amazing players, they're gone now, it's like oh wait but they've got 11 more guys behind them and they're all even better than that guy that just left. It's just every freaking year total, complete reload. Uh It's gnarly.
it would be, I just can't imagine what it would be like to support a team that enjoys that level of success I guess. Like it would be weird.
but you just go into the season knowing that things are gonna turn out well instead of like praying that maybe you make a bowl game. Like, I don't know, it's just no
and it's like before
in Alabama was, I mean there was a lot of sort of like they weren't horrible but they were like, you know, they were on earth basically they weren't saying. And then he came after bombing out what dolphins or something, You go into the NFL bombed out and then he goes to Alabama and all of a sudden he just turns it into a juggernaut. It was so crazy.
Whoever that athletic director was that like saw the juice in suburban, like
that guy
or lady, whoever it was really had really made a good call. The Iron Bowl was the one with the kick.
Thank you. Was it an auburn benefit from matter to Alabama benefit from that? It's like a blank.
You guys were once it caught it and then in the, it was crazy. That was not the craziest thing you've ever seen.
That's amazing.
Yeah. No kidding man. That's that's two really intense things. Like, especially back to back like that. That's crazy. Meanwhile the craziest thing that we ever happened is like from 1983 and it was like when the band came out on the field, when we were playing stanford, it was like collateral. Then you look at the tape now
and for like, you know, like half those would have been like forward passes today and your plate, it shouldn't have even counted. Like, Again, other things like, right, Yes, we do think. Yeah.
Yes, I am. I'm actually extremely nervous um, for this evening. I can't believe they actually came back and beat the braves in that series.
I heard a lot of comments about just like Atlanta sports teams in general, they made reference to the Super Bowl. You know, the patriots saying I I was completely shocked. Like I was, I was 100% like just done with it and they came back and won.
But
I don't know. And I sort of just expect bad things and so I have no great hope that they're going to like do, um, do well in the World Series even if their favorite, I don't care, I just have like a feeling of dread. And again, I think that's just my upbringing in watching loser teams for the most part. Although the Lakers like as they're okay like there. Yeah. But I don't really care about the NBA that much. And so I don't know.
I
know that's doing very well. Um, I mean, I guess the rams have been sort of exciting since McVeigh came and they had a great year and they made the Super Bowl and then embarrassed themselves And it was the most boring Super Bowl, like in the history of all time.
But
I mean there at least I guess respectable compared to when they have Jeff fisher and would like consistently go like seven and nine just every single year. He's like a joke and a meme on like hard knocks and like, I don't know uh sports are, sports are a joy, but I think that I've finally gotten better at sort of properly um uh assigning the proper amount of importance to sports because it used to be a lot more of like a gut punch for me. And now I think, I guess I'm saying I've just been beaten down finally, so that's right.
I follow crappy teams and this is what happens and so I expect nothing. And then like a you get pleasantly surprised sometimes.
it's like
we're in for a weekend in the old days. For me, it was just like, oh man, the entire rest of saturday was terrible or, or whatever. Finally got perspective I guess.
Yeah, exactly. Slow learner. Um So you're, you're on business travel right now, you said, how long do you, how long do you stay away for generally from home?
Okay. Yeah. That's some, you definitely are doing some heavy travel. Is this the first one of these conversations things that you've done or have you done others of these?
It's
scary.
Yeah. It's like just
little side money here and there, it never heard. And like, yeah, the first time I tried doing this I sort of got the girl they match with was like a 15 year old girl or something and I think that she saw me and she was like horrified
that
like,
yeah, and like you lost like four minutes and then like was like, I'll be like, I'll be right back and she walked away and then just never came back and the camera was just rolling and I was like, I don't know what to do. And so I just sort of finished time out and they pay me for the time because I didn't actually talk to her for 25
minutes.
It was like, oh my God. But yeah, this is the third one now that I've actually had success. And um it's I'm curious about what they're trying to learn from from this.
it's definitely a lot easier. It's like weird as it sounds like having Covid be a thing because you can immediately just go to like Covid like Yeah,
that's just like my go to like it's like going on a blind date. And I don't know, it just feels really weird
like
but
I
can't
imagine being the person to like watch all of these things like just hours of footage of strangers having awkward conversations.
Yeah and like this has been a good conversation actually. All that might have been good but I have to imagine they got to get some that are like brutal like there has to be people that are.
they should they should make a highlight video and then send it to all of us so we can enjoy.
Yeah. Uh All right. I think we have 25 minutes so it was really good talking with you. Yeah man have a good one to enjoy the rest of your business travel and stay safe out there bro. Yes
thanks