Hey, how's it going, man?
pretty good.
All right, nice. Yeah, I know you can
click
back
to the
other uh web page and it has a timer at the very bottom.
not too bad. I've been uh finally got back into work and my work clothes. I've been traveling actually.
Yeah, I've been working from home since early March. 100% morgue. So.
I work so work federal government, but I work examining banks. So I go in and assess risk inside banks and kind of talk to management there and kind of figure out what they have going on and make sure they're not doing anything to our consumers basically.
Yeah, I probably travel like Well before going, but I was probably traveling like 60% of the time.
Yeah. Yeah, it's usually, but it goes in spurts, it'll be like I'm gone for two months and I'm home for two months. But you you go home every weekend and then we have every other friday off too. So there's
yeah flexible schedule that way. But uh it's it's a bit of travel, but there's just travel money when you do it. So that's
I get over
here. I'm in college when you're driving. Yeah. So Yeah, that's
an extra 8-10 grand probably each year Justin travel money.
Uh sometimes so most you have like a field office and then from there you have a a general location area, you know, kind of a geographic area you go to. Um usually nothing more than a four hour drive one way that far out. But I mean otherwise I've gone Chicago dc Salt lake L. A. Just depends on what is called Dallas that, you know, there's banks everywhere. So
Kansas city. Mm.
Yeah. What about you?
Yeah.
I'm set. what's that?
Let's meet your call.
I agree with that completely. Before. I mean for us, I guess it's been a little more lax probably in the midwest.
I'm out here. I'm actually in Oklahoma right now and like no one's wearing masks. They're not mandating anything. You know, like it's kind of weird. You walk into a place where you're like, you have your mask on, you look around like no one else has it, like, I guess
like uh
try
shaving
with
ice.
Good.
I can't
breathe.
Put
it on. Right.
No.
I am I having a dream that's kind of, it felt a little strange. But uh for us I guess is what like are, so we live in suburbs outside Kansas city and we're kind of not too far out, but kind of the mid range of suburbs as they go out.
And we I mean for elementary school, for my daughter there there in person. So yeah, so she's going every day they mask up, they have like hand sanitizer things once every hour, you know, they're gonna squirt squirt that up. And then, but middle school and high schools are completely virtual, such as elementary schools. They felt okay with doing I guess because we have there's more elementary schools and in the areas I guess they felt it was spread out enough, but They still let people, you can opt to go virtual if you wanted. And so so the classes are probably smaller that way. Probably normally have like 25 kids in a class, but we're down to like 15 because of it. So.
It's cool.
That was a
big yeah. Yeah, that was our big thing is like Because they were only gonna, if you did it online, you don't have to do like 40 minutes in person. And then the rest of it was like on your own. And I was like, I don't know because my daughter, I don't like to be biased or like brag everything, but she's she's pretty advanced. I mean, we were like any time we want to do something together if I'm pushing on a swing or whatever, she's like, all right, give me some math problem with that. And I'm like, all right. So,
so Yeah, she is. And so her teacher that she's with now, she's in second grade teacher has been talking about maybe her skipping a grade or even going like gifted program. She's going to test her for that because I mean she's on I don't know, they do map map scores is what they're called, I don't know if that's nationwide, but she's in the 99th%ile and everything. So yeah, she's doing well, which is always good, you know, you do as well, but
but I feel like if she was doing virtual that she wouldn't have that opportunity, so we definitely that feeling that she would get kind of kind of be bored with what she was doing and really was interested and wanted to learn.
What's more, not with dope,
sorry, It was hard enough when I was an adult, I didn't like my NBA online, so they were not being a kid, like that's something I could comprehend. At least I felt like I was more disciplined as an adult, you know, you can
follow up to something.
Nothing.
Hello?
Oh yeah, I mean right away, it was big trips. I mean we plan to have uh two sisters and a brother out in Vegas. So our plans for that got canceled and then go out and visit them because I was like there's too much tourism people internationally that come in. I'm not I'm not going to Vegas, you guys can keep that. But um then I we also have had a nephew was supposed to get married and I got pushed back till he was gonna get married the in the summer, but now he pushed it back to the next november. So
I'm hopefully by that point everything is done, you know?
What does
it take
you?
Yeah. Everything's stitching the air. Yeah.
It's
Yeah, I have a niece that lives in Orlando and so her and her family, they have season passes to Disney, and so once Disney went back up and she was like, you know, posting videos and pictures of it and it's just empty park so they have like no lines waiting, I was like that must be the best. Yeah.
Come on.
Sounds like
I wouldn't mind doing, you know, spend uh
getting out there, I can only stand in line for five minutes, that's no problem.
Yeah, so I'm probably more so into uh collegiate sports, I mean,
I'm from the south east, originally from Alabama and so the more, you know, sec football, that kind of stuff, keep up with that in basketball, but uh but also, you know, kind of took on the Chiefs as a
adopted as I've been out here for a few years, so
It's
A one man.
No auburn.
I can't stand Alabama. I call
Obama.
Yeah. Well we will be fans they're from California originally, so
Remember
a couple more weeks before PAC 12 starts first part.
With
you.
Yeah. USC fan?
definitely.
So
you
can go for it.
Yeah, I agree. And my parents, they're they're US USC fans, they originally from Sacramento area. Ah
Yeah, so I don't know this is kind of what they always followed, but so I kind of grew up watching a little bit of, you know, USC but other than that I haven't really keep up with college sports altogether, isn't the coach for cow old Oregon coach?
It's
fun
on the road will be robbed, but you know, you
don't
know, we're always the, you know, the second best in the state rights. It's always, it's always Alabama and Alabama is always gonna win, but I don't know, we do all right in the Iron Bowl each year, kind of always
put the fight.
it's
I always hated because you always, it's always some reading that guy that comes up and he's like, we don't recruit, we reload like Arian you're not wrong but still uh
such a fantasy kind of thing that we can't even comfortable. Yeah.
See
I'm not
it was it was overnight to because they've lost who was a Shula before him who used who had was the old Miami coach but and he lost like I think it's five or six iron balls in a row and so he got kicked and they finally picked up saved him after he got booted out of Miami. And it's pretty much almost overnight have like one year to get fruits in
you're
looking for.
Kick
Well we have benefited.
Yeah. Yeah because well then the week before they call that the when we played Georgia they called it the prayer at Jordan hare and it's where they were at the very end, the fourth quarter last few seconds left and ball gets tipped by two defenders. But then the auburn wide receiver catches it and runs to the end zone. So it's like back to back weeks of just craziness. Crazy ending
the wild season that year.
Doesn't.
you a doctor spin now? That's
I know all my friends are braves fans growing up in Alabama and that's brave territory. But everyone I saw it was just like how we just braved it up again. You know, we're up 31 series and we
Ball
back.
Yeah. I grew up uh I get I grew up in Detroit and I don't know how we all became. My dad had just grew up being Detroit fans and so the Lions have been the worst team in the NFL for decades. So that's always been, it's just like you turn it on. I can't watch. You just got to go
back.
Good
night.
Finally admit him. Yeah.
Yeah. Probably. Probably same for me. I used to just feel like my blood pressure would rise and have so much stress by in the game and then just be upset if we lost. But now it's just like we lost.
All
You know, it takes a couple of decades of getting beat down.
Oh, so like I'll be out from this week monday to thursday because I have this friday off and then I'll come back out for another week and then I have to go back on weekends and then uh so for this one I'll be three weeks in total.
Well, this is the first one I've actually had someone else show up. So this was the third one I've tried but the first one someone else showed up on the other end, so But it's the first time I've done this one I've just started getting into prolific only last couple of months.
Kind
of.
Yeah, I like it.
So
you
know.
Under
save them. Yeah.
I know that's what, that's what intrigued me was like. I guess they're trying to understand how strangers have, what starts conversations. What topics do you choose? I was trying to determine that as well. Like what was the purpose of the study? It was pretty interesting trying to figure that out.
Oh yeah, because that's sucking for me too.
If
convicted.
How do I
know
people?
Good luck with those grad assistants that are.
Uh Or just silence in it.
The awkwardness,
My quiet. Take
it easy man.