I'd like to turn on living room light. I'd like to turn on kitchen light. Yeah. All right. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. No one could change the even take Lord by themselves. What Here in 1945? Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank God. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Oh, I don't know. Uh huh. I still don't I don't know. I don't know.
Hi.
I'm don how are you?
I'm in Boise Idaho.
Mountain. Do you go to school?
You look young for your age?
I'm 53. So do you uh do you work right now or
no, I'm not. What is that?
Oh my bad.
I'm disabled so I stay home, but I do surveys and things like this just to pass the time and get a little spending money.
Brandon surveys is one of my favorites. I'll probably get the most from them. And then prolific uh is probably the second one. Um Then there's let's see Swag Bucks is one that I've gotten quite a few things from, so
they're very good and I just got another $30 from them for just different things that I filled out. Uh Do those, you know receipts that you get and
Yeah and rebates, but if you also just even taking pictures of receipt you get to swag bucks, so that's just you know
it does.
How do you spell that
empty? You are gay?
huh.
Uh huh. In turk members.
Well
that is. Yeah
sure. Go for it.
Oh wow. Who do you do that through?
compass marketing research. Huh.
That wouldn't work for me.
How
do you look, we want to do that kind of stuff.
Oh I'm sure
Yes I am.
Oh is it?
the
Right I wonder how I would look that up in this area.
Okay. Do you look that under just uh like google or something?
okay, that sounds good.
Uh
mhm
define crowds uh
dot com
dot ai and then what's after that?
That's
it.
What?
Oh my goodness. Uh huh.
go for it.
What product to
to you be okay.
Hey that's that counts
too because you use everything there.
Top
sir.
user testing What?
User insights.
how do you feel that?
one.
Oh my goodness that's an awesome thing
I haven't heard of any of these it's amazing.
Right That's A Good one. Yeah
it was
with branded surveys I've been averaging Probably close 40-50. uh well About 40 weeks I guess mm
Well for it
How do you spell that 1?
L.
A. And
S.
E. A. L. E. S. I. S. I. N. G. E. R.
Jackson associates.
yeah I've tried them but they can get back on there because they said they had enough in my area.
uh sort of just I've just been kind of getting familiar with it. What about
and yeah.
but
who paid you? Okay.
find out a way how to depict it myself?
my goodness, wow, that is amazing, that is interesting to find out because there's so much out there that we just don't even know how to tap into you. Do
you have
kids? I didn't
mean to interrupt,
No.
Yeah, me too.
now I have I have two nephews and one niece as well, but there are unfortunately way down in Dallas, so they don't get to see him or talk to him or anything, so I kind of don't feel connected to family and that in that part I have other family up here that's kind of distant that like 3rd and 4th cousins but we get along just like we're first cousins and you know stuff so it's nice to be able to have some connection to family in some way, but I hate with this covid having to be separated from everybody.
What was there something else you had that you were going to share
go? Mhm. Yes. Two, wow the series yeah.
you,
wow. Now I do have a degree but um it's not in english but
to be able to help with others without a degree would be kind of nice.
I see,
sure go for it.
I'm
my,
digital moment.
Oh I see. Uh that would be interesting to you. Um I was working
toward my teaching certificate in biology and chemistry and so I
have a lot of secondary and higher ed uh
education if you will. And so but teaching, how do you do teaching if you don't know the language?
I bet.
I'm bad.
it's
cake,
All
Oh my goodness.
Well sure.
Oh hi, I bet there, yeah.
no.
I'm
Yeah.
Oh my goodness, wow.
I bet it is. I bet it is.
How
would you how do you find those kind of things? Sure.
Spartan.
Mhm. How do you s L
Which
I wouldn't be able to do so.
I talk i is that I is an I
or I
the letter I okay I talk
I
you
never know.
well fine
mhm Yeah all right but I've been out of it so long I would have to get more books and stuff
Their
curriculum
and
well
sure sure I can understand that
I was just gonna say because that's kind of necessary now so yes
environment
I
wrote
that yeah.
Now would you start I don't even have a Reddit account so do you just go to Reddit and then set up account and then go to beer money?
Okay okay top Iranian say got
that
no
no problem it's like good information
proxy picks. Yeah wow.
And
is that
No
just
mhm just oh okay there it goes. Yeah I see it, Wow, 75, 75.
And
this is taking pictures of a house,
Well
that's
good information for them because they need that their business.
Oh it makes sense,
right, it sounds like it
it
They'll bump up the price,
no, wow, that's the way to go.
that's That's helpful, that's really helpful because see with my social security the only money I get is $760 a month. And so and then of course they do pay my insurance and my medications which my medications Was running 15,000 a month and unfortunately I didn't have to pay for it, they paid for it, so they allow you to do these kind of things to bump you know to make. Um And then I got a roommate that's helping me um you know split the rent on on my have a mobile home and so that's where my mobile home is sits that you have to pay rental you know for the mobile space I guess that's what you call it. But
you know what you know how it works kind of thing and but you know you you always have the insurance of your house insurance and and things that you've got to pay and it's nice to be able to have just a little money that you can just kinda you know he used for whatever. I just
recently got my life insurance things signed up for and I'm paying for it out of what I get the money I get for research alright for surveys and so. And um I've been finding there's another one called Product Report dot com Product Report card dot com. That gets you to um like um focus groups. Like online focus groups. In fact they set me up with one, I had to do a 90 minute session three different uh one month once a month and I got 100 and $50 for that. And
that
was kind of nice. So
Product Report card dot com is a is a good site that can lead you to a lot of different um what he calls um focus groups. So if you wanted that one you could look at that one
called branded surveys. B. R. A. N. D. E. D. S. U. R. V. E. Y. S.
And you know, I think Brandon surveys out of all the surveys I do gives you more surveys. And they also if you do a certain amount of surveys for a week they'll give you bonus points you know to bump up your your numbers. And so it makes it it makes it kinda helpful. That's the one I do a lot. In fact I I do
branded surveys probably 56 hours a day. So you know it's it's nice so it's one now when you first have to fill out you know how you have to fill out all those stupid questions about would you
want to sign up for this? Do you want to sign up for that after you get through that? Then you get on where it's just you know and you can change the email how often they email you. Usually they'll say a new survey and send you one every five minutes you know or less you know? But if you change the thing, things saying only send it to me at this time and this time it makes it where it doesn't fill up your email.
Right,
okay. Oh my God.
I'll
try again. Yeah. And I I tried
I think I wrote down never a while ago in the video.
How
did
you feel that I didn't write that down? Is an M. As in R. E M.
Members? Okay.
Prolific assistant, I'm not doing that one.
I did get that on my um I have a Chromebook and I put it up there at the extension so it always lets me know when somebody is asking for something on prolific. So I did that so that
Hip finder. Uh huh.
No. What is that?
turk review
I'm bad
or hypothesis either way
The
work immediately,
master's degrees.
wow wow, how nice.
right right, that sounds incredible that that really sounds incredible, it sounds like I got a lot of work to do now.
definitely
it
sounds like it
I just
want to
control
Oh wow, that's awesome, that's great to know that's
gonna be good advice be able to go that way and get that started.
you can
what,
that's
amazing.
no doubt no doubt I agree completely. Well I guess we're going over our time but that's okay I've enjoyed this
yes oh and the second time the second one
Have you? Okay
six times? Right.
I've enjoyed it.
That's right
yes I can I can see that
It
yeah it sounds like it sounds like it's gonna be once I get going on it it sounds like it will be its own on um machine if you will.
Yes I'm here.
That's right
just
talking
think
that's great that's good job, good work
and
Well that's great
Right it sure would be, it sure would be and that's something huh I'll have to look up to see what I can find on that.
how nice, how nice.
You know
I did one focus group that, I don't even remember how I got invited to it, but it was a court case they wanted to know prior to going to court and so we spent two days and I got $300 just for spending, it was one full day and then a half a day and that was just uh it was interesting and it was just kind of want them doing, I don't know if you've ever seen Bull on Cbs where they have those, where he has those trial things trial, where he has uh participants that pretend to be certain jurors, they find certain people that have the same attributes as other jurors that's kind of what they were having. But we had goodness, there were a lot of us there there was probably 100 people there but
and then just sit down and discuss the court cases though, what would you give the judgment and stuff? It was really interesting so, but it was something, you know, you can't discuss with anybody. So a lot of these things will say don't don't tell anybody, you know, two proprietary
or information.
Yeah, they did they did at at a nice hotel. So it was not
$0,300 for what
for
for a day and a half. So
that was amazing. So if I could find ways to find out how to get those, those would be helpful here and there.
That's awful. Yeah.
No.
That's
Well
no doubt.
huh.
I was
in the plank on a long time ago and of course back years ago goodness. This was early 2000, I was with pine cone, they had a acorn research is what they called it first and then they changed their name to pine cone and they would send you products and and surveys and stuff so you were constantly evaluating things, but if you missed one product they kick you out and that's what happened way back when so
jesus,
Oh yeah, that's true,
I've heard of that,
Oh yeah, I can imagine, I can imagine.
Well
Oh I never thought of that.
and thats
unfaithful.
Oh my goodness!
Oh yes, excuse me.
Oh my goodness wow wow.
Okay and and she's on facebook or youtube?
00 I see
While
and an article
car No.
I bet.
Oh my goodness.
now physically I just don't think I would be able to do dumpster diving because because I have physical limitations as well so
that might
Different
no.
yes definitely.
Right Exactly, this sounds like it, so instead of spending so much time just on surveys I'd be able to spend a little bit of time on each, each type of topic and go that way and then possibly expand for what I needed. Yeah I mean I appreciate this and I hate to go but I do have to go
uh four o'clock and
are in
Central or Eastern.
Would
you?
I'm going to work at it. You
too?
I appreciate
that.
Yeah. That's right. Exactly. Well
thank you.
Yeah you're yours too. I appreciate it too. And your information was wonderful. So have a good one.