Hello
how you doing? My name is Jeremy
Wonderful. Where you at
Atlanta Georgia basically. Stone Mountain though. Yeah.
I'm actually 42 years old so. No.
I know I I constantly hear that
Yeah I work for V. I. P. Kids teaching english online. Are you familiar with them?
You basically get paid to teach Children in china. Um But you can still be in the States so um I have to be up very early in the morning to match chinese time for the afternoon
but it's a wonderful opportunity in the past. I've actually taught overseas in china and also in Taiwan so it's not really it's not really that different gone it's just being on a computer. How about yourself? How about yourself?
Always always. What are some of the companies that you're with? Because I do quite a bit of service myself.
I like them.
rebates
definitely. It all adds up.
I'll tell you what I do. So I've never heard of Brandon surveys. I'll check them out. But I you I use mturk
M. T. U. RK
and mturk is the long name is amazon mechanical turk but we call it mturk and uh it's an amazon company and the great thing that you love about it, don everybody's on their um you have universities, you have institutions, you have companies like google and Microsoft but you're basically doing tasks that computers can't do right now. Uh But I'm in a group. Let me see if I'm gonna find it for you really quickly. I'm in a facebook group, you'll you'll love it. Um bunch of bunch of women for the most part uh
Mturk members
and it's a great group to belong to simply because it's like, you know, being around the water cooler at the during the break time and we share lots of information. Um Then the other things that I do uh in Atlanta area, we have market research companies. So I get paid to eat food.
So
I'll give you I'll give you two quick examples if you don't mind.
So last week you can you can do this every three months for the different market research companies. But last week somebody paid me $40 to eat two chicken sandwiches and you're in a room with the laptop with like other people giving feedback. And then just this actually two weeks ago that happened and then last week I got paid $50 to give feedback on tartar sauce and butterfly shrimp.
Um In the Atlanta area we have a company called PVR Research. And then we also have a company called compass uh CMR compass marketing Research.
But the thing is is that you have to be in the Atlanta area to do it because you
it wouldn't work for you. But
something
I was donating blood plasma. And a friend of mine, I was a nurse at the time. He's now director over a nursing home. But he wasn't at the blood classical center and he literally just gave me all of the different companies. Mm And uh him and his wife, they're married. They have a house Children blah blah blah. So you you know how surveys work depending on what demographic you belong to. You can really open up some opportunities.
So with him being married and having a family and having a house, he's been able to do some surveys where he gets like $4-$500 just for one shot. Just because they might want to talk to him about vacuum cleaners and they might want to talk to him about uh lawnmowers. You know? But there was one that he did his whole family. They took their blood and they tested the blood for like so many different things. But it paid a couple $100. But the best thing that you ever did are you from here with chick fil a.
He went to check in Atlanta is where chick fil a's based out of
mm the families here too. Long story short In it in Atlanta, he went to their test kitchen and they paid him $300 to eat chick fil
a sandwiches and provide feedback. But I will get but I will tell you this, I've gotten paid $40 to eat to medium french fries from chick fil A. And I've also made like 40 or 50 bucks to eat to prototype chicken chick fil a sandwiches. So I do know that I do know that they also use some of the marketing companies that I, I go to
just look for market research companies.
You can, you can get on google, definitely done. Um, Maybe in your area. Let me, I'm about to find an email that I just sent a friend because I want to, if you don't mind, I want to give you some other information that you can definitely use online.
Um, so over the weekend I worked for a company, I mean it's off and on, but they're artificial intelligence company called Nevo defined crowd in E
V O the uh
forward slash defined crowd. They go by, but they go by both names.
But the vote is really, really cool that the website is Nevo dot ai uh, N E V O period ai and
uh uh dot A ai ai.
That's it.
People.
Yeah. But um, I've done things for them, like listening to people talk to their phones. So whether they're talking to their Samsung phone or the Apple phone or their android. What people don't realize is when you talk to those phones, you have people like me in the background who make sure that the
ai correctly read what they had to say and and and typed it out correctly.
Also also something that I've done over the weekend. It took me an hour. I made $15. Um They had me read what the A. I would say to someone in a luxury vehicle and whether it was good or not, I'm gonna give you just a couple more uh
are you mobile? Are you able to go out okay? You, this is only for amazon credit, but the name of the website is called product tube.
That product tube T. U. B. E.
Dot com. You only get paid in amazon credit. But hey
I don't
Uh you're gonna love product tube don because what you'll do, you go in the store and you literally uh make a 5-10 minute video and then upload it. So they'll they'll tell you like look go into the section of the store, tell us uh your you know what you what you feel about cough syrup
and
and which which one do you like? Which one don't you like? And blah blah blah blah and you just provide you provide the feedback. Um Next we have user testing
and that's user testing dot com. Um Pretty much you provide usability feedback. So websites that you go to, they want to make sure before they go live that they actually work so you can provide feedback for for their websites, making sure there's nothing wrong with them. Moving on. We have we have user insights
And with user insights it's like five minutes, $5 all and same thing. You pretty much, they'll tell you to go to a website and provide feedback and you get you recorded are uh hi paul
I. P. O. L. L. And with them it's just surveys but some sometimes like I'm going into focus groups so I did a focus group for Butterfinger because they were trying to figure out um what to do after Bart Simpson. So for like three months they paid me $100 for three months just to be in a focus group. Then something else that I've done with my pole At town surveys that only paid me like maybe 50 cents. But then it brought me to a group and they were like we want you to watch Pilots of TV shows and we'll give you $35 each time you do it. I've done
it like eight times.
Also. You.
The thing, the thing done with my poll is that you never know when you open up a survey What it's gonna be. So like a bunch of my $50 surveys. I've done it like 10 times. I've gotten paid $35 just to watch a pilot. But with PIPO um I average right around $25 a week with them.
And
then
I just got a few more to give you that I'm done.
So for market research groups I already shared with you PVR Encompass which are only in Atlanta. But and then we have another group called Atlanta out loud which is great as well. But nationwide I believe these two groups are nationwide slash slash in your group.
S. C. H. L. E. S.
I
am it F. F. B. H.
Elliot
and yes slash injured group dot com. And then the other one I think they might be nationwide. I'm not for sure. Is Jackson Associates
and Oh, you already? Of course. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um, actually two more pine cone, pine cone research.
Okay. Okay. I love them. They really work well with me. Okay. Are you, are you familiar with Reddit?
Um, Reddit don, there's all kinds of subreddit subgroups and one of the sub groups that you're going to love is called beer Money. Read it.
And what I'll tell you about bear money very briefly anyway that you can make money online. The bear money Read it. That group, they go hard with making money online. Final thing. Final thing with their money. Read it. They have fighting, they
have a monthly post called who paid you?
We have a guy on there who's who's disabled For the past four years. He averages $25-$30,000 a year. Only on line. And and they show you every month with a spreadsheet. This is how I made my money. So I'm telling you his name is. I know him as ox. I don't know what his whole name, but trust me when you get on bare money, read it, what you will begin to do, you'll see how other people make money. Yeah.
Yes ma'am. But Ox ox is disabled for whatever reason, he cannot get disability. So he's in bed all day long. He just had his leg amputated about nine months ago. So we we missed him for about nine months. He joked came back for September and he's already at 1800 for the month for September.
and yes.
What?
No
no no no
no no you're not interrupting. Uh No not at all. Um I have bipolar dawn.
It's a long time ago I decided that because it can be passed genetically that it would probably be best for me to be a child free. But I and I have um my baby sister Giovanni just had a baby boy last september and then um I already have two nephews and a niece with my other sister.
I agree definitely agree.
no um Let me let me just double check. Um.
Let me see that. Um I mean if you're injured there's I found I found this information for a gentleman. Um 10 companies that let you teach English online without a degree. That's actually the name of the article. Um
10 companies that let you teach english online without a degree.
Well
well see the thing is this done um It doesn't matter what your degree is in. You can still teach now. There are companies that I work for overseas that that didn't require, they require a degree but they didn't require a temple teaching english. We're teaching english as a second language. Uh
here that but when I went to china china was very particular, they wanted me to have a tempo. So I'll tell you the story. I mean I'm a storyteller.
Um I had a company called Wall Street English. They paid for me to fly to Thailand for a month,
put
me up in a hotel and paid for my uh temple for that month. Couldn't believe it. And they paid for me to fly to Beijing where I was going to be teaching. Put me up in a hotel for like a week or two and then gave me like forgotten what 10,000 RMB is worth. It might be like maybe three or $400 us, but still, that was my bonus just for showing up. I didn't believe it, you know? But that was a blessing. Um but at the same time, like I know a lot of folks better in the Usa or in europe. Um there, they've never been overseas. They, they've only been in their house talking to folks, but there's a concept that you might want to look into. Um you can find money this way as well. Digital Nomad.
Uh The concept is simple basically if you can teach or make money online, you can work anywhere in the world. So I know people who have moved to south America, they moved to europe. Um they moved to Southeast Asia. They, they literally live wherever they want to live simply because they make money online and that's what that digital nomad is.
What
What
All
The thing is this um the student is expected to study hard. You are expected to, even if you can speak the language, which I work with quite a few americans overseas that can speak mandarin chinese. They were, they were expected to never speak mandarin chinese. So you create an environment where is literally sink or swim. I now I will tell you don, I've taught both adults and I've taught Children. When I worked at Wall Street english, I worked with nothing but adults because I was in Beijing. Um I worked with some pretty high ranking folks, um both in government and also in in corporations. Uh and but at the same time just what normal people as well. But for the most part the the amount of money these folks are spending, they did have quite a bit of money.
On the flip side. I've also worked in Taiwan with Children in that environment. They always have a co teacher that speaks chinese if if but but again only until you get to a certain level before the most part um what would happen is I would teach a class once a week and the chinese teacher will teach a class once a week for the Children. They would have an opportunity to be okay being in some of their books on the lower levels, some of the concepts are explained to them in chinese, but eventually they get to a point where they're okay. I've actually also work with preschoolers as well. My preschoolers, oh my gosh their english. It was amazing once I got done with them. But
the reason why it was amazing was because their teachers um all spoke english to them for pretty much all throughout the day. By the time I got there it was nothing
and then
it was a piece of cake and they loved it. Um uh the other thing I tell you I also worked in the company, couldn't believe that this welsh guy, I never forget him. He was welsh crazy crazy watch guy when I was in Taiwan and he was like jeremy, do you want to uh some of my other jobs that I do on the side would you like you know some of them? So I took a job from him at a corporation and uh I I think you probably already know this but a lot of your the insides of your computer, our parts made in Taiwan I mean
it's amazing and invite you know, so there was a a technology park then I would go to and I asked them I said why am I here? This doesn't make sense because they didn't want me to teach, they just wanted me to be with the Children. And it was a it's like a daycare center while the parents worked in the factory from basically they said jeremy come here, I come in the building for 10 minutes I would hold the babies
and they said we just want them to be comfortable with you because if they're comfortable with a foreigner they'll be comfortable with learning the language.
Then they would bring me into the room with the 123 year olds. Uh huh
And I all I did was just play with them and then I would go into a room with like the four to the six year olds. Same thing just great and I made like um 3 - $400 a month is a side a side job doing that. Then
then the other place I told you about, somebody introduced me to that an american he wanted, going to china to teach it to work uh that teach or work, he went there to learn um something in Peking University in china And so he was like Jeremy would you like this job? Okay great. I met the owner, he liked me, boom I'm in so I made like 300 with him. I mean 3-400 with the place
where they just wanted me to just be friendly with the kids. And then on top of that I was making $2,000 a month with my normal job. Then that place had their own kindergarten to different schools where I work on the side so I was making like $3-$4,000 a month. Sometimes it was crazy. And what's sad is when I lived in china and also in Taiwan, Like the doctors in China and the teachers in China as far as professors they only make like $5-$600 a month
and I'm making 2500.
But don I want to tell you this final thing about english or not english about you? You you you I'm pointing at you over here. Okay when I was in Beijing there were quite a few white american uh teachers that had certificates certification. They were making $5 or $6,000 a month teaching math science side. You know stem science technology english, the english engineering, science, technology engineering and Mathematics. And so for you because you have a background in science, I would see if there were any opportunities for you to be able to teach or tutor online based around that because that's where the money's at.
But
over.
Just 1 2nd. This is this is a really good conversation. I want to say that. Um Dave Sperling Babe Sperling.
Um um He has a website called es El cafe.
Yes E. S. L. Cafe dot com. And that would probably be the first place where I would look. I mean most of the jobs are for you to go overseas but at
the same
but again it's a place to look. They also have message boards where you could be able to talk to other people who are already overseas. And you could ask then the other place where I would suggest that you go would probably be I talk I.
No
the letter I.
I trump
I talk I. And see what's going on there. But other than I mean my name place probably would be uh E. S. L. Cafe just to see if there's anything available
on.
Oh wow he's updated his website again. I mean this guy has been around for like 2030 years. Yeah all he does is post how you can get your certificates in teaching english or whatever you want ante post jobs and like the man is paid. He was doing this back when people weren't even thinking about posting stuff online. But uh yeah he has a uh let's see there's forums that are on here, so international forums, korean forum, china job forum and what I would do is create an account and just see because people are very friendly and they'll tell you like hey you know what this is something that you can do, I'm going to look for you really quickly if you don't mind
speaking science online.
But you know, my my thought is a lot of this stuff that you would probably be teaching would be, it would be
based,
it
would be, it would be their curriculum or it would be like that students curriculum or or it would be a curriculum of that company that you will be working for independently, it wouldn't necessarily be learning what you needed to learn in the past, it would just be learning what you need to learn for now. Um Because every like for me, teaching english, every company that I've ever worked for has a different curriculum has a different system, different methodology, pedagogy, whatever you wanna call it, they all have
something completely different and it's all about learning how to mix what you know with what they want you to to teach,
but at the end, yes.
Yes, I mean right now like uh there's so many opportunities that are available um for online money making. But the number one thing for you it keeps coming into my head is the Beer Money. Read it when
you go, when you
go
to the,
when you go to that website on Reddit, the first thing you're gonna see is they'll have like the top spare money sites that everybody always talks about. So you so you click on that and then the other thing is when you see like ox and all the other people posting once a month how they made their money, that's when you can begin to talk to them if you want. And also look into some of those opportunities.
Um You can go to Beer Money first then set up the Reddit account because I just did this for a friend last week. And uh if you're already on the Beer Money site and then you set up the account. Once it's set up it'll take you right back to your money and then you click join, it's on the top right hand side.
But
you but I mean there's so so many different ways uh to make money. I know people who are doing the credit cards where you're signing up for credit cards to get to get money back. I've done that. I'm not gonna lie. Um I filled up about $30,000 in credit cards. Not in not in debt but
your credit cards. Um And you know um again there's just there's there's so many different ways to get paid but I I truly believe in in Beer Money. One of the things that I have in my neighborhood that I use is called. Um. Hold on. It's actually nationwide. Just one second.
proxy picks
this
this this company
was. They have a website. Yeah proxy picks P. R. O. X. Y. P. I. C. S. Basically the guy who created the website. He already was in the real estate business. But one of the things that he said prevents real estate deals from being done. Our pictures now you can easily get on google and you can type in the address and see the house. But that's not a new picture.
So people pay me As
low as $3.25 to take a picture. But my last three assignments I've made um $29. I don't know if you can see that.
29. Yeah. My
life
I go to a neighborhood and click click and I believe I don't know what the thing is is that the normal rate Is only $3 And 25 cents. Her picture. Well, my first picture, Dawn was a picture of the coca cola bottle cap downtown Atlanta. Somebody wanted that. I don't know why. I don't care. I just took it for 3:25. And then um, somebody wanted me to go to like, um, listen to that place, like clothes because they wanted to see where their product was placed. They thought they had an end cap. No, it was put in the painting section in the middle of nowhere. But
the thing
that,
for their business, yeah, they thought they had an end cap. They thought people were walking by and I kept looking looking, looking, looking, looking for like an hour seriously and nobody and inviting this lady was like, oh, I know where that's at. It's in the painting section in the middle of nowhere. And but the thing is it was great for them. But the craziest thing that I've ever done with them proxy picks. Somebody wanted to know what this land look like. So they wanted me to take 13 pictures. So I went walking on the land. But what's going on with proxy fix if I come to your neighborhood, even if your neighbors don't know that you're about to move or you're not paying your taxes, the people across the country now and and that that's why they have me come there because they're looking at potentially buying property.
So what this guy does out of Chicago, he still has his main company, but he created the app the best way that he describes it. He said it's like Uber for picture taking.
But
as you, as you can see like what I'll do because I figured out the game. sometimes people will say to me like I'll pay you 325 and I on purpose I'll wait because I shared this app with 50 people in Atlanta but nobody really uses it. So I'll wait if they, if they don't get the picture
Price. And that's why I've been, my last three have been 29 95 for one
It's just all these different ways. But when beer money was before COVID I was 60 a month with them. Yeah
adoption
already.
I just
thought
that's awesome. Yeah,
definitely. Thank you. And the first one you mentioned was um
thank you. Yeah.
and
What?
Got you, got you the notifications. I got you. Yeah.
Um I was just thinking with with with Reddit in addition to there being the bear money site where you can see what's going on. There's also one for prolific. There's another one for um, um,
for swag books. There's one for pine cone research. I know you haven't gotten in yet, but you can still, I would try every, every
other month.
oh, Nevo Nevo. There's also one for naval as well
in E P O. But what I'm saying is that there's, there are also complimentary websites, uh, where you can see people who are focused on that as well. So you can get feedback because what I've learned is like, for example, with my facebook group that I belong to. Um, Mturk members when I first
started
out
O M the letter M all but combined. Mm tur k combined. Mm turk members.
that's the facebook site. And what what I love about Mturk members is that they have so much information and files that you can look through by the time it's all said and done with Mturk members. Oh my you will know like are you scripts for Mturk member? So like to me for Mturk so like one of the scripts that I use is called MTs. Let me see what it's called. Mturk suite and I use it through my my browser. I have, I have no problems at all. Then for prolific if you're not doing this already prolific assistance
and with prolific assistant, all you need to do is put it in your is uh, it's an app for your browser and you will always know when you get a job because it will.
yes, yes. And it was Mturk suite, you can actually like say for example, you click on a job and it's not there. What will happen? There's certain, uh, there's certain programs within Mturk Sleep, Once called, Once called, I do believe called hit finder.
Within is within the, within the app. And what what it will do, it will create another one, another web browser page. And, and it will start looking for that particular job until, until it's released. Because what I've discovered with Mturk, some of the researchers, they might only put out a batch of five jobs at a time You said you did and then so it might, but only like every 10 minutes because they wanted to be random for the research. Now check this out. Um, a good way on Mturk to make money is knowing about squalls. Are you familiar with the walls?
Calls are short for qualifications. So there's a website I'm about to give you called turk Turk view.
No, no, no. Coker T U R K E R V I E W dot com. And what you want to look for is qualified. Bye. I I'm going to spell it out because it's not spelled how it's supposed to be Q U A L I F E Y E. And on the turk Turk view website there's qualify I And when you when you go to that specific page, they do all the work for you. They will find all of the qualifications that people are looking for. So what happens is there's certain jobs on on Mturk if you don't have qualifications, you can't get in. So.
So it's funny. It's funny Don that you mentioned science. So I'm about to tell you about science. You know when you first start writing uh when you first write a scientific paper, you have to have at the very top your synopsis. There was
well, the with the synopsis where I'm talking about like a review paper where it's for a journal article. General article will have the synopsis at the beginning. This is what we intend to study. This is what we did. This is what we found out. This is what we plan to do in the future, blah blah. There was some professor at the University of pennsylvania that was looking for people To look at COVID-19 papers and other types of papers. Just the synopsis part in labelling, I made $60 a day, Times four. But if I didn't
have
first, I wasn't gonna be able to get in. So there are quite a few people on mturk that have qualifications. What qualification does it limits the amount of people that can get access to a job. The other thing that they're doing on mturk which they really don't talk about. People get um masters.
No, no, no, no, no, it's just called masters. And once you get a masters a masters also limits people from being able to get certain jobs. If you look on mturk, when you go to filter, you'll see filters results, the one right beneath. I'm qualified to work on says requires master's qualification and if you don't have a masters, you're screwed. But in my Mturk members group, people with squalls qualifications and masters Are still making $100 a day.
So I would have never known what I'm telling you if I didn't belong to that facebook group.
Well, my my my my thought is this, you're talking to me and I'm letting you know, don it's worth the effort. It is,
it
is worth it,
Because once you figure it out and you start getting your qualifications and your master's in certain areas, Basically you
are
cutting
out like 95-99% of the other workers.
And
And when I happened to learn about it and I did my call for that one man's
job. I couldn't believe
it. I was making $60 a day
Just
just labeling the synopsis section of of of of scientific research that dealt with COVID-19 and all these other viruses that dealt with pandemics. I don't I don't know what that man is actually doing. But thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Well is this your first time?
when we first started you can do it up to four times. So I already I reached my four times.
Then they came back and said you can do it up to six times.
So this is my first time. But I'll tell you, don it is one of the most amazing experiences that I've ever had online
because you never know who you're going to meet
and you never know the conversation that you're going to have with people. And uh I hope you can tell that I I am naturally a teacher.
I but my my thought is this I know that the opportunity to speak to you in the future is very, very low. So when when when I noticed that you did need other opportunities to make some extra cash, my thought was give it, give it all to you because at the end of the day, once you figure it out, you
gotta worry.
You do. Hello.
Yeah. One of the things like with this, We made today $17.50
if
if gets
to talk just
to talk. And I think that's amazing. But this weekend has been a blessing for me just online I did including this Uh, weekend I'm so proud of.
Yes, thank you. Thank you.
And you know, um oh, that's what I'll share with you as well and you already know this. Um not to compare yourself to the others because you, when you get in some of these groups, some of the people are just gonna be like, I did this, I did this, I did this one of the things that I learned in mturk members, especially when you have people in there making $100 a day. One lady, she's like in two hours, I can make 100 bucks on Mturk. But we ask you a question like, well how are you able to do this? So I have a masters. Okay. I got Or I have a qualification in this area and there's only like 10 other people that have it. Okay, great. I get it now. But for me my goal is $5 a day. But with all of my other things that I work on, I always meet you, I usually meet my goal every day.
And I I tell people um you know especially for you once you also discovered in your air, if you have any market research companies, it's gonna be great as well for you.
Yeah. But in in my area, what I've learned with all the market research companies I worked for, I never tell them that I work for the other companies because they're all pretty much fighting for the same money. So I keep my mouth shut about that. But I've been able to do some focus groups with market research companies. 1 1 that I did, they wanted to know it was online right after Covid started in the US in March. Um they had like six black Americans in a group in a room online. They wanted to know how we felt about twitter and how they could make twitter more uh friendly for black americans and also how they could Get more people to vote by using Twitter that paint 80 bucks for an hour and a half. And then the other thing that I did, it was a market research group. It was in Real life and A company called Atlanta Out Loud. They invited six Black American males to come talk about social justice but they only needed four of us but they had six of us there just in case somebody didn't show. After 15 minutes I waited in the lobby. They said Jeremy We don't need you anymore but here's $100.
Thank
you.
That's awesome.
And
did they feed you?
You said you made 180 for two days.
300.
300
That's amazing.
Well I do know with the market research companies, I do get emails where they're looking for that sort of thing. I think ours only pay around like maybe 100-150. But still I mean
I'm not I'm not gonna turn that down
but with me being a single male um It's kind of difficult for me to find uh like jury. I always get kicked out. Always put food. Food. Oh my gosh
I've eaten for three years now at the two different companies that I go to. Oh oh I forgot there was another there was a company that I went to, I think it was Jackson Associates. Um Because I'm bipolar, they paid me like $150 for an hour to talk about being bipolar. Some company out of Chicago, flew down to Chicago to the market research company. Interview me with like three or four people behind glass. And uh I paid 150 just talking
about being bipolar, I was like, thank you so much.
Uh Usually like I said before, I only get paid, usually just to eat. Um
I know you said you haven't gotten in the pine cone yet, but you'll get in with pinecone. Usually it's home products or fast food, but what's
making?
I got you. Yeah. Karen scott. I know. I know, I see a lot of people online who don't like her because they got kicked out. They've changed it now. It used to be, you could go into your profile and you can tell them you're gonna be not available, but now they want you just to send them an email through like their website. But I told my buddy that I said listen man, if you sign up for pine cone which you got in, I said you need to understand something, if you miss Karen scott isn't going to be happy with you, she's gonna kick you out and she'll never talk to you again. But what I like about pinecone um the last thing I got sent were uh cheese. It's a prototype
for cheese. It's some peanut butter sent to me. I've got some other items said to me, but it's really strange because they'll say to you um manufacturer wants to send something to you, Okay, great. And then I show up at my house and I look down on the door, oh wow. There it is. Um but it's only happened maybe three or four times, but the only reason why I'm mentioning this is because in my beer money group, we had quite a few people saying that uh that Pinecone was racist. I said listen guys, I said listen, I'm a black, I'm a black american male, I can vouch for pike or recruiting or research mary. They don't care what you look like. They're just looking for certain demographics. If you don't mean it, you don't get in. I told him I said listen, I was able to do You know surveys now for like the past four years, I've gotten four or 5 products into me all food. But then I read online, people were getting sent like technology said to them, I'm like wow, this is crazy. And they said that they didn't have to send anything back.
So
so for me, like I look at everything, I'm just happy that you know five years ago my friend um Sam his name is Sam with the nurse who is now the director over a nursing home. I'm so happy that he first introduced me to the market research companies. And then from there I don't know how the ball started rolling down the hill with a snowball started rolling down the hill but it just started rolling and rolling and rolling and I just started discovering more and more stuff and it changed my life
You know and now that like my friend ox uh online friend ox like I said who's disabled? You know he averages $25-$30,000 a year. All
online. Some some of the stuff that will do, he'll get like the, so you know one of the things that's really hot right now setting the boxes so like a female box, it will be filled with like products that women like or you can get a baby box. What he discovered is that it's really cool to get the female box and break down all the stuff and sell it individually on Ebay
or get the baby box and break it down and do it that way as well. So like a perfume or mascara or above of the block. Something else that I want you to look into. This is the final thing I'm going to share with you on this dumpster diving and there's a uh there's a facebook group that I belong to. four Dumpster diving. I'm gonna see if I can find it. Some people laugh and they say care of me, I would never dumpster dive. But what they don't understand don is this let me see, do I belong to you? Yeah, Okay, dumpster diving tips and fines is one of the websites and the other pages just called dumpster diving, but you
know,
facebook groups? Yes, what you will find on people will go behind Walgreens and Walgreens will get rid of all of their cosmetics.
So I know a woman, Let me see if I can find her. Okay, let me tell you that first. So people will find cosmetics or I had a friend, she go to Kroger, we have Kroger's out here and she discovered that they needed to get rid of like 15 or 20 turkeys, frozen turkeys. She took them all. Um and so what happens with the dumpster diving? You go to Macy's, you go all these different places and they're literally throwing away great stuff and people will take this these items and they'll flip it on Ebay or I'm going to find this woman for you because I want you to look her up. Mr I mean she does garage sales
fine what people don't and you can get on Youtube and put put that into Youtube dumpster diving, garage sales and you'll find a ton of videos. But there was a lady that I discovered she makes 20 - $30,000 a month off her dumpster diving finds.
Let me see if I can find her, I really want to find her for you.
There was an article that I read. It was just an article
But she she had a 9-5 and somehow I don't know how it happened. She got in the dumpster diving and from there She she went from working a 9-5 to making her $20-$30,000 a month selling selling items that she found
for whatever, for whatever reason, I can't
I can't find it. Let me see though,
I know for a fact you'll find her if you look at. But the thing is the thing is this in these dumpster diving groups that I belong to what people are finding.
And the big thing now is let's just do a garage sale. And you know, people don't know that these items were dumpster dived. There was a guy, I watched this video on YouTube, they made a couple of $1,000 a day.
Oh, so at the end of the day, like most people think, oh you're just digging through crap. No stuff that they're finding is still in excellent condition. And and but but when I discovered that woman, let me see, I'm gonna see if I can find one last time when I when I discovered that woman online, I said what? But there was an article that came out in 2019 on Wall Street Journal and it says the name of the article is you might be buying trash on amazon literally. And uh it says dumpster, divers say is easy to list discarded toys, electronics and books on the retailer's platform. And so at the end of the day, there's so many ways that you can get paid and
and
I understand, but at the same time, I believe that this information can be paid forward. Like I'm going to pay forward your information. So you never know who out there that you know that you tell about these websites and give
them the information and then they're like, wow, thanks so much Don. Now I'm
now I'm making a couple of $1000 a month. But I tell people this don yeah, You could make an extra $2-$300 a month with that check life and everybody. Yes.
So you know we I truly believe that there is enough opportunities out there is finding your niche.
No and I I gotta go for my bike ride before it gets dark. It's like what
five o'clock
month
eastern time. So I definitely got to get that bike right in for my body. It begs me every day. But don again it was wonderful talking to you. You
got
five more times for $20 for this.
on
everything that you're doing with your life
and
I know in the end um like it always does. It will work, it will work out.
But uh
you thank thank you thank you. I want you to know one last thing. I thank you for your can do spirit and you're very positive attitude. I really appreciate it.
You can buy