SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Hello,
SPEAKER_R: Hi there.
SPEAKER_L: can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I can. Can you hear me okay, Well, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing well. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Not bad, It's a bit hot today right now.
SPEAKER_R: spit hot where I am too.
SPEAKER_L: Where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in north Carolina. Where are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Connecticut. Yeah, About like 85 here I think. Maybe 90.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, gross. Yeah, it's around that temperature where I am too.
SPEAKER_L: Have you done this before?
SPEAKER_R: I have, this is my third time actually.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I did this once yesterday, so yeah, Interesting. I wasn't sure like if I'd be paired with like I don't know, a 60 year old man or something like that or you know what I mean? So how's it going to do?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh gosh. What's part of Connecticut are you and
SPEAKER_L: I am um do you know a heart like have you been to Connecticut or do you know?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from Long Island originally. That's why I'm asking.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I live like 20 minutes from Hartford. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so how's the quarantine been for you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, it's been all right. I'm lucky. I'm a graduate student so I can just take my work with me wherever I go. I'm just working on my thesis. How has it been for you?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Um I finished an internship like right before everything kind of happened, so I look out with that. Um but I have to take a board exam and it's been really hard to set it up.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well, that's what's coming up next for me. Can I ask which profession here?
SPEAKER_L: I'm going to be a dietitian if I pass the test, hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: Well, congratulations.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: A music therapy.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's been hard though. Um, to set it up just because not many people can be in the same room, so it's, I have to wait like two months and it just kind of sucks, but
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: that's okay, you know? Well hopefully I pass the first time. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Are you living uh, is that your apartment or you like living with your parents or?
SPEAKER_L: I'm living with my parents right now. Yeah. So how about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm living with my dad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Thank God because I don't know what else I would do. I mean it's just hard now, you know, dogs.
SPEAKER_R: But these surveys are like my only source of income.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, me too. And I'm like, I know this isn't something to rely unnecessarily, but at least it's something I mean,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And plus prolific. I've tried some other sites and they're, you know, they're legit like I've had problems with payments before on other websites and that's, you know, they're pretty nice here and the the I. T. Folks are responsive.
SPEAKER_L: How like, what other ones did you try? Have you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: tried?
SPEAKER_R: tried to serve a junkie, but they, you don't qualify for every survey they send your way and they'll give you like two or three senses of payment and sometimes they feel like terminate your account for no reason.
SPEAKER_L: Wow. Okay. That's all are you only doing prolific right now?
SPEAKER_R: Only doing prolific right now. But when I have a lull in the work of my thesis, I'll go back to serve a junkie to earn some, you know, little more cash.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Because I was curious if there's other ones I could do to, I haven't really tried any other one, so I wasn't sure what's out there really?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, if you look at that, there's a separate it, if you have a Reddit account, there's a subreddit called Beer Money that you can look at. A lot of things that will give you information on sites that were, you know, that'll or knew a little bit of spare cash.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's good. I mean I'd like to get like a job, but it's just, I don't know, it's weird, I feel like I'm in like a limbo right now so I
SPEAKER_R: Even
SPEAKER_L: can't really, but what are you going to do?
SPEAKER_R: same. Uh Well my dad works in medicine so he's been he's been really busy so I'm kinda needed at home, you know? Right?
SPEAKER_L: Well what does he do exactly,
SPEAKER_R: Uh He's a doctor but he also like he's an attending physician for a residency. So he like he has to keep tabs on all the baby doctors.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's cool. What kind of doctor is he?
SPEAKER_R: A family practice.
SPEAKER_L: No, that's really cool program. So how have the other people you've talked to? Like how has that gone?
SPEAKER_R: I talked to an engineering student in Virginia that worked that went pretty well. I admit I still wonder about about her sometimes because her uncle got covid 19 and he you know, and he wasn't doing well the last I heard of her. I you know, I wish I could check in but there's no way. Then my second time was guy in very rural florida who worked at a grocery store and he was interesting too.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Who did you talk to you last time?
SPEAKER_L: Um it was a girl from New Hampshire, she was in school, she was going to school in new york and ethic, Ithaca college um yeah, and she was talking to me about, I think she's going back next year, like living in an apartment because I was wondering like how that's working with colleges. Um
SPEAKER_R: You know? Um Okay. Yeah I've been to I've been to Africa actually and that's pretty doable up there.
SPEAKER_L: oh, that's good. But um yeah, she was cool. It was a nice conversation.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, because it could be like, I don't know the first time I did it, I was worried. I was like, I don't know how this is gonna go if it's going to be weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was worried it was gonna be uh I guess my big worry was I would get matched to a guy who wasn't really interested in chatting if you know what I mean. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: what are you supposed to do that and just leave it up and weird.
SPEAKER_R: You know.
SPEAKER_L: It could go either way. Um How long have you been using, prolific?
SPEAKER_R: Mm About six months now.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Because I'm I'm pretty new to it, so I was just curious like is it pretty good in terms of extra money? Like is it okay? You know what I mean? I know it's not like anything
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: amazing.
SPEAKER_R: it depends on the demographics you belong to. I recommend filling out like all of the demographic information they give you so they can give you more specialized surveys. Uh and you need to keep it open in the window or there's like an extension on google chrome called prolific assistant that will like automatically refresh the page for you so you can get surveys.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's good to know. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And plus since they pay you in pounds when
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: you transfer
SPEAKER_L: more that
SPEAKER_R: the whole, how you get more money.
SPEAKER_L: I was wondering about that I was I meant to ask the other girl I was talking to because I noticed it's in pounds. I'm like, oh doesn't that mean dollars or more? But I wasn't sure how that works. Oh that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The pound is like a dollar 32 for a dollar now. So it's. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's something. Hey did they take, so they don't take any of the money like it all goes to you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. If you if you cash out your account often like if you leave it there for a while and I think you you get like a, you know like some gigantic amount of money in the account. Like they might take a fee but I've never left it long enough to get that. C.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. That's good to know. Mhm. Well I know it's pretty easy. So I mean anything you got to do I guess right together. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: So how have you been keeping yourself busy during quarantine besides your dietitian boards and everything?
SPEAKER_L: It's been a little tough. Like I work like I work out I'll study, I haven't been seeing a lot of friends right now just because of like everything, but it's hard like I sit in my room and think like I just need to go do something, but I really can't do a lot of things, so I'm just trying to keep it together and not go stir crazy. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Same here. Lucky I have my thesis to distract me. So.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I bet that's that's a lot of work. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I just handed in like a bunch of like I had to write up like 50 to 80 abstracts for my thesis and then I sent them into my advisor. And he's like good now here are some more changes I need you to make. So he's been keeping yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my
SPEAKER_R: Of
SPEAKER_L: gosh,
SPEAKER_R: the after ready thesis for your degree.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I don't um I had to do four years of undergrad, a year of an internship for like um supervised practice hours. Like I went to a hospital, I went to a couple different places And then my last stop is the exam. But by 2024 you have to have your master's first to be a dietician, like you can't.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Music therapy is moving in a direction that direction too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um And I mean I started my Master's but I don't finish it for a while, so I'm kind of glad that I'm like Pat, like I don't worry about that, so as long as I pass, which I hope I do. Um I'll be good to go.
SPEAKER_R: Well good luck.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, thank you. I'm not, I don't know. I feel like the tests have never, I do better on things like papers and I don't know, tests are not my thing. Really. Right. I don't know. Hopefully it works out.
SPEAKER_R: Well the thing if you're good at papers that means you're good at things like research and drawing you know proper conclusions and things like that. It means you have you know you means you have a broader base of knowledge and everything than someone who uh you know than someone who's just good at taking tests
SPEAKER_L: Oh, thank you. That makes
SPEAKER_R: myself.
SPEAKER_L: me feel better. Yeah. Um So you have to take like the board exam as well?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I have to uh well I'm in a master's equivalency program so I kind of took the music therapy courses for two years then usually the order is internship thesis, then you take your boards, but I had to do it a bit backwards because there was an issue with my undergraduate transcripts so that I had to resolve. So I came back home to my dad and I'm just doing my thesis and then I'll resume applying for internships when this is all over.
SPEAKER_L: How does the internship like process work for you? Is it like a matching thing?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's kind of a matching thing and you have to audition for people before you can get the internship. And and then you stay like uh almost all the internships are unpaid, are they unpaid in that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That was rough. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so you have to stay on site for about six months and then you can then you can take your boards.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Gotcha. What like um sort of your is your area of expertise in terms of? Oh,
SPEAKER_R: of my clinical work is with either Children with disabilities or elderly people with dementia. I admit I do like working with Children and people with disabilities, so I'm hoping to specialize in that. But music therapy with the exception of a couple of specialist like add ons, you can put onto your degree, you can work pretty much anywhere. Music therapist is needed.
SPEAKER_L: that's really cool,
SPEAKER_R: What what populations do you work with for dietitian work?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well before I got into the internship, I worked at Connecticut Children's hospital. Um And I so I love pediatrics and I'd like to continue that when I get my license. Um Like I love to eventually work for like boston Children's or something like that. Um We'll see. But I definitely like I like pediatrics I think the most because I worked at adult hospitals which are great too. But I just like, I don't know, I like working with.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's something nice about working with Children.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I agree. I feel like even the whole hospital had a different kind of vibe I guess. Like, I don't know, I just liked it. So
SPEAKER_R: What what are some specific things you're brought into a dress?
SPEAKER_L: um Well we do a lot with like artificial feedings like and to roll or like TPN so that's like through the vein. Um You have to do all the calculations for that stuff. Um It really depends on the place you work at. Like they have to do
SPEAKER_R: The,
SPEAKER_L: diet educations, you have to um like do stuff with the families. Um You have to watch, you know, weight loss and I don't know, it's kind of very dependent on where you work. Um But I'm very interested in nutrition support um like with TPN and through the two feeding, so I hope I get to do that, but it really just depends. Um some places don't really have it depending on the hospital, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So you're looking with some place with more of a structured setup for like something place with larger pediatric wings and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Which I feel like is, I don't know, there's not a lot of stand alone Children's hospitals. I feel like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There aren't, there's a Children's hospital in philadelphia. I know that one.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, there's just not as many. I mean, a lot of hospitals have like a pediatric floor though. Um So I don't know, I mean, I know I can't be too picky to start out, but I hope to eventually work at a Children's hospital, so we'll see,
SPEAKER_R: Well, I hope you get it.
SPEAKER_L: oh, thank you. And I hope everything works out with
SPEAKER_R: Oh, thank you.
SPEAKER_L: everything you're doing. So it
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: seems like a lot of work for sure,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is, but I'm happy to be doing it.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. So anything else I'm trying to think of, what else to like, I'm terrible at starting conversation.
SPEAKER_R: they were,
SPEAKER_L: Some of my friends have been doing, like, dating through zoom and I'm like, I don't even know how you do that. I would never be able, I am good with alone. It's fine. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: You know, I've been coping by spending a lot of time on tumbler. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think I used to have a tumbler. I haven't been on it in a long time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well there was, they had to do like, you know how like you used to templar used to allow like a lot of really adults content when they banned all the adults content and a lot of people left. But the people who are still there like the tumbler life as you know, people who have been on since 2000 and eight and stuff like that. And it's, it's actually a more chill place now.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'll have to check it out. I watch like Tiktok sometimes, but it also, I don't know, it kind of annoys me. So like some, I like the funny ones, but that's pretty much it. Um,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. My little sister has a Tiktok and she'll send me them occasionally, you know, just put like animal stuff. Nothing with people.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, that's execute to um, but yeah, no, it's a weird life right now. I don't know. Do you think we're going to get another stimulus check
SPEAKER_R: I'm hoping so.
SPEAKER_L: you too. You too. I didn't get the first one though. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, neither did I.
SPEAKER_L: I think because I'm claimed as a dependent, so I guess, I don't know because I know with like the next one, I think people like college students are supposed to be, may be included, but they weren't before. I don't know. I don't really know what's going on to be honest.
SPEAKER_R: neither, neither do I.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that'd be nice. So we
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it would be nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I could pay my tuition and actually have some left over.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. I mean, My internship was $11,000.
SPEAKER_R: Wait, you had to pay for your internship.
SPEAKER_L: That's and it's funny because people who aren't in this profession when I told him that like have exactly that expression
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like in
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: amusement
SPEAKER_L: have to.
SPEAKER_R: therapy, you know, I don't have to pay to the internship. It's I think the fee is like it's $1200 for the actual semester internship class.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. So for dietetic internships, you pay for it, there's like a very small handful that have like stipends, but those are very rare and they're hard to get but pay for it. And it's it's basically an extra year school. Like it's kind of like how nurses do clinical in undergrad except we have to do it after. It's like, but yeah, it's insanely expensive and you don't get paid And it's 40 hours a week, like
SPEAKER_R: Always
SPEAKER_L: I didn't work.
SPEAKER_R: move like therapy. But at least you know they don't take money from, you know, they don't take more money from you than usual. They just go, okay, you're on your own by
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's yeah, it's like, I don't know why it's like that, I don't know, I just have no idea, I don't even know how to explain it.
SPEAKER_R: she. Oh my gosh, I'm I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: like something needs to change with, it's ridiculous, like it's it's so sad, it's funny because it's just, and dieticians don't even get paid that much, which is like the funny thing too,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, it's really bizarre.
SPEAKER_R: if you don't mind my asking what's cool with your school underground?
SPEAKER_L: My undergrad was called indiana University of Pennsylvania. Most people haven't heard of it, it's near Pittsburgh.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I actually haven't heard of it either but.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, um but my internship, I actually did a distance internship, so I found the sites near where I live and then some of my stuff was online, but most of the internships are like that price pretty much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I, my school I went to, well my undergrad was L. I. U. Post but my grad school was loyal and new Orleans and most of us we do move very far off site for internships because there are just aren't enough in Louisiana to support, you know, to support the school
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so you could at least live at home for your internship.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and and that's why I did the distance one because I'm like, there's no way I could blue, you know what I mean? Like it
SPEAKER_R: And there's.
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And did you live in the dorms, your entire undergrad or?
SPEAKER_L: I lived in apartments most of the time, but we could use financial aid for a lot of them. So like it was almost like the same as living in the dorms except I just wasn't in the dorm,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I grad students technically, as a grad student, I couldn't live in any, I had to live in the law student dorm, which was its own issue. But uh but I got a, you know, I had to say I got a pretty good scholarship because I was playing my first instrument is something that they needed a lot of. So I got like half off my tuition as long as I stayed in band and then I worked on campus during the summer for free housing.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Because like I started my Master's online, I haven't um I took a break during my internship because of like money. It's so extent. Like I'm doing it through Northeastern. Um And the classes are like $2700 each, It's very expensive and I'm like, I need a job, you know what I mean? Like to pay for that. Yeah, school is so expensive. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: It is. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: That's correct. But good for you. That's awesome that you could do
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: was, well I was lucky and loyalist school. It's a Jesuit school which you know, it it's not perfect. But at least a lot of the folks there care a lot about education and they're willing to work with you if you need something.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. That's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My under grad school, they were a bunch of.
SPEAKER_L: Right? Not the same.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, undergrad was I feel bad for people going into school now though, like underground, especially because it's all kind of, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: both my sister and stepsister and undergrad right now and I feel terrible for them.
SPEAKER_L: Did they have to move off and go back home?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they had to go back home and plus they're also doing stuff that's pretty heavy on like what we have to do, having to go outside to get practical stuff done a lot. My stepsisters in nursing school and my sisters in P. A school. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that must be rough. Are they?
SPEAKER_R: It's been route what?
SPEAKER_L: Sorry, did they get to go back like next semester?
SPEAKER_R: Ronald.
SPEAKER_L: Is it like? Oh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure yet. But my step sister, she's also in emergency medical technician, so she's had to go out a lot for work. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: guys
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: have? I'm
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: sorry,
SPEAKER_R: you have any siblings?
SPEAKER_L: I do, I have to um one of my sisters is in Maine um that's actually that's where I'm from and I'd like to move back there eventually, but and the other one, she had to move back because she actually lost her job because of covid
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Virginia. Okay. Um I mean I think it's lucky we at least have our parents like I don't know what people do who just lose their jobs and like that's it. So
SPEAKER_R: I yeah, I don't know what I'd do if it weren't for my dad.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it would be awful. So I like I hate to complain even though it's it's been hard but it could be worse, so
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm lucky I've actually, yeah, I'm pretty introverted and I don't go out much. Even
SPEAKER_L: neither.
SPEAKER_R: part of quarantine and very lucky, I didn't sounds cliche, but my dad and I are best friends and uh we've actually lived together for a fairly long time, right? Right, As my parents got divorced, so we're used to being roommates in addition to parent and child, it would be a lot harder if like we hadn't lived together since I was 18 or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm That's nice. Has he been dealing with a lot of covid patients?
SPEAKER_R: he has been, but he's but luckily he's he hasn't contracted it. One of his colleagues has the the hospitals pediatrician. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um What does he think of everything? Because I know everyone's opinions on like, I don't know everything masks and medicine and I don't know like what's his take on it?
SPEAKER_R: When he's just really frustrated by the government, the federal government's poor early response and in north Carolina were not like at Georgia levels of issues, like we've we've got a Democratic governor, even if a lot of the Legislature's Republican, so and he's just been really unhappy with how people have been uh following the president's example instead of what the doctors are saying, Like he's gotten a bunch of people in who said, well, I thought jesus would keep me safe from the virus, but then I got it.
SPEAKER_L: That's like that must be tough with religion because it's obviously like you have to respect people's beliefs, but at the same time it's like Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: we're also we have a stereotypically jewish last name in a very in a area of north Carolina. Whether it's not a lot of jewish people were not jewish. I but it's occasionally he's gotten questions about why his people created the virus, you know, and like, well, we've also got a lot of our he does have a couple of indian residents and and they've gotten, you know, a lot of the non white residents have gotten questions like that too.
SPEAKER_L: that's really insane to me. I don't, wow, that must be hard to deal with. What do you say to that like?
SPEAKER_R: There's not much you can say to that. You know, he went to medical school in west Virginia though, so he's it's not his first time dealing with comments like that.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I can see why though. The frustration would like not listening to the doctors and listening to like the president is just, I don't know, a little crazy, but okay. I don't know. Is everyone wearing masks there or?
SPEAKER_R: People are finally starting to wear masks.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, well that's good
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's everyone wearing masks up in Connecticut.
SPEAKER_L: pretty much. I mean I don't really go to a lot of places, but from what I can tell. Yes, like in stores and all that. Cool. So I think, I mean, I think Connecticut's doing okay in terms of the virus, like it's
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: you guys got the big early blast from like new york and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Um So at this point we're all right. I don't even actually, I don't know how new york is doing. I
SPEAKER_R: Um Well my my mom and my sisters live in new york and they say it's been getting better and people are starting, you know, people are a little shell shocked still and but there's, you know, they're starting to resume normal stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, well that's that's good. Um I know a lot of businesses or not doing well and that's I feel bad. I don't know like
SPEAKER_R: Like every other day, beloved local restaurant in new york is closing and my sister keeps me updated on all of them.
SPEAKER_L: so sad. Uh wow. Well hopefully it gets better. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I hope so. Well,
SPEAKER_L: What time is it? Have
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: you been on here 25 minutes? I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_R: it 4 27 where I am and
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's just 25. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: it was really nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: he's talking to you too.
SPEAKER_L: Good luck with school and your
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: thesis and everything.
SPEAKER_R: good luck with your boards.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: They're hoping
SPEAKER_L: Have a nice day,
SPEAKER_R: you too. Hope you and your family stay safe.
SPEAKER_L: you as well,
SPEAKER_R: No, Thank you.