Hi there.
I can. Can you hear me okay, Well, nice to meet you.
I'm doing well. How are you?
spit hot where I am too.
I'm in north Carolina. Where are you?
Oh, gross. Yeah, it's around that temperature where I am too.
I have, this is my third time actually.
Mhm. Oh gosh. What's part of Connecticut are you and
I'm from Long Island originally. That's why I'm asking.
Yeah.
Uh, it's been all right. I'm lucky. I'm a graduate student so I can just take my work with me wherever I go. I'm just working on my thesis. How has it been for you?
Okay. Well, that's what's coming up next for me. Can I ask which profession here?
Well, congratulations.
A music therapy.
Thank you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Are you living uh, is that your apartment or you like living with your parents or?
I'm living with my dad. Yeah.
But these surveys are like my only source of income.
Yeah. And plus prolific. I've tried some other sites and they're, you know, they're legit like I've had problems with payments before on other websites and that's, you know, they're pretty nice here and the the I. T. Folks are responsive.
I
tried to serve a junkie, but they, you don't qualify for every survey they send your way and they'll give you like two or three senses of payment and sometimes they feel like terminate your account for no reason.
Only doing prolific right now. But when I have a lull in the work of my thesis, I'll go back to serve a junkie to earn some, you know, little more cash.
Uh, if you look at that, there's a separate it, if you have a Reddit account, there's a subreddit called Beer Money that you can look at. A lot of things that will give you information on sites that were, you know, that'll or knew a little bit of spare cash.
Even
same. Uh Well my dad works in medicine so he's been he's been really busy so I'm kinda needed at home, you know? Right?
Uh He's a doctor but he also like he's an attending physician for a residency. So he like he has to keep tabs on all the baby doctors.
A family practice.
I talked to an engineering student in Virginia that worked that went pretty well. I admit I still wonder about about her sometimes because her uncle got covid 19 and he you know, and he wasn't doing well the last I heard of her. I you know, I wish I could check in but there's no way. Then my second time was guy in very rural florida who worked at a grocery store and he was interesting too.
Yeah. Who did you talk to you last time?
You know? Um Okay. Yeah I've been to I've been to Africa actually and that's pretty doable up there.
What?
Yeah, I was worried it was gonna be uh I guess my big worry was I would get matched to a guy who wasn't really interested in chatting if you know what I mean. Yeah.
You know.
Mm About six months now.
Well
it depends on the demographics you belong to. I recommend filling out like all of the demographic information they give you so they can give you more specialized surveys. Uh and you need to keep it open in the window or there's like an extension on google chrome called prolific assistant that will like automatically refresh the page for you so you can get surveys.
Yeah. And plus since they pay you in pounds when
you transfer
the whole, how you get more money.
Yeah. The pound is like a dollar 32 for a dollar now. So it's. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. If you if you cash out your account often like if you leave it there for a while and I think you you get like a, you know like some gigantic amount of money in the account. Like they might take a fee but I've never left it long enough to get that. C.
So how have you been keeping yourself busy during quarantine besides your dietitian boards and everything?
Yeah. Same here. Lucky I have my thesis to distract me. So.
Yeah. Yeah. I just handed in like a bunch of like I had to write up like 50 to 80 abstracts for my thesis and then I sent them into my advisor. And he's like good now here are some more changes I need you to make. So he's been keeping yeah.
Of
the after ready thesis for your degree.
Yeah. Music therapy is moving in a direction that direction too.
Well good luck.
Well the thing if you're good at papers that means you're good at things like research and drawing you know proper conclusions and things like that. It means you have you know you means you have a broader base of knowledge and everything than someone who uh you know than someone who's just good at taking tests
myself.
Yeah I have to uh well I'm in a master's equivalency program so I kind of took the music therapy courses for two years then usually the order is internship thesis, then you take your boards, but I had to do it a bit backwards because there was an issue with my undergraduate transcripts so that I had to resolve. So I came back home to my dad and I'm just doing my thesis and then I'll resume applying for internships when this is all over.
Yeah, it's kind of a matching thing and you have to audition for people before you can get the internship. And and then you stay like uh almost all the internships are unpaid, are they unpaid in that? Yeah.
Yeah, so you have to stay on site for about six months and then you can then you can take your boards.
of my clinical work is with either Children with disabilities or elderly people with dementia. I admit I do like working with Children and people with disabilities, so I'm hoping to specialize in that. But music therapy with the exception of a couple of specialist like add ons, you can put onto your degree, you can work pretty much anywhere. Music therapist is needed.
What what populations do you work with for dietitian work?
Yeah, there's something nice about working with Children.
What what are some specific things you're brought into a dress?
The,
So you're looking with some place with more of a structured setup for like something place with larger pediatric wings and stuff?
Yeah. There aren't, there's a Children's hospital in philadelphia. I know that one.
Well, I hope you get it.
Oh, thank you.
No.
Yeah, it is, but I'm happy to be doing it.
they were,
You know, I've been coping by spending a lot of time on tumbler. Yeah.
Yeah. Well there was, they had to do like, you know how like you used to templar used to allow like a lot of really adults content when they banned all the adults content and a lot of people left. But the people who are still there like the tumbler life as you know, people who have been on since 2000 and eight and stuff like that. And it's, it's actually a more chill place now.
I don't know. My little sister has a Tiktok and she'll send me them occasionally, you know, just put like animal stuff. Nothing with people.
I'm hoping so.
Yeah, neither did I.
neither, neither do I.
Yeah, it would be nice. Yeah.
Yeah, I could pay my tuition and actually have some left over.
Wait, you had to pay for your internship.
Yeah. Like in
amusement
therapy, you know, I don't have to pay to the internship. It's I think the fee is like it's $1200 for the actual semester internship class.
Always
move like therapy. But at least you know they don't take money from, you know, they don't take more money from you than usual. They just go, okay, you're on your own by
she. Oh my gosh, I'm I'm sorry.
No,
if you don't mind my asking what's cool with your school underground?
Okay. I actually haven't heard of it either but.
Yeah, I, my school I went to, well my undergrad was L. I. U. Post but my grad school was loyal and new Orleans and most of us we do move very far off site for internships because there are just aren't enough in Louisiana to support, you know, to support the school
so you could at least live at home for your internship.
And there's.
Yeah. And did you live in the dorms, your entire undergrad or?
Yeah, I grad students technically, as a grad student, I couldn't live in any, I had to live in the law student dorm, which was its own issue. But uh but I got a, you know, I had to say I got a pretty good scholarship because I was playing my first instrument is something that they needed a lot of. So I got like half off my tuition as long as I stayed in band and then I worked on campus during the summer for free housing.
It is. Yeah,
I
was, well I was lucky and loyalist school. It's a Jesuit school which you know, it it's not perfect. But at least a lot of the folks there care a lot about education and they're willing to work with you if you need something.
Yeah. My under grad school, they were a bunch of.
No.
both my sister and stepsister and undergrad right now and I feel terrible for them.
Yeah, they had to go back home and plus they're also doing stuff that's pretty heavy on like what we have to do, having to go outside to get practical stuff done a lot. My stepsisters in nursing school and my sisters in P. A school. Yeah.
It's been route what?
Ronald.
I'm not sure yet. But my step sister, she's also in emergency medical technician, so she's had to go out a lot for work. Yeah.
And
do
you have any siblings?
Well, I'm sorry.
I yeah, I don't know what I'd do if it weren't for my dad.
Oh, I'm lucky I've actually, yeah, I'm pretty introverted and I don't go out much. Even
part of quarantine and very lucky, I didn't sounds cliche, but my dad and I are best friends and uh we've actually lived together for a fairly long time, right? Right, As my parents got divorced, so we're used to being roommates in addition to parent and child, it would be a lot harder if like we hadn't lived together since I was 18 or whatever.
he has been, but he's but luckily he's he hasn't contracted it. One of his colleagues has the the hospitals pediatrician. Yeah.
When he's just really frustrated by the government, the federal government's poor early response and in north Carolina were not like at Georgia levels of issues, like we've we've got a Democratic governor, even if a lot of the Legislature's Republican, so and he's just been really unhappy with how people have been uh following the president's example instead of what the doctors are saying, Like he's gotten a bunch of people in who said, well, I thought jesus would keep me safe from the virus, but then I got it.
we're also we have a stereotypically jewish last name in a very in a area of north Carolina. Whether it's not a lot of jewish people were not jewish. I but it's occasionally he's gotten questions about why his people created the virus, you know, and like, well, we've also got a lot of our he does have a couple of indian residents and and they've gotten, you know, a lot of the non white residents have gotten questions like that too.
There's not much you can say to that. You know, he went to medical school in west Virginia though, so he's it's not his first time dealing with comments like that.
People are finally starting to wear masks.
Yeah. It's everyone wearing masks up in Connecticut.
Well
you guys got the big early blast from like new york and stuff like that.
Um Well my my mom and my sisters live in new york and they say it's been getting better and people are starting, you know, people are a little shell shocked still and but there's, you know, they're starting to resume normal stuff.
Like every other day, beloved local restaurant in new york is closing and my sister keeps me updated on all of them.
Yeah, I hope so. Well,
it
it 4 27 where I am and
Well,
he's talking to you too.
You
good luck with your boards.
They're hoping
you too. Hope you and your family stay safe.
No, Thank you.