Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Hello,
can you hear me?
nice to meet you. How are you?
Not bad, It's a bit hot today right now.
Where do you live?
I'm in Connecticut. Yeah, About like 85 here I think. Maybe 90.
Have you done this before?
Okay, I did this once yesterday, so yeah, Interesting. I wasn't sure like if I'd be paired with like I don't know, a 60 year old man or something like that or you know what I mean? So how's it going to do?
I am um do you know a heart like have you been to Connecticut or do you know?
Oh I live like 20 minutes from Hartford. Yeah,
so how's the quarantine been for you?
Okay. Um I finished an internship like right before everything kind of happened, so I look out with that. Um but I have to take a board exam and it's been really hard to set it up.
I'm going to be a dietitian if I pass the test, hopefully.
Thank you. What about you?
Oh, that's really cool.
Yeah. It's been hard though. Um, to set it up just because not many people can be in the same room, so it's, I have to wait like two months and it just kind of sucks, but
that's okay, you know? Well hopefully I pass the first time. Well,
I'm living with my parents right now. Yeah. So how about you?
Okay. Yeah. Thank God because I don't know what else I would do. I mean it's just hard now, you know, dogs.
Oh, me too. And I'm like, I know this isn't something to rely unnecessarily, but at least it's something I mean,
How like, what other ones did you try? Have you
tried?
Wow. Okay. That's all are you only doing prolific right now?
Okay. Because I was curious if there's other ones I could do to, I haven't really tried any other one, so I wasn't sure what's out there really?
Okay, that's good. I mean I'd like to get like a job, but it's just, I don't know, it's weird, I feel like I'm in like a limbo right now so I
can't really, but what are you going to do?
Well what does he do exactly,
wow, that's cool. What kind of doctor is he?
No, that's really cool program. So how have the other people you've talked to? Like how has that gone?
Oh, that's cool.
Um it was a girl from New Hampshire, she was in school, she was going to school in new york and ethic, Ithaca college um yeah, and she was talking to me about, I think she's going back next year, like living in an apartment because I was wondering like how that's working with colleges. Um
oh, that's good. But um yeah, she was cool. It was a nice conversation.
Mhm. Yeah, because it could be like, I don't know the first time I did it, I was worried. I was like, I don't know how this is gonna go if it's going to be weird.
what are you supposed to do that and just leave it up and weird.
It could go either way. Um How long have you been using, prolific?
Okay. Because I'm I'm pretty new to it, so I was just curious like is it pretty good in terms of extra money? Like is it okay? You know what I mean? I know it's not like anything
amazing.
Okay. That's good to know. Thank you.
It's
more that
I was wondering about that I was I meant to ask the other girl I was talking to because I noticed it's in pounds. I'm like, oh doesn't that mean dollars or more? But I wasn't sure how that works. Oh that's cool.
That's something. Hey did they take, so they don't take any of the money like it all goes to you?
Oh okay. That's good to know. Mhm. Well I know it's pretty easy. So I mean anything you got to do I guess right together. Okay.
It's been a little tough. Like I work like I work out I'll study, I haven't been seeing a lot of friends right now just because of like everything, but it's hard like I sit in my room and think like I just need to go do something, but I really can't do a lot of things, so I'm just trying to keep it together and not go stir crazy. How about you?
Oh yeah, I bet that's that's a lot of work. So
Oh my
gosh,
I don't know. I don't um I had to do four years of undergrad, a year of an internship for like um supervised practice hours. Like I went to a hospital, I went to a couple different places And then my last stop is the exam. But by 2024 you have to have your master's first to be a dietician, like you can't.
Yeah. Um And I mean I started my Master's but I don't finish it for a while, so I'm kind of glad that I'm like Pat, like I don't worry about that, so as long as I pass, which I hope I do. Um I'll be good to go.
Yeah, thank you. I'm not, I don't know. I feel like the tests have never, I do better on things like papers and I don't know, tests are not my thing. Really. Right. I don't know. Hopefully it works out.
Oh, thank you. That makes
me feel better. Yeah. Um So you have to take like the board exam as well?
How does the internship like process work for you? Is it like a matching thing?
That was rough. Yeah.
Okay. Gotcha. What like um sort of your is your area of expertise in terms of? Oh,
that's really cool,
Um Well before I got into the internship, I worked at Connecticut Children's hospital. Um And I so I love pediatrics and I'd like to continue that when I get my license. Um Like I love to eventually work for like boston Children's or something like that. Um We'll see. But I definitely like I like pediatrics I think the most because I worked at adult hospitals which are great too. But I just like, I don't know, I like working with.
Yeah, I agree. I feel like even the whole hospital had a different kind of vibe I guess. Like, I don't know, I just liked it. So
um Well we do a lot with like artificial feedings like and to roll or like TPN so that's like through the vein. Um You have to do all the calculations for that stuff. Um It really depends on the place you work at. Like they have to do
diet educations, you have to um like do stuff with the families. Um You have to watch, you know, weight loss and I don't know, it's kind of very dependent on where you work. Um But I'm very interested in nutrition support um like with TPN and through the two feeding, so I hope I get to do that, but it really just depends. Um some places don't really have it depending on the hospital, so. Yeah.
Yeah. Which I feel like is, I don't know, there's not a lot of stand alone Children's hospitals. I feel like
yeah, there's just not as many. I mean, a lot of hospitals have like a pediatric floor though. Um So I don't know, I mean, I know I can't be too picky to start out, but I hope to eventually work at a Children's hospital, so we'll see,
oh, thank you. And I hope everything works out with
everything you're doing. So it
seems like a lot of work for sure,
that's good. So anything else I'm trying to think of, what else to like, I'm terrible at starting conversation.
Some of my friends have been doing, like, dating through zoom and I'm like, I don't even know how you do that. I would never be able, I am good with alone. It's fine. I don't know.
I think I used to have a tumbler. I haven't been on it in a long time.
Oh, I'll have to check it out. I watch like Tiktok sometimes, but it also, I don't know, it kind of annoys me. So like some, I like the funny ones, but that's pretty much it. Um,
yeah, yeah, that's execute to um, but yeah, no, it's a weird life right now. I don't know. Do you think we're going to get another stimulus check
you too. You too. I didn't get the first one though. Um,
I think because I'm claimed as a dependent, so I guess, I don't know because I know with like the next one, I think people like college students are supposed to be, may be included, but they weren't before. I don't know. I don't really know what's going on to be honest.
Yeah, that'd be nice. So we
we'll see.
Right. Yeah. I mean, My internship was $11,000.
That's and it's funny because people who aren't in this profession when I told him that like have exactly that expression
you
have to.
Mhm. Yeah. So for dietetic internships, you pay for it, there's like a very small handful that have like stipends, but those are very rare and they're hard to get but pay for it. And it's it's basically an extra year school. Like it's kind of like how nurses do clinical in undergrad except we have to do it after. It's like, but yeah, it's insanely expensive and you don't get paid And it's 40 hours a week, like
I didn't work.
Yeah, it's yeah, it's like, I don't know why it's like that, I don't know, I just have no idea, I don't even know how to explain it.
like something needs to change with, it's ridiculous, like it's it's so sad, it's funny because it's just, and dieticians don't even get paid that much, which is like the funny thing too,
I don't know, it's really bizarre.
My undergrad was called indiana University of Pennsylvania. Most people haven't heard of it, it's near Pittsburgh.
Yeah, um but my internship, I actually did a distance internship, so I found the sites near where I live and then some of my stuff was online, but most of the internships are like that price pretty much.
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Yeah, and and that's why I did the distance one because I'm like, there's no way I could blue, you know what I mean? Like it
was
I lived in apartments most of the time, but we could use financial aid for a lot of them. So like it was almost like the same as living in the dorms except I just wasn't in the dorm,
That's awesome. Because like I started my Master's online, I haven't um I took a break during my internship because of like money. It's so extent. Like I'm doing it through Northeastern. Um And the classes are like $2700 each, It's very expensive and I'm like, I need a job, you know what I mean? Like to pay for that. Yeah, school is so expensive. I don't know.
That's correct. But good for you. That's awesome that you could do
that.
That's cool. That's good.
Right? Not the same.
Yeah, undergrad was I feel bad for people going into school now though, like underground, especially because it's all kind of, I don't know.
Did they have to move off and go back home?
Oh, that must be rough. Are they?
Sorry, did they get to go back like next semester?
Is it like? Oh yeah,
guys
have? I'm
sorry,
I do, I have to um one of my sisters is in Maine um that's actually that's where I'm from and I'd like to move back there eventually, but and the other one, she had to move back because she actually lost her job because of covid
Virginia. Okay. Um I mean I think it's lucky we at least have our parents like I don't know what people do who just lose their jobs and like that's it. So
yeah, it would be awful. So I like I hate to complain even though it's it's been hard but it could be worse, so
neither.
Mhm That's nice. Has he been dealing with a lot of covid patients?
Um What does he think of everything? Because I know everyone's opinions on like, I don't know everything masks and medicine and I don't know like what's his take on it?
That's like that must be tough with religion because it's obviously like you have to respect people's beliefs, but at the same time it's like Uh huh.
that's really insane to me. I don't, wow, that must be hard to deal with. What do you say to that like?
Mhm. I can see why though. The frustration would like not listening to the doctors and listening to like the president is just, I don't know, a little crazy, but okay. I don't know. Is everyone wearing masks there or?
Okay, well that's good
pretty much. I mean I don't really go to a lot of places, but from what I can tell. Yes, like in stores and all that. Cool. So I think, I mean, I think Connecticut's doing okay in terms of the virus, like it's
doing
Yeah. Yeah. Um So at this point we're all right. I don't even actually, I don't know how new york is doing. I
Okay, well that's that's good. Um I know a lot of businesses or not doing well and that's I feel bad. I don't know like
so sad. Uh wow. Well hopefully it gets better. I don't know.
What time is it? Have
you been on here 25 minutes? I'm not sure.
Okay. That's just 25. Oh,
it was really nice talking to you.
Good luck with school and your
thesis and everything.
Thank you.
Have a nice day,
you as well,