Hey, how's it going?
Okay. I'm sorry.
Oh, my name's Quentin
I can hear you, pretty good.
So how's your day going?
So?
Yeah. Okay. Uh same, I'm having a pretty good day. I got a little bit of a migraine, but that's about it.
Uh this would be my 4th time.
Have you had good experiences with it so far?
Hi.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I try to I try to show up when I'm supposed to, you know, I've had only one time so far were uh the person didn't show up. It's very disappointing, right?
Um I am originally from colorado. How about yourself?
Oh, yeah, Chicago is do you like Chicago? I know because it's your hometown, you probably, you know, feel warmth to it. But um, you know, for me like colorado, I don't live in colorado anymore. But I look when I look think of colorado to me, it's like, you know it's like home, you know?
Well I'm in uh I'm in the south now. I'm near the Virginia border.
Okay. Yeah. So you do you like Chicago then?
Yeah. I've um I haven't spent much time in Chicago. Um My um I I was there for a little bit and I don't remember where I was. I just remember we were near the ocean and there's like this famous bay, we went to war, like this gigantic, it's like this dock that goes out into the sea and it was it was pretty cool. We were I think we're yeah, I don't know where we were but it was a good time,
very calm
and that was a while ago. Um I can't even remember. I I think I had to have been a my my second
year in high school, So that was probably over 10 years ago. Okay.
Oh me. Well currently I'm unemployed I'm looking for work so I do these kind of things to you know make a little cash on the side
until
something
I don't
now. So how about yourself what do you do?
Yeah I was I did work in a store prior to this uh produce basically stock the produce and make sure it looks
Yeah like vegetables in the store. Um Making sure everything was stored properly and stuff. Um
So that was what I was doing prior. Well you know Covid you know
ooh that sounds tasty. What did you do?
Oh yeah I mean this whole you know just no
one could have foreseen how it was gonna go. So you know I mean that makes sense to me. Has it been with your son being home schooled? Um
Right,
yeah. It has that been has it been difficult or have you enjoyed that?
Yeah. So Oh yeah, because yeah, that makes sense. So um they didn't have lockdown this like early like March um april
may june around the time, covenant
it's safer, it's safer to do
that. Yeah,
so it has to be very stressful on you though, I imagine this whole thing.
Best.
and like you said, you've been in lockdown already in um Chicago. Right.
Yeah.
hopefully we get a stimulus back, you know, that be nice
was that's a lot, I don't think that's realistic,
it's bad when politics becomes a reality show, you know?
Too much, it's yeah, it really is too much. It's it's been very very damaging um for a lot of people, you know, I don't think
he's really helped people to be honest with you. Uh huh.
Yeah it's it's um it's scary. I
I've heard that there's been people leaving facebook for this at parlor and um a good amount of these people just it's over trump stuff that they're they feel like facebook is oppressing them and you know, like they're they're blocking out all the trump stuff and
it's
no I don't think so, I don't think so either. But you know these some of these supporters are very radical trump supporters, you know?
man.
Yeah facebook's uh facebook's gotten a lot of trouble about that because they they have helped spread some really ridiculous conspiracy
theories,
you know. Exactly, hatred, yeah a lot of hatred, hatred based conspiracy theories which I guess maybe that's all conspiracy theories, but yeah, they've been very damaging in that way.
Exactly. And it's it's just not it's not a realistic portrayal of how things are, you know, you can't you can't get information like that just off of a facebook image
that anybody could have posted. You
know, um it takes it takes a little bit of research, which I feel
like maybe facebook should do the opposite, that they need to they need to crack down more on on
information
that's just wildly false. I mean, I feel like a lot of damage done with Covid where people were doing silly things and not listening to, you know, um basically basic
health parameters. I feel like facebook influenced um it's cones
that
that's important.
That's important.
I mean, there's, you know, it's there's just so much at stake for um
for individuals in those positions, that there is this there is this need to influence um voters, right? And
you have to remember
that that, you know, and that you have to do your own research because um when it gets stressful and tense, I mean, you know, people, people tend to to um change
information to be a little bit more false than it is, or sometimes when you're like trump, just entirely false, he said some things that have been absolutely ridiculous. Um So yeah, it's very important to do research.
Really, really bad situations. Yeah, you know, hopefully we can move past that, you know, now, hopefully hopefully we can we can move past the whole trump stage of politics, Maybe it gets to
something a little bit more rational, but
yeah, he passes the presidency over to biden in january, so for the rest of the year he has to um he
had he
has
until december, so we still have november and december but he's going to be so angry about the election and trying to prove it false. I highly doubt he's going to do anything else,
you
know
he does. That's so the thing is when I think about it, I don't think he he might try something crazy but it's not going to work. You know? Um
The one thing that
I think is dangerous about it is he might polarize people more and that's the big dangers that he might have actual people backing like actual citizens back in it and that that can be dangerous. Um But hope, you know, I don't know it's it's going to be destructive if he chooses to do that, it will be destructive. But again it's just another thing we have to move past, you know? Just get
Yeah, that's that's the one thing is violence and you know that the thing is I don't feel like so like I'll read things that like people who are very progressive or put out there and I'll read things that people who are very conservative put out there and there's a very gigantic misunderstanding between the two groups. They don't they don't really see each other anymore. Um So one side does something,
the other
side is gonna polarized more. It's not going to unite people essentially, you
know?
there's um it's not their how they view things emotionally and this is something we all do. So you know, like I get it, it's something that we always have to check ourselves for. But just when when you start identifying emotionally with your politics and not based on reality or what the facts are, you tend to double down on your beliefs because you begin to identify with them too much. And so when someone attacks your belief is like they're attacking your identity and then it gets
it can get nasty, you know?
Scottish.
Yeah. It's it's um when following your heart is really good when you're dealing with your own like like your own sphere of interaction. But
you
know what
exactly exactly. Uh Yeah once you start dealing with other people it gets it gets you have to start using your head and start thinking about
what other people are gonna doing stuff. That's very true. It's very true. I actually have to think about that now to like seeing it instead of just saying emotionally but follow like to follow your heart thing because there's just a slight difference. But I think it makes a very big statement and I'd like to think more about the whole instead of following your heart
follow your
head.
Did you tweet it three times now
Didn't he? He announced that he was President three times now.
Okay. I know that he went on live tv and announced that he won the presidency.
they
do that too much of our president. I mean they do it as much as they have to but it said that they have to do it so much for the United
States of the President.
Yeah trump is uh trump is a character. Um Yeah I I laughed at a lot of the tweets. I know what you're talking about. I can't think of any on the top of my head but yeah I there are some good ones out there. I'm trying to think of one to tell you but I can't I can't think of one. I I don't have a good memory when it comes to Um two tweets for some reason. But
yeah well that means that I have to follow him right? Oh
all
right but it was nice to meet you and I you know I hope that um I hope that everything is it's an easy it's an easy journey between now and january for you and
your family.
Absolutely. Well you have a great day.