Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah.
sorry I didn't hear that. What was
doing? Well thanks how about you?
No not this type of thing there.
Did you have a busy day at work? Like what what time zone are you in?
Sam yeah.
thank you sits. Yeah.
were a lot of extreme weather and yeah.
yeah knock on wood. Right.
Come
on.
Yeah that's
the thing
about remote working. It's if your wifi goes down you're kind of stranded.
What?
I'm a student uh zoom university type thing. Yeah we're doing it all online tones
You know it is not what I'm paying for like you're still paying 100% of whatever
tuition
and fees you do but it's not the same quality but you know everyone's in the same boat. That reassures me a little
uh it's just it's really hard to retain the information and it's weird to like raise your hand on zoom and ask a question instead of just sort of leave.
I'm back home. Uh
it just
makes more sense
And I like it. My dogs are here so Mhm.
Wrong.
A two hour people mix now.
He's about £30 and it was this is really weird. But mom's the pitbull, dad's the Chihuahua.
Yeah I know. I know. Um And then a miniature pincher Dawson mix
little little guys. What about you?
Can they sense it?
Yeah
biochemistry.
I'm a junior. Yeah
wow. Yeah. We're get
we're almost this is my last week of the semester because everyone's doing shortened semesters. Could we want to end? So
Yeah, before thanksgiving in the flu season So
And then hopefully hopefully either grad school or med school, but we'll see.
You
want
moving up. Huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's
this
thing
over
one. All right. It's like a technology
app or something called Lobster that does simulations of it. So you have to like quick
the different options and then you have to like pour the liquid into the thing like Uh huh. Yeah.
At
you.
Yeah, but you only have like one hand. So like you have to it's very like it's very laborious and tedious to do. Like you have to pour it and then put it down. You can't like you can't pour it and then move this cup to the side. You have to like pour it, move it down, then take this one and then pick it up. So it's like,
yeah, like you have to like throw
the tips so there's like, like betting tips, you have to like put them on and then you take up the liquid and then you have to put it the tip in the trash, like once you're done with it in between each time.
And it's like I've worked in a lab before, so I like actually you do that with one hand while you're doing something else because it just takes so much time otherwise, but you know. Okay.
it's a little weird but I'm part of a female investment club on campus.
Yeah, it's just like a passion of mine. I'm really interested in the stock market and economic, so we just had a stock pitch because I just joined the club, so we had a little stock pitch where we um presented our buy or sell ratings for the stock with a comparable companies analysis. But yeah, so that's basically it.
Gosh.
Yeah, like there's just so much going on, there's a lot of market volatility right now. But any advice I have to say that like my peers is just start saving for retirement as always. You can. Yeah, like on my on my 18th birthday I went out and I opened a Roth IRA account for retirement.
It's really weird and nerdy, but you know, that's just
Rough.
Where is
like
peak income earning years? You would want to do an ira, but if you're below where you hopefully want to be an income bracket in terms of taxes, you could do a Roth ira because that has a better tax advantage if you're paying low taxes because you'll still have to pay taxes on that money, but you can let it grow and when you take it out for retirement, you won't need to pay anything. So it's like Tax free growth. Whereas with the normal IRA your your tax deferred right now, but when you take it out and when you're 65, you have to pay taxes on it. So if you're making a lot, then your tax bracket is going to be high higher. So
tax
well,
like
are formally, it has no current tax benefits. So for someone like me who's a student who really doesn't make much money, it's good because I'm taxed at 0% like tax bracket basically, so I'm not paying any taxes on it, but come when I'm 65 I'm not going to pay any taxes on it either, but it's like because I already fulfilled my tax obligation, So let's say maybe I paid like 0.5% of taxes on it now because I'm somewhere between zero and 10% tax bracket.
you
don't,
no
no no. So it's like you can earn all that compound interest and you're not paying taxes on that part.
Because if you're if you're making a lot of money right now it could significantly reduce your tax or not significantly but it could reduce to an extent your tax obligation right now. And then let's say you plan to retire before you start taking from your I. R. A. At that point your tax bracket will be well since you're not in points you're 66 and you're not working, your tax bracket is in the 10% range. So you don't need the tax benefit then as much as you did when you're in your prime working years. It's a little confusing.
so there's there's other rules it's um each year the I. R. S. Um. Designates a maximum amount you're able to contribute. So I'm pretty sure this year at 6000. Um And if you're over 55 you can contribute more as a catch up. Um but So you can't contribute more than that and if you don't make that much per year you can only contribute up to 100% of your taxable income. Mhm.
So
as normal income yeah. Yeah whereas if you put it into a normal ira
they will that will deduct some of your tax obligation for the rest of your income taxes. Federal income taxes. Yeah.
No.
I know
I
want.
Yeah. Here we go. Mhm.
Yeah I know.
Well
definitely. Yeah.
Do you have any fun extracurriculars or poppies that you enjoy?
definitely.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm going to school out in California so I'm
flee the cold.
yeah.
Uh
I don't want to pay rent ridiculous L. A. Rent.
It's nice like it's it can get a little monotonous because the weather is the same every day, just everyone feel relaxed so there's like never really a sense of urgency. Um Even within my major, which is we're pretty like uptight but for someone or like those people are like suffered.
yeah, it's just like a vibe that they give off and it's nice, everyone's really welcoming.
I'm usually too wrapped up in things because I do like a lot of other clubs to uh just so like a little bit to boost my resume but a little because I enjoy it. Um Yeah I don't have time to really explore.
I saw Demi Lovato. Um She was walking in my apartment complexes like garage to like um
get safe passage to the front or from one of her venues that she was having and her private security team was with her and it was very intimidating because I was walking my dog and my dog was like freaking out about it because he's just very skittish about time. Yeah but
that's
it
wasn't
recommending
direction.
Yeah.
Um Long flight but I usually I did end up driving my car out there but we wanted to fly the dog out because we flew with him because we don't want to do that to him. Yeah and I like to take my road trip straight through. So yeah. Yeah,
It was like 46 hours
I think. 47. Yeah.
No, I don't myself,
I didn't really sleep that much. Um yeah, it was really bad and almost honestly a little dangerous, but you know, you live anywhere and I won't do it again like that.
I'm just like really motivated by money. Just like no matter what if it's like a dollar or if it's like future opportunities and I have like that mindset, I don't know and it's fun. So
Yeah.
Well that's
not
all.
I don't get a ton of those. I'm technically working part time, but
I'll get more like academic ones, but I'm like super like, you know the scientific method? I love that. Uh like I feel it. So when they're like, what do you think we were trying to study? I love those questions.
Our hypothesis was,
hello? Well,
What? Okay, so you said you're, you're working with health care insurance?
And
well,
What?
makes
some
Well,
it was
Well,
definitely.
Yeah. What I noticed when I like my freshman year is a lot of people like treated it like high school part two. I joked a lot. It was just, Yeah, high school part two and they weren't really, I didn't know how to live away from home yet,
so yeah.
I was proud of my notes.
I felt like the, like the old old man telling the kids to get off my, well, I'm like, I don't know, I went to boarding school so I was used to like living like norm. Um So yeah, I was I was very grumpy when people were being stupid, but
you
know.
crying. Yeah.
No, that one was sad. Yeah,
it
was actually for competitive snowboarding, so it
was,
yeah, yeah, I broke my back, so that's why I went to college. Um But yeah,
yeah,
a little bit, but it's really hard to have self control when some of the tricks that I want to do are so easy and within my grasp I try to stay away with from it a little bit. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, that's it's a big thing up in Vermont um a new Hampshire really and it's really big for alpine ski racing.
yeah, it's just skiing and snowboarding. But yeah, like
there There's there's I went 2-1 in Vermont one in Oregon so.
And
no
Yeah the entire school was for it um there was 30 students are no more than 30 students at either the schools and
very small. And I was always only for almost always the only female snowboarder there were usually female alpine skiers. But
it is
this is great.
What?
Yes. Yeah make sure you start early time, is time is on your side still? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Compounded I think like Einstein said it's either the 8th or 9th wonder of the world so take that to heart. Yeah.
Yeah let's get it perhaps
thank you thank you.