Hey. Hi.
sorry. I said how are you?
I'm doing pretty good. I'm glad someone showed up. Have you done this before?
No. Okay. I had signed up for a couple different ones and everyone kept showing me up or like me up and then I did one of those earlier this week and I finally had a talking partner and so yeah,
yeah, I'm in Eastern. How about you?
But where? Maybe like state or
I'm down in florida right now. I am actually close enough to the Tampa Bay Area that there's a tropical storm hitting tomorrow. We're overnight, so it'll be a little adventurous here. Um,
A little bit. Um, I've been a different place than for, I think this will be my 5th hurricane tropical storm. Yeah, they shouldn't have been that much, but they do sometimes. Um but I'm high up in a pretty sturdy building so I'm not too worried. And it's just it's just, but it's just a tropical storm. So um you know, those tend to be, you know, lots of winds and wind damage but nothing too crazy. Hopefully.
Right. Exactly. Um It was like an essay, you know about my day, which was really nice. Um I it was not a super busy day at work, I work remotely right now, I have to listen to a webinar about insurance because
it's open
enrollment period, I'm not sure if you've ever gone through open enrollment, but it's like yeah, around november. Um And then besides that I just kind of try to get things done so in case I don't have power for the next couple of days, I will
you
guys
And like you're the one who's out, it's not like, you know when everyone's working in office, it's
like if it goes down then everyone's down so then you know, and the whole companies are working, but in this case it's like just me. So yeah, what about you?
That makes sense. How's that been going for you?
Thank
you.
Yeah. Have you found like the classes to be and that sort of learning environment?
I don't think it's like, yeah, that's why are you still, are you still living on or around campus or you back home?
That's hard
to,
yeah, if you have that ability for sure. No.
I'm actually excited to
what type of box you got there.
wait, what, how big would that type of dark thing?
I have questions but Okay.
Uh huh. That's so cute.
hmm. I they're not, my dogs with their family. Dogs got a Bernese mountain dog, I have been, does there are like 100 something pounds over here and then I couldn't even tell you the other one is definitely a mutt of some kind but like some doberman, maybe some saint Bernard in there. Just a really cool like brown and black kind of coat all mixed in but a sweetheart. So but they are not going to do well during a hurricane. You can think about how they don't even like thunderstorms is going to be like a day of a thunderstorm.
Yeah, I don't think can fully sense it and I'm not as in tune like I don't live here, your butt. I think as some of the brain's been coming in like the early bands are definitely getting a little like little nervous like but apparently during thunderstorms so like even like hide in the bathtub and I'm just I'm picturing this big dog hopping in the bathtub to hide so we'll see, we'll see. Mhm.
Yeah. But she said you're a student, what are you studying?
Whoa, What? Like what you're doing?
you're getting there. Yeah.
So neck is next year it's like two more semesters after. No, we're only halfway through this this this year.
Get everyone out.
So you have three more semesters. Uh
That's exciting. I am okay. I have worked since graduating myself um in colleges and universities, so like the person who oversaw your dorm building or the person that, you know put on the big activities on campus, that was kind of me. So I don't do that right now. Now. I actually talk to colleges and universities about
how
they can work with their students and use technology, so a little different,
we've been moving over I'd say. Um
So I got I was working solely on college campuses about like right up until basically everything started. I kind of got out in time. So um So if I'm a little curious to, I'm like, how is all this going? Yeah. Mhm. And
so biochem, But you can't do in person labs, What do you
how
does
that
work?
Two?
I know.
Like if you do it wrong, it'll mess up or tell
you
or something like that.
Oh, so it's not just like you click on something and say, do X. You have to actually do it in the screen
change?
So it's also showing you them, it's also trying to reinforce the methodology and not just the
Yikes. Well, that company is making a killing right now, I imagine because that's just okay. All right. What do you do? You know, outside being a biochem? Major
investing.
That's so cool. What? I will admit. I'm not all that well versed in the actual investing in stock market stuff. It always seems intimidating. What do I, what should I know about right now
first? Right.
How much?
No, I don't I don't think being financially sound independent as weird and moody at all. Um That's awesome. Yeah. I have like my work for one case which aren't nothing. Um
But I need to start doing other things I guess I'm about 10 years behind you now so I feel I need to catch
up
otherwise.
Okay, so the Roth gets taxed like pretext or
text
while it's
in there.
So you pay the taxes now, you
pay
the taxes throughout. So
like,
so why would anyone not just do with wrought iron?
Everything you're saying sounds really good. I just I'm trying to put it all together. Okay, so a Roth Ira would tax me kind of now as I put the money in If I'm putting more money in like 10 years from now is going to tax me then too.
And
will they tax me on that money I put in each year?
What?
that's where my taxing, it's not just, it's not really being taxed in the account.
It's just that, it's just that I can put money into a regular ira pretax. So I'm not paying tax on that income, same thing. Maybe like a help. You don't really like a health savings account that I might
have.
Okay, good. You got it. Okay.
And then, and then I pay all the taxes later, whereas with a Roth Ira, I'm paying the taxes as I'm getting the money and putting it in so I don't have to pay any taxes when it comes out.
I got you. Okay, thank you.
And
now I've learned things today. That's great. Okay, so you're into investments in the stock market. Lord. I wish I had stock in zoom like, you know, a year ago or something, you know.
like who would have thought the people who made masks would be and that all the entertainment would be going down. Not the best.
True. Nothing else distinct is what you just mentioned. I don't have like such a cool fun fact. Um Lots of things I like to do. I listen to lots of podcasts. Um Probably one thing I do some more fun, some more just information. Also kind of how I get my news delivery as opposed to like keeping cable news on all day and going crazy. Um a big travel person. So this year kind of really sucks. That's my thing. I am like I said, I've been living in and out of florida, but I'm a Disney season pass holder. Yeah, so they caught me when I was worried, I moved down to floor and I was like, I am, I'm like, doesn't eat commercialism that maybe maybe I'll go once and I made it like my first year and a half living for like never went to zero. And then um a friend was going, I said sure I'll go, she had the ears she made made fun of for the whole time, but I really liked going and then another friend want to go to Disney, so I went back with her and then I got like hooked, I had the ears by the end of the trip, I like everything. I was like, I took out an annual pass on that trip and then like once a month from their own out I was going back. Um They caught me, it's, you know, it's um they know what they're doing for adults, Children, anyone they know how to get you.
So um that was one thing. Um But I like to just a big road trip person so like any time I could do like a road trip when I was done florida a lot more. It's like yeah Atlanta, new Orleans, fun places like that are really doable. Um Or the beach. Uh
My other home base is up in new york state, so probably more whether like what you're used to and I it's not for me so much. I get really cold and it's dark and cold.
Bring them here.
So you're so, so you are typically at school in California, but you're in massachusetts right now. Yeah.
Oh
no. That's so far from where you want it to be. It makes sense.
L. A. Even, What's it like living in L. A.
Go, go, go. Oh, New England. Yeah. So a bunch of like surfer folks.
That's cool. Um, I was going to ask like when you're there, do you ever get to like, do you like get to the, go to the beach and do things like that? Are you too wrapped up in everything?
That makes sense. Ever see a celebrity? Uh huh.
What?
Some
incident for
you.
That's
the nickel
has a story to tell. Did you? Is that the same dog? Like you, did you bring your dog from California to massachusetts? Yeah.
Okay. Long driver, Long flight.
Well, it's not like 40 something hours.
What
someone drunk with you?
Where do you sleep?
I, I just drove 20 hours over two days and that was too much. So um How'd you find out about things like this? How do you stumble on this?
that makes sense. So did you get this through prolific or? Yeah, same.
Yeah. I've just been, when I was like working remotely, I'm like, I have downtime that normally I'd be talking to colleagues or you know, taking a little break at work or go into the cafeteria or something there and instead like I was like, you know, I could probably, I download some survey site survey apps awhile ago just for like here and their money. But then I started realizing like I could really build a lot of this into my routine, you know, And it's especially like compared to other things I like because I think that the academic research is a little more interesting at least compared to like just like user testing or like politics or things like that I really like you know every survey is a little different. Sometimes I make me think about
you
know
my own life in my own workspace. I get a lot of them about work like work dynamics manager ones and I'm like huh? I wonder what I actually do do or what I would actually do during this situation. Yeah.
Yeah I'm sure.
me too.
I was
was just about to say that because sometimes it's so like like oh wow that was like super quick or super odd. I didn't think the survey was ending. Like what are they trying to study? Like what about me are they trying to get at? Yeah. That's right. Yeah. All right let's take another topic here.
No. Oh no no no. So I we had our internal presentation like our HR was talking to
us about
how to get insurance on the next cycle. But I actually I work for a for a tech company focused in on
college universities. So I do a lot of like training. I'm in zoo type calls all day or you know, teaching people how to use software, answering questions, telling them how to like be the most strategic about using things. Um But
it's
nice it's nice for me because I always work with college students and working on a college campus. So it's nice to still kind of talking them about that but not be on the front lines. That makes like
this is my first hurricane, right? Just get to sit like when you're working on campus is like one of the staff members. Like it's go go go and contact every student, check in with them, make sure they're okay. Uh, make sure there's
activities. So when the power goes out to help get food
distributed when the power goes out, make sure folks, you know, who have medication that needs refrigerator and make sure they have a plan in place. Like lots of just logistics of it all. This
is the first one and I'm like, I might be able to just like sit in the stairwell was, you know, the dogs and a glass of wine and a book and like the flashlight and just hang out. So
no,
not a place. Um, but that's some of the fun and it's figuring it out I think, you know, not everyone like, it's great to go in and like have that head on your shoulders. Like no, like take things seriously and like no that, but maybe some other folks have to take a wine near path and have some different setbacks. Wake
up calls,
noisy little
student
id drunk fighting for no reason.
no. Yeah. Oh, I like that one.
It's a boarding school. Yeah,
that's
You're
going to mention that.
Wow.
Can you still see number at all?
makes sense. I never would have thought there was morning school for like for like sports to help, like, you know, get you there for sports like that.
I was about to ask if it's also for skiing in other sports.
Yeah.
What, you have some really cool stories there, you know, I feel
very boring in comparison.
Um So like, was it like a larger boarding school and like you were in a subset for the for the winter sports or was the whole school for that?
It's a very small schools,
wow, It's like a really small. Okay, that's fascinating.
That's my new fact. That's like a whole subset of anything that I never knew about. It's really, I did no such thing. Yeah. So I even stayed close to home for college. It was after my master's degree that I flu and moved across the country because I'd stay in the same place for so long. I was like, I can't, I can't just always be right here and never know I never do outside of it. Then I ended up loving florida and I became adjustment person, so that's fine.
Yeah, but well,
thank you, appreciating all that. That was, you need a, you need a fascinating life already and you are going to have all your retirement stuff straightened out.
Even at like 29 or 30.
Okay. Well, that's fitting to because I was definitely just talking about how I feel like I'm at a good place with some saving things that I want to start moving money around different. So let's put it someplace and not touch it and let it compound.
well, I know we're past the time we had two, but it was like I was saying it's really great talking with you and she all sorts of luck in your schooling and all your extra money endeavors to
have a great rest tonight.