SPEAKER_L: you aren't? Yes, you're on video. You're on. I am in the frame. I am ready now. I just switched. It seems as better. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Okay. So now I'm waiting for. Mhm, mm hmm. Sure. Yes. Oh no, I don't think I can do that now. All right. No. Yeah, you're lowered. Really? Mm hmm. Oh, you don't feel like I want to do. Mhm. Well, okay. Three minutes. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Okay. Wait, let's get cracking Children. Something like that. Yeah. Check. That's one thing. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Where is my person? Hello person. Thank you for coming. Maybe you're just gonna talk a moment. Oh, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. During the right thing. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Hi. One second. Okay. Can you hear me? All
SPEAKER_L: I've done three times and nobody's ever shared up. So I was sort of shocked when I heard a noise. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry. I was a little late but
SPEAKER_L: No, I was just reading the directions. We weren't supposed to sign in early. So you did it right. I find the hopes.
SPEAKER_R: I was so scared last time. This is also my third time. Um But like I was so scared to sign in early because I was worried like it would penalize me.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't even read, I mean I read it but I guess I I went right over it and I was just double checking the directions so I know what to do if somebody didn't show up again and that's that I wasn't supposed to sign in early, so I have been recording nine minutes, sorry, researchers, but I guess at this point I didn't expect anyone to show up so I didn't think it mattered.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have you done it three times and actually connected with someone else, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know why your experience has been so bad.
SPEAKER_L: Um I don't know, I mean I still get paid something for
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: it so it wasn't that, you know, I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: wait
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: as time
SPEAKER_L: five minutes and I get a dollar 50
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: so and
SPEAKER_R: don't know when I get paid money for waiting. So
SPEAKER_L: yeah and and you know doing something
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: else, it's not like I have to close all my other tabs and it's not a job interview or something, I'm just sitting there, I get
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: a dollar 50 which in british
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: pounds is actually more um but this is good too, I mean to actually get to do it is also nice
SPEAKER_R: you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: more.
SPEAKER_R: My first few times I was so scared it was going to be so awkward, but everyone is really friendly. So if
SPEAKER_L: I think like being a lockdown helps. We're all desperate to talk. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: true. You make a point.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you're located in the United States, so we have sort of the same experience going on with what's going on with the lockdown and stuff, although I know every state is different, but we just tend to spend
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: more time at home.
SPEAKER_R: way more than anyone else. Um I don't even remember the last time. Like I hung out with someone like a friend that I wanted to see. You know, it's been a while. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You have to stay pretty much, I live in a rural area, so we like we have a kurd yards so we can pick berries and do gardening and you know do stuff and be outside and not really in public because we can control who else is there? Um so we have a lot of opportunity to see my friends from six ft away outside. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I also lived in like the country um except sometimes like they don't, a lot of my friends aren't comfortable with that and also have family members that have like serious health issues. So I and they actually live with me. So um so it's kind of, it's just scary.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it is. And most of my friends are either vulnerable or they live with someone that is like they're over 70. Uh their husbands have COPD and you know, things that are really scary, so we're careful. Um but when I'm taking these surveys sometimes and they're like, do you get outside to exercise? I mean a second. Well, yeah, I can go walk in my yard or you know, because when you live in a rural area, it is different. But people in the cities, I guess literally what they're asking, do you leave your house at all and that's getting out, Whereas we can walk outside our door and be out. It's just like the park. Um so I have a hard time answering those because, and you know, it's there like bubbles you fill in a bubble. There's nowhere to explain, Well if I walk out my door, there's, you know, 5000 acres. I can walk around and it doesn't all belong to me that I'm not going to run into another human. Um And you know, and then I think, well what do they mean by out? Do they mean like crossing your threshold or getting in your car and going to a different location? Because I haven't lived in a city for a while. But I guess you live in a city, you'd have to walk down the hallway in an apartment, go down an elevator. And all of those would be like no places for me. And Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um yeah, we're really lucky that we live in the country. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I guess it would seem like it would be harder to get supplies and stuff though, mostly ordering online anyway. So
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: new
SPEAKER_R: walmart
SPEAKER_L: york.
SPEAKER_R: walmart pickup and things like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm doing a big pickup tomorrow at the grocery store. Which has turned out to be a real problem for me. I don't go very often. But you have to reserve your space days in advance.
SPEAKER_R: Weird
SPEAKER_L: Which means you can keep adding stuff to your cart for days. Which is like a disaster because I'll be there you know midnight there's nothing to do. I've just
SPEAKER_R: adding
SPEAKER_L: been watching
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: things.
SPEAKER_L: great hours and I think of five more things to put in my car and before you know it it's just gone insane. But when I go and review it I'm like no those are all necessary and they'll be out of half of that anyway. So you know it's really not you know I'll tell myself that but I'm really not all that that those are just like that's like a wish list and I'll be lucky to get half of it. but if I actually get it all, it's just a disaster. Um But that's, you know what we do, We go grocery shopping once a month, give me five days to think about it. And I bought shoes and pants online, which I've never done before, but I'm not going into a store and trying on stuff. Um and where I live, I'm in the south, so we were in a real hotspot and most people are fighting about wearing masks and stuff so it's not safe to be in an enclosed place and you know, trying on clothes, you're there for a while, you're going into the little room, you're going back or you can't just run in and grab something scan and leap and they fit, I ordered pants online and they fit and they ordered shoes and they're almost perfect. Um I know this sounds crazy. Most people do this all the time, but it's, you know, when you live in the country, it's a real hassle to return stuff. You can't just, you know, you're gonna stuck with. So,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: but I think the shoes are going to work and the pants are gonna work, so that's done for a year.
SPEAKER_R: that's nice. I actually quarantine has made me like spend so much money on things I don't need like, which it should be the opposite, but like I've just bought so much like media and things that can keep me busy. Well I do nothing, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but I think that's why you need
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: it. I mean it's like it could be a therapist
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: or you could
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: be, you know, have some horrible habit. I think that anyone that can channel that need into something that, you know, it's not illegal, immoral or requires detox um that it's worth it. And I've spent, I'm gonna have so much stuff. I don't know whether I overestimated it because it was in the future. You had to buy it then not knowing. I mean, I didn't know if I was going to have to go get a job as an incident a worker. How many masks or hand sanitizer I need. Whether I'd be able to stay at home. So I have two gallons
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: of hand sanitizer. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: well prepared.
SPEAKER_L: I am. Except for
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: the check they sent us the $1200.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: That's about how much I've spent. So it's fine because sort of my
SPEAKER_R: balance. let's
SPEAKER_L: freak
SPEAKER_R: sit down.
SPEAKER_L: out buying Yeah, was subsidized. Um And I've got it and and I've helped other people out who but didn't land. And you know when you have two gallons of hand sanitizer, you can you can give someone four ounces and not worried about it.
SPEAKER_R: Yo
SPEAKER_L: And I'm I'm actually really digging the fact that the internet, watching everything I do because they keep showing me where to buy stuff that I'm actually looking for.
SPEAKER_R: that's funny.
SPEAKER_L: Used to be annoying, but now it's like look at 95 masks are down to 1 25. Do you want some? And it's like I just paid $3 for those three months ago and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: funny.
SPEAKER_L: know what I'm looking for and it's like, hey you were looking for shoes in this size the other day, Here's some in their 85% off and it's actually helping. So I haven't turned off any of my adblock, you know, turned on ad blockers or anything because because the internet knows everything so when people can enhance sanitizer, toilet paper or anything, I was just clicking stuff and buying away and just like please. Yes, monitoring my every need present me with opportunities that I mean I had to send stuff to my parents because nobody could find when the toilet paper and everything was bad. Um You know the internet told me where to buy it.
SPEAKER_R: You're not really positive outlook.
SPEAKER_L: Um Well, you know, it's not like I'm a prepper, I'm not a prepper, but I am old enough to have lived through the cold War. So you know we expected an apocalypse for many, many years and you know and nowhere in that imagining what their amazon on an internet and all this stuff, this is actually you know, pretty easy and I'm an introvert so it's not killing me. And I have several like I don't know what you call prolific. It's not really a side gig or a job or something, but you know it's somewhere to have like nine of those have been like one of them has a forum with about 10,000 people from around the world. Well that's that's really interesting. Um So you can see where other people are going through and you know where it's worse and um and you know, and like you said we're lucky to live in a rural area. I can't imagine being forced into that fear of having to breathe other people's air leave your house um And having to be an essential worker which I'm not um
SPEAKER_R: I think of this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean
SPEAKER_R: True,
SPEAKER_L: I had a business that I had a job, I remembered the last recession
SPEAKER_R: true
SPEAKER_L: so I've had savings because it happened before it's going to happen again so I can pay my bills and when you live in a rural area
SPEAKER_R: cheaper.
SPEAKER_L: your bills are but yeah I'm not paying $3000 a month to have a 300 square foot apartment in the city. The current leave. Oh so I kind of feel I mean it's not like a practicing gratitude but you know I am aware of all the good things and how much worse it is for other people um and I know that you know as a country we're not doing a great job with the virus but it's so out of control it is we can't do anything about it so I can just let go of it and just stay in my safe, my safe place away from other people prepared with all the stuff that I bought. And yes, I did sign up for prime and got
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: you know, because you can get the 30 day samples and free trials and everything. So like watch everything on the free trial through the hole, the entire library on the internet and still not spend more money than I make on prolific. Um Yeah, so I finished HBO I'm done. I can nobody's making anything new this year. So it's not like I have to now see the next season because there isn't one. Um So I can actually catch up with the entire internet
SPEAKER_R: That's great,
SPEAKER_L: and I have I still have jobs booked, I'm a pet sitter. Um So people have booked me like a year in advance for long vacations and they're canceling at the last minute, which isn't their fault, but you know, so I don't really actually feel like I'm unemployed because potentially they could actually go on that vacation in october um and I don't blame them and some of them have given me money anyway because they know that I've sat here waiting for them. Um but it's not their fault, so I feel like once this is over I'm just going to have my business again, people will be able to travel and I'll go right back to work, so that's not something that most people have the ability to know because they're going to be okay once this is
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: over,
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: my mom is. She's
SPEAKER_L: it's really
SPEAKER_R: self employed and she cleans houses for a living. So she has her like individual clients, she visited visits like four different people's houses a day and cleans them. So she knows that she's going to have those people she can return to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And that's the thing is they're not getting someone else. It's not
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: like I've dumped them and they're gonna replace,
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: they're not
SPEAKER_R: trust
SPEAKER_L: using
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: that service and when they start using it again, then I'm back and we had, because I'm self employed to have the opportunity to get the small business loan. Um but you do have to pay interest on, but the interest for the security
SPEAKER_R: definitely
SPEAKER_L: peace of mind, I'm just holding onto their money for a couple of years. That's okay with me. I have student, let me feel like
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: you're not gonna scare me at this point. You
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I am on you
SPEAKER_L: give
SPEAKER_R: with that.
SPEAKER_L: me more money, okay if you haven't learned by now. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: are some student loans that you're just never gonna pay off,
SPEAKER_L: All of them because its income contention and they, you know, when they gave me my student loans, it was during sort of the scam period where they knew we weren't gonna be able to pay them, so they wrote into them that it was only supposed to come out of the 15% of our disposable income. Well I have
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: to make a lot of money before I have 15%. That's disposable income and I'm okay with that because that means instead of Starbucks coffee or going out for this year, whatever, I pay my student loans, which is perfectly prayer, but they had never had any intention for me too. Forgo housing or food or medical care or anything for my student loans for every year. You just fill out a form, you tell them how much you make and they're like, oh God, you can't pay this. Um and so I haven't, and I'm not in default or anything, they just, you know, they were designed for people that did better than I did and had a lot of disposable income. Um, so apparently they don't hold that against me because they just gave me more money. That's just, they make money by giving money to people, they're closing costs and points and shifting money around and then selling those packages, they never cared whether it got paid back. Um, and I'm
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: doing any
SPEAKER_R: of knew.
SPEAKER_L: violation. Um, but you can't tell that to people that are stressing about their student loans and stuff. Um, once you get in that mindset that you're, you're in trouble and you're going to be, you know, you're going to be financed. They just can't not pay them even though it's fine that, you know, in the documents, it says its income based. So if your income is low, don't pay them, you're not in any trouble. Um, people can't get out of that. So I've been hearing that for years. I think I'm only 10 years away from when they're forgiven. Mm. Yeah, except for them. They consider that income. So my entire student loans with all that interest has been building, it's considered income that year. So I have to come up with like thousands of dollars to pay taxes for that year. But, so it's,
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: it's many
SPEAKER_R: forgiven.
SPEAKER_L: was less than the student loans and I was terrified the first year because because, you know, I didn't have any money, I didn't know what to do and I just kept reading it over and over and over again. I couldn't believe that it was okay. I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: can't believe that everything was fine.
SPEAKER_R: I hit my head this past year while I was in college and um I had to drop out for the semester and then continue healing and things like that. Um And because of like being out of school, they were like, all right, it's time to pay. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: obviously could not like I was having health issues and things like that and I just talked to them about it and especially with like all this pandemic stuff going on, like they immediately said, all right, here's six months check back in with us in six months.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because you should have, like, you get a year or four barons and then six months of deferment and then a year of for
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: baron, but I guess it depends whether they're private or private or federal loans. Um But yeah, it's really scary like when you're on that side of it before, before you find out it's going to be okay. It seems like, you know that you're, I don't know that it's worse than any injury or anything that could
SPEAKER_R: exact
SPEAKER_L: happen. Like they don't really great
SPEAKER_R: bread.
SPEAKER_L: dragons out of their houses, Crows and debtors prison, but it's the most terrifying feeling in the world and that's how they want us. They want us to be terrified and feel guilty. Um and they don't feel guilty. I mean
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: there serving,
SPEAKER_R: they just want their money.
SPEAKER_L: so they have like, you know, they have thousands of people with advanced degrees and finances against me. So if I figure out, you know the trick to the game, I don't feel guilty because they were in a much better position to decide what risk
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: they were taking when they gave me the money that I was. Um and it's business, it's not like I borrowed it from my uncle, they make money, that's their business. They knew what risks they were taking, what risk
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: they weren't taking, I didn't know what risks I was taking. It turned out everyone was lying and that came out over the year. Um but I'm okay with it because I haven't paid them action.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know anything going into it because I'm a first generation called student. Um So I literally knew nothing nothing about loans. Like nothing about going into school or anything. Like even now I'm like, what's going on?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I saw, I mean, I was really trying to get my first real job. Um you know, we're expected to make enough money to pay Kidman's, like when the 2000 and eight crash happened. So I spent the whole first year when I was on for parents, I would talk to the guy at the student loan place, he was some kind of manager or whatever and he couldn't flat out tell me not to worry about it, but he said just about everything, but, but I just couldn't take it every three weeks. I talked to him because I'd be like, well what's going to happen? He's like, well they can't get blood out of a turn up or something. He like had the, that they're saying mixed up and he's basically telling me, what are you worried about? You don't have anything that's like that you're going to come and take your limbs or sell your, you know, he's like, just don't worry about it, it'll be fine. And that's what he was trying to tell
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: me. But you know, and you must have a really horrible job because he's got all these people in horrible positions, problem. And then, you know, I read the loss and everything, but I went to school three times. I didn't learn the first time I have three degrees. So the first time I didn't have any debt because it was a local college, I wasn't that expensive and I think I probably got scholarships and stuff, but that was before things got really, there's maybe like $2000 a quarter. Um And then I had a book scholarship and stuff like that and it wasn't a in a way school, so I just lived at home. Um And then the second one was graduate school, so we didn't get free tuition, like you're supposed to like most graduate students do, but we did get enough payment for, we had to work, you're either a research assistant or a teaching assistant that paid your tuition and enough to live, you know, at the poverty level, but still not sushi, you know once a month. So it wasn't like we were dying. Um And then the third time I went to law school and that was just a big, stupid thing. Uh and I was aware of it the whole time because that was the first time I took out loans. I went into there with no student loans. Um, but I spent the whole three years asking every question possible about loans and debt and everything because I knew I was accumulating debt. Uh nobody really had the answers and it took me years even with that background and education and asking experts every school day for three years, whenever the topic came up from, I still didn't know anything about it really. And even with
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: don't want
SPEAKER_L: telling
SPEAKER_R: to tell you,
SPEAKER_L: you not to pay it when you know, he works for the student loan people until I was finally done, I was out of money and it was time to pay and I just said no. And they're like, oh, you have to. And I'm like, no, I don't think I do. Uh, they just went away. I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: didn't teach you how it works, what did they expect?
SPEAKER_L: no, they did. Um, There was a group from Harvard that came to our school when we were third years, so that's after you borrowed all the money. And they came in and they gave a talk explaining student debt and student loans and all that stuff and I had already consolidated and done everything I could, you know, to, to lessen the damage. Um, Whereas these other people just hadn't even really looked at it. Um, they were, that was the first time they were hearing about what their payments were actually going to be and you know what they had to do and that the Department of Education has a swat team. Um, and they were shocked and I'm like, man, you should have paid attention before that. But they also, they'd already been to college, so they had much more experience than you and then entered law school. So at some point in those three years signing those papers, you know, over and over, but they really just did it for us. They found the loan company, they decided the rate, they did everything unless you have bad credit. Um, so nobody ever read anything. They didn't look at anything and they didn't realize what they were getting into. There was a lot of people that were shocked, but I know that, you know, because I had three times to like do fill out the fast foods and get used to it and work my way up. I wasn't that shocked. I was shocked that it turned out I wasn't going to get a job and be able to pay them. Um, but I've gotten over that and the private loans, they were very predatory. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: but there were a private loan company that only gave loans to medical and law students, so they really should have been more choosy and more careful about that because you don't try to steal from lawyers, you don't send someone to law school and then try to scare them and steal from them because we know like it may be hard, but we know, you know, the law, um, and they were really bad and they're really mean and they're like, oh, if you can't make any, if you can't make this payment, then you have to pay the whole thing at once, which is just nuts.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: It's like,
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: what do
SPEAKER_R: possible.
SPEAKER_L: you think, You know, making $40,000 in a depression?
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: They're like, well, can't you borrow it from a family member or something? That's like, exactly. And then then I thought, you know, no, isn't such a bad word. They can't actually do anything to me. And I deeply believe that those loans were federally backed, that if we defaulted, the federal government gave him the money, It turns out I was right. No, I would have paid it. You know, they had like said, you can pay $50 a month, so you make more money or something, but they're like, no, you pay $400 a month or you pay $40,000 right now. And I'm like, okay, how about nothing? Never talked to them again. So that got rid of $50,000 off the top. Um, because you know, like you can only scare me so far and then I can't be any more scared. But no matter how much you scared me, I'm not going to sweat out $40,000 in fear. If
SPEAKER_R: I wish.
SPEAKER_L: you wanted me to pay you $50 a week for the rest of our months of the rest of my life, I would have done it. If you think you're going to scare me into creating $40,000 a year, you have a bad business plan or somebody has already given you the money. So they're, they're gone. They sold that loan maybe five or six times and weak. In fact, they sold it again and I noticed that they tried to put it on my credit record again, which you can't do after seven years and the credit agencies immediately plucked it back off. I don't even have to ask anyone because they're like, oh God, here's one of these Foodland, take it back off in my score, went back up 80 points. I'm like, you know, I would have paid it, I would have paid it. Um So there's a lot of things in life that aren't as scary as they as they make it sound and we're conditioned to to do, you know, we're told that it's immoral not to pay it back. Well it wasn't immoral for them to give it to somebody that doesn't have any money. Not immoral for them not to work with you when you get a head injury or something, you know? Okay, well, past when you can or well, gee we didn't see that coming either, we should work that into our business plan since we're a multibillion dollar bank. Um You know, I'm not going to feel bad for them, they're a multibillion dollar bank. If they can't handle me, then maybe they don't need to be in business because one multibillion
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: dollar bank and I don't have a whole team of Harvard, you know, MBA is making my financial decisions so
SPEAKER_R: an average customer.
SPEAKER_L: Right, so maybe they made some really bad decisions. Um I'm not gonna lose sleep about that and you know as far as I know my tax money is what's keeping them in business anyway, even there in poor and you pay taxes because when you're self employed you pay taxes even if you know if you make over $400 a year you're going to pay 16% of that. So you know and so Covid is much scarier to me than any of that other stuff. And watching people this week this is when that they can start getting evicted and the unemployment benefits and and all that. It's just so awful even though it's not happening to me. And
SPEAKER_R: my women
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: just ended
SPEAKER_L: Oh I'm
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: so sorry. Um And I hope it's like only a week
SPEAKER_R: We'll
SPEAKER_L: before it comes back.
SPEAKER_R: see. True.
SPEAKER_L: but you're not starving and you're not getting evicted or anything, right?
SPEAKER_R: Not right now
SPEAKER_L: It's not okay.
SPEAKER_R: I did run her home, so um
SPEAKER_L: You do. So you don't live with your parents.
SPEAKER_R: I did live with my parents, but my mother is the only one who works, so kind of all the income from everyone's unemployment is how we kind of stay afloat, you know? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And that that's been helping. Um So I know that you know, they're going to extend that you're still going to get unemployment. You're going to get something, but I don't know what's going to happen past that. And a gap. I mean I've been poor for a lot. So I know what it
SPEAKER_R: Get
SPEAKER_L: was like to have $14
SPEAKER_R: your,
SPEAKER_L: and I've been your rents to. Um and I just got lucky a lot of times. But hopefully, you know, it'll be done in time because I don't, I don't think they understand, even though not everyone in Congress is a billionaire. I don't think they understand that the first of the month as a lot of significance. You know, if we do it by the first of the month, or within five days, it doesn't matter when you do it. If people don't have rent saved up for the next month, especially when they're suddenly hit with the bill for the last three months. Um Do you know how to type really fast? Are you like one of those
SPEAKER_R: Really good sniper.
SPEAKER_L: uh you should look at rev dot com
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: know a friend. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: right now, I mean, the pay isn't great, but they still have work. Uh So if you move over to captioning where that pays a little bit better, they have to all the schools and everything that are online have to do captioning now. So there is work there. Um And I don't do it because I have money. I've saved up money that I have my account, but I'm not taking jobs from, you know, I'm leaving them for people they needed. But yeah, I mean people can make four or $500 a week. Um I also can't type so it makes not as good as other people but I'm really good at finding files. So we have done our 25 minutes and it was really fun.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. I hope you get matched with another partner if you do it again.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But I have my did get to do
SPEAKER_R: Me
SPEAKER_L: it again. It's nice meeting people. I'm really shy but I'm getting better at this.
SPEAKER_R: too. I'm definitely an introvert.
SPEAKER_L: It's great meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Bye.