SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, mm mm hmm. Yeah. You Yeah I think. Uh huh. Alright. There we go.
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: Hey what's up
SPEAKER_R: not much in yourself
SPEAKER_L: doing? Good to multi just busy with school and all that because I'm a second year in college. What about you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: actually uh graduated years ago, so actually work from home.
SPEAKER_L: I see. We're business or what field
SPEAKER_R: Um more of the car sales industry,
SPEAKER_L: car sales. I say. Did you major and finance or I don't know what region that is. You know
SPEAKER_R: Uh that would be more uh what I graduated from business management.
SPEAKER_L: business management. I see what university to go to. Right.
SPEAKER_R: of South florida, You
SPEAKER_L: Uh So far I'm going right now to actually gm you have a friend who just left me to go to florida. Some. Yeah you W. C. Or something like that in florida for music. But yeah. I gotta give you Virginia. So
SPEAKER_R: may I ask what region of the country you're at?
SPEAKER_L: Virginia. So that's where I am. I go to George mason University, that's where it is. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that's nice. I'm just down here in a good old human florida over here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know it's really humid over there but over here it's really I think you've heard of like Virginia D. C. And Maryland being like really weird the weather. Some days it's like snowing other days it's hot like on and off. Yeah that happened like a snow like a week ago. Something that, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: jeez. Very unfeasible like. No uh I heard of the what you call it, the DNB area. Oh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you get the extremes, both polar opposites, the hot, freezing
SPEAKER_L: treatment.
SPEAKER_R: cold and Blizzards and one Count.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that normally happens for us. It's mad but like It's just random. So we haven't had a blizzard since like 2011 but we might get one this year. I don't know. But yeah so I'm a double major at GMU. Also that's what I do yeah.
SPEAKER_R: team with that. Sorry about that. There's a dog in the background,
SPEAKER_L: Don't worry I have a bird who screams half of the time and she's upstairs so
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: but Uh majoring in information technology and music pedagogy which is similar to performance but more teaching like instructional one on 1 pedagogy. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: okay. That's very interesting for that. What what made you do A. I. S. And pedagogy? I mean.
SPEAKER_L: I hi to yeah. Um Mostly because I need a backup because if I um because music pedagogy and tell you about it, you know it's music and especially during a recession like everything pretty much goes back whatever like we're in a recession right now so it's already starting to so even though like if you play your cards right as a musician you're fine. But anyway Having an 80° always has me like as it's like a plan c rather because also if I get injured and I can't play that's like half of my work gone so I can only teach. And since half of the world's gone other than gigs and performances then I have to resort resort to I. T. And I know I. T. They generally um they're always needed everywhere like we're less than where you are, especially Virginia because there's a lot of tech companies like there's Micron and Lockheed martin three blocks down.
SPEAKER_R: Okay wow. I I know that for your information technologies it's uh it's a field I respect but I just don't have the desire to do the coding and whatnot. I mean to each their own, everyone is different for me. It's uh looking at the fine lines like you really have to be precise and one small heatstroke and really screw up everything for programming,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I see. Yeah that's that's that's what I mean like I don't mind I. T. Because anyway I was planning to do I was a kid and I was trying to do music anyway so that's why I was like I'll just do both. But I th yeah it's pretty much like that, like you mess up, it's like jobs or whatever, especially like if you're like an I. T. Oversee or like some company and if you mess up you're gon you're just gone. Which is Yeah because they usually, I know they're really strict about that, especially for overseas but like if you're in the pit which eventually I'll have to be like, the pitch is pretty much like when you get hired, you're just thrown into a literal pit. And like the bottom floor like this the stuff level floor and you just punch out code for like hours at a time, that's all you do punch our new programs and you're in there for like months. But once you're out the pit then it's better. But even if you're once you're at the pit um but you're basically probation for a long time because basically you screw up a couple times. Especially like a program for a client. And I know there's like strikes usually Lockheed martin the strikes. So and I feel the third strike doesn't matter. You're out,
SPEAKER_R: Now is it always a guarantee you get out the pit or is it just
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: you just
SPEAKER_L: used
SPEAKER_R: want to
SPEAKER_L: it's actually always a guarantee because they always put you there so you have some experience working with people and literally cubicles. So that's why like it's a stressful environment so they throw you down there and then after a while like since I'm doing I. T. I'll be up with like other people. But since um my friend for example he's doing CS computer science he'll be in the pit. But after he leaves instead of going with me to the I. T. People, he goes with his own people to the CS four or you know the wing that does all like the CS stuff because CS is mostly computer science like um software engineers, they make the code rather for it. We know the code and we know how to troubleshoot it but
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: we can't we can't really make it, we know how to use the tools that's about it. They make the tools
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So you start hard the same ground, common area, but you just go into different ways from there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah after like I think um
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it depends it recovering from like months to a year or two. But generally even when you're there like I know the the yearly rate is like for the year the payout is like 70 K. 80 K. And if you have an internship to you can skip the pit entirely because you know um you already affiliated with the corporation, you've already done your pit stuff. Like you already been in the pit internship so you can get out of there directly after college and already get like what 1 20 K. Salary? Usually that's like 100 100 20 K. Salary. That's the average.
SPEAKER_R: How's the work week, like is it straight 40 or is it flanks from there?
SPEAKER_L: It's generally it can be other flags for like 40. It depends what we you are if your I. T. And cybersecurity because technically I can do cybersecurity because I'm I. T. Um it's mostly relaxed. I mean you don't have your there but it is flexible but if your C. S. You have to be there all the time because you're the one making the codes, you're the one making the programs which is troubleshooting it and but yeah and then for music to I'm trying to like make both the reality because I'm trying to work out some conservatory or some university and both like B. I. T. And a music professor. But I have to do my doctor for music. But music I mean I teach right now also because um even though I'm taking like even though I'm swamped with classes I'm taking like I have like three students and teaching right now on the on saturday so tomorrow. So um it's in person which they don't mind Casino covid so they don't mind being a person. But otherwise um if they do mind I say sure zoom. But um you know for music to normally it's unlike a set schedule. Music it's you know it's really flexible. You can pretty much take whatever you want. And surprisingly like I know a lot of people say music is pretty bad as a major. It depends your instrument if you're like a brass God forbid you because you're done. You're not going anywhere if you're like a violinist or if you're a cellist or even a viola, you can get usually People who freelance and have, uh, you know, studios to teach and all that, they can get upwards of, I mean, one of my old instructors, he hinted or he gave me a range of what he makes and it was around 120-1 50,000, And I know some professors even more
SPEAKER_R: jeez it's so basically you're saying the string instruments get a lot more versus than the wind instruments?
SPEAKER_L: because we have a lot of banks and a lot of more people interested in a violin than like uh, brass for example, because there's a reason to like, you know, in symphonies, you've seen a symphony, right? Yeah. You ever seen like how there's so much less woodwinds and brass can break the strings. That's because of the balance too. So that's why, um, statistically it's, there's not many, much, like I know the ratio is much like, uh, put it lower for brass and the violin, so there's much less brass and there's not much less need for brass and woodwinds even in gigs because people really want strings for gigs and maybe an occasional piano.
SPEAKER_R: Well I thought for a symphony is that the brass can overpower just to sound more like a few people versus the string where you need more to output the sound? I don't know, that sound like,
SPEAKER_L: that, that is true. But, but in general, the reason why that's much more less like uh, grasped. It's just mostly because again, balance because even at like peonies seem more like really soft, they can still overpower the strings really easily. That's just how they are. It makes sense though. But generally that's why it's significantly less the amount of people. And also for gigs to, I mean, um, before covid I was taking gigs monthly, I could have done weekly, but again, I was in school and I still am. But um, generally the gigs, they can pay out anywhere of them. It depends like what your credentials are. Since I'm still a collegiate, I can only charge the most for like if it's a wedding, I can only charge almost like 1 61 41 60 an hour. But if I graduate and I'm a collegiate, I can charge around like 3 23 50 an hour.
SPEAKER_R: Now how can you say there's a limit? Is it just like you have to show your credentials for these type of events, like a wedding or you can just go off by saying like, hey, you know, I'm
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: looking at this type of school, you know, Juliet arts or something and just say, you know, you can charge X amount of dollars, but you haven't graduated as you get.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean, it's mostly like, it's kind of a limit, but it's mostly because reputation wise, because for example, if I was to charge like 2 50 or 2 80 for like a wedding gig, which it took a couple times. I never charged that much where we get around because people speak all the time and especially the music world, like in this area, it's really big, but people talk, so then they would find out that um, I'm overcharging as heck even though I'm like, at the time a freshman because that was two semesters ago spring. So they were pretty much my reputation would go down. So that's why generally it's a considerate and good to charge like 1 20 to 1 60 because anymore it'll ruin your reputation because people think you're greedy and overcharge it even though you're just a collegiate, not even collegiate, you're still in college,
SPEAKER_R: So it's essentially, it's not like strict guidelines. It's more like an honor code basically because once you break that word gets around and then no one's been basically how you for gigs or something or you get blacklisted or something?
SPEAKER_L: exactly, blacklisted. But your reputation becomes significantly lower. Because then if you ask like a musician, another one about like this person, like if someone was to ask about me, then they would know that I don't charge that much and unreliable, but if I wasn't reliable, don't charge that much and someone needed a musician and they asked for one more, They wouldn't recommend me at all because I already know about me. Because generally also to, I'm on a lot of lists, like when churches were open and they, you know, they had um operas or whatever. I was usually on the list. So like from a list, they would just pick a random musician if they needed someone for like the pit or performance, but they would also go by reputation. So if they know you're consistently showing like early on time, and if you don't charge like an absurd amount, they'll consistently hire you for gigs. But if you don't, you'll be on the list, but then I will pick you maybe like once just to see how you do it. And that's it.
SPEAKER_R: Now is the DMZ area basically where you want to reside and basically reform gigs on top of, you know, on the I. T. Or is it more like you want to go out west type of thing?
SPEAKER_L: pretty much. I want to stay here mostly because if you're like the only hotspots for music actually are like here in Vienna University, because that's what Jacobs is and oh, but for God's some conservatory in texas, because conservatory at the same level as ivy League. So the school I go to the School of Music, it's one level below a conservatory because we're really well known. We have we have a reputation of like putting really good musicians, so we're here below. But this area in general to it's
SPEAKER_R: hurry up.
SPEAKER_L: known for music. Unlike for example, you know like Arkansas or whatever those States, you know the States, no one goes to California, it's fine, but it's way too expensive convention here. So that's why I'm never going to go even though they have a good music scene. But then yeah, because dems also there's a lot of gigs around here like back when um back before Covid you can easily get a gig like really quickly, pretty much like if you knew the right people and you were to ask simply if they don't want to take a gig, they just give it to you and say you want to take a gig. Because that's even when my last instructor did my professor, if he could have taken, because he had a performance, you give it to me, I take over and I get paid, I wouldn't charges amount, but I get paid a similar amount.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So is is there like an event you can say that you have done like pretty big or you had some big time celebrity or is it more like politician because you know since you're in the D. M. V. Area like have you done an event for like politicians or someone big before?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Um no, not really for both. I've had, I have had like um solo concerts with the local symphony by here, Manasseh Symphony. I've done, I've been a soloist a couple times. I played like Um most are five and um Mendelssohn Concerto, so that's the two I played, but otherwise not really because mostly because I've been really busy studying and also like, you know, I like, it doesn't really matter what age like you start performing at, but it just matters to get to the stage fright because anyway, like it is like there's people who debuted it and they're like 26 from like major conservatory in Germany And they're already known in the solar spring and others have debuted at like five years old and there's still, no, but you know the skill level can be the same. It just depends when, it doesn't really matter when you debuted, depends how nervous you are and only did it just, you know, I don't get as nervous because you know, all those people in front of me at Hilton, I just had to be like, okay, just relax and I get over it and then I kind of got used to it, so I still need more experience, but anyway, it doesn't really matter because um as long as you're not as nervous, it's pretty much like worth at least you like
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it's worth it to wait then.
SPEAKER_R: okay because I would think it casino type of crowd is just like I guess if they want to take a break you watch your performance over here versus a paying crowd at a jazz club or something that were you know they actually pay just to see you perform
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I mean,
SPEAKER_R: right until we are your guess nervousness and that level is a little different where it's a little nervous for me. It would be going in front of a passing crowd versus the crowd that's actually dedicated and focus solely to you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's really true because like when I perform, especially even like I have recitals occasionally, or used to back before actually, even once during the summer, but it was an online recital, but that wasn't that nervous. The ones usually like when I had recitals at my professor studio at the university, or I was a part of the departmental, which is like the showcase of the strings, you know, a showcase of the virtuosos of the string department, like me devon at the time, victoria, couple other people, it was nerve wracking mostly because everyone's dedicating the crowd and you know that I'm like, old people, they're tearing you apart, they're just critiquing like the living hell out of there just tearing you apart. That's why when you're missing. No, you're like shit now, there's nothing to talk to me about
SPEAKER_R: Especially
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: with your own peers because they know that you can probably take the heat, but sometimes you don't know what, what level, you know,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: you can dish it back out to them.
SPEAKER_L: yeah generally to. Yeah. But anyway like um the music was also really toxic to and actually pretty racist. So that's why I'm lucky to go to George mason because I know that like um was it? I know some conservatory's like Oberlin a couple others. They have staff there specifically the string section that we're kind of known for like really you know like really weird like you know really pretty much like borderline racist comments all the time and actions to. I mean I know for a fact like um most conservatives like even my conservatory, my pretty much conservative at this point my School of Music I go to that it's called the Dewberry City Music because we have like a billionaire funding us. Which is really cool. But um there's only literally three Hispanics in the string section. Me Dela Cruz and I forgot the other one. But I know he, I know he exists. See the Masters. That's it. That's literally everyone else is either white or asian. There's one black.
SPEAKER_R: Oh jeez. I would think the last place racism would still exist. That will be in the symphony world,
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, it is really bad. I mean for example and professional symphonies, like you've heard of a new york fell, Berlin fell. There's like a journey auditions. The reason why the auditions are really like set up in the way they are. So the auditions now is pretty much a blind audition curtain. Um You have your shoes off, you can't even wear your shoes because they can tell what type of shoes you wear like by the type of shoes you wear. They can tell what gender you are and that's already gonna buy issue because they really don't like females already. So they don't want that. So you're pretty much
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: your when you enter in like at the stage, the current still closed. But the sound is still good. Your shoes are off, you walk with your socks and you do not make a sound. You do not make any vocal sound because even by the voice that can tell what race you are judging my voice and
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: just play whatever notes and song and then that's it. You go in quietly. You leave quietly.
SPEAKER_L: pretty much they do the talking and that's it. And like from that compared to before, like I know um new york started doing that and also Cleveland symphony started doing that a couple others. But the general trend that was noticed is that before there weren't that many females accepted were even made to pass the prelims the preliminaries, but afterwards they started doing blind auditions, Almost an equal amount of females and males started getting through rather than almost all dominant males. It was equal, it was 50, 50, pretty much so that was obviously one tape and even the colors were different too because it was much more diversity compared to like wider asian or just dumb light.
SPEAKER_R: I can't believe you have to do these blind auditions just to find out if you're in and then find out here is the final piece over here now. Are, you know, multi diverse
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really like, it's really toxic and there's a girl I used to get yourself because I'm already used to it. I just mostly I don't keep to myself, I'm friends with everyone because you have to do with everyone because you can't make an enemy. That's what I do. But, but yeah, for symphony, uh, it's always blind audition can talk and for competitions it's worse because they usually want to see you even at the very end because you have to for the performance. And that's when like it's really biased because even um, but you heard like a menu in competition, right? So it's like there's too many wins as a junior and the senior division or those two divisions and for both to um there's not that much racism because everyone comes by, it's all types of racist usually, but it's generally whites and asians maybe. I know there was one hispanic who is a senior, that's it and one black or too lax that's it. But even some of the judges from before, like I think Benedict's bagley also acknowledged to like he didn't acknowledge that it was racism even though we know he just said that what's sad is like the final round and the final round is usually three people from each division, three junior, three seniors. And even though all three at that point are equally as good, it's just up to the judges what they feel like at that point it's no longer skill. That's like he even said he can somebody boil down to what shoes you're wearing or you know what hairstyle you have or how you smile, how you act or you know he was going to manage it, but obviously you can't because this was during an interview, what race you are? That's one big factor.
SPEAKER_R: So they can't do these type of like auditions where they basically just turn the chair, listen to how you play and then make a determination from there. I can't believe you have to do behind a curtain socks off and be quiet about it just
SPEAKER_L: That's generally what they have to do. I mean um yeah, that's what they have to do, but the competition is harder because they can do that for the prelims and like the leader of the elimination rounds when it comes to the final round, which is always gonna be with the symphony and it's like a recital, they have to see them because the conductor has to be there as well and they have to see them. So that's why it's really difficult to hide that. So um yeah, even I was told to because I did a couple competitions, I've only one like one or two and one of them is that George mason's with soloist competition and surprisingly runner up wasn't like white, it was, it was devon black friends. So that was neat. But other competitions like even I was told to that you're gonna lose a lot of competitions a lot, you're going to lose more than you get eventually start winning competitions frequently more than you lose. It's gonna be a long time. And even then they said even um almost all my professors told me to you can be the best performer or the best richard also in the competition, but even if you're the best, you might not win just because that's how it is, that's how the music growth is. It's been like that. I mean then to like um almost all the music and symphony repertoire is Beethoven Wagner Brahms Sebelius, almost all white people, maybe a couple of Hispanics like sarah santa and a couple others. Or uh to expand its name, coochie, some like that. And because like Even less, almost like no blacks at all, 72% uh someone did a statistic I think in Juilliard for that. And they found that 2% of like uh oh Berlin, Symphony nso uh new york a couple others, they found that only 2% their repertoire from the past 10 years was from a black composer. Only two
SPEAKER_R: 2%.
SPEAKER_L: out of all of them, Almost like 95 or nine, more than 90% were all white. And that makes sense. But the problem is to like there's a lot of good black composers but you know in hispanic
SPEAKER_R: Entrance.
SPEAKER_L: too, but for all that.
SPEAKER_R: I mean for me if I would have been a composer, of course I would go the theatrical route which will be on soon. So, I mean, I just love his music soundtracks are like batman series. I just always gets me composed just I guess it's does he have like a focus more on string? I think in his type of music, theatrical music.
SPEAKER_L: I think he does yeah, but that's like a different genre. Like That's that's technically is a part of the class, especially not part of the classical is probably contemporary period because we're in the contemporary and that's gonna end like the next 60 years. But yeah even then there's a lot of like black and Hispanic composers from like the past, Baroque, romantic and classical period who just who are just forgotten. No one really knows them either and now they're starting to get into that. I don't know how long it will last.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Especially with the political shaping climate we are right now. It's just unfortunate that I'd even know about that as well. To, yeah I would always think composer like hans Zimmer he's white but german as well too. So insert.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's it. Yeah, most of the composers are like some type of white beard like american, Canadian german um it's mostly gonna be white and if not white, the second was common is going to be like italian or french like Paganini and a couple others. That's good.
SPEAKER_R: Okay yeah that's very true wow jeez I mean I give you a break from what you're doing and I hope you know all the
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: best for
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: you especially what is your ultimate goal is
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: it to be more into the musical world then? Like you said the it will be just the back backdrop in case of everything always fails.
SPEAKER_L: um mm I want to say something like that like again like my final goal because what I plan on doing is after I graduate GNB which will be like in 2023 or fall of 2020 because any one more semester because double, double degree, I'm going to be going to some conservatory. I think Cleveland or I don't like Juilliard, I really hate Julian to New York. I can't stay in New York. So I'm probably going to like Cleveland, Oberlander or Jacobs School of Music. Did you pursue my Masters and probably some other conservatory's doctrines? Then afterwards I'm going to have to start doing a visit because I'm gonna start doing um I'm opening a studio, but hopefully by here, but then before even open studio and you start getting known as a soloist because what I need to do is I said, I started getting on the circuit, that's my ultimate goal. They want to at least somewhat known in the area with performances or whatever. Then I can open up a student, people know me my name and my reputation. And then from there I can pretty much like grow a reputation even more into the point where I can audition for some university or some conservatory, like a good school of music at university or good conservatory. And if I get in I can both be in a like part of the strings department and also possibly work as I. T. Also when I could just working at work on call as I take just because I still need to keep it up because I
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: I know I can work on calling microns. We're pretty much you know they just call me whenever like randomly. But at least I'm doing something my degree and I'm keeping it up because if I just blank out for like years I can't because also during my doctors and masters I have to take a part time or not part time and on call at least and luckily for I. T. Can be done all along because you
SPEAKER_R: true
SPEAKER_L: know its I. T. So I have to go to building I can work from like across the country if I want it.
SPEAKER_R: so that's both you and you can work literally from where you're at conservatory and then at night you know work at your I. T. Position. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's that's probably some of my plants can be it can be hard to get it down but that's my plan usually that's my plan actually. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I mean I wish you the best of luck. I mean hopefully one day uh you know I get to if I'm ever out there and get to see you perform,
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully Man one Day 1 Day
SPEAKER_R: what's your name? One more time.
SPEAKER_L: alexander key songs.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. I'll be able to, if I remember that one day, I'll hear your name and then passing by. I'm like, I remember this get kid from just doing this prolific chat over here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because my name is really unique. It's actually the only last name and the country and so far in the world key songs. Doesn't know whether I like it.
SPEAKER_R: You know, I mean, my last name is Yannick its european, but there's only a dime a dozen here around the whole world. So it's a very unique name as well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's cool. All right when I was talking to you man
SPEAKER_R: All right, nice talking to you. I hope you have a good, uh, friday night and weekend.
SPEAKER_L: you too man. Have a good day
SPEAKER_R: Peace.