Hey,
not much in yourself
actually uh graduated years ago, so actually work from home.
Um more of the car sales industry,
Uh that would be more uh what I graduated from business management.
of South florida, You
may I ask what region of the country you're at?
that's nice. I'm just down here in a good old human florida over here.
jeez. Very unfeasible like. No uh I heard of the what you call it, the DNB area. Oh yeah,
you get the extremes, both polar opposites, the hot, freezing
cold and Blizzards and one Count.
team with that. Sorry about that. There's a dog in the background,
no.
okay. That's very interesting for that. What what made you do A. I. S. And pedagogy? I mean.
Okay wow. I I know that for your information technologies it's uh it's a field I respect but I just don't have the desire to do the coding and whatnot. I mean to each their own, everyone is different for me. It's uh looking at the fine lines like you really have to be precise and one small heatstroke and really screw up everything for programming,
Now is it always a guarantee you get out the pit or is it just
you just
want to
if
Okay. So you start hard the same ground, common area, but you just go into different ways from there.
No.
How's the work week, like is it straight 40 or is it flanks from there?
jeez it's so basically you're saying the string instruments get a lot more versus than the wind instruments?
Well I thought for a symphony is that the brass can overpower just to sound more like a few people versus the string where you need more to output the sound? I don't know, that sound like,
Now how can you say there's a limit? Is it just like you have to show your credentials for these type of events, like a wedding or you can just go off by saying like, hey, you know, I'm
looking at this type of school, you know, Juliet arts or something and just say, you know, you can charge X amount of dollars, but you haven't graduated as you get.
So it's essentially, it's not like strict guidelines. It's more like an honor code basically because once you break that word gets around and then no one's been basically how you for gigs or something or you get blacklisted or something?
Now is the DMZ area basically where you want to reside and basically reform gigs on top of, you know, on the I. T. Or is it more like you want to go out west type of thing?
hurry up.
Yeah. So is is there like an event you can say that you have done like pretty big or you had some big time celebrity or is it more like politician because you know since you're in the D. M. V. Area like have you done an event for like politicians or someone big before?
And
okay because I would think it casino type of crowd is just like I guess if they want to take a break you watch your performance over here versus a paying crowd at a jazz club or something that were you know they actually pay just to see you perform
right until we are your guess nervousness and that level is a little different where it's a little nervous for me. It would be going in front of a passing crowd versus the crowd that's actually dedicated and focus solely to you.
Especially
with your own peers because they know that you can probably take the heat, but sometimes you don't know what, what level, you know,
you can dish it back out to them.
Oh jeez. I would think the last place racism would still exist. That will be in the symphony world,
but
so
you
just play whatever notes and song and then that's it. You go in quietly. You leave quietly.
I can't believe you have to do these blind auditions just to find out if you're in and then find out here is the final piece over here now. Are, you know, multi diverse
So they can't do these type of like auditions where they basically just turn the chair, listen to how you play and then make a determination from there. I can't believe you have to do behind a curtain socks off and be quiet about it just
2%.
Entrance.
I mean for me if I would have been a composer, of course I would go the theatrical route which will be on soon. So, I mean, I just love his music soundtracks are like batman series. I just always gets me composed just I guess it's does he have like a focus more on string? I think in his type of music, theatrical music.
yeah. Especially with the political shaping climate we are right now. It's just unfortunate that I'd even know about that as well. To, yeah I would always think composer like hans Zimmer he's white but german as well too. So insert.
Okay yeah that's very true wow jeez I mean I give you a break from what you're doing and I hope you know all the
best for
you especially what is your ultimate goal is
it to be more into the musical world then? Like you said the it will be just the back backdrop in case of everything always fails.
that's
great.
true
so that's both you and you can work literally from where you're at conservatory and then at night you know work at your I. T. Position. So
I mean I wish you the best of luck. I mean hopefully one day uh you know I get to if I'm ever out there and get to see you perform,
what's your name? One more time.
Okay. Okay. I'll be able to, if I remember that one day, I'll hear your name and then passing by. I'm like, I remember this get kid from just doing this prolific chat over here.
You know, I mean, my last name is Yannick its european, but there's only a dime a dozen here around the whole world. So it's a very unique name as well.
All right, nice talking to you. I hope you have a good, uh, friday night and weekend.
Peace.