Hi there.
I'm good, how are you?
Good.
Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Where are you at?
Okay, I'm Wisconsin.
We have not much but yes
we typically get our first snowfall around Halloween. But you know we don't usually get our bad snowfalls until like december. So yeah
we had a heat wave in november. I mean we had like 74° here.
I bet
that's cheese and beer and the green bay packers.
No no no no. Never been into all that.
Yeah I like cheese but I'm not a cheese freak, you know?
Well um well not much right now because we're in the top three states of covid again we're having a huge our numbers are higher than they were at the beginning of all this.
it is it's depressing that people aren't doing what they need to do.
Me too.
I know. Or they'll say it's uncomfortable, it makes my chin break out and it's like who cares would you rather have your chin breakout or be dead?
I would rather have a breakout personally.
well it's like people
don't want to be a little bit uncomfortable and it's like I told my daughter all the time it's like you have to be uncomfortable, you have to jump through other people's hoops sometimes, I mean just a part
of life.
No.
Right. And if they did,
could any of us afford it?
Do
you,
Today.
Yeah there are times when we feel like that.
Yeah I have a 15 year old daughter
uh mine's still asleep yet, I have not woken her up yet.
She
just
she
switched to the on demand school last week because going to school during the school day, she was not getting up or staying awake and it wasn't working. So I don't know this online school thing is really hard for some of these kids.
Yeah I'm a single parent and I got divorced three years ago and moved away um and I took off from my job FMLA so that I could be there with her and then uh long story short my coworker was just being an idiot and I hated her anyway.
Yeah so they tried to give me I tried to stay home, try to work from home because I have diabetes so I'm you know higher risk and they were giving me to go around and stuff so I just finally said I quit so
I quit my job.
I haven't even, every time I look there's nowhere really hiring around me, I mean I think a lot of companies are just not hiring right now.
so
no, I'm just kind of chilling out right now.
I do this kind of stuff to learn, a little bit of extra money and I've been investing when the market is down, I'm putting money in the stock market, so
right
now I've been investing in Tesla,
I had a friend of mine who started, he went on for two hours about all the things that Tesla is into, not just cars, and I was like, you know what, I'm going to think a little money in there, see what happens?
No.
they're up to, I think about $420 a share, But I got a bunch of them when they were $383.
So and from what my friend says he says Tesla is just going to keep going up.
I
don't
know.
Yeah I mean I didn't know anything about this stuff when I got divorced and I started reading and researching because I decided you know it's just me now so I want a beautiful life and so I need to learn how to do this stuff and so right now with Tesla I go through Vanguard and when I was unsure I just call them and say hey here's what I'm looking to do, can you explain that Adada And they did? They're really great I think.
thank
you. That's it's a wall tapestry
and it is an elephant.
Yes let's
see if
I can.
No um I think I just got it from one of those kind of hip, well maybe it came from it. Yeah. I don't know. It's one of those little hippie shops, you know.
Me too.
I told
my
daughter when we came here, I said I'm going to embrace my inner hippie.
She's coming out.
Well,
no,
it is. Yeah.
I'm about two hours from lake michigan.
Yeah. We've been over there, we went over there a couple of times. I mean this summer we still went but we just had social distance. Um
Oh we're lucky here because you know, we went on a I'm like a Tuesday or something so it was fine. I mean there weren't a lot of people and Wisconsin is a little bit less populated, you know? Not that the Beatles can't get busy, but they're not wall to wall.
Yeah. Yeah.
So yeah, I'm I'm here in Wisconsin for, I promised my daughter that I will stay until she graduates from high school. Mhm. And then I plan to move.
Well, I think it's either going to be south Carolina or new Mexico.
I know right.
I've always wanted to go to town. I've never have been um long story short. I during this covid I started, I went into a facebook group that had a chat feature and I started chatting. I went into a group chat with some people and I met a guy. Um, I have not dated since 1991
Because I was married for 25 years and I was divorced for over three. And anyway, I met him and we connected and we started talking and I drove from Washington from Wisconsin to Washington state to meet him. He was having back surgery. And so I drove before that and then I drove again in august so we had like a two week second date
and
you can yes and I mean we talk every day and such, but our plan is our plan is to go down as soon as covid as um manageable and to visit new Mexico and kind of look around and see what we think as if as a a future home for us.
And I'm probably the the ring is in the mail, so this week I'm going to be getting engaged.
Thank you.
Mhm.
I can hear your daughter laughing.
I know. It's it's so ridiculous.
Yeah. Well I didn't think, I mean I had no idea.
That's what we've both said. I mean he said he said all his life he has looked for the one you know. and he finally decided, okay, I'm done. There are gonna be no women. I'm gonna get myself a cute little dog
and I'm going to live happily ever after. And I said that's what I had decided like
six months before that I said it's okay if I'm alone for the rest of my life,
I'll
be fine. I was not meant for a partner in this lifetime, you know, maybe next lifetime. And that's when we went in and met and it was just a really instant connection.
So
Well, there's nothing wrong with that.
Funny.
I haven't become a hoarder either, but I used to do retail dumpster diving. Yes.
When
I was still married, I mean we would any stores without comp actors,
we
would go and look in their dumpsters and I tell you what, there's been some awesome stuff that I've got like bed bath and beyond. They throw everything away. I mean sometimes they destroy it now so that you can't use it. But if a customer, you know if I like I got an air fryer from the dumpster,
an air fryer
new
in the box. I mean somebody had brought it in. They didn't like the way it worked. They returned it and they bed bath and beyond through it in the dumpster.
So
it's like all right they throw away anything that gets returned.
They don't even try to restock it.
The mall is never a good spot because there are mall cops. But a lot of the dumpsters that we have are just kind of like out behind the building and they're not if they don't if they're not fun standing they don't say no trespassing. they're fair game.
We usually went really late at night, like midnight or after.
Um There are people who go really early in the morning if you're a morning person. Um And it's you know it's just crazy the stuff that they throw away.
And there are facebook groups. If you look up dumpster diving, there are facebook groups where you people post pictures. Yeah
so if you really want to like get your mojo up, you join the facebook group and then you can see all the pictures of stuff people get and you'll be like I want that. I wonder if my story. Is that
what happened to what?
Oh yeah I've sold it on facebook sites, I've sold it at garage sales. I mean one year we made Like 1200 bucks off of stuff that we got out of the dumpster and stuff that we got off of the curb. So if a neighborhood would have a garage sale, you know a neighborhood garage sale, a lot of people don't want to mess with their stuff so they put it on the curb so we would go pick it all up and then bring it home our own sale.
my name is julie.
It's nice to meet you too.
I
was gonna say your daughter is probably saying goddammit. Why did she find that woman on prolific to talk to? Uh huh. Shit, couldn't she got matched up with somebody else?
Um I don't do a lot, I didn't even know we could do them multiple times this time. I I think you're my third and I guess my first and my third, the second one was awful that I did. It was a foreign man who would not turn on his webcam
and he
kept you did.
And mind trip asking me if I would date a younger man and he was all flirty and creepy.
Yeah.
And I and I don't think prolific paid me the whole amount
because
his webcam wasn't on.
So
I will try to schedule a couple more of these before before it's done because why not?
All right. Let me, let me write down your name. Bernice
Berniece baker,
a green pony. Okay.
I'm gonna look you up right now and see if I can find you while we're still on chant. My name is julie and my last name is Blotto and it's very weirdly spelled
I'm going to do it and if I can find you then you'll know that you'll be getting a friend request from someone named julie
Berniece baker. See all Yeah. And is it B E R N I C E
Okay. Let's try that dover. Why can't I find you?
Oh, I think I found you.
Is
it a green, is it a green uniform? Not all
that you?
so it looks like I can't send you a friend request?
You found me.
wow, you're good. Good.
Yes, that's
the job. I just quit.
I want to hear the stories now.
I
stopped.
Exactly. I stopped when I got divorced because we moved away and I lost my dumpster diver
partner and I'm pretty fat. So
the odds of me getting in the dumpster are not good.
Well I
could
probably get in, it's the getting out part that what's going to happen.
And I was trying to be um you know I tried to leave, I left with not much and you know I didn't want to clutter up my space again and all of that. So.
That sounds great.
meet you too