Oh wow. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Right. Uh huh. Okay. Oh yeah. Okay. Oh right. Oh yeah talking. Oh okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah can she jump off there? Does she fly out? Yeah Look see uh that's pretty cool looking. Is that what she rides? Uh Yeah before there's a water drop click. Oh yeah that's a no good dropper. Get on him two. Oh it's funny how they hunker down in their running. What's that thing behind her? Okay. Hi there
how are you?
I'm good
good. Getting a little cold here.
I'm Delaware.
Oh wow you've already had snow abuja
wow. Do you usually get it this early?
Mhm.
yeah we just got that but it turned cold I think The last two nights it's gotten really cold. Yeah but there for awhile just like you said we had 74, everybody was going back to the beach. Yeah
so Wisconsin that's is that cheese?
cheese heads and that what they're called? Are you one of those
Cheese. I had a friend who gave me Cheese Kurds one time. They were pretty good.
Right? I like cheese tail. So what do you do, I mean, what do you do out there in Wisconsin?
it's so depressing to see what's going on.
I know. And you know, sometimes here lately if I have sores on, like I chew my fingernails a lot.
Yeah. So if I chew it till it bleeds, then I wear my gloves when I go out because I'm just so afraid of it. Oh God, I just, it's just terrible. And then everybody was um, you know, talking about not wearing the mask and it hinders them and stuff. I don't get that
correct. Very correct. Yeah. Yeah. Well,
yeah. Well, there's so many different kinds though. I mean now they have those filtration masks and they have all kinds of stuff that you that they could try. I don't get it. I just don't get it
questions.
Good.
Right. And then they talk about the vaccine. I mean, hey, no way. We're going to have it by december. They haven't
even done clinical trials yet.
Come on.
Yes. That's another question. I mean you know when I thought the covid test was free And me and my daughter went over to like one of those Med Express places and we both got one and she had a bill for $250. So I called him up and I said look I thought these were free. So you know they went ahead and adjusted it. But I'll tell you what, you know and that's a deterrent. No. You know it just should be like those drive up ones and because those are free you drive up and you let them swab
you
and you're gone. Yeah well my mom has had cancer before so she's you know she's one of those ones you have to wear a mask around her all the time and she uh you
know she can't have any vaccines right now you know it's terrible. But ain't one thing, it's another though. Right. Uh huh.
Yes. So you have a daughter? Huh?
I have a 24 year old daughter. Yeah, she's sitting over there.
Oh really now are
you?
Go
ahead.
I know and it's like they're they were off for summer and then thrown into this, it's you know my daughter did online school and you know it was good for her but I'll tell you and some kids only have one parent and that parent can't take off of work to do that now. It's just
The
know,
so do you have any other prospects?
Right. Yeah, there. And especially with these uh they were starting to and now our numbers are backed up. Yeah. Hi
jane.
Hey, I do this kind of stuff. I have a complex regional pain syndrome and our a and a couple other things. So that's why when I go out, I mean I shoot up, get the jacket on, the gloves, on the mask on. Yeah, it's it's you get scared but
are you, what are you investing in? Mhm.
Yeah.
Oh you have?
Did you see the launch last night?
I sat here and watched it. It was like so cool. I mean they have these, they have, I don't know who designed the, the uniforms, but they're like so cool. They look like space dudes, you know, they've got their little, their boots on and it's really cool looking. But yeah, his rockets are unbelievable to watch because it's like they light up and they're gone and then the two of them come back in the land so they're reusable two of the rockets. I know I watched that to, to me it's just like unbelievable to see that happen because they just flip over and then they come down and land. Yeah, it's really interesting. He's got a lot going on. Yeah, I think that those, like, you must have got those shares when they were low, but they're like three grand, aren't they? Yeah.
Oh, that scared.
Oh yeah, I wish I had gotten amazon when it was low. Maybe that's the one I was seen was $3,000. Um So
do
you need,
so do you do it yourself? You go through a online service or?
cool. Yeah, I think um uh my ex husband as vanguard with his company. Yeah, and I, he's done really well too. Right. That's a cool thing you got behind you. That's uh that is really nice, but
it's
Oh, that's beautiful.
Oh, it is, isn't it
all
that?
Oh, that's beautiful. I'd like that. Do you get there from India or something? Because that's what it reminds me of.
I love hippie shops.
You
could get
drunk.
That
that's so cool. Uh Yeah, I used to have a pair of jeans, that was nothing but patches, you know, remember bill bottoms when you put the patches on? Yeah, man, those were the days and platform shoes. Yeah. So,
so Wisconsin
is at your home state,
Are you close to any of the lakes?
Who do you go over there in the summer?
Well yeah, Rehoboth Beach is a big one for us and I was gonna go down. But I mean, so while the world down there, right?
Yeah. See my daughter and I used to go down after the holiday wasn't labor day, but it seems like everybody is thinking the same thing here because you know, we had those warm days. It was like everybody was headed to the beach, taking the day off and gone. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Where have you thought about where you're going or
for? Those two are very different. Yeah,
I just watched this show about towels, new Mexico and all the artwork they have out there. That's cool.
I'm with you man, I'm with you.
To, Well boy,
you could learn a lot about somebody in two weeks, Right.
Well that is like so four.
That's so cool. Well, congratulations.
I like the two weeks, second day thing. That was cool.
David, I I haven't dated in a while. Um I think my last, it was like two years ago, but it just turned out to be really bad. So that soured me for a while and I was thinking about getting, so you went into a group on facebook? Huh? That's interesting. I got on P. O. F. That plenty of fish, but some of the some of the guys I'm telling you, I don't know, neither send your naked pictures that you really don't want to look at or they that's my daughter
or they do the bathroom pick you know what I mean, man? But you know they're in the bathroom they're looking in the mirror puffing up, stop it. Uh you got a thrill out of that one. Did you marry? Yeah.
Yeah it is it's very ridiculous. I just you know and here since the covid is back up you know that I backed off from that again and it's I can't get get going with dating again until all this is done.
that's when it hits you. Yeah.
Ha ha ha
come
see. That's what
I,
that's wonderful
and that's good to hear to that that's still going on you know? Yeah that's what I've been thinking. I told my daughter we're gonna go to the S. P. C. A. And look at dogs. And at first I thought I didn't want a little dog but then I thought well I'm going to end up as an old lady with a cat in a and a stroller and a dog and my carry on purse, that's my catch. Really old. And she'd have to be in her stroller. Uh
Yeah. Take him down to the beach. It's too funny. You know, I was thinking about something at the beach, like, you know, I have a lot of friends that go down there and I could just cheer him now burger with Bernice. What do when she's picking up today? You know what I mean?
Like I can't pass some stuff up, you know, like if there's a socket in the road and nobody's going to claim and it's mine and I put it in my toolbox, you know, You never know. But I haven't become one of those orders. That's a good time.
reach
him.
Thank
you.
Away.
Oh yeah yeah yeah. Air fryer. Right.
You
well
you
Mhm. Day well
you know the ones the trash cans out at the mall are mall are they're in a uh in like uh fenced in area so that would make it pretty hard. Oh.
Gotcha. I'm gonna try that now. Did you feel really early in the morning or
actually?
I have to do that now. You have beat my entrance. Uh huh.
that's so funny. Uh.
You know what happens if you re sell it? Yeah
if you re sell it I guess it's all right. Right.
Uh huh. Oh no no no I'm sorry my phone was she was checking on my phone by the way? My name is Bernice.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Well that you're so easy to talk to. I tell you, I just love the dumpster done. You know, I got to do that now. I'm looking at my daughter here, I'll lift you in. Okay. She
said,
uh, well, this is the best talk I've had about two other ones, but this is the best. Do you do a lot of these?
I had
him
Yes. And he sounded like you said he was from Sierra Leone and I was like, oh my God, that's on the Ivory Coast over there and
then you have to take a shower. I know he was bad. I remember him and he kind of came up one time saying that he had a business and he wanted, you know, due to try out the stuff. And what was my address? I was like, no, I'm okay. I don't want to do that, man. That is creepy. Uh
huh.
Probably
present.
Yeah. Well, see that's not fair ever. That's a bunch of crap Ola. I don't I don't like that. Mhm. Yeah, I tell
you what
Right, Right, well look at look me up on facebook. I have a little green pony.
It's B. E. R. N. I. C. E. Last name is baker
and it's a little green pony animated. My daughter drew it.
I have and I have a horse on my main page. It's all tattooed up. I love horses. I really love them.
Lato. Hi. Well you you go ahead and do that and all. Yeah.
Gotcha. I'm
Yes I am. You can uh put dover Delaware in there too and it'll pop right up.
I don't know. Hey mary Hammond my phone please. I think she's gonna do that. Hold on a
little
green.
that's me.
It's me. Let's see. Okay. Yeah.
No I had a friend I just added you sent you a request.
I found you right off the bat. B. L. O. E. D. O. W. Used to be and then you have more and parentheses. Yeah I got you. Well
That was a flute man. So you used to work at the department of corrections? Uh uh
And
our way fracture waving chair. Yeah. Well that's cool. See now that's this is great here because I'll have to tell you about my dumpster diving stuff. Yeah.
And yeah and then mary I'm gonna throw her in and then I'll
duck
around the back side and wait for
And
meet
it's
set
up.
I hear you yeah.
All right. I'm gonna let go in the baggage and move on. Yeah. Well listen it's well past time. That's wonderful. Hey I'm gonna fall don't forget. I just we will keep chatting.
All right. It was a pleasure to meet you. Yeah.
Bye.