Can you hear
me?
Pretty good, pretty good. I'm Matthew
good to be true.
Hey Karen, where you from?
I am in Raleigh north Carolina.
So
no, I grew up in Charlottesville Virginia actually.
Okay. Yeah, I lived in Albany new york which is upstate but still I lived there for about 10 years and then we moved to Charlottesville. So
how do
you?
I don't think so. I just have a small desk.
Yeah, my desk is just kind of small, I just have that laptop right here. Otherwise I'm
I
mean,
Oh absolutely, especially like being home. Uh I've been working from home since like mid March or so and
you
know, I
have been doing
things beforehand but now that I'm kinda, I guess you'd say nobody's watching behind me, I'm like well okay, I can do more surveys, I can do more things and you know, take an hour here there to do like a one of those in person uh usability test, stuff like that, so
some
we use yeah, we use Microsoft teams for work and I was in one and they're like all right, share your screen, and I'm like,
I
don't think I know how
I also look at it as a great way to like build up my soft skills, stuff like that. I'm an accountant by trade. So, you know, I normally hide behind my desk and uh you know, the typical accountant avoid people and I just sit here and process paperwork and stuff, so I think it's like a nice way for me to branch out.
Two,
that is like my dream job. Oh my God,
I
love
dogs.
what's your favorite talk?
those yours or are you watching some pets right now?
nice old man. It's even better when it's somebody else's dogs and you when they're there you can stick up, Okay, here's your dogs. I'm going to go, I can do my stuff.
no,
especially if you had to make that phone call, like someone's at the vet cheers.
exactly, like I promise I didn't do anything. I
fed them
exactly as you told me.
cheese matt. We've always had miniature schnauzers and
I love my
miniature schnauzers. Uh we have one right now who? She's 11 now we got her when she was four years old I think, and she was a rescued from a puppy mill. And it's interesting how the rescue place where we got her was like the house must have a woman. Um because our assumption is that at this puppy mill there's probably a guy who carried, you know, the females around and probably roughed him up or something. Then there was a female who actually wouldn't like cared for them and like them
and what not And so my parents got her and she is now 11 and she's just now starting to trust my father a little bit. Not much. Um the only time she will trust him, 100% is when she thinks she's in danger, she will walk over him, sit down and stare up at him until he picks her up. Uh But other than that she wants nothing to do with them. She walks around. You can't, she doesn't play any game, doesn't have a ball. She just kind of hangs out and she didn't even trust like jumping onto furniture until we taught her that it was okay for
a while. But
after all
these
years
of
love and she's just like, nope, don't touch me.
my
dad
says that a lot. He's like, I wonder what in the hell they did to her. So, but unfortunately he was like, you know when she does pass? He's like, I don't think we'll get another rescue dog. I hate the fact that I have
this dog that doesn't like me.
Yeah, I've been thinking about getting a puppy myself, but I travel so much for work. Um I'm like, shoot,
like,
I
can't
believe it at the home or I never know what I'm getting home. So
I hope you can stay and take care of them. Yeah.
That would be my fear. Have them come and all of a sudden second I'm going to keep this one and this one or if they ended up having a litter or something, and it's like, shoot I have to give these away, but I want to keep that on and that on and all of a sudden I keep hold off.
I'd have such a rough time.
Unless
there was one that was a real pain in the butt, and I'd be like, here.
Mhm. So how long have you been in Arizona?
That's october
That's
about
it does.
my God,
is it dry? Pretty much, like, it's just
like, do you like sweat when you walk outside, or
is it still just like, wow, it's hot, And that's also
interesting that I
also
feel
like I'm inside.
Yeah, I went to uh Disney last november, it
was veterans
Day weekend, and I was like, oh, you know, shorts and a tank top, I'll be fine, and you know, waiting in some of those lines, they're not covered. And I'm just sweating and sweating. My friend security okay. And I'm like, yeah.
But
oh my God, he's been there for two years at that point and he's used to the weather where here I am, just like sweating. And I was like embarrassed in line. Like I'm like putting my backpacking like the area that I think is like most sweaty. And I'm like, nobody look,
It was like 85. So mad. I'm like, I'm glad I didn't go during summer. Um He actually works at Disney and I thought about going down right now where him the whole covid situation, It's like you have to wear a mask, which probably makes it even hotter, but maybe there's not as long lines
and so I can get in for free but
just
check.
just
waiting in lines is the worst in the first place and then the heat and you're just like getting anxious and you just want to get on the same thing you get off.
Yeah, and I mean right now in north Carolina, it's probably like eighties or nineties most days and
you
try to go for a walk
just to get out of the house for a little bit
and
you
just
sweat. No, I'm not, probably two hours from Wilmington.
It's close enough to wear on Fridays and sunday nights. Our interstates are just packed full of people who left for the weekend and came back from Wilmington. But uh I haven't just because again I'm working so much and on travel. Um I actually was supposed to go to Wilmington right in uh april I had booked a hotel room and everything and all this crap started and I was like you know what, I'm going to cancel this while I have the chance to, I'm glad I did because they ended up not uh what I'm looking for it, they didn't uh fix their cancellation policy for another month and a half, so at least I was far enough out to where they let me cancel with no issues.
But
I love the ones that force you into answering that you were affected or something like that, it's like I wasn't affected and it's like well
tell me about what you plan to do once this is over and I'm like, it
didn't
affect
me. My yeah, like what do you want me to say? Like I bought some hair conditioner that I suddenly feel like I'm attached to like no.
that's my dream,
No. Seriously I hear they also just started the mandatory masks um I think it was also last week as well. Um they tried to like ease everything and we just started shooting up in numbers,
so they brought us back to mandatory masks, but you're kind of allowed to go and do everything,
but of
course I'm in North Carolina, so they have to go through and fight on everything, like, well the restaurants with bars
are open, but the bars aren't open and so the bars need to be open and they're like suing each other all over the place and then we've got people who refuse to wear masks who are like trying to carry around cards on if you've seen them, that's like,
I am exempt from a mask and it's like, no, you're not like
you made this up this section that you're talking about right here in the loco doesn't exist. Um and uh north Carolina is a very interesting place just to watch the left and the right fight with each other, depending on what area you're in. And God, they just
don't
give each other a break. Just
exactly. Like can't you guys just be rational. I think
it's been very interesting. Of course that's a invoked trump and anything. But just to watch how polarized people were and when he came into power, it was even more polarizing. And then truly, I
feel like Covid
plus the Black Lives Matter movement has really just
no matter who you come in contact with their just
like I
am on this side or this side. And I'm like, but if you took the chance to really consider the other side, you would understand why they're so far to the left because they're like, nobody's listening. So I'm doing more bizarre shit. So I'm just a I also stopped watching the news because it's just not worth it at this point. Like, what else could they tell me about, coded that they didn't tell me before? Besides here comes the vaccine. Um And the rest of it is, I'm gonna say scare tactics, but
it's probably just in an effort to keep people whether it's Fox news or CNN or whatever you're watching, just an effort to keep your eyes on the screen with
almost
like click bait.
I mean, there's just so many factors going into each person's health. What's funny is that I have diabetes? So, I'm on that. Like, what's it called? The restricted list, The highly affected or whatever list. And I'm like, man, like if I get it, oh shit, I probably did something stupid. But also like if I get it and I die, like it's been a great life, I have no regrets, I have no issues with that, like meanwhile
my mother likes to call all the time and be like, are you don't leave the house and I'm like relax, like it's not like a monster out there that's chasing people and it's not like in the air in the sense of like if I go for a walk, it's not like swirling around me like
the
grim
reaper, like it's ok, but you're on the list. I'm like
how?
it's
just being sprinkled down from the heavens and
that's like, no, I'm not, things are okay
and
if
Yeah, but you can sit outside really? Are you sure they just started letting people
here
eat inside and it's interesting to see how nobody is eating inside anywhere. They are all sitting outside. Um Or if you do go inside, there's a very few people there. Um It's just a, I feel like people are still trying to learn what's going on and they just take whatever they learned
in the first like couple of days and that's what
that's that's what's happening. And it's like no it's it's evolving like
we have since learned that the masks aren't protecting you, it's protecting others from spreading it and then other stuff and people just never gonna believe what they want to believe.
Yeah exactly. Or if it's on my arm and I don't wash all the way up my arm and my, you can only do so much like how they say like an apple a day, keeps the doctor away or like brush your teeth twice a day. And it's like if you followed every single one of those little which or whatever you'd
be sitting there all day trying to do all this crab
they
can
choose.
my God we
have a fake one if you'd like.
Yeah. Uh There have been a lot here in north Carolina. Um Well charlotte is huge Raleigh interestingly enough. I would have not thought that Raleigh would have had them. They kind of destroyed our this one main road
on downtown where they went through and they bashed in all the windows. Um The first day that weekend that it happened we were watching on tv and I'm just sitting there like man I drive past that all the time and it's like oh crap they're attacking that brand new. Uh There was like a Gamestop that they had broken into a CVS and they were trying to catch it on fire and um another city below us, Fayetteville. Um They were trying to burn down apparently they were actually employees inside the building at one point they were trying to burn it down. It was known for being like the central area of the city where they sold slaves. So
they were trying to burn it down. Um and then we have Durham which is right next to Raleigh I mean it's within 10:15 minutes where there were a lot of demonstrations. Um It was just so bizarre to think like oh this is like right next door and I know all those buildings
and um I haven't gone course, I've just been in the house for 2.5 3.5 months now but I haven't gone down there but just watching it get destroyed it's just wild to think about. Um it's just truly wild. Um So yeah, a lot of those surveys are asking like, have you been affected, are you doing this? And I'm like, honestly I'm not trying
to get
involved
in this
stuff. Like, yeah, I'm like,
I value my
life
and like even going out there during the day when it's like supposedly peaceful and all that and it seems to be peaceful during the day, but at some point it turns and have you left before then and I'm like, you know, I can support from afar and not put myself in danger, especially with Covid and hey, did somebody not wearing a mask it near me or
just?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I happen to agree that it's wild. I don't even know how to
say
like,
I guess I should just probably being in the house for so long
and
just
having nothing to do has all of a sudden turned into on board and I have free time. Um And
it's not that I don't support them, but it's like right now is a kind of a great time to do that because they can do it every single day um and it's just non stop and the
news is
constantly reporting on it and you're like, oh my God,
I
just
Oh yeah, even just waiting in line at the grocery store and how you have to be six ft apart, people being like,
can I get through? And it's like well I'm standing on the thing that literally says, I'm supposed to stand here, like I get you're trying to get through, did you just say, pardon me? Damn.
or
I
am.
What are they going to change it to
the owner's suite?
It's probably get one of those weird french names that HDTV oh is used here is the on suite
and
you're
like
what
the hell
is that?
the bonus
room makes it sound like you gambled that you wanted or something and they just kind of slammed it on top of your house or what? Oh
yeah so yeah I was gonna say what other sites do you use over? Um like
survey
type things?
the
I did one I want to say it was about three months ago.
It was a girl from pennsylvania.
Did she have a mask on? And she was asian?
Okay I was
gonna say man they're just picking one person to go through
and
talk
to each person.
Uh um but she was from pennsylvania, she was a student Um
Remember she was like medical or something? Um And I talked with her and I remember that was like the first one I did and I was like what am I doing? Like is this is this really what I want to be doing? Like whatever. I thought to myself like well you know what, I'm kind of doing this on company time, so like it's like I'm getting paid like extra salary so why not? Like my work could always say like hey talk to this random person in Seattle and I have to talk to a random stranger in Seattle about stuff so whatever, I'll give it a try. Um But
I've also um being an accountant, I always like the like one on one user testing ones where it's like hey we've got a new payroll system, you know, tell us what you like and what you don't like or we're making an app or something like that. I've done a couple of those. Um That was pretty cool and then um I also use that to me.
Yes, so that one I find isn't as high pain, but it kicks you out of a lot of stuff, but I actually got a free, It actually was worth like $50. Um I was testing a electric toothbrush. Um Yeah, so I was sitting there like that will never show up in the mail and two weeks later here is this electric toothbrush and it was like, hey, brush it and you know, do a survey, do another one in two weeks and do another one another two weeks. And uh so that's that's your kind of the main ones that I've been using.
Yeah. It just depends I find because like I usually look at it like how much am I getting paid per minute or whatever? Um I always find that QB either has like here's a one minute survey and it's worth 14 cents or they have like hey here's a 15 minute one worth like a dollar and 60 or something. Um But you do get kicked out of some, they do kind of like compensate you every once in a while. But um I mean I thought there's some in the middle that is like Give us 15 minutes and we'll give you 50 cents and I'm like no.
Yeah I just uh not worth it to me.
So I usually just try to pick and choose which ones I do, but you just used swag bucks and prolific.
Yeah. Yeah I'm just like you know it's nice to have the extra money and to be able to like by like I just actually bought the laptop that I'm on. I have been using my work laptop and I probably shouldn't be using my work laptop for this stuff. Um So I bought this laptop with the money that I had made so far. Um So it's kind of nice to have that extra cash and not pull out of savings or something like that. Um uh Every penny helps but at the same time I'm not going to do a 15 minute one for a penny. You know
it's gonna
be worth my time.
Are you kidding
me?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's what I like about prolific is pretty much I can choose the ones that I want and every once in a while I'll get one that I'm just like this doesn't seem like it's worth it. Like
okay it's five bucks, but it's 45 minutes and oh my God, you want me to think. Okay,
I don't want to think that hard. Like if I've got to do this crazy monotonous survey or something like that, I'm just all right, I'm five minutes through and I've had enough.
At least they're
interesting.
You know, I like the ones that are like, here's an ad, listen to this and then like tell me about it and then they're like, now listen to it again, okay, And then I ask another question now listen to it again. It's like, is this ad for me or?
Leave me the hell alone. Oh,
man. Well, I think we're at time, Karen, I think. Right.
It says
I
think
we start exactly at six. Right,
All right, well
it's Matthew.
Yeah nice to meet you as well. And uh I guess good luck. And uh happy surveys.
I
think if we close out of this it will automatically close it out and then there's a survey that we were supposed to leave open. Um And then you're supposed to fill that out. Let me read what this says. Yeah okay. So if you have that extra tab open they now have a blue
um arrow that you can click
on.
click the blue arrow and see what it says here.
How interesting
it.
Of course. Yeah.
We'll take care of this. Great meeting you.
You too.