Yeah. Okay. Yeah. For sure. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. What happened? Okay. No. Okay. Yes. Mhm. See. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Thank you. Questions. Yeah. Straight. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Come on. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think community? Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. Treatment. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you for your professional. Help me. Sure. I think the question find my brother because I wanted to make Oh, yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Got it connection. Mhm. Okay. Mm hmm. Yeah. You want to get pregnant? I can tell you that I haven't had the money. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Sure. Mhm. You got the shot. Okay. That's looking back. That's a good question. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. I don't remember. Come on. Mm.
Hey,
how are you?
Karen,
nice to meet you.
Arizona. And you
are you from there
originally?
Oh, I'm from busy. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Is my face
is
most of the camera is yours? Yeah.
Okay. Because I would hate for my face to be.
Don't you love these prolific survey? It's an easy way
to
make it. Right.
We've
been
working
on.
I did
want I did one yesterday with Zoom and I've never used that before. I was so nervous, but it was pretty easy. I had no idea how to use it. It's in Mazara.
Yeah, I know
it's
it's hard because you have to find the video thing on there and then find the audio. And a friend told me to make sure you're muted. I'm like, well, I don't even know what that where that is. Yeah. Yeah. Normally this kind of thing scares me to death, but, you know, for $14. Uh you gotta face your fears, right? Yeah.
I'm similar. I don't really talk to people ever. So this is nerve wracking. I'm a pet sitter, so I just take care of dogs and I'm just alone
with the dogs most of the time
I've
been doing
it for
21 years. Mhm,
Well, I'm partial to the french bulldog. There's four of them in the other room, building up strength.
It's a complicated story. I'm living with someone and I'm caring for her dogs because she goes away a lot. So I came here, I basically came from florida to do a pet sitting job some more, definitely. Let's hope. Okay.
It's a little nerve wracking though. Just I'm a nervous person by nature. So when I have to worry about them all the time, like I'm just always because two of them have a chronic illness, so I'm always so always
just like, are you okay? You feeling
At least, I mean it sounds terrible, but if they're your own dogs when they get sick, you can just be like, well, I mean it's my problem, but if it's somebody else, it's like you did what?
You feel
them.
I did actually still coffee beans all over the floor the other day. I'm like, oh no, they're all going to die. Things always.
those are
Why?
All
Isn't
it amazing how they can be traumatized and she was just a little wee baby and connected her that much. It's crazy. Makes
you
move,
your
else
makes you wonder about humans and what happens to us from one.
The
fact.
It's
true
when
you need a
pet
similar
have to hire a but center. Mhm.
My roommate who had those are her dogs, she actually fosters brunch bulldogs. 12 of them I think are a result of fostering that she just decided to keep them.
Yeah, I know. I couldn't do it because I couldn't give him away. Yeah,
but
she's
Oh, she has a nasty ones and they have to get along with the others in the house. So
Um I was gonna sing out very long because it feels like five minutes since after over um
or
five
minutes. It feels like, yeah, I've
now found out what it's like to be here in the summer. The summers I keep hearing about that are so scary. So yeah, it's been 110° and it's okay.
Sorry.
It's exactly what I thought. It would be like a dry sauna. That's exactly what it feels like turned up a little too high. Whereas
what?
like,
not
like,
not
like where I just came from, florida was like a wet steam room all the time. Just wedding all day every day here. It's a little, you struggled to sweat here a little bit more. Yeah.
Good
girl.
You know,
you have.
You know what the temperature was? Was it unusually hot then?
I can't imagine.
Imagine I
was wearing a mask at old navy the other day and I was ready to lose my mind. Can you imagine waiting on line for theme park rides? I would
I think I'd commit a murder. There's no way. No, thank
you.
Mhm. Actually, I don't think, I feel it's not that much hotter in the summer in Florida because it only goes up to maybe 88, which is not much more than you have. It's just that the sun is so much hotter in the summer. It's something about. Not really the temperature.
just like
that.
Are
you near
the
beach
at all?
I know.
I
feel every survey on this site is how is if Covid affected you? I want to know.
What
I'm
already doing
it.
Yeah, it's really because I've been a little bit smug with the surveys because this really hasn't affected me much. Like I don't like to go out a lot anyway, so I just go to the grocery store once a week. They've only instituted the must wear mask policy this past week. So prior to we didn't even have to wear them because this is like a rural area, so there's not many people um it's near Scottsdale, but it's like a little farm town, so there's hardly anybody out there. I could, I could walk for about a mile and not even see a person so, but this hasn't
this just hasn't affected us like it has everyone else. Every time I take a like how traumatized are you, how much do you want to try crack or cocaine? I'm not affected it really?
Haired
I don't
know
It's the
No.
That,
The
country.
I won't watch the news and I try to stay away from twitter and facebook because I can't both of the radical sides of it, I want to strangle them kids, get any of it.
we're
Well,
I don't know.
Mhm.
I
know.
It is.
like when they
used
it is when they use words like death toll and spike in numbers. Like, do you know here in our area, it went from like maybe 100 deaths for like the first month or so it took, I don't know how long this has been going on. I've blocked it out, but it's taken like four months for to creep up to 1000 deaths and who knows what that's even from, you can't say definitively that their covid deaths. So yeah.
Great.
I
don't
know.
Months ago. Like when it wasn't even that scary yet. There was a woman
out there was a woman out here out here, like I said that like, you know where I am, but there's looking something there. She's riding her bicycle with a mask on and you know, it's warm out and I'm just like there's nobody you're afraid of, where are they coming from? Where the germs coming
from?
Right. And like you said with your mom, like I went to a restaurant the other day and I told my mother just like, what are you doing? What are you thinking you're gonna die?
And the real strong
thing.
It's kind of illogical like why don't we have to wear a mask while we sit and eat? Can't the germs fly in from the plate from the chef cooked it? I don't know.
everybody
got that.
All
Be careful.
Everything,
Yeah. I don't really think a piece of cloth is going to protect me from a powerful firm.
Little
and
I
could
have detected it anyway. So you know let it be. So what else can we talk about? I'm sure they want to get into arguments about things like
it's not about
you've been out there protesting but it's another question I keep getting on the surveys. Are you protesting? No?
interesting.
no.
All
My
health,
isn't
it?
Another
brick
in?
The
22 things don't make any sense to me. You're allowed to protest and crammed together. Massless. But I can't go to the grocery store without one. Like I don't understand how why don't they just stop it? Just put an end to the protest. You can't do it right now. It's not safe.
little
bit
confusing.
Yeah. No, people
are
good.
Mhm.
After
here,
I just
feel
like people are so angry these days. Like they're getting angrier by the minute about not even just right now everything people are getting pissed about.
All
was watching HD tv the other day like a home show and they were showing a master bedroom and I'm thinking I wonder if they will change the name of that
because it I mean I
don't know.
It just crossed my mind and then my mother called me and said did you hear they're going to change master? I'm like no, no,
I don't know, I keep meaning to look that up
in the main room
Oh I hate
when
they,
when they
say
what's
the bonus room, hasn't it always been a guest rooms, bare room and then there's the mud room, I'm old and we don't have mud rooms like that, It was like at this
point.
Yeah. Okay. Uh huh
you that
too.
I wanted to try to get ideas because I just stumbled across this and I feel like I found gold because this this new thing, I, I did one of these
before, did you do one of these one on one talks before?
no.
I got a girl from pennsylvania, I'm funny.
No, she wasn't asian
and
I
know, I
don't know that.
It would be funny.
Mhm.
Yeah,
I have to write that.
is it similar in the sense that the surveys aren't really survey so much like they're not they're not boring like prolific, like deadly boring like swag bucks that do also.
Right. That's pretty good. I do on swag books.
It's not,
If I had a real career, like an accountant where I had a salary, I probably wouldn't bother with 50 cents for 15 minutes either.
Hey,
and
and get disqualified all the time. That's what happens on swag bucks. Pretty much most you can even spend 45 minutes on it and then they just say, oh sorry you're not a match like oh thanks.
Well
just got everything information about me. Okay. Mhm.
Report.
Stupid.
I like the psychological ones where they ask you like in depth questions like what would you do if what's happened? Do you think mary think of this? And there was one that where I had to basically be a lawyer that was a lot of fun or B
and
you know.
I would never do this in real life, but okay. I just took a survey about that. They were like, how much do you like this ad? I'm like, I'm typing it out. I'm like, listen, I don't watch ads. I'm not going to want one either. Their annoyance that we put up with. We don't like them. Mhm.
mm.
I'm
impressed
you
remembered.
Yeah, we started on time if not a couple minutes early. Yeah
I remember my name. I can't remember yours.
I was thinking that it's nice to meet you.
I forget what we're supposed to do now but
there was
I'm
afraid
to click off of your face. I always wait hang on and say
I don't see a blue arrow. Oh
I see what
you mean. Okay I get it now this happened last time I just forgot. Okay thank you for your help
correct?
You have to have a great evening. Thanks
bye.