SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: oh
SPEAKER_L: Hello how are you?
SPEAKER_R: hey, give me a second
SPEAKER_L: No problem.
SPEAKER_R: for some strange reason why laptop? What times do not work fine. Uh No, no, no way.
SPEAKER_L: Oh but Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh wow.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can hear you. There we go.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Okay. Oh there you are. Okay. So yeah my name is jail.
SPEAKER_L: Hi I'm Ryan, how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: Get her into this,
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good. Where you calling in from?
SPEAKER_R: living in southern California.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I'm I'm in California to I'm near san Francisco
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah you're you're pretty far away from here. Uh
SPEAKER_L: than most of most of these uh conversations I've done. They've been on the east Coast. So you're only the second person I've got on the west coast.
SPEAKER_R: How many have you done?
SPEAKER_L: This is my 5th, the 4th in this round.
SPEAKER_R: So they're only good ones and it was with a girl that was New Jersey. Mhm. But I mean I just haven't haven't gone in the office.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah I think at the end they asked you if you want to reschedule it again. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh not because I ended up having a person before you but you couldn't really hear me or I couldn't really hear them. It was one of the reasons.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've had a bunch I've had a punch for people that show up like I've had two or three were just no one's there so they rescheduled me again that yet. But it's been good. It was like the first three. I did I got nobody. And then since then
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: I've gotten people.
SPEAKER_R: um because I mean I don't really know how reliable it is because there was I didn't end up getting an email for the one that I had before this and so I had to reschedule. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Makes sense. Yeah it's seen as well to get reliable but it's a work in progress it seems because I know like you're limited to four but there's no way like they don't track it, they just stop giving you some after four. Like they don't track like they track it but there's no way for them to like tell you how many you've done. But it's kind of weird. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I mean they're probably going to see this conversation and then actually, well maybe figure it out. But I mean, I like it because you do end up getting paid quite a bit.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah definitely. Like $15 and it's only like we took 40 minutes to work with the conversation in a survey after it's not too bad. And then
SPEAKER_R: But I mean, have you been working right now?
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah. Um Work is slow but I have been working but I'm a student mainly so it's not too big of a deal.
SPEAKER_R: So then what are you studying right now?
SPEAKER_L: I'm studying I will be semester starts on the 6th. I'm on summer break but I'm studying accounting.
SPEAKER_R: County. That sounds like a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's not for riveting but it pays the bills or it will when I graduate hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, do you like them?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I like it. I worked in an accounting office right now doing data entry at any time.
SPEAKER_R: I mean we're like data entry doesn't really sound like something that's very challenging
SPEAKER_L: No it's pretty easy but it's kind of like a pretty entry level. That's how I worked my way up but it's pretty simple.
SPEAKER_R: because it's I assume that something is very literal like entered data into like a spreadsheet or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: pretty much people send us their forms and I enter him and
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I mean you sound like office stuff like answer phones and um scan stuff in like right now since most people are working remotely people mail its stuff I'll scan it in and send it to them so all of the other people working their habits at their house. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That doesn't sound very difficult at all.
SPEAKER_L: No it's not too bad.
SPEAKER_R: Listen, what did you what do you end up? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: during winter? I agree. Um Well then ceo Susan, how many hours do you end up working a day? Because that doesn't really sound like something it takes you a long time. I do.
SPEAKER_L: I'm part time and it's mainly it's mainly a tax accounting office so like january through april I'm working like full time and then like right now I'm only working like Like I'm running like half days and I'm working like on like two or 3/2 days a week.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But I mean, didn't it didn't talk, he's an end up getting expenditure band of lows in july like
SPEAKER_L: until
SPEAKER_R: middle
SPEAKER_L: July
SPEAKER_R: Julia.
SPEAKER_L: 15. So I did end up working more this year than I normally do but like normally during normal years when there isn't a pandemic um I'm really busy those first couple of months and then it slows down really quickly so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because I mean I had somebody do my taxes this year because I ended up working for for over for half a year. So we're going to know how to do world. I mean just doing like the easy for me. Yeah. Because there's some beautiful um just putting information on pretty much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's not too bad. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: These I assume that that's the type of data entry that you end up doing or do you end up doing something different?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's pretty similar like people send us their tax forms and I'll enter it into the art software so the um tax preparers can use it. But yeah stuff like that it's kind of boring but
SPEAKER_R: We do end up using like the sort of software like for qualities or do you
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: end up using
SPEAKER_L: it's different
SPEAKER_R: software?
SPEAKER_L: it's different um it's like super heavy duty stuff so it's like I think it runs like 30K. A year for us to have that software but we
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: have so many
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: clients
SPEAKER_R: tour.
SPEAKER_L: that it works itself out.
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah, I mean it just ends up like minimizing with all your work because originally just automatically all you have to do is just any other information. And it's just I assume it's easier for you to not make any mistakes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah definitely. But yeah so my stuff mainly mechanical entering stuff the actual um prepares. They do all the brain stuff. The stuff that actually requires like knowledge and stuff but I'm not there yet but one day
SPEAKER_R: When they get there and then you'll see that it's not as riveting as it was. Yeah. But I mean it is because of my friend is also studying accounting and uh we need like that. He works for the city you know turning and he ended up getting an NHS
SPEAKER_L: That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: knew somebody that knew some of these. But I mean but it is obviously you know somebody.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's a super everything I sort of like it because at least in the area I'm at it's pretty stable it's flexible hours and it pays good um When you get when you get your degree and then I want to become a C. P. A. So after I get my degree
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: to take a test and then after that the starting pay is pretty good. So
SPEAKER_R: I mean especially in your area it's really expensive
SPEAKER_L: yeah definitely. The berry is brutal.
SPEAKER_R: because I mean sometimes I think over here it's expensive but then I end up traveling up there and it's it's pretty sensible. There is all
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: or more.
SPEAKER_L: I think California is expensive everywhere it seems because whenever
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I visit
SPEAKER_R: I mean.
SPEAKER_L: I visited like I've been to like texas and then even to Hawaii which most people say is expensive but it seems like whenever you see like for sale signs and homes it's like way lower than California and
SPEAKER_R: Well I mean texas. Yeah. I'm not sure about what
SPEAKER_L: hawaii is a little bit lower I feel. But I have been there like a while so it could be different now. Right.
SPEAKER_R: like how long when you go
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: wasn't that you went there
SPEAKER_L: a good question. I think I was It's got to be at least like six years. 6 seven years.
SPEAKER_R: and that's not for me because I mean really the only thing that I've been to has been, yeah, this is my next Californians. Uh what are you talkin cora because I did a road trip to go visit my family or in colorado also had to travel through those, speaks to go all the cholera.
SPEAKER_L: that's fun. Road trips. Nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because if you ever get a chance to go to two, it's a national park in Utah in the southeast. We just called Zion,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah I've heard
SPEAKER_R: how much
SPEAKER_L: of that.
SPEAKER_R: have you been?
SPEAKER_L: I haven't been there but I've heard I had a friend that went there and said he liked it.
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah, it's really nice because mm they have a sort of like a trolley or like a bus that takes you has different stations and it takes you two different trails and I mean there's two intro. one is called the Angel Lining which I didn't end up going, but the other one, I feel what was called. But you you walk on a very shallow river Depending on the year. So you need water shoes to be able to do the hike and the hike is about like eight miles.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Sounds fun though.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because it's a it's a river, but in between the river you have like walls, so you're just going to really show over one, it's really next.
SPEAKER_L: Did you go by yourself? Did you go with your family?
SPEAKER_R: I want my family. Oh, I went to times, both of the times I went with my family the first time that we got there, we were like, oh, we want to go see it. And then we got there and we were very underprepared. Like we didn't really have any walking. We don't really have any stress because it's very hot. To the heck there was something about you need water shoes and stick because if you don't have those things and you're not able to, well, I mean actually do it because because if you take regular shoes, I mean it's going to get really wet, but you don't really have the grip necessary because there's really a bunch of rocks. The bottom line is
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Plus I guess you'd ruin your shoes if you're always walking
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: in the water?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but I mean when you get there, there's stores that end up printing out the shoes and sticks in the interview with the walking, the pain is to be able to do that. But it's just that the times that we went was in july and that's when everybody is just out. So you just end up being um in between the french people just gets really filled up Unless you wake up at 6:00 AM to do the hike in you. Or like if you go at 10 a.m. It's already way too filled up to be able to enjoy because there's just so many people that are walking around there.
SPEAKER_L: makes
SPEAKER_R: People
SPEAKER_L: sense
SPEAKER_R: with barbies like you to start these. There's a lot of there's the campground there but you The waiting list I think it's like 2 3 years. No. Yes because I mean that's just pretty much like the only national park that I've got a chance to go to because I mean we have Joshua tree that's really close by here and then we have the Grand National Park. Sorry the Grand Canyon National Park. I'm not sure if you've been to the Redwood National Park. Is that mary?
SPEAKER_L: I have not been to um Actually no I've not been the Redwood National Park, I haven't been to a lot of national parks um Hopefully one day I'll start going to some national parks going to major but I've never been a big, I've never been to Yosemite, I've never been a big
SPEAKER_R: Yes
SPEAKER_L: national
SPEAKER_R: or no.
SPEAKER_L: park guy but I know a lot of people who have done those kind of things I like to one day like I have friends that we'll do we'll go camping at Yosemite and stuff, it sounds fun.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I'm not really a fan of campaign because I mean I really don't like it but I'll do the hiking part.
SPEAKER_L: I like having running water and electricity as well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean near the park. That song you got there, there's photos Like five minutes away from the triangle. Let me see a little, come and just go do whatever you want. But I mean, I don't really know how you're 70 years or Yes, only just from looking at the message is huge.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's right
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: nervous
SPEAKER_R: instance,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: there's bears.
SPEAKER_R: works a quarter of California.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's big.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because that I'm going to the, I forgot the name of the park is, but it's in Northern counterpoint and there were a bunch of redwoods there. I haven't gone to the Redwood National, but I mean just seeing those trees, it's just really nice because they see it's not really something that I could properly explain why do it justice because of how big it is. Cool. Uh called multinational force with the climate National voice. Yes. Just because me and my friends, we ended up going from here from
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: southern California all the way up to Canada and we drove there in less than a day. But the thing is that we went in a Prius and in the Prius there were so no
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. Full Prius
SPEAKER_R: so yeah there is somebody inside the I mean he was fond of to be in the trunk and so he got to the border and the border patrol that came before the patrol didn't really like that. We had some body in the trunk and they didn't like that. We didn't know what we were going to do when we got to Canada. So there are like you can't
SPEAKER_L: So did you go back or did you end up getting,
SPEAKER_R: my friends are really mad that we can go into Canada. So they I didn't end up driving impact but somebody just drove all the way back by himself because they were so mad. But I got really mad because I mean I wanted to go to like Seattle or Portland like those big cities that are like around and we never really think through huh didn't really want to do anything like that. But on the way back, the part where I drove was in the border between Oregon and California and there was a farce of sonia And I was like I at least want to go through there and then go down to the one and then drove through the coach and so that's what we ended up doing and we ended up seeing a bunch of nice things around it which we wouldn't have if when I've been so persistent with them.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's good, you guys kind of salvage the trip, it seems like I still had some good experiences.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but I mean have you had any role?
SPEAKER_L: I know I've done any road trips um the length of traveling I've been to, I flew into a lot of places like I've been to, I've driven to Oregon, I've flown Arizona, I've flown to Hawaii for the Tennessee, I'm gonna float in texas and then I flew to Italy once for a couple of weeks when I graduated high school, went to Italy for two weeks which is pretty cool, that was the most, that was as far as every traveled outside of,
SPEAKER_R: it was you end up being
SPEAKER_L: I went. So I started out in Rome and did a lot of like sightseeing stuff like the coliseum and the Vatican and stuff like that and then I went, we spent a couple of days in venice, which is pretty cool because they don't, it's really different because they all traveled by boat because there's no roads in venice. And then we went, I went Synchronized Terror, which is really nice beaches into some stuff. They're kind of like laid back beaches and stuff like that, swimming. And then I went, finished up in Florence, which had the best food of the trip.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I had a friend that went to Italy and told me to not bother to go around
SPEAKER_L: I agree.
SPEAKER_R: and to go to go vote for point is a lot nicer.
SPEAKER_L: all right roams like it's like if you've ever been to like new york it's like really busy, like new york and it's like, have you ever been to like san Francisco? And it's really dirty. It's kind of like that too, it's like a really busy, dirty, it's like an italian version of new york or san Francisco basically, it's super
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: busy, it's super loud. Um Everyone like he's unhappy. everyone looks unhappy all the time.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, the only reason why I would want to go to room is to watch your fucking
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. Well it's definitely
SPEAKER_R: I mean, are you into soccer?
SPEAKER_L: a little bit, I used to watch um the Premier League, I used to watch Manchester United. I haven't watched a couple of years though so I don't know where they are in their standings right now.
SPEAKER_R: okay. It's mostly because there's the there's I mean there's a classic match in Rome between Roma and lasting and so it gets really huge. That's the match I want to go mhm
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that would be cool for like day trips like that. Would you go for a day for like a soccer match just to see something and leave, but I definitely wouldn't stay there for any extended period of time. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Disease. This isn't the year or go in the room
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: do you regret going through?
SPEAKER_L: um Kind I regret spending so much time there because I was there for five days When I did everything I wanted to do in like three days so I go back in time. I would only do those three days and then leave.
SPEAKER_R: When could you have left after those three days or today? You just have looking
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: mean I could have
SPEAKER_R: up?
SPEAKER_L: what, I've already booked all the air be amazing stuff so I already knew like I would have had to get another place in between, it just kind of a hassle so I just stayed yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Because for this I've ever gone to is the capital of chile and you know,
SPEAKER_L: it's cool.
SPEAKER_R: because uh 17 hours like
SPEAKER_L: Long flight.
SPEAKER_R: dancing with the stars on at all. I did it. I've gone there quite Oh God, I don't really Oh, I mean I'm not sure if he knew the rights that were happening this past fall.
SPEAKER_L: I do not know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there in the end of october start november their rights that were going on there. And I got over that. They closed down the airport and I was there.
SPEAKER_L: You were still there,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was there.
SPEAKER_L: You get started,
SPEAKER_R: No, it's because I had I was going for a graduation and like a couple of days before I was supposed to write to open up their for it. So I was like, yeah, I got a chance to go. But the thing is that when I got there, everything was cancelled like right now in the quarantine where there's a lot of stuff that I was closed down, everything closed early like during the day. Because like that what? And so I ended up going to some of the riots and that was not fun at all. I mean, I'm not sure he went to enter the, like, the protests that were going on a couple months ago,
SPEAKER_L: no, I didn't go to him
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: but I can definitely imagine.
SPEAKER_R: getting frustrated.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, it does not look fun when I know I saw videos of like police officers find like rubber bullets and stuff or like I mean I guess it doesn't hurt you, I mean it doesn't kill
SPEAKER_R: believe.
SPEAKER_L: you, but like man, it's gotta hurt getting hit with rubber bullets or pepper spray. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The thing is that um it was a went through back then was all the stuff that a lot of the things that that the police were doing like now on the process that we're having where, I mean, they were using to go, they're using so they brought out the military to, I mean, to calm in a way, everything. But it didn't really call anything down. And then, well, they were using all four bullets and they implanted secret police in between the protests so that they would try to start violence even though uh there wasn't any violence that was going on just to get out and expertise to use the bond towards the people believe. So, I mean, that's right.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. How long were you in um how long were you there for before you could take a flight back?
SPEAKER_R: I was there like three weeks. But the good thing is that, I mean, any people there, so I didn't really have to pay for like somewhere to stay. But or I mean for food and paper. Food for the most part. But I mean sometimes, I mean they're friendly people, they don't really want you to pay for it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: not bad
SPEAKER_R: really have to worry. Yeah, But I mean you didn't really want to go out because if you went out, the chances of you getting caught by police was really hard because they were also in quarantine. Yeah. They didn't like after, sorry. Not quite historic like after a Yeah, you can really be out unless you had a really good excuse.
SPEAKER_L: Oh there was like a curfew
SPEAKER_R: Heather electricity.
SPEAKER_L: makes sense
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Because the stuff that I didn't really think was going to happen in this country and it ended up happening
SPEAKER_L: yeah definitely. It's crazy,
SPEAKER_R: this is
SPEAKER_L: it's sort of, it's almost surreal especially with a quarantine everything because you remember you always hear about this stuff happening like other countries, I never expected that I would be quarantined, there would be like a pandemic here in the United States. Never expected it, but it's almost like the new normal now we've all you see wearing masks and king Hansen a day there.
SPEAKER_R: No, I mean I personally like math,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't mind that, I'm
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: used to it
SPEAKER_R: I started to like to use my mess even after this uh pandemic is over. I'm probably doesn't use my man. Oh, but I mean I really know how bad profits were over there where you live, but over here there we actually go. Really bad. I never really saw any of the National Guardian told the protest started happening in, I saw them block off all the downtown areas and everything in downtown area was because I go there and walk my dog. And so the day before the protesters of what's happened days, like everything off what they wooden panel so people wouldn't break into the sport stuff like that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I know
SPEAKER_R: monthly.
SPEAKER_L: um around here, the only like to see I'm in, I didn't really get hit hard with the protest, it wasn't really like a big thing I know like nearby like Oakland and Richmond, there were lots of protests and there was like around here where I am a it was pretty pretty. So like there was some but nothing like there is no like looting or anything here and there was no like um the police don't really shut down protests or anything and they kind of small scale so there's nothing compared to what's going on in like Minneapolis or Oakland er other places.
SPEAKER_R: Because I have a friend that went to the one in Oakland. Yeah, and he's black and so I thought of something that was going to happen to him, but nothing ended up happening to him. But you know the point several protests but he didn't end up saying I guess too far into the night before when all the bombs started happening. What happened to I'm talking with it. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: it just sucks being inside this quarantine because I mean I have plans to to do a lot of things.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. I know the big change for me has been like online classes because I was pretty much all in person classes like the blood sugar and everything was normal and then we went to online learning and most of my professors are not fair, we're not very tech oriented so they did not understand them very well. So it was kind of lackluster like they would send us like tests and stuff but we wouldn't be able to turn them in because they would forget to give like a submission date and there's all these issues but it's I hope it'll work itself out. People will figure out how to use technology soon.
SPEAKER_R: I mean hopefully after this Mexico. Excellent. No, after but this next semester that you end up getting some teachers that maybe actually not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah definitely. You know because I'm transferring right now because I finished up at a community college and I'm going to university and the university I'm going to, they're all prepared for it already. That's one of the reasons I chose that one. Um
SPEAKER_R: Is it a heroin or public?
SPEAKER_L: It's a private, it's a nonprofit but
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay. Because he's one of the public ones that are there's one San Francisco.
SPEAKER_L: the san Francisco State, there's Sonoma State. I'm going to Golden Gate. Golden Gate University is the one I'm going to. It's a private nonprofit. It's in san Francisco. It's sort of near san Francisco state. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I wanted to go to cinema but I didn't end up pointing. I didn't end up getting into cinema. Well actually the one I wanted to go to the Chico place then that and I remember from
SPEAKER_L: Cinema
SPEAKER_R: the chicken.
SPEAKER_L: is very like so like the very it's very small. It's kind of it's one of the hardest sus they
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: don't know what
SPEAKER_L: the fewest amount of people.
SPEAKER_R: is because I mean uh my council just like didn't really give me the information, I didn't really know what to do. I was just applied everywhere. I just hope that somebody accepted me.
SPEAKER_L: Did you end up going somewhere else?
SPEAKER_R: I know. Just ended up going to the community culture.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, that's what I did for the
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: first
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: two years. It's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: That's a lot cheaper and cheaper.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Right.
SPEAKER_R: especially over there I mean but like I said it's very expensive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. Okay. Well it was nice talking to you were at I think we're at we're past a 25 minute mark. Yeah, it's nice meeting you. Uh We have a good rest your day. Stay safe,
SPEAKER_R: You can take