Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello how are you?
No problem.
Oh but Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh wow.
Yeah I can hear you. There we go.
Hi I'm Ryan, how's it going?
Pretty good. Where you calling in from?
Oh I'm I'm in California to I'm near san Francisco
than most of most of these uh conversations I've done. They've been on the east Coast. So you're only the second person I've got on the west coast.
This is my 5th, the 4th in this round.
Okay. Yeah I think at the end they asked you if you want to reschedule it again. Um Yeah.
Yeah I've had a bunch I've had a punch for people that show up like I've had two or three were just no one's there so they rescheduled me again that yet. But it's been good. It was like the first three. I did I got nobody. And then since then
I've gotten people.
Makes sense. Yeah it's seen as well to get reliable but it's a work in progress it seems because I know like you're limited to four but there's no way like they don't track it, they just stop giving you some after four. Like they don't track like they track it but there's no way for them to like tell you how many you've done. But it's kind of weird. Mhm.
Yeah definitely. Like $15 and it's only like we took 40 minutes to work with the conversation in a survey after it's not too bad. And then
uh yeah. Um Work is slow but I have been working but I'm a student mainly so it's not too big of a deal.
I'm studying I will be semester starts on the 6th. I'm on summer break but I'm studying accounting.
Yeah it's not for riveting but it pays the bills or it will when I graduate hopefully.
Yeah I like it. I worked in an accounting office right now doing data entry at any time.
No it's pretty easy but it's kind of like a pretty entry level. That's how I worked my way up but it's pretty simple.
pretty much people send us their forms and I enter him and
yeah I mean you sound like office stuff like answer phones and um scan stuff in like right now since most people are working remotely people mail its stuff I'll scan it in and send it to them so all of the other people working their habits at their house. Yeah.
No it's not too bad.
Mhm.
I'm part time and it's mainly it's mainly a tax accounting office so like january through april I'm working like full time and then like right now I'm only working like Like I'm running like half days and I'm working like on like two or 3/2 days a week.
until
July
15. So I did end up working more this year than I normally do but like normally during normal years when there isn't a pandemic um I'm really busy those first couple of months and then it slows down really quickly so.
Yeah it's not too bad. Mhm.
Yeah it's pretty similar like people send us their tax forms and I'll enter it into the art software so the um tax preparers can use it. But yeah stuff like that it's kind of boring but
no
it's different
it's different um it's like super heavy duty stuff so it's like I think it runs like 30K. A year for us to have that software but we
have so many
clients
that it works itself out.
Yeah definitely. But yeah so my stuff mainly mechanical entering stuff the actual um prepares. They do all the brain stuff. The stuff that actually requires like knowledge and stuff but I'm not there yet but one day
That's cool.
Yeah it's a super everything I sort of like it because at least in the area I'm at it's pretty stable it's flexible hours and it pays good um When you get when you get your degree and then I want to become a C. P. A. So after I get my degree
had
to take a test and then after that the starting pay is pretty good. So
yeah definitely. The berry is brutal.
I think
I think California is expensive everywhere it seems because whenever
I visit
I visited like I've been to like texas and then even to Hawaii which most people say is expensive but it seems like whenever you see like for sale signs and homes it's like way lower than California and
hawaii is a little bit lower I feel. But I have been there like a while so it could be different now. Right.
It's
a good question. I think I was It's got to be at least like six years. 6 seven years.
that's fun. Road trips. Nice.
Okay. Yeah I've heard
of that.
I haven't been there but I've heard I had a friend that went there and said he liked it.
Okay. Sounds fun though.
Did you go by yourself? Did you go with your family?
Yeah. Plus I guess you'd ruin your shoes if you're always walking
in the water?
makes
sense
I have not been to um Actually no I've not been the Redwood National Park, I haven't been to a lot of national parks um Hopefully one day I'll start going to some national parks going to major but I've never been a big, I've never been to Yosemite, I've never been a big
national
park guy but I know a lot of people who have done those kind of things I like to one day like I have friends that we'll do we'll go camping at Yosemite and stuff, it sounds fun.
I like having running water and electricity as well.
yeah that's right
nervous
and
there's bears.
Yeah it's big.
And
Oh wow. Full Prius
So did you go back or did you end up getting,
Well that's good, you guys kind of salvage the trip, it seems like I still had some good experiences.
I know I've done any road trips um the length of traveling I've been to, I flew into a lot of places like I've been to, I've driven to Oregon, I've flown Arizona, I've flown to Hawaii for the Tennessee, I'm gonna float in texas and then I flew to Italy once for a couple of weeks when I graduated high school, went to Italy for two weeks which is pretty cool, that was the most, that was as far as every traveled outside of,
I went. So I started out in Rome and did a lot of like sightseeing stuff like the coliseum and the Vatican and stuff like that and then I went, we spent a couple of days in venice, which is pretty cool because they don't, it's really different because they all traveled by boat because there's no roads in venice. And then we went, I went Synchronized Terror, which is really nice beaches into some stuff. They're kind of like laid back beaches and stuff like that, swimming. And then I went, finished up in Florence, which had the best food of the trip.
I agree.
all right roams like it's like if you've ever been to like new york it's like really busy, like new york and it's like, have you ever been to like san Francisco? And it's really dirty. It's kind of like that too, it's like a really busy, dirty, it's like an italian version of new york or san Francisco basically, it's super
busy, it's super loud. Um Everyone like he's unhappy. everyone looks unhappy all the time.
That's cool. Well it's definitely
a little bit, I used to watch um the Premier League, I used to watch Manchester United. I haven't watched a couple of years though so I don't know where they are in their standings right now.
yeah, that would be cool for like day trips like that. Would you go for a day for like a soccer match just to see something and leave, but I definitely wouldn't stay there for any extended period of time. Mhm.
What
um Kind I regret spending so much time there because I was there for five days When I did everything I wanted to do in like three days so I go back in time. I would only do those three days and then leave.
I
mean I could have
what, I've already booked all the air be amazing stuff so I already knew like I would have had to get another place in between, it just kind of a hassle so I just stayed yeah.
it's cool.
Long flight.
I do not know.
You were still there,
You get started,
no, I didn't go to him
but I can definitely imagine.
Oh yeah, it does not look fun when I know I saw videos of like police officers find like rubber bullets and stuff or like I mean I guess it doesn't hurt you, I mean it doesn't kill
you, but like man, it's gotta hurt getting hit with rubber bullets or pepper spray. Yeah.
definitely. How long were you in um how long were you there for before you could take a flight back?
Okay
yeah that's
not bad
Oh there was like a curfew
makes sense
yeah definitely. It's crazy,
it's sort of, it's almost surreal especially with a quarantine everything because you remember you always hear about this stuff happening like other countries, I never expected that I would be quarantined, there would be like a pandemic here in the United States. Never expected it, but it's almost like the new normal now we've all you see wearing masks and king Hansen a day there.
Yeah, I don't mind that, I'm
used to it
Yeah I know
um around here, the only like to see I'm in, I didn't really get hit hard with the protest, it wasn't really like a big thing I know like nearby like Oakland and Richmond, there were lots of protests and there was like around here where I am a it was pretty pretty. So like there was some but nothing like there is no like looting or anything here and there was no like um the police don't really shut down protests or anything and they kind of small scale so there's nothing compared to what's going on in like Minneapolis or Oakland er other places.
All
Mhm. Yeah. I know the big change for me has been like online classes because I was pretty much all in person classes like the blood sugar and everything was normal and then we went to online learning and most of my professors are not fair, we're not very tech oriented so they did not understand them very well. So it was kind of lackluster like they would send us like tests and stuff but we wouldn't be able to turn them in because they would forget to give like a submission date and there's all these issues but it's I hope it'll work itself out. People will figure out how to use technology soon.
Yeah definitely. You know because I'm transferring right now because I finished up at a community college and I'm going to university and the university I'm going to, they're all prepared for it already. That's one of the reasons I chose that one. Um
It's a private, it's a nonprofit but
the san Francisco State, there's Sonoma State. I'm going to Golden Gate. Golden Gate University is the one I'm going to. It's a private nonprofit. It's in san Francisco. It's sort of near san Francisco state. Yeah.
Cinema
is very like so like the very it's very small. It's kind of it's one of the hardest sus they
have
the fewest amount of people.
Did you end up going somewhere else?
Okay. Yeah, that's what I did for the
first
two years. It's pretty cool.
definitely. Right.
Yeah, definitely. Okay. Well it was nice talking to you were at I think we're at we're past a 25 minute mark. Yeah, it's nice meeting you. Uh We have a good rest your day. Stay safe,