oh
hey, give me a second
for some strange reason why laptop? What times do not work fine. Uh No, no, no way.
Can you hear me?
yeah. Okay. Oh there you are. Okay. So yeah my name is jail.
Get her into this,
living in southern California.
Oh yeah you're you're pretty far away from here. Uh
How many have you done?
So they're only good ones and it was with a girl that was New Jersey. Mhm. But I mean I just haven't haven't gone in the office.
Oh not because I ended up having a person before you but you couldn't really hear me or I couldn't really hear them. It was one of the reasons.
No
um because I mean I don't really know how reliable it is because there was I didn't end up getting an email for the one that I had before this and so I had to reschedule. Yeah.
I mean they're probably going to see this conversation and then actually, well maybe figure it out. But I mean, I like it because you do end up getting paid quite a bit.
But I mean, have you been working right now?
So then what are you studying right now?
County. That sounds like a lot of fun.
I mean, do you like them?
I mean we're like data entry doesn't really sound like something that's very challenging
because it's I assume that something is very literal like entered data into like a spreadsheet or something like that.
Nothing.
That doesn't sound very difficult at all.
Listen, what did you what do you end up? Yeah,
during winter? I agree. Um Well then ceo Susan, how many hours do you end up working a day? Because that doesn't really sound like something it takes you a long time. I do.
Yeah. But I mean, didn't it didn't talk, he's an end up getting expenditure band of lows in july like
middle
Julia.
Yeah. Because I mean I had somebody do my taxes this year because I ended up working for for over for half a year. So we're going to know how to do world. I mean just doing like the easy for me. Yeah. Because there's some beautiful um just putting information on pretty much.
These I assume that that's the type of data entry that you end up doing or do you end up doing something different?
We do end up using like the sort of software like for qualities or do you
end up using
software?
that's
the
tour.
Well, yeah, I mean it just ends up like minimizing with all your work because originally just automatically all you have to do is just any other information. And it's just I assume it's easier for you to not make any mistakes.
When they get there and then you'll see that it's not as riveting as it was. Yeah. But I mean it is because of my friend is also studying accounting and uh we need like that. He works for the city you know turning and he ended up getting an NHS
knew somebody that knew some of these. But I mean but it is obviously you know somebody.
it
was
I mean especially in your area it's really expensive
because I mean sometimes I think over here it's expensive but then I end up traveling up there and it's it's pretty sensible. There is all
or more.
But
I mean.
Well I mean texas. Yeah. I'm not sure about what
like how long when you go
wasn't that you went there
and that's not for me because I mean really the only thing that I've been to has been, yeah, this is my next Californians. Uh what are you talkin cora because I did a road trip to go visit my family or in colorado also had to travel through those, speaks to go all the cholera.
Yeah because if you ever get a chance to go to two, it's a national park in Utah in the southeast. We just called Zion,
how much
have you been?
What? Yeah, it's really nice because mm they have a sort of like a trolley or like a bus that takes you has different stations and it takes you two different trails and I mean there's two intro. one is called the Angel Lining which I didn't end up going, but the other one, I feel what was called. But you you walk on a very shallow river Depending on the year. So you need water shoes to be able to do the hike and the hike is about like eight miles.
Yeah, because it's a it's a river, but in between the river you have like walls, so you're just going to really show over one, it's really next.
I want my family. Oh, I went to times, both of the times I went with my family the first time that we got there, we were like, oh, we want to go see it. And then we got there and we were very underprepared. Like we didn't really have any walking. We don't really have any stress because it's very hot. To the heck there was something about you need water shoes and stick because if you don't have those things and you're not able to, well, I mean actually do it because because if you take regular shoes, I mean it's going to get really wet, but you don't really have the grip necessary because there's really a bunch of rocks. The bottom line is
more
Yeah, but I mean when you get there, there's stores that end up printing out the shoes and sticks in the interview with the walking, the pain is to be able to do that. But it's just that the times that we went was in july and that's when everybody is just out. So you just end up being um in between the french people just gets really filled up Unless you wake up at 6:00 AM to do the hike in you. Or like if you go at 10 a.m. It's already way too filled up to be able to enjoy because there's just so many people that are walking around there.
People
with barbies like you to start these. There's a lot of there's the campground there but you The waiting list I think it's like 2 3 years. No. Yes because I mean that's just pretty much like the only national park that I've got a chance to go to because I mean we have Joshua tree that's really close by here and then we have the Grand National Park. Sorry the Grand Canyon National Park. I'm not sure if you've been to the Redwood National Park. Is that mary?
Yes
or no.
I mean I'm not really a fan of campaign because I mean I really don't like it but I'll do the hiking part.
Yeah I mean near the park. That song you got there, there's photos Like five minutes away from the triangle. Let me see a little, come and just go do whatever you want. But I mean, I don't really know how you're 70 years or Yes, only just from looking at the message is huge.
For
instance,
it
works a quarter of California.
Yeah, because that I'm going to the, I forgot the name of the park is, but it's in Northern counterpoint and there were a bunch of redwoods there. I haven't gone to the Redwood National, but I mean just seeing those trees, it's just really nice because they see it's not really something that I could properly explain why do it justice because of how big it is. Cool. Uh called multinational force with the climate National voice. Yes. Just because me and my friends, we ended up going from here from
southern California all the way up to Canada and we drove there in less than a day. But the thing is that we went in a Prius and in the Prius there were so no
so yeah there is somebody inside the I mean he was fond of to be in the trunk and so he got to the border and the border patrol that came before the patrol didn't really like that. We had some body in the trunk and they didn't like that. We didn't know what we were going to do when we got to Canada. So there are like you can't
my friends are really mad that we can go into Canada. So they I didn't end up driving impact but somebody just drove all the way back by himself because they were so mad. But I got really mad because I mean I wanted to go to like Seattle or Portland like those big cities that are like around and we never really think through huh didn't really want to do anything like that. But on the way back, the part where I drove was in the border between Oregon and California and there was a farce of sonia And I was like I at least want to go through there and then go down to the one and then drove through the coach and so that's what we ended up doing and we ended up seeing a bunch of nice things around it which we wouldn't have if when I've been so persistent with them.
Yeah, but I mean have you had any role?
it was you end up being
Uh huh. I had a friend that went to Italy and told me to not bother to go around
and to go to go vote for point is a lot nicer.
All
I mean, the only reason why I would want to go to room is to watch your fucking
I mean, are you into soccer?
okay. It's mostly because there's the there's I mean there's a classic match in Rome between Roma and lasting and so it gets really huge. That's the match I want to go mhm
Disease. This isn't the year or go in the room
do you regret going through?
When could you have left after those three days or today? You just have looking
something
up?
Because for this I've ever gone to is the capital of chile and you know,
because uh 17 hours like
dancing with the stars on at all. I did it. I've gone there quite Oh God, I don't really Oh, I mean I'm not sure if he knew the rights that were happening this past fall.
Yeah, there in the end of october start november their rights that were going on there. And I got over that. They closed down the airport and I was there.
Yeah, I was there.
No, it's because I had I was going for a graduation and like a couple of days before I was supposed to write to open up their for it. So I was like, yeah, I got a chance to go. But the thing is that when I got there, everything was cancelled like right now in the quarantine where there's a lot of stuff that I was closed down, everything closed early like during the day. Because like that what? And so I ended up going to some of the riots and that was not fun at all. I mean, I'm not sure he went to enter the, like, the protests that were going on a couple months ago,
but
getting frustrated.
believe.
The thing is that um it was a went through back then was all the stuff that a lot of the things that that the police were doing like now on the process that we're having where, I mean, they were using to go, they're using so they brought out the military to, I mean, to calm in a way, everything. But it didn't really call anything down. And then, well, they were using all four bullets and they implanted secret police in between the protests so that they would try to start violence even though uh there wasn't any violence that was going on just to get out and expertise to use the bond towards the people believe. So, I mean, that's right.
I was there like three weeks. But the good thing is that, I mean, any people there, so I didn't really have to pay for like somewhere to stay. But or I mean for food and paper. Food for the most part. But I mean sometimes, I mean they're friendly people, they don't really want you to pay for it. Yeah,
I
didn't
really have to worry. Yeah, But I mean you didn't really want to go out because if you went out, the chances of you getting caught by police was really hard because they were also in quarantine. Yeah. They didn't like after, sorry. Not quite historic like after a Yeah, you can really be out unless you had a really good excuse.
Heather electricity.
Mhm. Because the stuff that I didn't really think was going to happen in this country and it ended up happening
this is
No, I mean I personally like math,
like
I started to like to use my mess even after this uh pandemic is over. I'm probably doesn't use my man. Oh, but I mean I really know how bad profits were over there where you live, but over here there we actually go. Really bad. I never really saw any of the National Guardian told the protest started happening in, I saw them block off all the downtown areas and everything in downtown area was because I go there and walk my dog. And so the day before the protesters of what's happened days, like everything off what they wooden panel so people wouldn't break into the sport stuff like that
monthly.
Because I have a friend that went to the one in Oakland. Yeah, and he's black and so I thought of something that was going to happen to him, but nothing ended up happening to him. But you know the point several protests but he didn't end up saying I guess too far into the night before when all the bombs started happening. What happened to I'm talking with it. But yeah,
it just sucks being inside this quarantine because I mean I have plans to to do a lot of things.
I mean hopefully after this Mexico. Excellent. No, after but this next semester that you end up getting some teachers that maybe actually not.
Is it a heroin or public?
Oh okay. Because he's one of the public ones that are there's one San Francisco.
I wanted to go to cinema but I didn't end up pointing. I didn't end up getting into cinema. Well actually the one I wanted to go to the Chico place then that and I remember from
the chicken.
I
don't know what
is because I mean uh my council just like didn't really give me the information, I didn't really know what to do. I was just applied everywhere. I just hope that somebody accepted me.
I know. Just ended up going to the community culture.
It
is.
That's a lot cheaper and cheaper.
especially over there I mean but like I said it's very expensive.
You can take