Yeah. Yeah. Oh no. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm mm. Yeah. Wait Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah, he's yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Her four? Yeah.
Can you
hear me?
I
don't know.
Well
Mhm. I'm in florida.
Number.
It's good cal
assurance.
How was yours?
Yeah, we do stay indoors but I mean right now I went I came back to school so I'm on campus and we just know we just wear masks and stuff.
Mhm. I'm a biomedical science major.
of my classes are online. Yeah, but
I have um a lab, I have to go to have physics lab, but the way I made my schedule I have Mondays and Wednesdays off
so I just have Tuesday thursday friday with classes
No
no I live I live in dorm
from
the
dorm so I just yeah it's not too bad. Mhm. Mhm.
not really. I'm going over my syllabi and my work schedule. Mhm.
I'm doing part time. I recently got hired for it. I'm just um um an I. T. Assistant like for the I. T. Team I'm just pay system okay for campus.
So yeah basically if teachers have issues like tech technical
issues that can help or get help for them.
Yeah it's money.
so
whatever.
Mhm. Yeah I made plans to watch something with my friends but like netflix party kind of style. Not necessarily enough this party but it's similar.
we're gonna there's like on the website we watch it on they have a watch party so we go to the watch party and as we're watching on the watch party we like Facetime.
Not
Um They decided like we decided to watch it but like the website decides what to have as a watch party. That makes any sense. Like we already already watched the show or we're just gonna watch it on the watch part again.
Yeah. No it's a new it's a new episode. Mhm.
forms
you
know we watch and talk as you're watching it like oh this happened Pablo blah. Yeah.
I mean it's fun. Nothing party is a little more difficult because you have to like type out your responses on your laptop. So
Yeah, I'm not surprised. Yeah, I know you just type out your comments, same thing with the watch party. That's why we Face Time so we can talk
it's easier.
Yeah, we do our own, we do the watch party on the laptop and unfazed title on
the phone.
it's fun. Something to do because hanging out isn't really easy right now.
I have no idea.
I felt so I just know that we're just all kind of like uh you know, make sure we all got negative tests and we just still social distance wear mask all that. I hope it's getting better.
Come
on.
that's
good.
Um my grandparents live in new york and my cousin and my uncle,
my
family lives there. You
know my dad's from new york, he's from queens,
Hollis quotes.
no, I'm from florida. My dad is from queens, but when he married, my mom, they moved here. So
I was
born in florida.
Yeah, that's what they moved. It was cold.
My
mom is from a country where it doesn't get cold. So
Oh well it's warm. They called assumptions state, but the weather is honestly bipolar. So
no,
basically it's like you'll think it's like really sunny, like it's going to be really sunny. It's just gonna rain all week.
Yeah, it's not always sunny. So it's rather than it being sunny, it's just very humid sticky. It's like, yeah, I would say California is probably better uh
weather wise, but oh, it
happens.
Yeah, when the rains would just stay inside. Mm
Yeah. I mean during the summer you would think it's more sunny, but that's one is like the worst.
it's okay. I mean it's just cold because I'm from Florida. So when it's like under 60, I'm like, oh, it's cold even though it's not that cold to others. But if you consider like 50 forties okay on occasion. Because like, Okay, so like in Christmas time will either be like starting to become winner, so starting to become 50s or will be really hot like 90°.. So it depends, right?
But if you will take that, then you're good for me. I'm just shivering
for
us.
It's cold for other people. It's like, oh my God, it's warm, it's good weather. I don't know what's wrong with you, and I'm like, well I'm cold, I'm
used
to 100 degree, I'm used to 90, I'm used to 80. Its second.
Yeah, it's just it's just hot.
Uh Yeah, next year I'm a junior.
No,
I don't do much. I mean I did like I was on the dance team um
and I try to join some clubs, but right now joining clubs is like,
besides, yeah, I should really do stuff. I mean I volunteered but I want to do more, but it's like it's kind of difficult now.
No, I'm actually not a beach person.
Yeah, I mean during the summer I'll go like every now and then if my friends want to, but not really going to the beach on my own.
I mean, I think I go to the mall more than I go to the beach, but I'm just like an inside prison so I'll stay home a lot.
Yeah. Netflix is there for a reason? Oh
I've been watching, I've been watching the game, I've been watching Legend Akora. I finished avatar, I watched Malaysia and then we'll recently I went to Honolulu so then I've been watching big Time rush and like living single. So
I have, you know who netflix and Disney plus
because you need variety in your life.
It's a lot and I barely use it, but hey. Oh
Mando Gloria.
Oh, you see Yeah,
yeah. Yeah, I'm there for like old Disney channel shows.
Or like the movies.
I think I've heard of it. I'm actually, you know, I'm really bad with superheroes because I'm not into those either. No, I'm like, I think the only superhero like was like, what? Like Spiderman and like Iron Man and Black Panther and then yeah, I think that was it.
Yet
I don't really like to where I was like, I don't even watch Avengers, my friends be judging me, but I'm like, I don't like it. I'm sorry. I used to like Iron Man because he's just really likable besides that.
Try
my
king. Yeah. I did
watch on cake. I was watching if I was thinking about movies because I was watching like kim possible and like just shows I was watching like raven zack and Cody was just a really plays bad stuff. But like movie wise, I did watch linking both animated and animated. I put on a latin for my mom, but I didn't even watch it and then I think I'll watch him along because I love Milan favorite princess.
live action, Milan is supposed to be coming, but you have to pay for it. So I was like,
I'm like, well already paid like, well I share the plan on my friends, we bought the yearly one. So okay, we feel like 23 ish dollars and we were like, okay, great. But now I've got to pay for Milan like dang.
I guess
it's
kind
of like paying for pay per view type thing.
mm. But yeah,
I
mean
Mhm
Reality
shows I wanted to watch uh what is that 1? Love is blind or something? Was that love is blind? I wanted to watch out but I just kept on watching videos of people watching it instead, but I started watching Terraced House but I didn't get to deepen. Yeah. Mhm.
Love
Island
maybe,
it might be Love Island, I know my friend watches that and she talks about it and they're like oh yeah they're just doing all sorts of stuff and they're just there and I'm like okay mhm.
reality shows, I think my reality show person, yeah, I think I watched
The Bachelor back when it was a big thing, I mean I feel like it's still like a thing for people, but I don't know there was a point in my life where I was like, oh the Bachelor. But anyway. Mm
but
I did watch are you the one when that was on MTV. But
yeah, I do
like,
you know, I like dramas. I do. Yeah. Yeah. Or just like, I don't know just nostalgic things like comedies. Like sitcoms, family sitcoms. Because the only other reality tv show I watch is like catfish.
hmm You don't know catfish, it's like, you know what a catfish is, right?
Not the animal, the animal. But like you know when someone catfish is you? Yeah.
So basically they use someone else's picture like maybe like a dating app or something like on
Tinder and they talk
to you for a while and you start getting feelings and then you realize that's not the person you're talking to.
That's a cat fishing. Yes. Catfishing. So basically catfish is like a person that's trying to figure out who their catfish is and the people, like the host of the show basically help them find them and are able to talk to them like the catfish er cafe. She that's
what you would call it. But yes. And this reason with half fishes.
it's
like it's not even like it's just mm how would I even
relieve?
This is just like one, It's like a new person. Each episode each, each episode, someone will send in like a letter and email saying, hey I'm being cat fished, help me and then the host will help them. And that's the show. You
watch an episode. See what happens.
This one is on Hulu. I'm
pretty sure you can see clips of it on Youtube. They have interesting hat fishes because they're funny sometimes.
I'm in shock. I guess you just never been catfish. You're lucky. Yeah.
I just, I read in a little tender every now and then I just go, uh, just when I'm born.
It's pretty common just on dating sites or apps. Um, I think it's common. I
don't know if I've ever been catfish because I never really, I never go deep in, but who knows?
No, makes sense. Yeah.
Mhm. Mm.
Well,
no, I
saw Tiktok
and I was like, this is not divine. I don't want it in my life. I don't need her. I did don't want to talk once though because it was just like, I was really bored and I was like, that's interesting. And then I deleted it.
Yeah. They either do some dance or they have like some P LVs or something or various things. It's very serious.
It depends
on how much google has given Tiktok your information and then they filter it for you. So it depends on what you get. Everyone's page is different. Mm
Yeah. It's like I g um, you don't remember vine
our musical?
Yeah. No, I could tell it's okay. I
mean vines? Really? Because I was using vine in middle school. So, but vine is basically the same thing. They're just like vine was more comedy. Tiktok is more like there's comedy, but then there is like dancing and then there's just like, you know, points of views. There's different things there. So it's more variety.
Yeah, because you don't have to dance. You could just like, you know, be good looking and just look at people on the camera and use a filter or just do some transitions and then you can get some followers, you know,
you
find out what you're good at and you'll be fine.
You don't even have to be, I mean it just depends on what you're good
at because
if you're a good dancer but ugly, it works. He works
just different parts, different parts.
I mean I'm on twitter a lot. That's just because twitter is just a great place for comedy.
Okay. Yeah. I feel like I get my news. It's like my morning newspaper. I wake up, I go on twitter. I'm like, that's nice. Whatever is happening on twitter
at least for
yeah, because I am on instagram but like I think I've just like toned down being on instagram because it's been a lot
like, I don't know how your instagram be looking like, but might be
the elderly's
the opens,
you know, I made a facebook when I was in the fifth grade. I was 10 years old because
that's when it was popular.
I stopped
using it. No, my, my parents found it and I sent him a friend request and he became my friend on facebook and then one day he said go to bed when I was on facebook late and that was interesting. But my dad still uses it, but I have deactivated mine. So,
but like no one's on it anymore except for my parents want my parent because I made my mom's facebook and she never used it
because yeah, because it's like, I don't know if you, your parents use what's up?
Yes. So me and my friend, we have this thing called WhatsApp propaganda where I don't know if this is your parents, but they'll get like, your parents will hear things from WhatsApp from either relatives or friends and then they'll say to you and you're like, that doesn't make any sense.
Call, what's that propaganda? Such as when Covid came and your parents are like, you need to drink this. You need to see this. You need to do this. You need to do this. They said the Corona will get, it would be done. Just do this. Now look at this paper. Look at I was like, oh, that is what, what's that propaganda is? And that's also on facebook. So
that's why I'm like facebook. The elderly's have that. Now
they have the bad memes on there. It's it's dry
struck.
I'm fine.
Yeah. 2nd to use your own
You two time.