mhm.
All right,
yes. Can you hear me? How are you?
I'm great.
Yeah, you're right behind the
no, it's it's actually behind the little window that shows it shows myself in the lower left and if I if I don't have you full screen that blocks out three quarters of your face.
No, you gotta, you have to go to your left.
Yeah, there it is, yeah. God. Uh huh.
Where are you from?
And
not Spokane?
No.
okay, I see kennewick and Yakima.
you get you get pretty good snow up there and stuff,
I heard like puget sound and it doesn't really get that much of a winter, It's like 50 over the winter there is that sounds, that sounds right.
hmm, wow, what was the name of the town again,
whites?
It sounds like indian names, I guess that is correct.
so
you're right on the Columbia River,
wow, look it seems nicer. So what elevation are you about, do you know?
that's not why.
Mhm looks nice. You have a lot of salmon running down there.
Oh that would be so neat. They're they're big salmon to I think artistic.
Are you allowed to snag salmon there?
yeah like you, can you catch a man snag them or? It's yeah mhm
I went to michigan when I was younger and they could, you could fish everywhere but there are certain areas you're a lot of snag and put a big trouble for chrome with a lead weight in the middle and they snack, it's pretty neat. You just keep cast into your your coin, you know?
I know in a way it seems like cheating. I often think that I'll fish bass with a plastic worm. You put a debate on, I mean it's should be able to get them easier to put a big meno on or something. Yeah mm
About
those
big
clamp, gooey ducks or something? That's a big clamp
Good,
might as well sell them, get the money Bond
Pittsburgh
pennsylvania. Well a long way from you I think.
Have you
ever been east?
I
have relatives in Saginaw and I went to ann arbor for michigan game once when I was out there
so exciting to watch live, you know?
I didn't know that. When did that? Just this year?
What's what's the uh what's the name rick did you say?
are, wow, is that an addition team or did they buy it from another city?
you guys have an arena and stuff already up there
Are.
I got a great redwing shirt when they won the Stanley cup, I think it was a 92. My uncle sent me a shirt. I still got it, I can bring and show it's really nice shirts. Red. It's a great shirt. Uh huh. That's what scotty bowman was there. They were running like crazy.
I like san Jose I I like the town I'd like to visit there sometime.
that's one of the highest in America. It's like 600 dollars for a house or something.
Well
how
bad
is it where you're at expensive wise for a house, is it all of the state or just those like uh more California? And it?
extinct look.
It's kind of mind boggling to me at Washington state. You don't think of rural like I don't know you're the way you're describing, I'm picturing like dirt roads and woods and stuff like that. Okay,
pretty amazing. And you're,
wow, that's crazy. It's just so your your highs in the summer, you're getting up to 85 or so.
Well
what about your lows you're getting at twenties or not?
Your average winner stays like in the mid thirties or something or forties or?
Yeah, I don't know why that borrows
my mind a little bit, you know?
Yeah, that's right. It's and
yeah, so I saw some game warden shows or something where they go out on patrol of bays and the rivers and the woods and stuff. That was kind of new to me. Just I don't know why, I just don't picture it, you know, for Washington state like that. Strange. But uh bring it over here, you you'll get down to the mostly like in the winners of twenties and it goes up to mid eighties. We've had a lot of nineties this summer, we're right all summer is fried. Well what?
Yeah yeah that's pretty neat. Do you hunt and stuff around there you know?
wild berries
it sounds good. Isn't knots berry farm out there somewhere?
Northern California
is it? Wow.
I think they have some kind of special store restaurant don't they? Somewhere down there,
they grow everything in California don't they?
That that eastern I I understand that there's uh isn't there some kind of a desert or high desert area like between Spokane and to the west something And so that that agricultural area probably be wouldn't be there obviously. Right.
So
Canada
is pretty far away and Oregon's right across the river. Right.
you
spend a lot of time, they're not really
you have worked,
Yeah. Is it the gas tax over there? Is there a difference in price?
Yeah that's pretty neat. It's really interesting learning about different parts of the country that that mountain range that just extends up from California I guess. Huh?
Yeah you like the big cities out there better you like where you're at like it's more country or?
How's your internet? You get pretty good internet out there?
That's good. Right.
my son he always liked cities better because they get good internet and uh wait you get you get little towns out in the country, you're you'll get some internet. Huh?
Mhm. Then arrest
you get uh what what's the speed limit on some of them back roads can you just take off pretty fast or they they are not limited?
Do you have deer out there to hunt or what do you hunt?
white tailed deer?
White
tailed deer
all
sized area now. The Maryland they got these little dear I forget hair, a deer or something like that. They're real small. Okay. That's really nick. This is really enlightening conversation, learning about that area. It's do we need?
not quite as bad. It used to be worse now. We we probably don't get snow. It seems like three times a year or something. Used to use like 40 inches a year or something. I don't know.
Very rarely. You'll get single digits at night sometime and below zero. It's pretty rare. Maybe maybe once every three years or something or
that.
We've got all those lakes up there, that's where they get dumped on by snow I guess.
I was in michigan with my relatives we went out and like you're on fishing and it was, they had a camp up in tar wash, it's like up in that some of that mitt and I think it is, it's right on the lake and then the ocean of the Great Lakes not that far away if you want to go over there. Uh huh. It's pretty interesting. We have like Lake
Erie
up here in the town of here, you will get dumped on us. No, real bad.
Yeah. Goes all the way york Niagara River,
it connects Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. That thing is nasty. It
there is so
hyah Hoga. I said no, you you
mean chi yoga in Ohio. Where is that?
Is
that that by like warren or Toledo or youngster?
However,
I didn't know what
What did it do? Get some chemicals on it? Make caught on fire, wow,
that's crazy. Huh?
Yeah, they have mercury problems. I just talked to get
guy on here a couple nights ago. He's from indiana and you're like michigan. He said there's e coli and everything that you can't even swimming like michigan now they closed the beach. You can't eat any food, any fish out of there. That's bad. How do we get to this place? Huh? Mhm. Yeah.
Or
have fun. Nice talking to you.
Take
well,
Garcia
you fight.