Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay we do. Mhm. Yeah keep going. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Hi and near me.
Oh yeah I just I just started a stop while playing my phone.
Um yeah this is I think my 6th time doing this.
I
haven't had that happen yet. Although one
person
on my on my previous one the woman my doctor said that she had gotten a guy one time who see he didn't want to talk about himself or like where
he lived or like a whole lot of the questions that you
know the stuff
that you
yeah he wanted to talk about like movies. Apparently that was that was like the only subjected it sounded weird but yeah. I haven't had anything like that happen. Right.
Because you don't get you don't get paid if the if the other
person
doesn't.
I'm James.
Yeah I am I'm from California. I'm living in Portland now though.
Or
them not not main and others with a week to Portland's.
well that how is it there? Yes it
is.
I mean in general which
I guess
we can include probably because Covid's everywhere now. But
Portland is not too bad. I think Oregon with Kobe is still doing not bad. Like number numbers are going up but numbers are going up everywhere. That's that's
how the numbers work in this I guess. But
yeah I know and I'm not like I don't feel super concerned about getting in here although like my parents want me to come home
for christmas and I really I would love to see them but I
don't know they're gonna get on a plane
go through an airport.
Well
yeah, that's because that's the other thing because I I don't know, you know, a month from now who knows what things are going to be like? Probably probably
worse. I feel like you know I don't
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Then then then there's all that
other
political was the election real? Does
it get?
Oh it's it's damaging, it's going to damage americans. Faith in democracy. And I mean I I feel like we're we're kind of past that at this point. The damages.
Come
together right.
The other color, the color one we have, we have I think one through five phase thing
and
and Portland I think is still on the most restrictive and we've never moved off it but like the rest of the state was was moving towards opening and then things got worse so they have to go back and
Portland is kind of gray and rainy most of the time, which I kind of like I I like rain. I mean like I said I'm from southern California. So growing up rain was like the only actual weather that I ever experienced.
Yeah here here there you get you get summer, it's hot, you get winter, it's cold and gray and rainy and it doesn't usually snow, but
like
once
every
four
or five, once every four or five years it's no it's actually a couple of years long, a couple of years back, it snowed. Like the it's still for like a month straight, it was like half of january and a half of february and and the ceo is not prepared for that. You just kind of shut down because I guess normally normally there's there might be no snow at all, it might be like one or two relatively light snow days. So we don't have a lot of you know winter stuff to deal with that. Like I don't know if this is actually true, but I've heard that
the city
has like
four clouds
because I mean the logic I guess and it kind of makes sense to me is that it's it's cheaper
to to maybe have to shut everything down for a couple days a year than
to keep all this equipment around that might not even get used.
Are you are you doing like remote stuff? I would I would hope.
World.
Yeah. I can I can see that I uh I I was pursuing a psychology degree in college once I ended up with a criminal justice one which I've got the degree. But it turns out I don't really want to be a cop
for a variety of reasons. But
uh but when I was when I was really on doing the psychology thing I I took it I took child psychology and and as part of that we would go to a nearby school and like work with kids.
It was, yeah kids are loud but also you know there but but generally generally well intentioned, you know they were they were they seem like good kids just there was a lot
of
a lot a lot of questions.
I mean teaching noble professions super important, but also like it just seems like that the pay seems terrible.
The
man.
I can't even imagine what like school, you know, K- 12 school is like these days, you know since
I was
over a kid,
like I mean smartphones alone seem like like they would like they must just complicate everything. I mean I remember when I was, You know, I'm 33 so not that old, but I mean I when I was in high school uh everyone played games on their graphing calculators, that was the cool thing,
the
more,
yeah, I think, or a couple of kids would like, would make their own, that made you, that made you super cool. But yeah, everyone, we're in phoenix and these little text adventures, and yeah, now now you've got smartphones which are probably more powerful than my actual pc than I had
at
home and home.
I can't imagine anyone having much success getting, like, you can't, you can't take away from, you can't take, it gets
blown
away, you know, it's the focus of your phone is your lifeline to the world now, which for kids mostly means that their parents want to be able to get in touch with them, but
I am, I am a freelance coder right now, which basically just means I'm Boyd. But uh yeah, I actually, what I, what I like doing is making games, but that's not always super lucrative. What are,
well,
that's
young.
Oh yeah, like, like, like video games, I've made a couple of small things for game jams, nothing anyone's heard of. But I've got some, some stuff I'm working on. I mean, there's, there's a lot of downtime too to do stuff right now. So
I went to a code school here in Portland a couple of years ago and uh, learned how to do web design and I learned the track, I took taught it was java and android, and I just looked at that and I was like, oh, android, that's like basically any film that's not an iphone, that will be a good. But it turns out that that's nobody wants to program stuff for android in
android, the programming language and expect except in europe. for some reason, europe kind of likes it, but I don't really want to move to europe to code things
back back when moving to europe was
possible. Uh Of course, yeah, but but luckily, I mean basically when it turns out that once you if you if you can learn like one programming language, you can basically learn the rest of them, it's sort of about internalizing certain fundamental concepts that basically what we're used in every uh every framework. So I picked up some other some other one since. But yeah, it was a little, I was a little annoyed when I got through to the end of it and I was like, wow, no one, no one wants to hire anyone who does android, everyone makes
their
android and react now or some other thing, but Yeah,
Um Well I mean it's yeah a lot of like a lot of businesses, place a lot of people, especially restaurants, have have gone on there. Um
And of course we've also had like protests basically every night for moments and uh so there's a lot of you
go out and walk around.
Oh black Black Lives matter
or
and and also yeah, police brutality and and stuff. Uh and and also, I mean this is, you know, this this is where they sat where they sent,
I don't know, Feds, I all I can say is they said is that the government said Feds here because nobody knows what agencies they were from because they weren't wearing patches and
but yeah, but I mean there's so there's basically that's that stuff happens at night, so you out during the day and it's it's fun. I look around, I mean there's a lot of boarded up storefronts, even places that are open now have, we'll have like boards over everything and maybe a sign
letting you know that they are actually open. Uh and there's a lot of visible graffiti, but
but
I
mean
it doesn't look great, but I mean like I said this like the protests and stuff happened Starting at maybe like nine or 10 at night and they're and they're only in certain, they tend to be confined to certain areas. Like I think there, like I've been able from where I live five minutes, I've been able to hear them at night sometimes. Like I
I'm in I'm in like downtown
Portland.
Yeah, but because I remember, I thought I was hearing fireworks because if you remember when
it was a thing that fireworks were going off everywhere all the time. Uh So I thought I was hearing those, but then I watched some footage of what was going on and I was like, oh I recognize that noise and it turns out I was hearing
flashbangs from several blocks
away. So So
that
So I mean that's that's what's going on but like from where it hasn't come to my building or or anything like that. So do I mean during the day, like I said you go outside, you look around, it doesn't look great but like it doesn't feel, I don't feel any less safe particularly than I did before.
Oh man, I want to, I want to say six months. But can that be Yeah. I
mean
Yeah. Yeah. I mean they basically there was there was a running tally and I know we were at like 120 something days I think. And then then there were the forest fires if with all the with all the smoke and for like for a week, Portland had the worst air quality of anywhere on the planet. Yeah.
Oh yeah. I mean yeah, we were recommended we stay inside, which I mostly did. Everything smelled like a campfire even indoors, which will kind of nice at first until you remember
why
it smelled like that. But yeah, I got uh I got a mask with a with a removable filter so I could go out during. But yeah, now now the air quality is back down to like good um
And because it started raining so that probably helped.
But
but during that I think for a few days people like the people stop doing the protests because again like the the
the the air quality, the
air quality index, which is the numbers that, you know, we used to measure how terrible the air is, it was like 520 something. And I don't I'm pretty sure what from what I've seen, that scale isn't normally supposed to go over 500
Good is 0 to 50. Uh
And then and then there's like Okay like yeah up through I think 150 it's like it goes from good to fair to like old people and babies stay inside.
Not
not really like I mean it's a fair it's supposedly it's it's about like fine particles in the air that can that, you know, they can accumulate in your lungs or something. I mean, I guess it's kind of, it's kind of like
black lung probably probably not as severe as black lung, but it's, You know, it's like you spend a few days out breathing in the smoke now and then 20 years from now, you know, you're you develop some sort of a lung.
Yeah, that's, I mean, I like, I've I've been out, I lived, I lived in Central Oregon before I moved to Portland in Bend, and that's that's across the mountains. So there it does snow in the winter. And I remember a few times in the summer, uh I mean, I guess there must have been fires elsewhere. I just remember that one day I woke up, got outside and it was super smoky. I could barely see across
the street.
Yeah. But yeah, like I was and at that time, you know, I didn't really understand why it was happening or think about it too much, but like having been out in the smoke for a few hours that day, I'm probably fine, but it's, you know, it's a cumulative thing. And I guess, you know, once it's, once it's in, once it's in there you can't really get it out.
well
and again and it was it
was like the worst of anywhere in the world for that week. So like no one no one's really sure probably what being out and that does to you.
Uh Yeah I mean I think it was it was weather I think I all all the fire causes I know about I think are the California ones which are mostly like downed power lines. I think I think a gender reveal party was
the
sport
of
one
of them.
Yeah I I yeah it was you know they shoot a box and their little smoke bomb goes
all.
But yeah that was one but I don't remember uh if they pinpointed like what caused the Oregon ones. But yeah there is there is like lightning and stuff I think for some of them and there was all the, I heard that someone set one. I think one of the fires was set by a person. But also
there were all those rumors that mostly turned out to help with peru so I don't know if if
yeah it's it's hard to say
no.
yeah it
never like like a lot of a lot of Oregon was getting evacuated and uh that I was a little concerned about it coming here but it's the city so there's not a lot of stuff to burn. I mean Portland's actually got a fair amount of greenery and trees and stuff but in a in a in an urban
environment.
Oh yeah that's I've been doing it for about
now actually. I started it late last year
now.
It was it was it was good times on air actually at the start at the start of covid because there were all these big well paying hoping surveys and a lot of them, A lot of them were like it was like $10 a week. And uh and now it wants, well now a bunch of them have finished but there's a few that are still going, but also they're not weekly anymore. Their monthly. But uh
oh yeah, I've got that too. Before the browser extension I had there was an unofficial
someone made a phone app that would uh
that would yeah you get a notification when there were when there were surveys and that was really great because you probably
know that
sometimes emails you about stuff so you basically just have to keep mousing over the tab and seeing if there's a number there.
Yeah and the uh the app helped a lot and then all of a sudden one day it uh it didn't seem to be working as well. And then there was something on the app, the guy said oh prolific cut off my my api access so he basically couldn't.
Well
actually they rolled out the browser extension not long after that. So I assume that that was that was related. But yeah of course now and now everyone I assume has the browser extension. So the advantage
in storm
water
like
you know I saw I was signed up for swag bucks but
I mean it's snowing but there's tons of stuff going on on there and I've talked to people who I know good living with but it seems like a lot of swag bucks stuff. It requires you to spend money first. Mhm.
Also I hey I hang up their surveys because you because of how I would get screened
out tons of and you only get a screaming at, you only get a screened out for like the 1st 10 a day or something. So after that
it's
Well
look, I'm on prolific. You fill out all that stuff so that they can pre screen you and then only say stuff that you can do. But on $5 you just go look at the giant list and you see you've got like an
estimated
time and how many swag bucks you'll get for completing it and then you start doing it. But if you, you know if you suddenly they ask, you know what kind of car do you drive? You say, you know, I don't have a car and it's like halfway. We're getting some like oh this is for car drivers were screening
you out now
and
it's
like,
I have not I just do prolific. I've applied to mechanical turk a couple times but
I've never I've never heard back and apparently that's just how it is. Like you might
you
might you might they might approve you in a week in several years or never so
well I love to check that out. Yeah.
I've gotten a couple of things. I've done a couple of male things. Not through prolific. I think I actually
I think yeah, I don't think that's how prolific works but I found like maybe it was through craigslist. I tested some some teas for
very confident and then and then wrote back about them. Mhm.
Okay.
Yeah. I've been talking to you well.
Oh yeah. You too. Your
festival operate with the teaching. Yeah. I
have a good
one.
Yeah.