Hi, can you hear me?
I can. Yes, We set a 25 minute timer.
Have you done this before?
I think I've done it twice successfully and then two other times no one showed up.
No.
I
don't know.
Hello?
they
typically
talk about, you know?
Yeah, me either might have went well. Um I just had the two times that no one showed up, which like kind of stinks, but
I
think it's like
a dollar or something like that. Yeah. Yeah, sure. So what's your name?
James Alyssa, Nice to meet you. Where are you from?
Okay, cool. I'm
from.
that, yeah. Um I am from Ohio originally and then I currently live in pennsylvania.
covid
wise, we're in general
when generally
pay.
Yeah, I'm in the suburbs, so I'm like outside of the city um of faith, not Pittsburgh, but it's okay. I'll probably stick around because family and everything lives here. Mhm
I know. I think
I'm gonna, I'm gonna shut down again. I know
this
man,
yeah, the traveling,
definitely nerve wrecking um I'm
not sure if I would do that either right now, especially with all the spikes.
so
definitely, yeah, I know, it's like it's getting worse every day. Um I mean politically it matters how it's handled and everything as well, but we'll see Oh,
that's
it.
I
know what's going to happen. Do we have a winner? Who knows?
Yeah, pretty done. Yeah, I think here is getting pretty bad um were in like, we have like phases um I think it's green, yellow and red, so we're in
like degree
now.
you're like a number
steel,
Yeah, everything's up in the air, especially with cold and flu season. How's the weather there? Does it get, I don't know much about where you are.
that's true. We get all four seasons hard over here.
I'm
gonna
say
you get
snow,
Not
to tell
you.
That's crazy, wow.
Do you think?
the
that's true. That's crazy. It's definitely not like that. Here we get lots of snow. Um Last year we didn't get any though actually. Like I compared to school days because I'm a teacher so like having, we didn't have any snow days or anything off.
Actually I'm pretty okay. So I have the little guys so as you can
imagine it's very tough. But right now I'm hybrid. So I have eight that are in class on site and then seven virtual, which is more like of a remote way of teaching because they're tough to keep on a zoom session for too long.
But
definitely.
That was probably an experience for sure.
Innocent
and ignorance. Everything going on for sure.
Yeah, lots of wise, definitely. Um but I think I'm looking to get out of teaching due to again various reasons, but covid especially like how schools are handling it is just messy.
Yes. And that's kind of like why I'm just
gonna scooch
my way out for sure and just like you don't have to go to school forever. Your loans, like schools aren't paying for it anymore, that pensions going away. Like there's just so many things that are changing um for the worst.
It's
different, definitely
different.
Like would download
them
from your computer. Right,
I
know.
It's crazy. Yeah, for sure. Um I think schools are like I've subbed a few times a few years ago I was subbing just to kind of see what grade level I liked and phones are like pretty much allowed like in school and the kids are just glued, it's just so different, it's so so different for the worst.
I
know.
Uh No, exactly. Especially with like divorce is like that's a big reason that like third graders are getting phones now because we're going to mom's and dad's house and that's like what I saw at least subbing and everything, it's crazy. Mhm. What do you do for work?
What
kind
of
game computer ones or video games or?
Yeah, that was the time to yeah learn it all and coding is like the new big thing. I'm like I've subbed to going back to teaching like coding class for kindergartners. It's awesome. I wish I would.
Good.
I don't know.
But
That's
wrong.
that's frustrating for sure. So how has covid been for you has like affected anything or any like big things?
Yeah.
The apartment
or like the Black Lives Matter or like covid protests?
Yeah, we have had those
two.
And then
weird.
Yeah.
So it's really bad
there, wow, it sounds
worse
than care.
Are you close to a city or you suburb or where are you?
Oh you're
in this video bag,
jeez
But
my goodness,
I know like
you had to come here to like a target or something like it's been crazy but that's
Okay. How long has that been going on for their, the whole thing? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
So
it's not like since the beginning of all of it, that's great. I feel like it gets like we hit points where it gets really, really bad and then you don't hear about it for a while and then it starts up again if there's like a shooting or something in Philly.
you like I did everything like did they recommend you stay inside?
Got very
older.
Yeah.
More I
declared out shore.
What
good for that.
I was gonna say what's like a typical number, like an average day.
Oh wow. She's,
I was gonna say we're people like hospitalized or anything for it. I grow
effective.
exports.
God. Just so it's like a long term impact.
That
is crazy. It's never happened here. Yeah.
Yes, interesting. That sounds bad. For sure. How long does
it
obviously,
Do they figure out why those fires started? Was it just the weather?
I was
going
to say,
I thought
there
was something about like a person starting it, so I wasn't sure if that was a case.
because you
are bad. My goodness.
come on.
Like what actually happened definitely.
How did that even pinpoint
that until when it gets that big? Mhm Yeah.
Yeah.
definitely
bury her. Yeah, for sure. Do you go on a prolific a lot?
I was gonna say,
I
started in the beginning of quarantines around like March, so not as long, but I do it.
I don't think I've hit seen too many of those yet. Um I have like the browser extension so some pop up every now and then but
position.
really?
that's
an extension
yeah and I own it.
huh. Because they wanted to profit off of it I'm sure make their
own.
I wish
there was an
app. I would definitely like an app more than the browser extensions because I have my phone more than my computer. But you do any other like websites
on survey ones?
okay I've done that before.
is a definitely not what you want to do. Um I do respond.
Everything
Was
that the ones you have to like qualify for? So you fill out like the first based survey and then half
the
Get
money.
interesting.
I think
that
one
Q. M. E. One like me Because I tried $5 and I didn't get that many surveys. So this one I've been having better luck on. Um have you heard of that one?
I am.
Yeah it's hard
to get
Wow respondents. A Good one. Um I get a lot of like high paying ones on there.
Yes that one um Have like have you ever done like a product one? Like like I'm doing a dental one where they like send you stuff in the mail and it's like a weekly scheduled one.
I was gonna say I haven't seen any through prolific.
Oh that's cool.
All right well my alarm just went off to yours too mm. All
right well it was nice meeting you.
Good luck with everything in Portland.
Bye.
Thank
you.
I'll need it for joy C. Yeah.