Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah, But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Nothing. Mm hmm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Uh huh, wow. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Okay. Mm. Mhm. Oh, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. No.
Are you good? Hey? What's up? Yeah.
All right. And I started this like summer I guess like a month ago. So it's like a good moneymaker. Well, not really, but it's something
All
Oh, that's I don't know how I feel about that. How was it?
Oh, that's what you did wait. Like how do you move it?
That
sounds
complicated.
How long did it
take?
so how long was the session?
And
then you
got
Uh and then you got paid 500.
Alright. Then it's really worth it. Huh?
We do anything else added? Like prolific.
All right. What was your major? But I don't know if you want to tell me
personal.
I've been using uh the other one I've been using what's called user testing
and
it's like you're reviewing websites so they'll send you a link and then you screen record your screen and then you just talk about to have a prompt. Like what do you think about the front page? We just talk about it going on and on about it And it tastes like 10 minutes a review and the review takes like 10 minutes, maybe 15 minutes. Only hard thing about is that you only get like two reviews a week or three defense nominee like qualified for true.
Oh, have you heard about mturk
Like whenever I go and read it and I look at like I think it was called beer Money because I read it. Yeah,
everyone has like um their main money source is like enter, so I was like okay let me try it out. It just looks so complicated so I did not stop in line. Mhm.
I
mean too
much.
What
is it,
what was what
was your major, oh history, Okay, that's cool. And you think you're going to graduate school?
Oh day, that's cool. Yeah.
I
don't, there was a problem. I think he just are not he but they just want us to like have a a talk and I guess I'm just gonna analyze it for a while.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's only like a certain demographic that uses things so. Mhm.
I
don't
think a lot of
if you
How is it, Wait, I don't really understand how law school really works. Is it just like they're reading a lot of cases and studying them?
that's a
lot.
So how
does how does grad school work with like the pandemic going on? Are you still doing online then?
mm.
I thought it was longer.
Yeah. So right now I'm uh I'm going to community college right now, so I have one year until I transfer the mechanical engineering major.
So a lot of our stuff like this math know that. Right. Yeah. Um Yeah. You have any hobbies? Yeah.
I figure rabbit.
Wait, how does it how does it like taking care of a rabbit? Is it like a dog or more like a cat?
Yeah.
Mhm.
All
man. Mhm.
Wait, rabbits like are they just like dogs? Like an idiot trick like that. Mhm.
eyes are like
staring at me.
Do you have to like do anything with your rabbits? Take care of it like you're not like you
have to walk your dog, you have to be
that with the rabbit. Not really
walk
around
it.
proposal
to eat.
I don't know. I wouldn't really know what to do with a rabbit. It's like it would just be in the corner.
Wait,
how how long did rabbits live for?
That's pretty well. Oh
thanks. Yeah, I've never had a we'll have a fish downstairs, but that's pretty much it and I'm not really good at taking care fishes. I feel like I overfeed them and that's why they always die so early. Oh
What?
it's like, well I think me and my brother like overfeed it. We don't know what we we don't coordinate when to feed. So I think like that you like six times a day instead of the usual three or two. That's my fault though, it's okay. Okay.
Really? Because that's what I have downstairs and I've been feeling it like three times a day, maybe I'll put it down,
I'll
do
more
research on it. Do I feel bad that I'm killing all these fishes?
That was cute.
wait, how long do cats look for?
mm.
That's
like
lifetime.
All
upside
that, the
name
of a cat. No.
Did you
think it was worth for $15?
Oh I thought yeah. I thought they would give us more than $15 for. This is basically an hour. Because they said after this we have like a 20 minute survey.
Oh yeah. Sometimes I would just like over skimming and read it too fast and I just wouldn't see the fine print where it says um click disagree or something like that. And then I'll just I won't get paid for like 15 minutes of work, cannot be depressed the rest of the day.
Yeah, grab home. Yeah.
My friend was telling me about that yesterday but then he said that gets really lonely. Unless because you're
just
literally in your car waiting for an order and then you go drive and get that order I offered him. I was
like I was
in the car with you and hang out but I need like 30%. Mhm.
No.
All right now.
What's
the
website that you've made the most money on for service is a prolific.
Oh is it? Oh yeah, it is five. Um
It's not that bad. Well I usually catch out once a month but this is only my second one
I
think
martin.
Oh Well yeah, but it's just like, it's kind of sad just cashing out like €5 like Oh so I
was just waiting
for like a big today.
Who?
thanks.
Oh I've been trying to I've been thinking about it because like this summer I just started reading like an investment book. I've been thinking about just like all the money I've been put in here. If I put
it into
like, I don't know if I want to hear something. I wonder how much I'll have, I didn't do it to I don't know in like 40 years just like spare money like that. Mhm.
Yeah I know
it's hard.
Yeah. Yeah. Well so I think well since I'm transferring tuitions looking like 13 Grand for me for semester, so 26 for the year and it's it's really scary just thinking about like Oh I'm gonna be negative for quite some time Probably for another 10 years.
that's true
mechanical.
Yeah so I've been trying to I don't know since I was a kid I was always interested in like robots, we're like that's automation and so I don't know I want to get into that.
That's what?
Yeah I was gonna get a raspberry pi and I was just gonna get like an old like game boy games on there, like the old Pokemon games I was going to play that
please.
Yeah. What kind of games we're going to? Uh huh.
Like are you into Nintendo games? Mm
I would say and everything chief now remember that was like $200 when it came out?
yeah. Did they come, they come with games?
I don't
know how it works at. Yeah, wow,
okay.
I've been buying a lot of games because my friend got me a switch the last year and so there's a lot of games that are really good and I just
couldn't resist the new Zelda games. I well I don't know if you played it yet, The breath of the Wild one, it's so
good.
Mhm.
Well, I mean
you
can, you hang out so it's not like you don't need it to.
it's like a it's like a D. S. But it turns into a. We basically
Mhm. Like
this.
I
think
yeah I think like part of the reason why I'm engineering because I was good at math so it's like that's usually
the pathway people going to if you're good at math, engineer
a calm side or something like that. I'll never into like reading so I could never do history. I'm just a slow reader. Yeah
I am
like
my
problem with reading is like I just start thinking about random things like I'll read a paragraph and then the paragraph has like the word particularly and I just start thinking about fries or something like that and I just forget what I completed red.
What?
I know for
I wonder how they're going to make it. So it's like harder for us to cheat on their exams.
I
think you can do anything.
I
don't know.
I
know some of my professors they wanted to do like um I felt what it was called, but it's like a service where somebody will watch your screen and making sure like you're not looking anywhere else except for like paper on, I don't know.
Kind
of weird some watching the screen. Why
are you taking the bus?
Uh huh Uh huh.
I'm tired. Uh huh
mhm I don't really know. I've never heard of that term before actually. The only
the
only thing
I know about
have you ever
watched the show
uh How I Met Your Mother? Mm Yeah.
So marshall's Yeah, that's only connection of environmental
or
Do you have a timer because uh my timer is at 40 minutes and I don't know when he started
at the
Montessori school.
That's one of three where I live. Okay. Yeah. So 1 28. You got me? I don't know. Last things I want to talk about. I think if she goes, it's pretty fun.
Yeah. All my friends, they just go to each other's islands and playing around, especially
were in corn. Mm.
Yeah. Mm. Okay. Oh, nice meeting you.
But here
again.
You
too.
Good luck and graduate school.
Hi.
Can we just call it the top?