Sorry, I'm a little late.
No, I'm watch just been doing so many surveys during covid quarantine.
It's better than some of the websites I use prolific. Um I've done like an in person survey that gave me like $500 to hook
up to a brain scan.
Uh It was like many different sessions and then I would have to like wash my hair on a college campus, but like it was cool moving a computer with my brain.
Mhm. Just by thinking um like if you have associations with left or right, like you can change what you see on the screen, like really basic stuff like Tetris style
where
I
think, yeah, I was frustrating
angry.
Oh, it took um uh it took like seven sessions, your sessions maybe
uh for an hour and a half I think like as
long
as
you can get it done quickly,
Like yeah, then transportation was $50. They gave me installment bonuses, like $100 after eight or done or something. 50 after 1st 3.
Yeah. And you couldn't quit at any time. So it was cool at us.
But um I do this other one for like quick cash called Q me. It's like harder surveys. I need like $90 on that one. But it took me a long time. Like I just need to get a job, but I'm going to grad school so and not gonna work before the first years over. It's like a rule You only work 12 hours. The law school.
Me,
I'm, you know, I'm, I'm broke. I don't know like prolific. I mean I made several $100 doing surveys. Like this one just pretty decent $15. I missed one that was like this. I guess it was supposed to be on Monday, but I was hungover and yeah. Oh gosh. I mean, um, but like, what about you? Like
it's
not
yeah, like google has their own survey group and amazon does, But using those like are so limited.
Yeah, I've heard I, I just, I don't have luck with like the selective ones. I don't know why.
I've been on there,
I told out a profile and didn't log back on.
But,
And
whatever. Like I also do freelance a little bit like one thing on up work, which
is
just uh freelance. Like they're up tired for like writing a blog or like legal services, even editing books. But me, I'm just like an assistant for this guy trying to call people, I don't know,
like whistle
Yeah, I'm going to law school.
Yeah, I live in Pittsburgh. I don't really know what this is supposed to be about, so like whatever, like I'll just talk about
myself.
Yeah, I guess it's probably something about like, well we're both like using, you know, these survey side, so we are uh two distinct people, certainly strangers, but tests like what the kind of people are that use this.
Yeah, my friend told me about it and like there young enough, but
they're
doing,
you know, and I'm like, I would never do that. She's crazy as well. Nonmilitary.
It's random person I've got in Pittsburgh for three years. I'm actually starting law school, so Yeah.
taking a lot of tests, like it helps to know the casebook inside and out, but it's a lot of like legal writing and analysis, so It's not like normal grad school. I kind of wish I just went for history because I would have gotten $20,000. Type in free tuition. What
in
sudden? Yeah, I didn't know. Uh But now I do. And uh.
Human.
Um Yeah, I like it switched online, but I think it's gonna switch back for like the last week of classes. Maybe there's in class requirement for first year students. Like I'm literally doing nothing right now. I took a break from school. These are off. I was like, no, my plan, but people still got a lot of respect for people who wanna try. So. Yes.
I mean like law school itself is three years. Mhm.
No.
Guys.
Um Yeah, I play guitar. I have like a rabbit and two cats. Show you my rabbit. I got.
Yeah, like she's like sleeping. But
it's like a dog. Like I don't, I don't know. I just like pick her up 1/2. Um
Okay, like she grunts a lot and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Come
here. Oh my gosh one second I guess
this is still
but like she went to the back of her cage.
Thank you man. They can. She's not that cool. Like she's more like uh an infant, like a baby, like she just just believe there on any vegetables. Know
anyone.
Yeah, she's probably like what is happening, what she's comfortable?
my
Well
that's
not
so
I should have her exercise more but she just like has this, but I got from craigslist that I put inside and I just mostly the thing is just she needs, hey, so
it's more like
taking care of a horse, like cleaning out their stall. It's kind of not, but she's sweet like at the end of the day it's really cool to come around.
she's really got a lot of personality. I mean I had two rabbits growing up with my family and I didn't like do all of like this like special stuff for her. So they didn't live that long, they didn't really know what they give them like hey all the time and vegetables, they just
like
Um it's their fix, they'll live for like 10 years, 8-10 years otherwise they like they might get cancer
Um
that happened when I went to college, she went to my state school and my roommate
like I went home and she just like well my fish grounded with food. I was.
Maybe there's a fish, you only have to feel like once a day like beta fish I have had, they only eat like once or twice a day, Think twice a day. It's like,
well like you won't probably uh
it
will
be
or anyway, I'm gonna pull her back before she scratches me. What? She hates being put down. So All right. Anyway, so and this is my cat. One of my cats. Oh, she ran away. Well, here's my other cat. It's the border. Yeah.
Yeah. She's cool. She's my best friend Powder for 10 years. Um
Like 20 years or more. Yeah,
it's cool.
I don't
like, pardon?
Yeah, I mean a lot of cats outlive their owners sometimes they
eat them.
I don't know. I guess like, sorry, I'm a little weird but like cats are crazy. They're like, no name.
I
mean
Oreos the name of her. That's my robert's name. Sorry, I'm like tired. I'm like the waiting after this. I'm gonna go hang out with my boyfriend. I'm like uh sure I'll do this for $15 but.
Sorry?
Um Like not really but my birthday's on sunday and I need money.
it is. I mean I try to do the service quickly.
Yeah. Dude, I mean like I was doing this one survey thing last year. Like I was also doing delivery like services like both mates. Um
Yeah not grubhub though. Just post me. It's an inter car. It was pretty good too.
It
does.
Little
trip.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah like it does get really lonely. I had an electric car, it was a really old one so then I'd have to go wait to have a charge. And it was just like
I'm on our time and like the holidays I didn't go home during that part of the year, I just was like this is not for me. But the survey is like I was doing before. I didn't like know how to do them like so I was wasting time on this site called inbox dollars. And it was not good like
I don't
know.
Yeah, I think so. I wish you could cash out like instantly sometimes, Instead of having a weight €25.
But
All right. I
mean,
I
kind of want multiple times a week.
Thank
you.
That's fair. Yeah. I mean, I cashed out five year olds today. Like I was on this trot um survey like right before this and then everyone left. And uh I was supposed to get like
three arrows, like 75 cents and then they just gave it to me anyway. It was pretty cool, I guess. And but like I mean
I don't know. It really is beer money for me sometimes.
You
can have.
I mean, I should save at least a little bit, but when I have
like
taking out loans anyway, I'm just like, um I'm always going to be in the negative till I graduate, so
Yeah, maybe. I mean engineering is the safe bath though? What kind
of
what kind of a mechanical okay.
Well, yeah, I mean kind of in the cars kind of into like programming now since quarantine started, I like got into like vintage gaming stuff, like
out stuff works, like how, how they made different designs, different like um I mean a little bit into like learning how like the tagging of like games so you can play them for free and stuff like emulation works and
yeah, that's a good idea. So many games
that I don't want to by, but I want to play.
Like I like Zelda, I really like sports games, really like soccer and snowboarding. You're fun. Um
I have like a wee and randomly picked up a DS for like $16.
I know. I have one at home, but in new york wearing from upstate new york. So I was like during the Covid, some girl, I mean it was a really good price. Like I can't find it that cheap like on Ebay there like 40 $50 maybe 60 but
no, I didn't, so I definitely need to get more or like emulate, I guess
from
Uh
And I have a like a Saturn, which is cool. I got that during Covid did not invest my money. I got with my back, but
students.
I
haven't, I've seen it like I don't know maybe I will get a switch and I got my loans but I don't really like,
so you buy most things digitally and like I don't know. My tv is so sad. Also like
his
own.
that's true. I mean it's weird. It's like it's like kind of like a weird right? But it's like also like a game. Like
it's pretty cool.
Well if
I understood any math I will be like making games.
I think
that
been
more.
Yeah. I just I learned a lot of different tricks to like getting through class
not having to constantly read but just like weird memorization strategies right before tests. And selective reading is actually really easy. If you have to do a book report you just read up up until like The 50th page and then you like read really fast like skim it and then you just look online at a review and
I
like
Makes sense of like me and math class. Like well I had to do with statistics class and gradually I ended up just like doing it online. It's four weeks long class and
I feel bad but I googled like a lot of stuff to get through with like a 75. I'm
bad enough
I don't know like I mean I
heard
yeah like american education is free difficult to.
I think
sometimes
students.
I
mean
like
I wouldn't like that I did that for like two jobs and I was on a company in here and I still didn't like it. Like
I would use my phone now. That's how I would feel comfortable that my screen wasn't monitored. But like I'm not I'm not advocating cheating. It's really bad. Like it's not whether, I don't know, like I really like environmental stuff so I want to be an environmental lawyer so I'll have to understand like some mechanics kind of like afterwards.
like anti fracking. It's pretty complicated.
Well,
you
know, martin,
it's like legal where I live. It's I think illegal in California that
isn't
it?
I've seen the whole,
Yeah, that's all good.
Well, we're on a point. I think there's like two minutes left.
Oh, um I don't
have
when we started at 4 23 or 403 so.
Yeah, I know. I will. Like, I mean I would like animal crossing just way too much. Like all my friends or something.
it's pretty cool.
Yeah, I mean I used to be the thing to do like when I was a kid, like club penguin, like even like Farmville I think. Or some some of those, they could be like meeting up with people, but this has like much better design.
You too. Have a great day. Sorry. I just talked so much like best
of luck.
Well, sure
you'll do
great.
Thank you. Alrighty then. I guess so.
Bye.
Yeah, I think so.