mm. Mhm. Hello. It was
All right.
Um My name's Hector.
I'm serious.
That's me.
I'm located right now in new york. Yeah.
How is that over there?
Uh That sounds nice. It's a nice day I'm here to I live outside like a small park but I generally don't go out much nowadays.
wow.
Oh wow. Like we're in new york to usually go yeah
I'm bored.
It sounds real nice. Uh huh. Um Well I used to be a web developer but now I'm a health care worker. I'm a I'm a home health care worker. Yeah
it's
Yeah I'm saying steve as far as I can tell I'm doing all right.
Um
I mean like there's not really much to say about it I suppose like um I just do my job really. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Um I had a bad experience with an employer and I was, I was mostly trying to find myself and healthcare was something I was interested in like as well as web development and I just like sort of geared towards that and I stumbled upon a job that I currently have now, but I still really enjoy web development. I do it on the side, not not as a, as a way to earn income, but just for myself because I find it fun. Yeah.
Um javascript mostly like I've used python and C sharp in the past, but I'm mostly just use javascript. No, Js.
Yeah.
Griffin.
But
How do you feel about how do you feel about your feel now like now it is? Mm hmm. Yeah.
Well,
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean uh I don't really know uh I don't really know what to say to that. It sounds like a really rough time. Um but in terms of web development, are you doing it like as a as a backup or do you do you enjoy it or?
hmm.
Good.
Yeah.
What?
Okay. Um in terms of programming, I'd be really interested like to see your style, like especially with you having a music background, I feel like everyone has their own methodology when when they come to programming and just be really interested in seeing like have you program.
wow.
No.
All
It
makes sense,
like,
Uh huh. What do you mean?
Mhm. Okay. I mean like um with me, I find like the reverse to be true, Like I I really enjoyed um struggling through um my classes because um I started out taking like I went to college for electrical engineering, so um computer science was just um sort of a subset of the skills that I needed in order to graduate. And so um I didn't really think much of programming when I was in college. Um And like I really struggled in my very first class. I didn't I didn't understand anything. Uh like I would I would get right down the middle as a, as a score and so like um I took the time to just like try and understand what I was trying to wrap my head around. I struggled a lot on my own. Um I took my own time to try and understand what it is that was being taught in lessons and in labs and uh like eventually it all started clicking after after just like all right, punching my way through like the material and that's what really helps me whenever, whenever. There's something that I want to learn in terms of programming, Like I really just throw myself at first and try to understand it and eventually it just clicks um that that kind of approach I don't think is um time efficient but it really it really keeps things fresh for me and I really enjoy it.
What?
Probably.
What?
Mhm.
Yeah. Um What what sort of material are you using to help you along? Mhm.
No.
I have. Um is that with python primarily?
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Quickly.
Some pretty cool. Um He said it was called just watching code. Yeah.
Yeah. It sounds cool. Like I'll check it out
because.
Excuse
me.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah. I really like the approach you say. It
sounds really sounds really cool.
Hi.
Um I like to read, I liked a game and I like to play trivia. Um Like recently my friends have taken to like watching a movie a week. That's that's pretty fun. Yeah. Yeah.
it's
it's mostly just everybody picks out a movie for a weekend. Um It's mostly um for for entertainment, it's not it's not like anything hard to swallow. It's just, hey, this is a cool movie I watched some time ago. Um Let's all watch it together or uh this is this is a movie that I've been meaning to watch and and it seems interesting. Do do you all want to watch it? Sure why not like uh this week we're gonna watch on Shawshank Redemption? Yeah.
We want to be
with.
So you don't really watch movies much?
All right.
You
did
huh.
So,
Mhm. Mhm. Um What
have you watched so far? Mhm. Mhm.
It was the last big one, but they released the spiderman will be a bit after.
Mhm,
mm hmm. All right. Have you ever played trivia? Mhm.
What?
Yeah,
Thanks.
What?
they're
like, yeah, I'm sorry.
Uh nowadays they're like um since people don't, well at least in, in the city, I don't know about other states um uh since there are as many people going out to bars, there are a lot of teleconferencing sort of events for trivia, like on facebook and on zoom if, if that's something you're interested in and geeks who drink, actually do a collaboration with a, with a phone app, if there's something you're interested in as well.
Unfortunately. No, like it's, it's an, it's an individual sort of game and and it's just on your phone at last like 13 questions and it's sort of like HQ if you've played that, it's just like back and forth, they give you some material and then they'll ask you a question and then they'll ask you for an input and then back and forth for for 13 questions. Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Um Some are like I've seen some on twitch that our team based like um you'll you'll either have a team formed up or you can play by yourself if you want to and and you submit your answers to a google doc uh together as a team. Yeah.
Stop.
No.
It sounds plausible and I've been really interested to see something like that.
Now.
mm. Not really, no. I took a music course in school. Um but that's pretty much the extent to my exposure to music and the arts. Um uh I don't I didn't really go to concerts much, like I haven't haven't really been to a concert in my entire life. I went to a free concert once for Shaggy, but other than that I haven't really been to the concert. I really liked plays though. I didn't go to many places, but before all this I went to a off broadway play about a a Syrian refugee that that was trying to um find her own place in the world.
Mhm. Um I don't sorry? Um I think it was called The Strip. It might have been called The Strip. Yeah.
No.
I would just say go for anything that seems interesting.
What
I don't think it's a shit. It's more of if you want to do it there's no requirement to do it or not it's really all up to you.
all
Mhm.
it's okay. Um Yeah I think we passed 25 minutes like it's been at least close to 30 minutes.
Yeah.
I
don't know if you said sane or safe. Yeah.
hope you say sane and safe.
Yeah. Likewise take
care.