SPEAKER_R: Hey, can you hear me? Hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: hang on. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, yes, I can hear you yeah.
SPEAKER_R: great,
SPEAKER_L: Okay, sorry about that. My headphones weren't connected like that, they were
SPEAKER_R: that's okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: My dog is going to be involved but
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: probably shouldn't be puppy. What are they? Don't want to see you?
SPEAKER_L: well puppies are always fun to see them.
SPEAKER_R: I can't imagine that. However there scoring these videos, they're looking for dogs in the background. Hi,
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: this is
SPEAKER_L: looks
SPEAKER_R: Dina
SPEAKER_L: like my, I was gonna say it looks like
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: they're settling down but maybe not. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: she's on my lap right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I am uh definitely more of a cat person, so I'm used to them for the most part not being overly in your face until they decided to be. But but anyway.
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: old housemate. Oh go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: I'm just gonna say my old housemate had a cat, but it was like one of those cats, I was like always in your business and like wanted to be picked up. And I don't know she when she was talking about wanting to get a catchy, like described that she wanted a cat that she could carry around and I was like no cat wants to be carried
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: around and then we go to this animal shelter and um like you have to wait in line, used to get there before the shelter opens to put your name down and then wait in line to see the animals because they get adopted so quickly, like it's really cool. Um So we're like so we're like waiting in line
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: and this woman comes out one of the volunteers and is literally carrying a cat. Um And I was like well I guess that's your cat and so then she went and adopted the cat, they wanted to be carried around and she you know I thought she wasn't gonna be able to do it but she found it so
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's that's perfect. Yeah, I I used to have a cat who was a farm cat when he was a baby kitten, so he was a bit yeah different from a lot of cats but he I'm sorry all the changing weather as my throat all getting weird but he loved to be held and carried but only in certain areas, generally bathrooms and laundry rooms. It was very strangely specific, but it was adorable in the bathroom. I think they had to do with the mirrors but I'd be holding him and he kind of just lean out his whole head. Yeah, it was an amazing amount of trust in me and true, okay.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have a cat now?
SPEAKER_L: Ah yeah, just one cat and she is generally, it doesn't come down here so probably won't be part of the conversation. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah my dog usually isn't but I've just been at my desk all day, I was like no like I'm gonna talk on the couch and she was like oh perfect you've been at your desk all day? Oh yes, here we are from the couch. Hopefully the lighting is fine. I usually like have been chatting from my desk but Oh
SPEAKER_L: this is perfectly fine. Mhm. So uh are you working from home then, our school or something? Right.
SPEAKER_R: kind of a I'm a grad student so and and science. Um
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: so I am doing like data analysis from home right now and I'm just finishing off classes at the moment and then after next week it's going to be like all research all the time, which will be fun. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, well honestly, I am doing basically nothing during this pandemic. I was unemployed before it started and this is not exactly the easiest time to find a job. I'm doing prolific, prolific unt selling stuff on Ebay and it's way better than nothing, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Have you done a lot of the video chats and quickly the sort of thing?
SPEAKER_L: I think that I might have been involved from the beginning uh certainly before they started tracking it with the, if you've done for if you've done seven sort of thing, but I'm always excited when it pops back up because it's really way more money than most things and kind of fun to do you socialize?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely been this is my third one and it's been pretty neat, I have to say like the first two, they were good conversations but they were kind of downer and
SPEAKER_L: oh that's the thing,
SPEAKER_R: like not like not bad, but it was like, I mean the first one, we just talked about the pandemic the whole time and then the second time the second when we talked about how like the field of academia is kind of a huge scam and there's like no jobs except they keep graduating people with phds and then at the end there like you know write your positive feelings throughout this conversation I was like uh
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, yeah, I've had
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: some that have been about the pandemic a bit and but I'm just kind of myself lucky that it's never turned into a heated politics and pandemic, yeah. Thing where it's at least been, we've been on the same page, so those I counted as generally positive,
SPEAKER_R: Looks good.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, so um so you said that you're studying uh science is are you like aiming for a certain job or type of job or? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, so I'm studying neuroscience um it's very interesting to me um and has been for a while, I am pretty, I'm pretty new grad student I started last year. Um So I'm in my second year now and I don't quite know where I'm going to go with it. Um The neuroscience academia track is like you get your PhD and then you do a post doc and if you're lucky you can get a job after your first post doc, but a lot of people end up having to do a second postdoc. And I mean I've been in the kind of academia field doing research for about four years now because I was attacked for a bit prior to join in grad school. Um I have yet to have someone I know get a faculty position. Um So I don't I don't I don't know, it's like if you talked, if I talked to anyone who is not a faculty member, they're like make sure you have plans to go to industry. And then if I talked to a faculty member they're like no it's fine, like it's going to work out for you and I'm like I don't believe you at all, like I don't think that's true. So uh I I'm gonna I'm gonna do what works out, but I don't know what that is. Um.
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I uh well I am graduated from college four or five years ago, I got a Bachelor of arts in spanish and promptly forgot how to speak everything I learned, so, so yeah, that that went well, but I am a degree yeah, actually as
SPEAKER_R: Also your your video cut out. I don't know if that's um from internet or something.
SPEAKER_L: can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I can hear you. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Okay? Uh well maybe I'll come back in a second, Yes, I've had a few that cut out sometimes and some that don't, and I'm never quite sure what to do with that.
SPEAKER_R: I mean as long as you still paid after about them from her. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm sorry, I think you just cut out as long as what
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say as long as you still get paid and like that's all that matters. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: well and honestly I I've had one where I, I did end up turning it back in and uh I mean getting uh what? Yeah 1:50 It is that's that's still pretty generous for not actually completing something. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Your videos back by the way so. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: all good then. Yeah I'm sorry. You know as soon as I asked I realized that you said that uh some of your previous conversations have gone down kind of depressing past and then I asked about academics. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's fine.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: Um Are there any like are you a tv person find fun fun.
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah yeah I watch a fair amount of tv generally only with other people but yeah I just just started uh the new star trek season recently so I am really psyched up for that. Yeah. What about you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I watch T. V. A lot unfortunately. Um I live alone and it was actually it's kind of new. I've now lived alone in a pandemic longer than I have lived alone. Not in a pandemic. Um So that
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: has definitely been an experience. Um So I end up just having the Tv on like when I'm just doing random things. Um I am not watching quality tv. I'm watching like really trashy reality tv all the time. Um
SPEAKER_L: no just have their
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: upside
SPEAKER_R: are like
SPEAKER_L: so yeah
SPEAKER_R: yeah I did not realize how many back in like March I was having this like offhand conversation and like the tv show 90 day Fiance came up and I was
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: never heard of that one.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so 90 day fiance is bizarre and I'm sure it's like 80% fake. But the plot, the plot is that there are americans who have partners that are from outside of the U. S. And there is a visa that allows uh fiance to come to the US. for 90 days and they can stay as long as they get married within 90 days.
SPEAKER_L: okay. I guess the
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: assumption is I'll get to know each other and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean I think so. So There's like a million spinoffs which I did not realize it's the problem because now I just constantly have 90 day fiance to watch. But but there's like the 90 day fiance where there's some couples that like hadn't met at all and when um the person from outside of the United States come to the U. S. Like that's the first time that they meet. Um but there's also the spinoff that I just started getting into is before the 90 days. And so this is like the american is traveling overseas to meet the person, which It seems very expensive but like also may be reasonable, but sometimes they're like yeah I'm gonna go over and I'm gonna meet him for 11 days and I'm gonna get married and I'm like I'm sure this is all fake but you know it's kind of entertaining and when you're like sitting like I don't have a table, like a a place to like a dining table or anything so either eating at my desk or I'm eating at my couch, like staring at my tv and just like turning on like really a mindless programming like keeps me entertained. Like my dog is good company but she doesn't talk. Um Well, I mean yet I might get her those talking buttons and see if she learns language.
SPEAKER_L: well if if you do that and I hope that goes well, I've never heard of that either but oh yeah I used to watch reality tv show stuff, I spent a really long time, I was really into Survivor when I was younger and I watched one season of The Amazing Race, loved it and never watch another season, but I think part of why I loved it, that particular one was uh had some really good people in it, it was a season that had two brothers that were called the cowboys, they were uh cowboy hats, they were very surprisingly competent for that type of a show and they were just so positive about everything so
SPEAKER_R: The amazing Race is the one where they have like a bunch of destinations they have to go to. I've never seen it.
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah yeah basically and and they're just kind of let loose to have to get to different places and they have pit stops where they have to do different things. I it's been a long time since I saw that one season but they had like one where they had to do some sort tea tasting where they had these giant tables full of teas and generally I think that they try to get cultural stuff in like that. But
SPEAKER_R: Is it ongoing or that's does it stop? I think Survivor is still ongoing. Right. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah I actually just saw Survivor advertised on netflix which I did not know that was on netflix, that part might mean you and I have no idea about the amazing race it if it's still running or not but Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Maybe survival. Survivor will be my next reality show if I ever get through the 90 day fiance. So the problem is I'm so I'm watching it on hulu And all of the seasons are delayed. But by the time I finish off one spin off, one of the previous, like one of the newer seasons have shown up on the other. Oh, it's bad. That's really,
SPEAKER_L: wow, it sounds like they have the
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: overlap
SPEAKER_R: quite awful.
SPEAKER_L: down down perfectly.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, they got me. I mean I like, I don't know. I don't know, but I don't know. Like I, you know, um I'm doing all my lab work from home so I have no reasons to leave the house um except for walking the dog who
SPEAKER_L: Well that's
SPEAKER_R: try to find
SPEAKER_L: good to have
SPEAKER_R: some things entertaining. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, I just recently got an Oculus Quest and. Uh huh. Okay. Sorry, I wasn't sure, I know that's a little bit of a niche thing but um yeah a big
SPEAKER_R: Did
SPEAKER_L: part
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: of that
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: you have beat Saber?
SPEAKER_L: yes, yes, I put off buying that one for a long because I generally don't like like iphone rhythm games and stuff but it's very different in virtual reality but on the upside
SPEAKER_R: I had
SPEAKER_L: I have been
SPEAKER_R: friend
SPEAKER_L: getting exercise.
SPEAKER_R: that used to Oh
SPEAKER_L: sorry. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, I was just gonna say my, I had a friend who like would send me videos of him playing beat Saber and I'm like, this is kind of weird. Like, I don't know why you're sending me those. I mean it looks fun. And then I had a friend who was like trying to figure out um she was going to get a switch or an Oculus, she ended up getting a switch and getting like ring fit adventure. Um And then, but I think she mostly got the switch to play animal crossing, which she's which I don't know, I it was I think it's her like first video game, I already had a switch, so I got animal crossing too, but
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I haven't played it in a really long time and then I don't know you can visit each other's islands and one day she was like I want to visit your island and I was like okay cool and I hadn't been on in like a month and she goes in my house and she's like there are cockroaches in your house and I was like what are
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: talking about? And apparently if you don't if you don't play animal crossing for like a week or so, like there are cockroaches in your house. I'm
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: being
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: punished
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: for not
SPEAKER_L: anything.
SPEAKER_R: playing this video game every day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh I I like to say it about netflix and other things and now now Nintendo they can be so pushy but yeah the last Nintendo
SPEAKER_R: What else do
SPEAKER_L: system
SPEAKER_R: you play on
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: the Oculus?
SPEAKER_L: was the oh sorry, I think we have a little bit
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: of an overlap.
SPEAKER_R: What was I think so, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was just gonna say the last contenders descent and I got was the wII U. So hi, just haven't gotten around and had the money to get the switch yet and at this point it's probably worth waiting to see what comes next. So yeah but
SPEAKER_R: What are the other games that are available with the Oculus?
SPEAKER_L: uh I'm going kind of slow on buying games partially trying to hold out for the end of november to see if there's any sales. But uh there's one game that I first when I bought I think I expect you to die. It's a yeah it's a spy game where you're a spy and you're in various um seated situations and you have to dismantle a bomb or or find information and and infiltrate organisations and stuff and it's it's really cool and it's just kind of a quirky humorous game sort of thing, right? But yeah mostly that and beat Saber and um one other exercise type game where it's just um think it's called until you fall, you're just fighting through enemies. And it's another good exercise one. So
SPEAKER_R: Is it like cardio, can you monitor your heart rate or that sort of thing or?
SPEAKER_L: I think that some of them um have interfaces that work with like some of those risks, trackers and stuff, but I I don't have any of those. So I just base it off of time and the fact that I'm definitely getting a workout, right? Uh huh. But yeah, it's been pretty cool. I I've been a huge fan of er since uh where I live. There's a uh I don't know what to call it shop store studio that has a VR gaming thing. And a couple friends of mine had their birthday parties there, so got to try it out there and it it's just have you actually got into try VR yet or just hear about it from your friends?
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so. I mean like at one point I had a roommate who had some sort of device but I think he put his phone in and then he had like had me watched this like video but you could look around and it was like very creepy. It was in like an decrepit hospital or something. I was like this is not for me, I guess it's cool but like I'm not like I would not voluntarily continue to watch this like sleepy video.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm not the biggest fan of creepy jump scared of stuff either. But yeah, it's just because
SPEAKER_R: Um So yeah, I haven't
SPEAKER_L: it's no, sorry, I'm just gonna say that it's uh hard to, it's one of those experiences that's hard to describe without trying. Yeah. Kind of like you said the Beat Saber videos that you're getting, it looks a bit funny until you're in it doing it, but Uh
SPEAKER_R: looked really cool. Like I was uh my friend who ended up getting the switch eventually was going back and forth on getting it and I was like I want to play beat
SPEAKER_L: Don't
SPEAKER_R: saver
SPEAKER_L: look.
SPEAKER_R: if you get it. Um But I just also thought it was really like different friend would send me videos of him playing and I was like I don't know what you're trying to tell me here, like it looks like you're having fun. Okay dude cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you say that you have a switch, do you have any other systems or or are you more Nintendo?
SPEAKER_R: so I have a switch and I haven't Xbox. What were the one after? The I don't know which one it is, it's the one not the one that just came out. The one that came out before the one that just came out. Yes that the Xbox X Xbox
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: S
SPEAKER_L: can't keep track of those names,
SPEAKER_R: Xbox one, I don't know anyway I got it to play Red Red Dead Redemption two and I can never pronounce it because I have a horrible time saying ours. Um but I haven't played that super much super often and then I have um are we? I think that's yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I've always mostly stuck to Nintendo, not really out of a lack of interest in others, but more that, that's what I started with and it's just, I don't really have the money to buy every system. So I'm stuck with, you know, until Oculus, but because I, my first system
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: was the, sorry, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say yeah I had Nintendo until, well I guess my very first system was a Sega genesis so that's not a Nintendo but and that was a while ago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: My first one was a Nintendo 64 so once again kind of a while ago. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah my friends had that, it was so cool, I'd play Pokemon stadium with them so yeah, I think that's what it was
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: at. Sleepovers.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I still have the system and I was going through cleaning stuff kind of recently and I found out that there is a plug in on the bottom of the console for some like niche aspect of it that they basically only had in Japan. But I was just trying to figure out how, how how do you do that? It's on the bottom. Do you like prop it up? Yeah. I still don't fully understand what it does, but yeah, it's a bit weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't know if I still have my Sega, it's at my parents place. Uh I mean it's even worked I don't know I like didn't there was this like Lion King game and I had the worst time with it and I just thought that I was like I don't know I like gave up I never finished the game and then now like as an adult on the internet apparently that was a very common experience and everyone like had issues with this Lion King game and I was
SPEAKER_L: Leveling.
SPEAKER_R: like oh the shared experience, like it wasn't just me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mm. Yeah, growing up my parents would sometimes play my video game systems and my mom rage quit due to a game and never played a video game since then. So it was a quest 64 because apparently if you don't save, just right, you can get to the end, not defeat the boss the first time and then there's then you've already used up everything, all the health potions or whatever. So you literally cannot beat the game at the very end. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: So. Mhm. But yeah, actually, just recently I Like did a full completion of Super Mario 64. Did you ever play that one? Uh huh. That was one that I just loved when I was younger and I beat the game, but I didn't get all of the stars and stuff. So that was kind of exciting to actually finish now that I'm older. Right,
SPEAKER_R: This one, well I think we're good on time so it's been nice talking to you, have fun
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: great to talk to
SPEAKER_R: games.
SPEAKER_L: you too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All right, have a good evening.