Hey, can you hear me? Hey, how are you?
Hi, can you hear me?
great,
that's okay. Okay.
My dog is going to be involved but
probably shouldn't be puppy. What are they? Don't want to see you?
I can't imagine that. However there scoring these videos, they're looking for dogs in the background. Hi,
this is
Dina
Well
she's on my lap right now.
My
old housemate. Oh go ahead.
I'm just gonna say my old housemate had a cat, but it was like one of those cats, I was like always in your business and like wanted to be picked up. And I don't know she when she was talking about wanting to get a catchy, like described that she wanted a cat that she could carry around and I was like no cat wants to be carried
around and then we go to this animal shelter and um like you have to wait in line, used to get there before the shelter opens to put your name down and then wait in line to see the animals because they get adopted so quickly, like it's really cool. Um So we're like so we're like waiting in line
and this woman comes out one of the volunteers and is literally carrying a cat. Um And I was like well I guess that's your cat and so then she went and adopted the cat, they wanted to be carried around and she you know I thought she wasn't gonna be able to do it but she found it so
Do you have a cat now?
Yeah my dog usually isn't but I've just been at my desk all day, I was like no like I'm gonna talk on the couch and she was like oh perfect you've been at your desk all day? Oh yes, here we are from the couch. Hopefully the lighting is fine. I usually like have been chatting from my desk but Oh
kind of a I'm a grad student so and and science. Um
so I am doing like data analysis from home right now and I'm just finishing off classes at the moment and then after next week it's going to be like all research all the time, which will be fun. How about yourself?
Yeah. Have you done a lot of the video chats and quickly the sort of thing?
Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely been this is my third one and it's been pretty neat, I have to say like the first two, they were good conversations but they were kind of downer and
like not like not bad, but it was like, I mean the first one, we just talked about the pandemic the whole time and then the second time the second when we talked about how like the field of academia is kind of a huge scam and there's like no jobs except they keep graduating people with phds and then at the end there like you know write your positive feelings throughout this conversation I was like uh
thank you.
Looks good.
Um Yeah, so I'm studying neuroscience um it's very interesting to me um and has been for a while, I am pretty, I'm pretty new grad student I started last year. Um So I'm in my second year now and I don't quite know where I'm going to go with it. Um The neuroscience academia track is like you get your PhD and then you do a post doc and if you're lucky you can get a job after your first post doc, but a lot of people end up having to do a second postdoc. And I mean I've been in the kind of academia field doing research for about four years now because I was attacked for a bit prior to join in grad school. Um I have yet to have someone I know get a faculty position. Um So I don't I don't I don't know, it's like if you talked, if I talked to anyone who is not a faculty member, they're like make sure you have plans to go to industry. And then if I talked to a faculty member they're like no it's fine, like it's going to work out for you and I'm like I don't believe you at all, like I don't think that's true. So uh I I'm gonna I'm gonna do what works out, but I don't know what that is. Um.
Uh huh.
What about you?
Also your your video cut out. I don't know if that's um from internet or something.
I can hear you. Yeah
I mean as long as you still paid after about them from her. Uh huh.
I was gonna say as long as you still get paid and like that's all that matters. Uh huh.
Yeah. Your videos back by the way so. Okay.
that's fine.
Um Are there any like are you a tv person find fun fun.
I watch T. V. A lot unfortunately. Um I live alone and it was actually it's kind of new. I've now lived alone in a pandemic longer than I have lived alone. Not in a pandemic. Um So that
has definitely been an experience. Um So I end up just having the Tv on like when I'm just doing random things. Um I am not watching quality tv. I'm watching like really trashy reality tv all the time. Um
There
are like
yeah I did not realize how many back in like March I was having this like offhand conversation and like the tv show 90 day Fiance came up and I was
like
Okay so 90 day fiance is bizarre and I'm sure it's like 80% fake. But the plot, the plot is that there are americans who have partners that are from outside of the U. S. And there is a visa that allows uh fiance to come to the US. for 90 days and they can stay as long as they get married within 90 days.
So.
Yeah I mean I think so. So There's like a million spinoffs which I did not realize it's the problem because now I just constantly have 90 day fiance to watch. But but there's like the 90 day fiance where there's some couples that like hadn't met at all and when um the person from outside of the United States come to the U. S. Like that's the first time that they meet. Um but there's also the spinoff that I just started getting into is before the 90 days. And so this is like the american is traveling overseas to meet the person, which It seems very expensive but like also may be reasonable, but sometimes they're like yeah I'm gonna go over and I'm gonna meet him for 11 days and I'm gonna get married and I'm like I'm sure this is all fake but you know it's kind of entertaining and when you're like sitting like I don't have a table, like a a place to like a dining table or anything so either eating at my desk or I'm eating at my couch, like staring at my tv and just like turning on like really a mindless programming like keeps me entertained. Like my dog is good company but she doesn't talk. Um Well, I mean yet I might get her those talking buttons and see if she learns language.
The amazing Race is the one where they have like a bunch of destinations they have to go to. I've never seen it.
Is it ongoing or that's does it stop? I think Survivor is still ongoing. Right. I don't know.
Maybe survival. Survivor will be my next reality show if I ever get through the 90 day fiance. So the problem is I'm so I'm watching it on hulu And all of the seasons are delayed. But by the time I finish off one spin off, one of the previous, like one of the newer seasons have shown up on the other. Oh, it's bad. That's really,
that's
quite awful.
Oh yeah, they got me. I mean I like, I don't know. I don't know, but I don't know. Like I, you know, um I'm doing all my lab work from home so I have no reasons to leave the house um except for walking the dog who
try to find
some things entertaining. Mhm
Did
you,
do
you have beat Saber?
I had
friend
that used to Oh
Oh no, I was just gonna say my, I had a friend who like would send me videos of him playing beat Saber and I'm like, this is kind of weird. Like, I don't know why you're sending me those. I mean it looks fun. And then I had a friend who was like trying to figure out um she was going to get a switch or an Oculus, she ended up getting a switch and getting like ring fit adventure. Um And then, but I think she mostly got the switch to play animal crossing, which she's which I don't know, I it was I think it's her like first video game, I already had a switch, so I got animal crossing too, but
I haven't played it in a really long time and then I don't know you can visit each other's islands and one day she was like I want to visit your island and I was like okay cool and I hadn't been on in like a month and she goes in my house and she's like there are cockroaches in your house and I was like what are
you
talking about? And apparently if you don't if you don't play animal crossing for like a week or so, like there are cockroaches in your house. I'm
being
punished
for not
playing this video game every day.
What else do
you play on
the Oculus?
no.
What was I think so, yeah.
What are the other games that are available with the Oculus?
Is it like cardio, can you monitor your heart rate or that sort of thing or?
I don't think so. I mean like at one point I had a roommate who had some sort of device but I think he put his phone in and then he had like had me watched this like video but you could look around and it was like very creepy. It was in like an decrepit hospital or something. I was like this is not for me, I guess it's cool but like I'm not like I would not voluntarily continue to watch this like sleepy video.
Um So yeah, I haven't
looked really cool. Like I was uh my friend who ended up getting the switch eventually was going back and forth on getting it and I was like I want to play beat
saver
if you get it. Um But I just also thought it was really like different friend would send me videos of him playing and I was like I don't know what you're trying to tell me here, like it looks like you're having fun. Okay dude cool.
so I have a switch and I haven't Xbox. What were the one after? The I don't know which one it is, it's the one not the one that just came out. The one that came out before the one that just came out. Yes that the Xbox X Xbox
S
Xbox one, I don't know anyway I got it to play Red Red Dead Redemption two and I can never pronounce it because I have a horrible time saying ours. Um but I haven't played that super much super often and then I have um are we? I think that's yeah.
I am
I was gonna say yeah I had Nintendo until, well I guess my very first system was a Sega genesis so that's not a Nintendo but and that was a while ago. Yeah.
Yeah my friends had that, it was so cool, I'd play Pokemon stadium with them so yeah, I think that's what it was
at. Sleepovers.
Yeah, I don't know if I still have my Sega, it's at my parents place. Uh I mean it's even worked I don't know I like didn't there was this like Lion King game and I had the worst time with it and I just thought that I was like I don't know I like gave up I never finished the game and then now like as an adult on the internet apparently that was a very common experience and everyone like had issues with this Lion King game and I was
like oh the shared experience, like it wasn't just me.
Mhm. Yeah.
Oh
This one, well I think we're good on time so it's been nice talking to you, have fun
with
your
games.
Yeah. All right, have a good evening.