hang on. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Hello?
Yes, yes, I can hear you yeah.
Okay, sorry about that. My headphones weren't connected like that, they were
but
no.
well puppies are always fun to see them.
It
looks
like my, I was gonna say it looks like
they're settling down but maybe not. Yeah.
Yeah, I am uh definitely more of a cat person, so I'm used to them for the most part not being overly in your face until they decided to be. But but anyway.
Sorry?
go ahead.
No.
Good.
Oh that's that's perfect. Yeah, I I used to have a cat who was a farm cat when he was a baby kitten, so he was a bit yeah different from a lot of cats but he I'm sorry all the changing weather as my throat all getting weird but he loved to be held and carried but only in certain areas, generally bathrooms and laundry rooms. It was very strangely specific, but it was adorable in the bathroom. I think they had to do with the mirrors but I'd be holding him and he kind of just lean out his whole head. Yeah, it was an amazing amount of trust in me and true, okay.
Ah yeah, just one cat and she is generally, it doesn't come down here so probably won't be part of the conversation. Right.
this is perfectly fine. Mhm. So uh are you working from home then, our school or something? Right.
wow.
Uh Yeah, well honestly, I am doing basically nothing during this pandemic. I was unemployed before it started and this is not exactly the easiest time to find a job. I'm doing prolific, prolific unt selling stuff on Ebay and it's way better than nothing, but
I think that I might have been involved from the beginning uh certainly before they started tracking it with the, if you've done for if you've done seven sort of thing, but I'm always excited when it pops back up because it's really way more money than most things and kind of fun to do you socialize?
oh that's the thing,
Uh huh. Yeah, yeah, I've had
some that have been about the pandemic a bit and but I'm just kind of myself lucky that it's never turned into a heated politics and pandemic, yeah. Thing where it's at least been, we've been on the same page, so those I counted as generally positive,
Uh huh. Yeah, so um so you said that you're studying uh science is are you like aiming for a certain job or type of job or? Yeah,
huh.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, I uh well I am graduated from college four or five years ago, I got a Bachelor of arts in spanish and promptly forgot how to speak everything I learned, so, so yeah, that that went well, but I am a degree yeah, actually as
can you hear me?
Okay? Uh well maybe I'll come back in a second, Yes, I've had a few that cut out sometimes and some that don't, and I'm never quite sure what to do with that.
Oh, I'm sorry, I think you just cut out as long as what
well and honestly I I've had one where I, I did end up turning it back in and uh I mean getting uh what? Yeah 1:50 It is that's that's still pretty generous for not actually completing something. Okay.
all good then. Yeah I'm sorry. You know as soon as I asked I realized that you said that uh some of your previous conversations have gone down kind of depressing past and then I asked about academics. Yeah
so
uh yeah yeah I watch a fair amount of tv generally only with other people but yeah I just just started uh the new star trek season recently so I am really psyched up for that. Yeah. What about you? Yeah.
All
no just have their
upside
so yeah
I've
never heard of that one.
okay. I guess the
assumption is I'll get to know each other and
well if if you do that and I hope that goes well, I've never heard of that either but oh yeah I used to watch reality tv show stuff, I spent a really long time, I was really into Survivor when I was younger and I watched one season of The Amazing Race, loved it and never watch another season, but I think part of why I loved it, that particular one was uh had some really good people in it, it was a season that had two brothers that were called the cowboys, they were uh cowboy hats, they were very surprisingly competent for that type of a show and they were just so positive about everything so
uh yeah yeah basically and and they're just kind of let loose to have to get to different places and they have pit stops where they have to do different things. I it's been a long time since I saw that one season but they had like one where they had to do some sort tea tasting where they had these giant tables full of teas and generally I think that they try to get cultural stuff in like that. But
uh yeah I actually just saw Survivor advertised on netflix which I did not know that was on netflix, that part might mean you and I have no idea about the amazing race it if it's still running or not but Mhm.
wow, it sounds like they have the
overlap
down down perfectly.
Well that's
good to have
Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, I just recently got an Oculus Quest and. Uh huh. Okay. Sorry, I wasn't sure, I know that's a little bit of a niche thing but um yeah a big
part
of that
was
yes, yes, I put off buying that one for a long because I generally don't like like iphone rhythm games and stuff but it's very different in virtual reality but on the upside
I have been
getting exercise.
sorry. Uh huh.
No.
You
know?
that
that
is
anything.
Yeah. Uh I I like to say it about netflix and other things and now now Nintendo they can be so pushy but yeah the last Nintendo
system
I got
was the oh sorry, I think we have a little bit
of an overlap.
I was just gonna say the last contenders descent and I got was the wII U. So hi, just haven't gotten around and had the money to get the switch yet and at this point it's probably worth waiting to see what comes next. So yeah but
uh I'm going kind of slow on buying games partially trying to hold out for the end of november to see if there's any sales. But uh there's one game that I first when I bought I think I expect you to die. It's a yeah it's a spy game where you're a spy and you're in various um seated situations and you have to dismantle a bomb or or find information and and infiltrate organisations and stuff and it's it's really cool and it's just kind of a quirky humorous game sort of thing, right? But yeah mostly that and beat Saber and um one other exercise type game where it's just um think it's called until you fall, you're just fighting through enemies. And it's another good exercise one. So
I think that some of them um have interfaces that work with like some of those risks, trackers and stuff, but I I don't have any of those. So I just base it off of time and the fact that I'm definitely getting a workout, right? Uh huh. But yeah, it's been pretty cool. I I've been a huge fan of er since uh where I live. There's a uh I don't know what to call it shop store studio that has a VR gaming thing. And a couple friends of mine had their birthday parties there, so got to try it out there and it it's just have you actually got into try VR yet or just hear about it from your friends?
Yeah, I'm not the biggest fan of creepy jump scared of stuff either. But yeah, it's just because
it's no, sorry, I'm just gonna say that it's uh hard to, it's one of those experiences that's hard to describe without trying. Yeah. Kind of like you said the Beat Saber videos that you're getting, it looks a bit funny until you're in it doing it, but Uh
Don't
look.
Yeah. So you say that you have a switch, do you have any other systems or or are you more Nintendo?
I
can't keep track of those names,
Yeah. Yeah. I've always mostly stuck to Nintendo, not really out of a lack of interest in others, but more that, that's what I started with and it's just, I don't really have the money to buy every system. So I'm stuck with, you know, until Oculus, but because I, my first system
was the, sorry, go ahead.
My first one was a Nintendo 64 so once again kind of a while ago. Yeah. Yeah.
So
yeah, I still have the system and I was going through cleaning stuff kind of recently and I found out that there is a plug in on the bottom of the console for some like niche aspect of it that they basically only had in Japan. But I was just trying to figure out how, how how do you do that? It's on the bottom. Do you like prop it up? Yeah. I still don't fully understand what it does, but yeah, it's a bit weird.
Leveling.
Yeah. Mm. Yeah, growing up my parents would sometimes play my video game systems and my mom rage quit due to a game and never played a video game since then. So it was a quest 64 because apparently if you don't save, just right, you can get to the end, not defeat the boss the first time and then there's then you've already used up everything, all the health potions or whatever. So you literally cannot beat the game at the very end. Yeah.
Yeah.
So. Mhm. But yeah, actually, just recently I Like did a full completion of Super Mario 64. Did you ever play that one? Uh huh. That was one that I just loved when I was younger and I beat the game, but I didn't get all of the stars and stuff. So that was kind of exciting to actually finish now that I'm older. Right,
It
was
great to talk to
you too.