how are you?
Really? Yeah, I know. I just got off of one to, it hasn't been nor my days have been like calls all day today. I actually went into work. So
yeah, I'm a teacher. And so we were given today to go clean out our rooms so I got a little bit out and I had to do the rest tomorrow
now. They split it up by like alphabetically. So certain
people went today, but I'm moving rooms next year, so I've got a lot of stuff to get out of there. Uh What do you do?
Oh no, you're that's probably good for this.
Yeah. My cats behind here going crazy. But yeah,
I know.
All right. Same here. There's been I did one where it was like um it's said you could, but then it never I think they were like just seeing what your responses would be like in interacting with somebody, but it wasn't like actually interacting with them. Um And
um not really. I started like in the fall I started doing
them so just kind of it's been nice recently like I keep it pulled up and you know whenever they pop up I do them just while I'm a computer. But um definitely nice. I've done other like survey kind of sites and I feel like the pay isn't as good on some of them. You know I'm gonna be spending the time doing it. I'd rather get paid more.
Yeah definitely definitely. Have you been doing it a while?
cool.
Yeah. Yeah it's it's been nice. There was um like in the fall so well in the winter outside coach basketball so and so I would like get food for all the girls and I was just using the money from like the surveys to to buy everything. I was like this is a nice little supplement, like
all of that.
All right. Yeah. So
pretty much. Yeah. There's um, it's nice time. I work in the like the inner city school district and so there is a nonprofit that um, gets donations and we go like once a month and get a bunch of stuff, which is really nice. Um, and so that helps with supplies. But a lot of the other stuff I end up getting on my own. Uh huh. And I've done, this is my, just, this will be my fifth year. And so I've kind of been accumulating things through the years. Um, which is nice. I feel like now I'm kind of set uh, for, for next year I don't really have to buy as much
Cincinnati.
Where are you from?
Okay, cool. I've never been to philadelphia and it's somewhere I've always wanted to go. I'm a history teacher so you know there's a lot of history there
like you.
How
Yeah I bet. Yeah. Have you are you have you always lived there from
their length?
Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. Always been and since I was born in columbus but it's not that much different. Yeah.
Right. Yeah it's changed a lot in the past like 5-10 years just kind of kind of come up a little bit and a lot of cool stuff is you know come around so I like it and it's nice to like I feel like it's
within driving distance to a lot of different cities. I mean definitely save in philadelphia like you know it's you can get places easily if you need to which is good.
No it's um
indiana and Kentucky. Yeah.
True. That's yeah. So he's trying to hit the cat's trying to come in.
me correct. He's sitting in the way I thought about it. He doesn't want to though, he's like half in the window, he's getting the sun so
yeah if he comes out more I will. Do you have pets?
Right. Well there are a lot of work. I have
dog
also a lot of work.
Yeah definitely. They're good companions.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. We always um growing up by the cat and a dog so like when I moved out on my own I've always had one there
was one year like when I was in college and my apartment wouldn't let me have one and it was like it was hard it was a hard year. Do not have one so I
can't imagine not having one. Yeah.
Oh where
is
your has your husband been working from home also? Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
I mean I've posted stuff online. They want us to have like online meetings but it's just really hard with my students to get that going. Like a lot of them didn't have devices and don't have internet and so that's just kind of been a struggle of trying to figure out the access issues of you know getting everybody on there. Oh so
been
trying it's more just been been doing a lot of professional development stuff, recipe
Like learning apps and all of that. I'm teaching summer school and it's all online and so they've been really trying to like teach us which I've done a lot of computer stuff anyway but there's you know a lot of the older teachers aren't as used technology and so there's a lot of learning for them to figure out, you know, how to do all this stuff. So that's what I've been, most of my time has been just like trainings.
Right. Oh yes, yes, I actually um so they finally, I think there was a donation from some business and they were able to get a bunch of laptops or not because their ipads And so they started this
past week they were passing them out to kids and I was
able to go pick, I picked up like 11 of them and delivered them to kids on Monday and so now
finally more of them have access, which is good, but there's only technically like two weeks left of the quarter, so like a little late but better than nothing.
Yeah, like I think our last day was supposed to be May 21, so just a couple of weeks out And then summer school starts June one.
Oh yeah, I like, imagine when I used to be different, I don't know if it was like that for you, but I remember when I was in school, we started later like, because now it starts like mid august and I remember we used to start like late august and ended into
june and now it seems like all the schools are finished at the end of May by, by the end of May.
Mhm Yeah. Right. I don't know why that's changed. I'm
you still doubt places.
Yeah,
I can
say
that.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Makes sense. Yeah. So, well, it will be interesting to see what happens in the fall. Um they're like talking about doing like blended learning then to like just coming a couple of days a week and then the other 30 days being online and who knows that's
what it'll feel.
I don't know what's going to happen.
Right. Exactly. Do you have any idea when you have to go back to work? Have they figured that out?
I mean if you're still getting everything done, I think this is really showing how much can be done from home really.
Yeah. Yeah. I found
like, I know a lot of people are complaining
about being stuck in the house or whatever want things to open up,
but I've enjoyed this time, you know at home it sounds like maybe you have
to
enjoy being at home because yeah, I don't know, we never who knows
if we'll ever have a time like this again, like, you know, as long as everybody, all my, you know, is healthy and doing all right. Like it's nice to just be able to, you know, do other get things done that I've wanted to get done and haven't been able to and I've enjoyed it.
definitely.
Yeah, no, I think that's fine.
I feel like in person though, you would like people with like, you know, drink or whatever and I don't know, I'm pretty laid back though, so little things don't bug me so I can see where maybe some people would be weird about it, but
Have you done any um like calls with like friends like set up like happy hours or anything through zoom or any of that?
No.
Okay. The like pictionary kind of like that? Oh, cool. Mm.
Yeah, I've played that. Is there is there online version of that or were you doing it through?
2nd and that you can see?
Okay that's good to look for it for sure.
Yeah. Oh yeah I can imagine
so
it's
been
game. Um I really wanted to get animal crossing since everyone was talking about that but it was hard to find, you know, I didn't want to just go buy a switch just for that so um Not really not really, I I've talked to friends about setting something up, we're just having it so ideas that can't get out
but
those
are
some good ideas.
I did do that. Yeah like back when I came out I played that so
it
was
mhm it's it's kind of like it doesn't seem like something I would like to get into necessarily but it was just relaxing kind of just yeah just play it when, you know, I just need to wind down. That was good, so.
kind
of, but I feel like sims is more high tech. The thing is like I am a crossing, you're like going and like harvesting stuff off trees and things seems like there's so much more to it. Uh other
like little
I'm
good.
I had time I got um yeah, I'm trying to think and this is gonna sound weird but like do you remember like back when Farmville was really big on facebook kind of similar to that where you've got like, like I guess you had like a lot of land and would have to farm it, stuff similar to that almost um
which
sounds,
you can, yeah, tom.
Mhm. And I just knew like so many of my friends were playing at the new one that came out on the switch and so I thought about it, but I was like, you know, I don't need a by a switch just for this, I have a place to show the Williams um Yeah, well maybe eventually, but
no, I live by myself.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean I like it, but I'm pretty, I am pretty introverted anyway and sort of like being by myself anyway. Um I I kind of miss it. My brother used to live with me and so at times I sort of missed that, just having somebody else here, but overall it's been alright and I've I've gone and visited my parents because they're not really going anywhere, do anything, I haven't really gone anywhere and do anything, so I felt like that's been safe and so when I have felt like kind of lonely, I'll go see them.
Yeah, they do. So it's good my mom will try to get me up for dinner all the time and I have to say like, you know, I can't come up every day, but you know, it is nice having that option to go there.
Mhm That's
good.
Right now sam No, I see people that live around me though, like there's been so many people having like parties and things that I'm
not just look out. I'm like, what are you doing? Yeah, but they'll be in the front yard like to make it look like it's social distancing. But they're not, they're all like, you know, right up on each other like this is mhm
right, right. So I feel like even if things do really start opening up, I'm still just kind of got to do what I'm doing anyway. Um I don't have any need to like go out and do a bunch of stuff so
No the like
the latest thing is they've
lycopene, dentist office and I doctors and stuff like that. Um but
I think they're talking about opening more things on the 12th next week. Well see I don't know
Yeah right, I told me and it was like you know it's safe to come out when they start opening the country clubs and uh this is something else to um I thought it was funny but I guess if they're opening that first then that's not showing that it's necessarily safe but
may I guess with golf though I guess you can be kind of spread apart but so I don't know.
Thank you.
little bit, I've been trying to just support some of the places around here, like in my neighborhood, the local places. Um But I haven't been doing it that much. How about you?
Yeah, that sounds good. Good. Some good comfort food, some noodles. Mhm.
Yeah,
I've got there's um I've had there's a
bar that does like really good wings that by me. So I've done that. They
just
opened back up in the past couple of weeks and they've just been doing friday
and
saturday.
So I've been making get it from there. Um
That's been like the main place of guys come from.
Mhm. It's a lot
of indian restaurants around me too. So I ordered that once. An indian. Yeah. Okay. No, I said I was trying not to spend too much money either because I spent money on my house. I just repainted this room and I'm working on redoing all of it and just some other stuff about a washer and dryer. So I've had some bigger kind of purchases and I was like, I can't be spending money
here.
Is
that little?
Yeah, I did. Um
I thought
I used
my,
yeah, that's what I use my stimulus money on Washington because
I
needed
lack,
right, well, I usually just took it to my parents house and it was just kind of a hassle to lug laundry everywhere and it's nice and I'll have anything here and give me everything caught up. So yeah.
I feel
like
that was the same way that I'm like this, this must mean that I'm like getting old. Like I'm excited about the washer and dryer and just, yeah, that kind of stuff. Mm
Right. Well, you know what they say, it brings you joy like
very kind of thing.
Yeah, yep. Yeah, yeah, I've been putting that off for too long so I was glad to finally finally take the step to get it and okay now I'm like what else do it, what else can I do in here? I'm like I want to redo my bathroom and all kinds of stuff so we'll see.
and uh it's hard to like just get started on stuff too and then I never want to commit either, like I want to like think about it for a while and how I want to do it because I'm like I'm afraid I'm going to do it and then not
like it or think of something better and I
just put things off forever because I do that well.
I get inspired,
it's white,
more
Yeah, it's hard, polite thing is weird in here, but
I
was gonna, I bought a, that's
another thing I got myself into bed and so
I'm
bringing my old bed into here because I'm gonna make this my guest room because this has been my brother's room, so when he left he took all this stuff and sound, let me get it. Still have, there's nothing on the walls yet. I've got stuff I need to hang up, just get a feeling I bought a rug so little bit at a time.
Yeah well that's kind of what inspired. I'm like well this could be my office now, like if I'm gonna be here making my office.
Oh yeah, yeah she has a good video background now
for her and
yeah have you seen that? There's um my mom told me about this twitter page called room Raiders and like a play on words like its rating rooms like and so it looks at the people that have been on like, you know the new sites in their houses like MSNBC and stuff and they rate their rooms in the background. And so I was
looking at that now, I feel like I think about that when I'm in like my work calls, I'm like, what do they have no rooms here
background?
I thought it was a good idea. It's funny.
Mhm Yeah. Uh Uh huh.
You're right. I'm Lindsay
laura.
Yeah, you tell. And I said it was going to say our time to display the time onions. Maybe it just says that after the 25 is up.
But I think,
Yeah, I'm pretty sure I joined like write it for 30.
Right. Yeah. Did it say what it was like for? Maybe it'll say afterwards like what they use the data?
I can
see that.
Oh,
I wasn't sure if you were going to show up either because I kept saying that I'm like, I could see where because I didn't really see the message. Right? At first of what time I've gotten picked for. I'm like owner, there will actually be somebody on there or not.
Yeah, matched it up well, yeah.
Yeah. You too.
Thanks. I wish you the best to thanks for the game recommendations. I'm gonna check it out.
Yeah. Yeah. Right. Good. Right.
Yes, it does. Yeah.