Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Hi,
doing already been like jumping from calls all day, So,
so physically,
are you all going in at the same time or?
And
I work in marketing at a nonprofit, so yeah, I've been doing interviews all day today for focus groups. That's kind of interesting to be sorry if I'm an interview mode.
Yeah, I was kind of, it's interesting to meet someone else to like your through prolific, right?
I've
had an actual person that I've talked to.
Have you been doing it for a long time
and
yeah, I agree. And I like that it's, I mean I think they're interesting sometimes, like I'm learning about myself, wow, I'm getting paid to do things, so.
No, I just started last week, wow.
Yeah.
you're
such a creature. I love it. Like figuring out how to care for others with my money.
Are you one of those people who has to buy a lot of your own supplies and things for your room?
Mhm What city are you located in? Uh huh.
Cincinnati? My cousins from there. Uh huh.
I'm in philadelphia.
we
highly recommend. Yeah. My office is actually right on Independence Mall where the Independence hall and with the constitution center and those things
are so I'm always being stopped by tour groups and ask directions.
I've
lived in pennsylvania but I've been kind of all around went to school in Vermont so are you Ohio based?
I like Cincinnati though. It's got cool little neighborhoods and it's pretty calm for a city but it's nice.
It's
Yeah. You're on the border with, I should not have started that sentence Kansas
Kentucky,
Kentucky. Trying to think of accused. Yeah.
Oh I love cats. We can let them come in.
I make my coworkers hold their cats up to the screen and where I go,
No, I would like them. I don't know, semi recent. Okay, not recently. I'm like I was married three years ago and so been kind of traveling a lot and doing things like that my husband's not super keen on, so cat life, so
I'm wearing
them down.
I just wanted to make sure we'll be home for them if we're going to get one. So I haven't seen clear, but now, especially when I'm, when I'm working from home, like I just want to be cuddling a cattle the time.
Have you always had pets?
There?
what?
Yeah.
Where health
this?
yeah, grateful to be able to be like not having that stressor and have a lot of friends who are not as fortunate. Um Are you are you still doing classes with your students are doing the online learning thing or? Yeah.
Yeah.
And
no, that's cool.
Yeah. That's really interesting. I mean I would hope that this would highlight some of the challenges of inner city schools. I don't know if it will or not. Like the reality is that people are living in all the time and in some ways I think they're being brought to light because they're like, oh wait, we can't just count on people having access to wifi.
this
I
But
How are you? Almost in on summer break?
Gotcha. Yeah. I forgot somewhere was so close because I just know, I mean all the parents, I know we're losing their minds right now. Like
it.
Yeah. And they do start earlier too. I remember we always started right after Labor Day.
I know.
I know for some schools it was that way because of air conditioning really,
they
don't
have
air conditioning and the kids are just sweltering in the summer.
What?
That
would be a scheduling nightmare. Yeah,
I know. That's hard. I feel like you just kind of have to like, you can't really prepare. You have to like, well I'd be okay with theoretically what's going to happen and then just set it aside and go day by day.
Um they've said that we're not going back until june for sure, but like it's pretty up in the air. It's really like my team works really well remotely anyway, like doing marketing communications. It's not like we need to be in the office. So I think we would all make a bid to stay out as long as possible. Yeah.
Yeah. That's what I'm hoping. I hope they see that where just as effective being not at our desks because it's a long commute for me.
No,
like
that,
that
if
that
Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm not, I don't like being at home, like I'm definitely a person who's always just like, I don't want to be at home at all. I like to be out doing things that parts of challenge, but I do think it's been valuable to have that kind of forced rest and yeah, just slow down with family and that everyone is doing that and so there's less um there are less commitments and people being concerned about, you know, whatever missing out on parties or events. Oh,
it's kind of like the whole world is re prioritizing. I have a pressing question, which is what is your opinion on drinking over zoom calls? Alright, I don't mean like drinking drinking, I mean like having a beverage.
Mhm. I've had mixed opinions on whether or not it's professional to drink while you're talking to whatever the video don't like. I don't know.
I guess if you're like, I'm missing out, I don't want to be sad that I don't have a beverage to share with you, but All right, well, I'm glad you're chill. I'm gonna drink my watch it. Yeah,
yeah, I've done a few game night kind of things. Um recently did the scribe leo one, I don't know if you actually think
it's not called script. Leo I keep calling it scribbling, it's called scribble, but then it's dot io,
so that was pretty neat because the platform is on is really easy to use remotely. And then, do you like playing code names? People played.
there's an online version and I get the name wrong every time it's not horseplay it's horse party horse or support or something, google
horse party horse sport and co names you'll probably find that.
Yeah it's a good one because I've tried to set up remote versions of code names before and it's a challenge and you have to like flip all the cards over and take pictures.
Have
you
been doing
any online games?
Have
you
done
that
version of Animal Crossing?
I
need
to, everyone's been telling me to download it. I haven't yet
that's what I've heard. I don't know, I don't know enough about it to know if it's a relaxing, Is it just like your you're building a little world or something? It like sims this is how I'm imagining
it.
Is it more
like a Tamagotchi pet? I don't know if you I don't know how old
you are if you're in the
era of Tamagotchi. Okay.
Do
you play
with other people? Like do you connect with your friends on it?
Which?
Do you live with other people?
Right. Is that nice during this time or not? I imagine that would be pleasant. But then also have its detractors.
Oh, that's good that you have that option. They live nearby.
Yeah. Yeah, my in laws live nearby. So they've been coming over and with you dinner and stuff with them a lot.
But
yeah, which sometimes I think they're like, I'm also relatively introverted, so I think they're like, let's see people like let's do stuff and I'm like, I would be fine never seeing anyone.
no.
huh. Uh huh. Yeah. We have a lot of older people in our community and they just like they think it's all a hoax letting people know you're the population that needs to be protected and they're the ones who are complaining.
I think still shut down like Cincinnati didn't lift anything right?
Like
thank
Thanks.
They opened golf courses near us, which is a very strange thing to me to start with.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't trust it. I'm like, I'm not sure why of course is are the thing that is the most necessary for people to be doing.
Maybe it's
boost to the economy. I don't know how that works out. Have you been ordering food and stuff from places? Uh huh.
Yeah, I started trying to do it a little bit more actually. Um I don't know a lot of the places. So I live out in the suburbs and work in the city. So the king, it's long and usually I'm just eating in the city. So I wasn't that familiar necessarily with restaurants around me. So that person kind of nice when I was like, oh I actually should be supporting local businesses that I don't on a regular basis. So because at first I was trying to just avoid um getting anything from anywhere and then it was like all right, I need to take some necessary risks to try to help support. So we have a soluble place, it's not too far away. And then been eating a lot of noodles from various establishments.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
It's
not.
I
found
it
I
People nice.
What
did you
just
buy?
and dryer
if you're taking
on like
in
business home purchasing?
So
you
have to go
to the laundromat?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that was my, that was probably the most exciting thing for me when I got a house was to get a washer dryer and I still, I'm excited every time I use it just so lame. But it's
difference
from having to go out.
I splurged to get one that was read even though it's so unnecessary just because
make
condo would approve of my washing diarrhea.
you're stressing me out. I've been looking at home projects that I should be doing and like, yeah,
no
thanks.
I put things off and then I do it all at once. Like once I started something, it's just like, and then all of the rooms will change.
Is it did you, is it a great color? I can't tell what the video quality
fight
for. Yeah.
But
I
as
so
I'm
It's nice to have that face while you're working at home.
I was on a call with this one girl who installed an entire living wall behind her because she was like, I must have an office space that makes me happy. It's like, oh my gosh, just so ambitious, but it's beautiful.
Whereas
I'm like, yeah, I have this beige page blank wall,
As
I
love that. I want to do that with my team, just like write a number on each of their little pictures. Okay.
There's gonna look that up.
Is it weird that we haven't shared our names and were like coming at the end of our conversation?
laura.
Nice to virtually meet you.
Yeah. I think it um it set it on the original site, like when you clicked, but I don't know because I clicked their early just to make sure that it would load correctly. So I think we're okay if we go till Yeah, like five ISH.
More than
Yeah, I think you did because the guy was like a minute. Really? Yeah. I kind of forgot this is being recorded, I guess. That's good.
I mean we're the one who didn't have the structured conversation. I think the other group was supposed to talk about something specific. I'm wondering if they were going to talk about how many times Krone came up since it's not everybody Latina. Hi
res
No shoes. Yeah.
Yeah. Well,
yeah, I know. I was thinking the same thing as it was kind of confusing to get to. Like he had like click through a prolific email and all those things like what are the odds that someone else actually follows through this way to be
Well, it was nice getting to chat with you
and I wish you the best. I hope you continue staying healthy and yeah, I can get back to school in the fall and care for the kiddos.
Yeah. And I'm going to go check out room readers.
All right. Have a nice evening.