Yeah. Oh hi there is
here. I'm
good, I'm good. How are you?
Hi I'm admin.
Yeah my name is Admin.
where are you from in where where are you located?
But
So your central time? Right. Yeah I'm from I'm in pacific I'm in Seattle Washington. Uh
You haven't been here?
Okay. Yeah. There have been two I think balance wines last year. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. We drove from I have a friend in Houston um and then we drove from Houston to Dallas About four hours. Right.
And
all right. So is it
kind of hot there right now or how's the weather?
Oh
All right. That's cruel. Okay.
Okay. Yeah I yeah I've been to texas a few times and it's kind of and hot. Okay. Do you,
so what have you been up to? That's all.
You you you're working?
We're wearing that. You get thirsty.
Oh that's not
bad.
wow. Maybe I should try that.
is it?
right right. So
what what is that again? PK testing?
Oh I see.
Is
that like
is that like a clinical trial? A. C. So how did you know about that? Amy the Tacoma? Uh huh.
Okay I see. And then that's bad. I mean like if you can get into some of these studies right? I mean it can help your patient bills.
Right right. It comes through the risk right? I mean you never know. What
I see.
Well so also what happened I mean like why why didn't you go through it? It wasn't like you were um
so I mean there were other candidates I guess that.
I agree. Yeah. So how's how's um how's school it there? Mhm.
Casey. Okay. Yeah here in Seattle I think we're also okay. Um Going down I mean flat lining the curve um Yeah but the you still have like Robert probably in the whole state standard like 500 cases a day.
Right. Right. I mean your your bigger state than this so I would say it's probably the same thing I guess. Yeah. Two. How are I mean our masks and force there?
Uh huh.
Okay. Yeah so here it's tended the same thing I guess the most of the like shops are requiring people to wear masks before they enter if not usually the provide masks for people. And just today I went to the grocery and there was one once shouting um at my back and I thought she was shouting at me and then she was telling that um there's no eating inside the grocery store and you should wear a mask. And then oh I thought I was the one being shot at that. But so and then I I I I saw that the other guy wearing inside the shop and yeah maybe his mask was um
no
he's not wearing this mess because he's eating so. Yeah I think David right.
Right. So yeah. Well everyone's trying to be safe I guess. Uh. Uh huh. Okay.
Thank
you.
Oh that's interesting. I mean I I didn't know that. I thought yeah they're still checking part of you all those cases.
Oh yeah and I'm kind of storing or I haven't decided yet if I would like to get like the flu vaccine. This decision. Are you are you are you like a fan of I mean like do you do vaccine religiously? They see every year the flu vaccine?
Yeah. Yeah. I think I agree with you. I mean like Yeah, that's that's the reason why we do have that vaccine every year, Right? Because to mutate and it doesn't really, you know, prevent sometimes it just you can still get flu but probably just not so sure use, I guess. Or like a mild symptoms, but we'll never know. Right? I mean, and so I'm kind of like I've been doing I mean, like I'm taking those vaccines every year, but this year, I don't know if I would like to do that maybe. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And you wouldn't know like during that time period where your body is trying to recover or trying to fight that dead bacteria, I guess. Uh you might they are exposed by covid or whatnot. I mean that might might make you your case like more serious or worse. I mean not might be you have like the serious symptoms that you never know. Right. Yeah
Yeah. I think I I think some of the countries in Asia they say that they've limited their cases. So it's kind of amazing. You mean like how how can they do that? Probably I don't know is it because they have smaller um area or they have a better contact tracing? I don't know. Yeah.
Let's go.
Yeah. But I think new Zealand also um was able to control the pandemic. Right. I mean
Yeah. So do you think this is like the end of the world?
It started like january. We have a lot of you know bad news going on. Yeah. If it's yeah I think everything is really like the worst shit like. Yeah.
Yeah I mean not not religiously I guess but yeah I've seen a lot I've seen some news articles about it.
I mean
it is like the norm. I mean when when all these um nominees or like candidates during election season they usually do that smear smear each other. I mean the campaign.
Yeah.
yeah I think it's kind of bad we don't really have I don't know
good candidates I guess. I
No
what did they do?
Yeah it's I think it's a mess. Yeah.
Well the
yeah I think there that those are their strategies right.
I mean people do
stuff.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Just to I get I guess I mean every single seat count right? I mean the electoral right?
We're right. Hi.
So is it still going on the R. N. T.
huh. Yeah. Very David. Yeah. So so why are the I mean like more of campaigning for trump? Right.
Right. Right. Yeah. I think that's their propaganda. I mean if you if you hate the current administration then you should vote for them I guess. Yeah.
So.
Yeah. I think I think there were some talks about you know I think the Bipartisan like this two party system it's not really an ideal. I don't know I think there were some critics about us having that two party system and limiting as limiting our options I guess.
I
don't know where if there was some talk about let's see say if you're in in the D. N. C. Of course you have like this nominees right before they elected or chosen by them to be there. We have like different presidential candidates right? But I think there are others that maybe are better but they just don't have the support. But so so I think there, I don't know I think I've read this article about um you know we're just limiting because of this two party system and it's not really um representative of what the party is I guess because it depends on it depends on the support and the and and sometimes you don't really have that choice given that's a nominated they already nominated by them to be like their their their candidate.
Yeah. This is the same thing for the Republican the RNC.
So
Yeah. So I think that's the problem I guess. I mean yeah I mean if you have that lady support from from from a lot and then you just can't really support say brainy because everyone's going for particularly Back in 2016 year. Right. Yeah, sure. So what do you think would be like, I don't know. Yeah, I think we're getting a mess, but I don't know like how do you
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's messy. Hopefully. Yeah. I don't know what this pandemic means for us. I mean, and we'll have this election and what will happen to the government come from november? Are you registered to vote? Okay.
All right. So
Oh, that's cool.
wow. So doing your community
service
along
After after the boys.
Okay. I just want to check I followed your story. All right, jimmy. Um I think we're good. Right,
So nice meeting you. Thank you for
your
okay, good night day,