Mhm. Yeah. Hey, how's it going?
Pretty good. Uh huh, Michael, by the way,
nice to meet you. My best friend's name is matt.
I'm sitting outside. My mom is visiting for thanksgiving, so she's doing some cooking right now. Usually I sit in the kitchen. Uh huh. Mhm.
Outside.
Yeah, I like your baby
shirt.
Yoda,
I don't know if it's the child or the original.
Yeah, so you're a fan of the Mandalorian?
yeah, I got my nephews birthday
is
like the day after thanksgiving, and I got him oh plush baby, you're a doll, okay. Mhm.
I shouldn't.
yeah, I
never
use eight and my my nieces six, sorry, I never know where to look. Like
the camera is way up here, but like the face here. Um so if I'm looking around, it's it's because I just don't know where to look. Uh
yeah, my nephews eight and my my niece is six, and uh I showed it to my niece, I was just like oh I got this for Caleb like for your brother, he was just like oh I won't tell them, and immediately she was just like okay, I guess what uncle Mike got you, just like oh no, I made a mistake, yeah.
What?
Yeah, it's true, it's crazy but like they were my favorite people in the world, like two little kids, like they're just so like innocent and like like kind like it's just it's amazing to try and remember being that way at a certain point in life I guess.
Are.
Yeah. It was I that
like, you know like I like I grew up watching like a like they they were like huge and they're like Pokemon and and stuff like that, you know? And like they put them on shows and stuff and I watch it with them sometimes and I'm just like, oh man, this is terrible, I just don't get it. And I like I'm just like I grew up watching like he man and stuff, you know? And like I'm just like was this that awful thing, you know like
From
My No, I'm sorry.
My uh my mom actually got my niece into the pink panther cartoons and uh she's into it. He is not, he just likes to watch stuff where there's gonna be some fight, somebody's going to fight, that's what he's going to watch.
What?
Thanks.
Yeah.
It's good stuff.
It's a are
you caught up
on the Mandalorian?
Yeah, I'm really excited. It makes me I have not follow like Star Wars Rebels or the the animated shows. Those who are Yeah.
Mhm
Uh huh
you
see
them?
Yeah, because
they're like in the in the last episode, like the um one of the
mandatory in showed up, uh I guess the main female Mandalorian who took her helmet off um and apparently she was referenced in the in the Rebel series I think. Um
it's it's a it's an actress named Katie Sackhoff and she also voiced that character and now she's actually playing the character in the in the Mandalorian. Um but I was just like, oh man, like there's a whole lot that maybe I'm missing out on like you can still keep up with it without watching those. But and uh I came to star was late, like I didn't watch Star Wars until uh my teenage years and it was because a best friend of mine was just like how are we friends you've never seen? You know, like, you know, so he let me like, like you said VHS tapes and I just watched those and I was like, yeah, it's pretty cool.
I still have the Rise of the Skywalker.
Well, the last one, yeah.
And
what?
That's
it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just the general story. It's just like, yeah, good
empire Bad. That's it.
That's
pretty cool. Like it's it's cool to have something like that, you're that invested in, you know like that you could that you could pull up facts and
pretty much you know down other people with it you know? Yeah like you watch
that maybe you didn't get this. That's pretty cool.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah it's a I was I was trying to look up stuff about like the new Yoda against the baby Yoda the child and uh I can't I could not even remember like the only um one of us that I can remember is Yoda like that's what I could that's the only
one remember and then I started reading
up about it and apparently there was a female version of a species that was on the council during uh George Lucas is like not the original trilogy but his next three her
name is Jati or something. It's
Yeah.
Okay.
I
hear.
apparently like
there are books and
comics
and all like animated series that delve way
into more into the background that I have no idea about but just watching the Mandalorian like I'm like it's my favorite stores like even more than the original series which is is probably healthy but
I haven't heard about it.
Oh that's
that's it's a console game. He said
that sounds really interesting. I mean if you would like that is a yeah he's all about Star Wars right now.
Um I think he would be but my sister um limits his screen time so he's especially since he's doing school from home so he's not exposed to any of that that Um I have a PS four so whenever he comes over here the main thing he likes to do is play Minecraft. And uh we've been building a world for a year and a half. And uh about two months ago I was He left. I never played on my never never ever touch it like like I have not played that PS four unless he's here like just uh and two months ago I was just like you know what? It's a saturday night, I've got nothing going on, I'm gonna get this up. And he was building this thing, I'm gonna finish it out tornado and the power cut off and I turned it back on and it's a data corrupted.
We had spent a year and a half building this thing and it was like like I I have like the next day I was just like a I'm sorry buddy, like it's gone. And uh he uh he was just like please please find a way like can you get it back and you get it back like, you know? And I looked it up online and I find a Youtube video where you could go into like cloud storage.
Yeah. And you like, so I was able to save the world, but not the traditional stuff that I put on it. It was it was a a back seat.
Way more than that. Yeah. I'd only spent like less than an hour like I was just like, you know like it would be a good surprise for him next time he comes over and it was just like the weirdest time thing, like a freaking the power cut off. Like the only time I decided I was gonna do this. Yes. Come in.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. It's with my nephew.
He's
uh like I'm just
like
buddy, like
just play
creative, play creative, you could build
whatever you want. It's like, like an infinite lego set, you know, like do whatever you want. And he's like, no, today I want to kill zombies. I'm just, and what happens is will start
it and the same thing will happen. Like a spider will show up a creep show up and he'll be like, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye mic. If this, it's like, this is like, I don't want to play like, you know, this is what I was telling you to play creative,
Oh yes. Yeah, that's it's interesting like it's a
yeah,
it's just really funny the way like, like, you know, they like, like I know he enjoys the creative mood, but for some reason he's just like, okay, well today I'm going to fight. But then it doesn't, it's just like oh man, thank you, just just
blake
please.
Yeah.
I know the feeling
my nephew first started
playing for some reason. Um
All he wanted to do was flood everything so he would just find a place where there was water and break everything so it would flood the entire area. He was like look
the water's
going here that it was just like how do you build something? Like come on, what are you doing?
Yeah it was uh like we spent a
year and a half and creative mood like he figured
out
because I've got a
Minecraft
books so they teach you how to like spawn stuff you know? So I can't remember what it's called but it's like this spinning tornado thing that's just like super destructive and he was like yeah I'm gonna spawn this so I can fight it. And he spawned it right
next to the house that we had spent a year in our building and it wrecked everything, it wrecked the barnet, wrecked the garden, it wrecked one house, like it was like and and he freaked out, he was just like, oh man, like you know like like what what should I do? I was like, I don't even know what this is, like what is this like? But I can't remember the skull, but like it's it's like it looks like a big white cloud,
something
like that.
Yeah. And uh
we've we've actually uh through creative that we've gone to the, what is it, the end zone, not the nether beyond another, is it is it the end with the dragon? Yeah. Yeah. And uh took a
couple of days because my
nephew actually did it, he like because he looks through the books and he's like oh I built the and portal and now I could get into it and you know, I was just like I was like you just just build
something
you know? Because like he'll he'll start like every time he starts fighting something he's like oh my God it's a dragon help you know? And like I never like I don't really play this until you're here.
All
No.
All
you've
got
man. Good times mm
In
Youtube
Can you excuse me for 1/2? 1/2 I'm sorry,
I'll be right back.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. No, no.
Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Hello? I'm sorry about that. Yeah mm. Minor cooking emergency apparently.
it's mhm. It's uh yeah whoever
gets visit, it's like you
haven't even this you haven't eaten that I'm just like well I haven't felt like if there's a Mcdonald's not too far.
uh It's been crazy. I've been uh the only people I really see a family right now um my best friend who is also named Matt, his fiancee is a teacher and one of her students tested positive. Um So now she's uh their quarantine from each other, like she stays in the bedroom and he brings your food or whatever, but at the door because he's diabetic so he
can't immuno compromised.
It's a it's it's been a year your it's
man.
Kids
are super
Yep. agree. 100%.
Mhm. It's terrible. It's uh it's it's really strange to me, like, like like I can't make I can't wrap my mind around the fact that that something as simple as putting a piece of cloth around your face is so divisive. Yeah. You know like it's just like, you know like we are like in the midst not not it's not like it's happening in Tennessee, it's happening in the US and it's not like it's only happening in the U. S. It's happening worldwide. It's a global pandemic and people can't even do the simplest things to stop it.
Yeah.
No, I mean even
right now, you know like uh We're spiking worse than we've ever had. You know, it's like averaging 140,000 and 50,000 people in date that are getting infected. That that's that's that's insane. That's worse when it began and people are still just like there, you know, like it's not a big deal and it's a and I live in the south, so it's especially bad here.
Yeah. My like uh like my best friend, Yes, diabetes if he needs me to compromise, my mom had a stroke In
2015. She's immune compromise. Um My sister is and my nephew is so it's like when when when I hear people talking about
like all these things like it's fake or like I don't really care about it or
I'm gonna do what I want to do
anyways. Like it's not really happening. It's extremely frustrating because it's not like if they want
to do what
they want
then their own circle that's fine. But they're they're bringing it out into the world, like they're going to the grocery stores without the mask, they're going to places where you have to go to get food and stuff like that with each minor minor protections and it's, it's extremely, extremely just frustrating like they can't do this, these simple things just to mitigate what's happening.
go on. You know, like it's a probably
like, you know, like everybody
is just like Halloween, can't wait for Halloween, you know what's your costume? Oh, I got this mask, I got this, you know, like I'm going to do this, you know? And then when you just have to do it simply the rest of the year, it's like just the very least just pretend it's Halloween like
every day, you know, like just put on a freaking mask. That's it.
Yeah. Yeah, let me do any of that. Well, you're like, it's just, I don't
understand how this is like impinge ng on freedoms or whatever, like it's, it's a piece of cloth on your face, like it's, it's
completely agree.
I
completely
completely agree with that salmon.
It's uh and it's kind of really kind of terrifying to think that, you know, like there's, there's a huge segment of the
population that actually thinks this
way,
you know, like they're
just like
uh like literally
they will say I'd rather die than put on a mask,
you know? And it's just like,
it's,
that's what
you're going
to die for. That's the hill, you know, like it's a freaking mask. That's it. You know, nobody's
asking you to like,
you know, gold
government building and
get a shot or anything like that. You know like this thing put on a mask. That's it kurtz.
Hello?
Hey?
Hey.
Okay.
Um Mhm. When
when I
went to,
when I was going to school um and uh yeah college ah Even in the early 2000s it was still not, it was okay to smoke like smoke in the lobby. Um buildings have certain designated like these little concrete basement looking rooms that you could smoking or whatever. And uh and while I was going to college I worked at a coffee shop and it was it was completely you know like anybody wants to smoke smoke and and then uh
within a year like it was just like done, it's like you can't smoke here anymore, you can't smoke there anymore. And people were pissed and it was just like just go outside, just go outside like you don't have to like just you know or finish your food and go outside and smoke. Nobody's gonna explain. But there that's and like like you were saying there are people that just don't get, can you hear me? I'm sorry. Your video girl.