I'm trying to write about yourself.
My call matt.
you're working outside today.
Well
best to stay out of their way when they're working up a frenzy in there, especially when they got the sharp knives. Yeah I'm out
what?
Thank you. My
kids gotta put me for my birthday there. Yeah
No puts the baby one.
Yes, yep. Uh My my older brother is a couple years old and he was raised on Star Wars so I got all the hand me downs and now my kids are like oh there's baby Yoda, I'm like you guys don't know the originals. Oh my god, so I had to teach him. Yeah
going to
say
we got a couple for the kids to I was making sure they went around because christmas
that's got to start buying it now so before it's all gone. Uh huh.
And
I never.
No.
Okay.
they can't keep secrets of that age.
I know uh my kids are 10 and seven and we've got nieces and nephews and they're almost the same age and then the nephews four, so it's like anything you say in front of that kid, you know, it's just being repeated, you just know it going, so you're just like, all right, you got to watch what you say now and because you have to repeat things,
the pure joy and amusement and easily amazement from simple things and he was like,
was that that gullible when I was younger? Yeah.
I
thanks to like netflix and other streaming services, I found a bunch of the old cartoons that me and my brother watched Volt Ron, Hyman G I joe all the old Hasbro cartoons, like all those old classics like tom and
jerry, even Pink panther. Some of those were even before our time, but we had on VHS so I'm watching these just laughing at the stupid things. The pink panther does. I made the kids watch and they were just like, this is boring. I'm like, you don't understand you guys, like you've got too much technology and too much like fast moving things. You don't appreciate the old school stuff. So like,
Oh yeah. So like, um, they can actually now tell the difference between like a VHS movie and like DVD and Blue ray because of how grainy it is. And that's their complaints. And I'm like, were there for 10 years, you know, you guys have seen it once or twice in your lifetime now, so you don't appreciate what you have. No.
So he might like Roll Tron or something, but still, yeah, he needs more action.
And I bet my mom was
singing and humming the pink panther theme as soon as she heard it. And the kids like grandma knows this. I'm like grandma's gonna watch it with us. We're dumb and young, you know, like, yeah,
Yeah.
No.
there,
well,
yes, yes, they are not. But I'm like, you guys are in bed, I'm watching it. Yeah,
I haven't seen much if any of those, I've seen obviously all the movies and none of the animated ones and the Mandalorian series is just, um,
it's keeping to like the theme, the timeline. It's obviously like, well, um,
choreographed for what it's doing and how he's traveling all over the place and always running into scum and rebels and like, to me, it's like perfect. And of course they've got time to make it perfect. You know, they don't have to like worry about production deadlines and they're doing basically like short stories. Um Whereas like the rebel stuff and some of the other animated ones are like all over the place, but you know
those are
for kids
a couple but not not a lot of them. Yeah.
Yeah.
What,
huh.
So
Uh that was the 9th 1, right? Yes,
So my brother is such a Star Wars nerd that he has um like the books and the novels and that sometimes follows the Star Wars timeline that we know from the movies. And there's some series that are like its own timeline, just like different events, different era. And he sits there and he starts naming characters and he's like that was that one guy in the movie at this one scene and I'm like they never said his name. He goes no but that's because of his rank and who he was talking to that, So and so, and I'm like, whoa dude, that's way above me. That's like, that's like next level nerd stuff. That's like George Lucas doesn't remember those facts, but you remember that. And one time we're playing True Pursuit, Star Wars Edition and I'm like, oh, I've seen all the movies. I know most of these ones. You know, like what's this vehicle called or who is this character? I know that stuff. There is one question of like how many stormtroopers were in this one scene and I'm like, when they're in the detention center,
Okay. I'm trying to remember. I'm like, you
know, there's a handful and my brother goes the original version or the remastered version. I'm like, what? He goes, yeah, because a remastered version, they like uh pasted a bunch more in to make it look bigger. And I'm like, You know the difference. He's like, yeah, I was like 13 and this one and 57 and this one I'm like, no way. I look at the back of kind of like okay, rainman, like how do you remember this crap? Like remember the good guys and bad guys and that's about it, you know, like, I'm good
there.
good,
Yeah, he, his nerd um goes way beyond anything. I'm capable of remembering some of those details. I'm like, you need to get a life dude, like that's too far.
That's
so
you are.
Yeah, there's a lot of that stuff where like, and he's talking to their kids um he'll pull out some facts and they're like, oh, like yeah, and he's like, yes, like Yoda, but no.
the movement
meaning
I,
yep. Yeah, I don't know if they ever said it, but there was a
different Yoda character and they were there and you're like, wait, that one in hair, that wasn't yoga, It was a CG version of Yoda basically with hair. Um
but there was never, never any explanation. There is no character development, there was no back story, there was like none of that information, They just kind of threw it in there.
And
then um that's something where my brother was like, oh, they were over here and do this and they're part of this bad while I'm like, where's this from? He's like, oh, this book series and I'm like, okay, I that's not the movies, dude, I don't know, I'm sorry. Yeah,
like
in
comics?
No.
So um, I don't know if you play um, councils or PC or any video games, There's the Star Wars game coming out, it's called squadrons and
it's basically like a dog fighting space simulation. So for some missions, you're the rebels and you're going up against tie fighters and all the empire and stuff like that and then they switch and they do from the Empire point of view and you're chasing the rebels and it's all like space combat and a lot of people have said like it's very well done inside the universe and everything and showing like both sides of the conflict. Yeah. Um I think it's, it's definitely out on the council's, I don't know if it's out on PC yet, um I put that on my christmas wish list because it's something maybe the kids will play too, so No,
that's yeah,
yeah, yep. Playstation or Xbox right now. And
is he into like shooters like Fortnite or?
I don't know,
I wasn't saying uploaded a cloud every so often,
yep, yep, But you got like 80% of the back at least, so Yeah.
My kids are big in the Minecraft and sort of the nieces and that's like almost all they do is building stuff, blowing stuff up, trying to figure out, you know what does what, and I'll play with them occasionally, but they'll play and create them so they can just build and build and build and build and build and I'm like no, if I'm playing, they're playing survival, were playing hardcore, you die, you lose everything and so like one of them were playing, they're just like really on edge and they run around and they chop down the tree and then they run to the bed and then they go they build like a torch and then they run and go lay in the back and like if a spider is coming or they hear a creeper hissing or something like that. They run and scream. I'm like you just got to learn how to kill it, I'll go kill it for him. But like they're just like so stressed out that when I'm done playing to like creative, creative, creative uh
I help
you.
I was
like
like
wait
you know,
What?
cool. Just just last weekend my daughter and the news, we're playing and they jump back and forth between creative and survival for some reason and all of a sudden I heard him screaming and they said, oh no puppy and rocco. And I'm like what the hell? It's like go in the living room, I'm looking for like people blew up my dogs. I'm like who knew? I like like you had a creeper by your house. I wasn't paying the country. And I was trying to look at the video of how to build this certain structure or something else. And he went, boom, He took out my dogs, I might. That sucks.
Yeah,
yeah,
At
this point
I try and get the kids to expand the horizon instead of just like always building houses, always building house. It's like, there's hundreds of youtube videos of people who build like an underground bunker that has a little switch that we hit the switch stairs pop out and you go down into the bunker and then you have no switch the stairs go up and it closes the door and it took the whole like real bunker and to see that kind of mechanics, They're like, wow, that's cool. And I'm like, you guys can do that too, you can watch the video cause it do what they did, play the video again, you know, do that so you can learn how to build it too and they, it's too hot either they built the houses. So that's all we did. Yeah. Trying
to broker a little bit of engineering, a little bit of like architecture where I'm like, you know, it has to look a little better if that goal is centered and then everything symmetrical and then it looks like this and they're like, yeah, but I'm just messing around. I'm like I
at the beginning that
explains.
Uh
well
good.
The first couple of times they learned that they could put lives on a bucket and then go make a lava flow. They're just burning stuff up and I'm like, this isn't like Hawaii we gotta worry about volcanoes. But I mean, I guess and then one time their mess around lava, why does it make the base for the house opportunity? I don't know. It's like asking for trouble and well nobody's gonna have flint and tinder and set it off. I'm a lava well. And then sure enough will not have touched it. It went boom and blew a crater, decided the mood and they're not there to break. Oh because when it exploded, it shot the ones that are left that didn't blow up yet further into the house, Those ones blew up into blew up and it was just like throwing 20 lighting everywhere and it was it was just like a big hole and I'm like, why? Like what I have in my reports, I was just breaking with it. I'm like
Yeah.
Thank
you.
Your
mother.
Right.
Yeah. It almost definitely. Yeah. White big white cloud that destroys things that like Gasser or goes through something. They've made it, they
made
it to to see what it was and it's like, you know, um I think in the actually Game of Minecraft, it's one of the last boss is much like like a another dragon. I think there's another last boss and that's how you actually beat Minecraft is you have to compute those two monsters and it's like you gotta shoot them, you got a little amount and kill them. And it's like where you can shoot, use the kill command. But again, if you don't know what it is, you can't say kill X. Because you got to know the name of it. So the kids are screaming, there's it's just destroying things. I'm like, you are new stairs. I told you don't. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Because
What?
You know
something?
So it's funny that grand
nieces and my kids may all play and I play
with my mama one out of 20 times just because I'll help like finish, build something for them and then say, okay, I gotta make dinner. Someone else take over for me. And then they play at the end of the day and whatever, they get really stuck with something like how do I do this? I'm like, I don't know, I've
only played for like maybe two or three hours tops. You guys have been playing for months. You should really know this. I like,
well
you're but you're getting it right and yes, different games. This was like a little my level. So I didn't learn this game so I can't help you. And they're like, you knew they take you're playing at my house, they got my ability in time consultant, go outside. Yeah,
so
I can't
read it. I'm going
no.
Come.
Mm. Right, okay. Yeah.
Oh there's nothing that Yeah,
When I heard
I mean
what good? So how you guys being with uh being corny and how you guys are doing important to him that
I
No.
I see. This was one of my fears. Is this credit card, certain people, certain groups are like, oh it's not about that, it's not that bad. You're like, you know what it doesn't sound like. So I think I want this. So let's take all the precautions. You can what happens one like our hospitals because people are sick and they're coming in like it's you know, just be passed around and
then with our schools, if you have two dozen kids in the world, the way kids share life,
like they showed
this, they're they're they're gonna share this and that's the teacher gets it. Now the teachers guys go out, hopefully they're just sick and then nothing bad happens to him. But you gotta get a southern. And what happens is that something, you know, like there's not an infinite amount of subs and teachers to be constantly swapping them out. And that's just one classroom. We're having a distant high school and it takes about 30 teachers in one week.
There there's no way there's 30 subs just waiting for all the problems to be like jumping like. Uh huh.
What kills me is other countries do it as kind of courtesy during the day. So they're just like, we've got a mask up. Okay. Done. They don't care like it's no big this. And we had a couple of people at my work who would do that themselves. They're like, I don't feel very good, but I'm going into work actually wear a mask and some people would say, why is there a message that maybe their new compromised and they don't want to get sick? They want to get other people sick or I don't know. Is that the bills? How are you like, they're just I would never do that now a couple months here. Like do something to do. Oh, a
simple choice.
I mean.
the sounds started to get foot and then it started sweeping westward and you're like, you could just see it like going state by state by state as it was going west. Milk. It's compromised. It's not make believe it's not like that. And you still have people that are gonna see like I want to go shopping. It's like prominence for just helping girls feel like whatever you do at your home is your own business. But those are the people in the world, man. I'm just, Yeah, I don't know.
do that.
True.
They were doing
I
They
wanted
to.
Yeah. Yeah. Just just trying. It's just takes how much as none. It's uncomfortable. Okay. There might be a complicated it's uncomfortable. The doctors have to be in this for 10 to 15 hours a day, Nurses have to spend 24 hours a day. It's like my baby. just as you know, to a golden note, I got a new mass family. It sucks way more for them forever. Well for us, we just got to wear a lot of good. Yeah. People are just crab.
probably around
what?
no,
Draw a little moustache china, you know, get married okay guys with I think if you had just let you know
that
I think they part of I don't want to call my Americanism, but don't do no true oppression compared to other countries who had to fight real oppression or fight real dangerous for their lives were so small world people are just like I don't want to Yeah. Yeah.
The real other countries have to fight just to survive in their streets from oppression from their own government or authoritarians for conflict. You know, like take any country in the Middle East, they live in war zones and they're like, oh yeah, I'm asking. Okay, like were so startled, it's bad that victory where we're at.
I
wait
second.
And
Think
that
like,
like
All
could
thank
you.
That's
what
You know,
like
go
question.
I I remember when they started passing like the most smoking floors and there are some diehard friends of mine who has smoked them and they were like, that's what I want to be a lot of mind, like, well if you can't pay it on and off for being stupid, go ahead. I
get it. You can smoke in the car, you can smoke in the house, you can smoke on the back porch, whatever, but you don't need to smoke a man, a library
or a restaurant. You know, think about other people. They were just like that hard about it. It was like
uh huh, similarly about what they were willing to die on that hill. Uh I want to smoke in that as like not if you're talking healthy piece for other people now, you got to take a step back and to get out of our people and some of those friends finally rented them around, so those friends eventually grid now there uh oh,
this is the same guy with the mass, this is the dumbest so you can do that. And then another one that is ask him about this problem. Yeah.
Right.
I
wouldn't.
Ornament.
Nobody here now cut