SPEAKER_L: mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yes. Yes. All right.
SPEAKER_R: alright,
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: messed with my volume here and I was having some feedback issues. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Is that better? Can you?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's doing better.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, hello? Hello.
SPEAKER_R: So how you doing tonight?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing pretty well. I'm so surprised to actually see you. I don't know how many times you've done this, but this is my um this is my fifth or sixth attempt at having one of these chats. So the first two times my person didn't show up. Um the third time I think it was, we had some difficult, some technical issues. And then the fourth time I actually forgot to check my prolific messages for what I was scared. And they scheduled me like really quickly. Um and so I missed the message and I so I missed the call myself. And so now this is this is great. Finally, have you done them before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've done, I did one and I like on the initial like, questionnaire or whatever, you answer how you're feeling or whatever. And then it goes to the informational page where it says to click the link, I didn't do that and I went down to the very bottom and click the arrows because I
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: thought that I was like, oh, I just click these arrows and it goes, yeah, and I completely skipped my video chat and But I did it again and I spoke with a girl and we ended up talking for like 45 minutes. So yeah, she was, she was interesting. But yeah, yeah, I don't know, it's pretty neat. Like I've never really been the type of person to, you know, just talk to strangers online, so.
SPEAKER_L: right. Me either. So you were talking to someone who does very minimal social media, you know, so that's just not really my thing. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: How did you find out about prolific?
SPEAKER_L: so you know, I was um what was I doing? So I was, I'm a part time, well I haven't done it now since like March, but at one point I was doing, I was driving
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: for lift and Uber and I had had a little college student that I was driving one night and she just happened to mention it. She was talking about side hustles and just the gig economy and she mentioned prolific and I was like really, I've never heard you know? And she talked about, she's like yeah I log in almost every day and this is how I get grocery money was like really um
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and I just remember the name was like, huh? That's interesting, I would like to check that out because what she also said was that so not just
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: the money but um that she
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: really, she had been involved in some really interesting kind of studies and just um just just kind of learned some things and I was like okay well that sounds interesting, I came home and pulled it up and yeah I've been doing it ever since so yeah what
SPEAKER_R: kevin
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: doing
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: it since like august is when I started and
SPEAKER_L: just this august oh okay okay.
SPEAKER_R: I hadn't heard about it before. I was on I was on a website called Reddit. I don't know if you've heard of it, but
SPEAKER_L: I have, I have
SPEAKER_R: yeah, there's a sub called Beer Money and yeah, somebody had posted
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: about it. I like it man. I've I've gotten I've earned probably like, I don't know, see here Probably $450
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: In like three months.
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then my girlfriend, she's been doing it too, so
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh that's impressive. So goodness what did I started, I guess it was like earlier this year that I and then I really wasn't that serious about it at first and I just logged on and said oh this is interesting but then I started and then I kind of forgot about it and then I started logging in and just like okay I think I've made about uh huh about 2 50
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: not to 50. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah yeah it's really neat and I really have just been in some really just
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like oh this is really interesting and especially the ones where they say um you know afterwards. Well um why do you think we're doing this study or why do you think you know what do you think we're trying to learn from this study? Right. Um Just some
SPEAKER_R: And then
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: never tell you. Mm
SPEAKER_L: Right
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: right. But there have been some interesting ones so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I always get caught up in like surveys that last three weeks. It seems like that's where that's where the majority of my money comes from it because it will be like a dollar 50 a day, You know for three weeks and it'll only take like three minutes to do the survey.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Huh. So I did um so I did the one that was time study
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: done that a couple of times. It didn't last for I haven't seen one that's lasted for more than four or five days but that's interesting. Okay
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So what do you do for a living? You still Uber
SPEAKER_L: so I
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: haven't since March so
SPEAKER_R: covered
SPEAKER_L: like yeah
SPEAKER_R: better.
SPEAKER_L: yeah when the pandemic really had um that just became a pretty dangerous endeavor pretty risky to do it, you know before they put in the safeguards that they have now of course when everybody was just still learning about it and just freaking out. So um so I haven't done it since then but I am actually trade the stock market for a living and um and then I've been so I've been doing that for
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: about uh about a year, year and a half and then just doing stuff like Uber and lived and you know side gig kind of stuff to to supplement. So while I'm really learning the markets and and getting better and better so but yeah
SPEAKER_R: I tried to do see whenever Bitcoin and like cryptocurrencies were becoming a thing like really big, you know what I mean? There's all those all currencies and stuff. My cousin like he got me into it and I learned about $5,000 from that but I didn't do too well with like Bitcoin and stuff. Um But he did he did very well with it but with with like the stocks and stuff man, I don't know what I'm doing. And it seems like you buy stocks and they sit there forever and don't move, they like go up, They'll go up like 50 cents and then it'll go down, you know what I mean? Like uh maybe I'm just not doing it, right? But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So are you? Yes and so this is actually like a passion of my nail, like I love it, I really do and so what's really interesting is that I this is like 20 years ago I kind of stumbled into the market and you know I think I was either watching something on tv or some kind of an ad in a magazine, it was like, you know, one of those things where it's like, you know, make millions in the stock market, right? And um so I subscribed to this service, I still actually have all of these materials. This was 20 years ago before the internet um
SPEAKER_R: Board.
SPEAKER_L: was what it is now. And so this is back when, like, they had a fax alert service and they would mail you like these big binders and books, like charts and like hard copy charts and they would come in the mail. Um But I thought it was fascinating then and I made some money and and learned a lot and just didn't even, you know, I didn't even really understand um the bigger picture of like how significant it was and how important it was to be in the stock market. So
SPEAKER_R: War
SPEAKER_L: you know I was I did it for a while, I made some money um But then I had some family emergencies and I had to pull my money back out and then I just never really was just like uh but then I was laid off from a job two years ago and you know I just said you know what, I'm sick of this, like I'm just I'm sick of working for other people, I'm sick of you know my destiny and future being in the hands of of other people and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: um I just I jumped back into the markets but I mean I really approached it so I was so I mean I jumped in like full time like I was I took a physical um class that lasted for a week. I was doing classes online and I was, you know, all kinds of webinars. And then I was reading books and magazines like just just just absorbing, just, just trying to learn as much as I could and, and like and just remembering what I had learned 20 years ago. And it's amazing how um there really is nothing new under the sun. I mean the stock market, like the fundamentals are still pretty much the same and technical analysis is really not shame. Like I've pulled out some of those materials and looked at them and just, I mean I'm looking at like what I've learned, you know, more recently and it's like, wow, this is this is really the same kind of stuff. Um what's, what's different is the internet and the fact that so many people have more access to have access now Robin Hood and you know, so anybody
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: can just, you know, jump online and open an account and start trading stocks without knowing what they're doing. And that really is the because they they're definitely trying to take your money. So um you don't want to know what you're doing and that takes time
SPEAKER_R: And when?
SPEAKER_L: like anything else. It's just you know, you can't just jump in it and just Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: but I love it, I love it. And I am I mean I'm on a mission so I actually want to I want to help to bring more people into the market that they're just people just don't even understand how how powerful it is and how much money is changing hands every day and and how not me, I'm not gonna say easy because it's it's not because it's not easy and it takes time to learn it, but once you
SPEAKER_R: lawyer.
SPEAKER_L: learn it um it's really about mastering yourself more than anything else. Because you know, you can
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: learn the you know how to but it's
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: it's 85 90% emotions. It's mastering your your fear and your greed. Those are the two emotions that that that make the market move in general. Um And so like you can have a plan and you can know like what you want to do and you can have like setups that you're looking for and you can have a strategy. But as soon as price starts moving, it's just it's all out the door unless you can control that, right? And either you're you get afraid or you or your greedy and you do things either way you do things that you're not supposed
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: mom.
SPEAKER_L: do, you don't follow your plan. So um but I love it and I love that challenge that part of it because it really is a challenge. It's more about mastering me, right? But remember I'm mastering myself and really being able to control those emotions and stick to my
SPEAKER_R: No. Oh
SPEAKER_L: my trade plan. So, um
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: so when you
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: say stocks aren't moving for you, so like what, what kinds of things were you trade? Like what kinds of stocks are you trading?
SPEAKER_R: mm um Oil, it's whenever like whenever I got into it, it was whenever like covid first it and like the oil prices were dropping like hardcore and I bought into all of it and then like I haven't checked it and forever because I got tired of looking at it, but like nothing moved for me.
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: And it's like I wasn't losing money because they weren't really going down any lower. But you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So mainly just
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: futures
SPEAKER_R: my,
SPEAKER_L: then, did you try any stocks or was it just like commodities like
SPEAKER_R: I'll tell
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: and?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I don't know. I did the same thing you did like you said, I bought, I got into Robin Hood and I didn't, I didn't get like any ford or anything like that, Apple or anything. I just pretty much just bought into like oil. But my friend, he's like, I can't remember what he was into forex or something like that. And he, he was trying to get me to like join this like group he's in or something, but it just seemed like a multi, what they call it, multi level marketing.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Level marketing. Yes, there
SPEAKER_R: And he,
SPEAKER_L: lot
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: those.
SPEAKER_R: was like, he was like, oh yeah, you know, We'll teach you all this stuff and it's like $400 to get started up and all this. And I was like, man, I'm not paying that like because right now right now like through my work I have um three different pensions and one of them are, I don't know how it all works. I don't mess with any of that. But I know that I can like get onto some kind of app or something, mass mutual or something. I can mess with my finances, but I just let the professionals do it because I'm a,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I don't know, I want to learn how to do that stuff. It's really intriguing to me, but I'm just kind of a lost with it. It seems like I'm going to the casino every time I mess with stocks.
SPEAKER_L: Right. You know what I would tell you a really funny story that I tell people because whenever it's like when I was driving lifting Uber, um uh you know, people would ask me kind of what I do or if I did anything other than that, you know we would get to not talk about the stock market
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: and and and so so if you so granted if you are just
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: jumping into the stock market and don't
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: know what
SPEAKER_R: enough,
SPEAKER_L: you're doing it absolutely is gambling um do you have to know what you're doing to make it not gambling? And I tell people all the time like I'm not a gambler at all like I am so not a gambler. So I went to back in 2015 have family who lives in columbus Ohio and I went to, we had a family reunion
SPEAKER_R: Wait,
SPEAKER_L: and I went up there to to visit them and you know the casinos are up there and I had never been to consider and they loved it like they're just and so like come on come on let's go, we're gonna go like a group of us are going to go to the casino
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: and I was like okay well life experience, something that I've never
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: done, I'll be able to say that I'm not a gambler but okay let me just go see what it looks like when it's all about, let me just see. So I took $100 and I said okay this is it.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: Um and I sat down, it was it was it was it was very exciting and it was very you know things are jumping and the noises and people are you know and
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: I sat down and lost $5
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: boy?
SPEAKER_L: like a slot machine kind of thing and I thought I was going to lose my I was not happy, I'm sitting there and I'm looking around at people, I said what are you guys doing? Like this is okay, I can't I can't handle this, I can't, this is not for me, I'm really ready to go. I tell you what, I'm just gonna go outside and walk around, y'all, you have fun. I can't, the whole chance thing, the part of it uh could not stay in that. Um So, so with the markets, I mean it really is um you've got to have a
SPEAKER_R: Avenue.
SPEAKER_L: plan and you've got to stick to your plan and it's all about trying to basically anticipate where prices going and you're looking for um patterns and you're looking for things to repeat and you're looking and then there is a science to it, there's an art to it and it's, it's like a, it really is like a game,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you know, it's like mastering the game and just learning how to play the game. Um
SPEAKER_R: It's like that for each stock? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yes, it is, yes. Um But you know, when you, so like people will ask me sometimes, you know, so like what do you trade? Like what sector not about sector
SPEAKER_R: One
SPEAKER_L: for me? So it's about price action. So it's about what's moving and so I have with my platform, um you know, I have scans and things that will, so I'm scanning the market, I'm looking for certain things and you know, if if something pops up on my list and it's like okay, then I go and I do my analysis and it's like, okay, well this looks like it, you know, whatever and then you know, you place the trade based on that. But um so yeah, but I mean, I I love it.
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: love it. I really do.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I just, I said I want to get into it, but I don't really know what I'm doing and it seems like everywhere I've looked, they want to charge you like an arm and a leg to, you know, help you out or like teach you what to do. It's like it's just created,
SPEAKER_L: And there's a lot and it's everybody and their mother is
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: on,
SPEAKER_R: don't know what information is good and what is it either, You know what I mean? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: That is that is the challenge because there are a lot
SPEAKER_R: What is this
SPEAKER_L: of, there are a lot
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: of people have like,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: especially on Youtube, but even just on the internet and you know, there are a lot of people out there talking about how you know they've got the best strategy
SPEAKER_R: beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: sense, you know whatever and make a million dollars or make $1000 a day. Like all of that is nonsense. Like don't ever listen to anything like that. I mean it's people who will, you want to find someone who will tell you the truth about the markets who's not and they're not just trying to sell you something and it really is just so anybody who is promising, you know, a set amount of day or guaranteed this or anyone who says it's easy run away from them. Anyone who says, you know, I've had an easy setup that make
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: a million. Yeah. All of that is just bogus, it's nonsense. Um, but there are some actually some good. So I'll tell you there's a, as a resource, it's called, If you look up, it's called wealth wealth 3 65 rob Hoffman who is a like 30 times. Like he's one that they actually have trading competitions, like, like international competitions throughout the world. And he's one like 30 of these competitions, like he's one of the most, you know, like decorated folks, but he actually does a summit every quarter. And so we just, we just had one, I actually, I log in every quarter II register it's free. Um, and so you can actually listen to and see you can learn so much. Like even even me kind of knowing what I'm doing to a degree,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: still trying to get to, you know, a higher level. But um, you know, I go in and I listen, I look and see like who's on the schedule.
SPEAKER_R: that's the problem.
SPEAKER_L: I go and listen, but you've got like tons of people, like folks who've been in the industry for a really long time who have strategies
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: and it's like I have a mentor who told me once like it
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: all works right. There's there's not one person who has the strategy or you know, there's not a, you know, it's like it all works at some point or another
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: in time. Um You have to find like the strategies that really are best for you and your your risk tolerance and just, you know, how much money, like how um small
SPEAKER_R: Everyone
SPEAKER_L: or larger account is and just have what you're interested in doing. Um But the good thing about this summit is that um you go in and they have like lists of, look, it's a whole week. So like for five
SPEAKER_R: Want
SPEAKER_L: or six
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: days um every quarter, they just have people who are presenting and who are, you know, talking about their strategies, they may have some indicators that they're selling. They may have like whatever the program is. But the good thing about it is that you get to you can learn a lot just from listening to these folks and you don't have to buy anything, so you can just listen to the presentations and kind of learn some things, take notes. Even some of them will give you like free trials. You know, you can try their like a program for seven days free or 14 days free or even 30 days free. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: but you can learn a lot just by listening and that, you know, that that's just a time investment, but it's that's that's a really good summit. That's that's some really good information, some people who really know what they're doing. So I would be one recommendation for you.
SPEAKER_R: So if you don't want to be asking, what do you make like a year off trading stocks?
SPEAKER_L: Mm So I mean, so I'm just really getting back into it. So like I can tell you. So I started, I was laid off from my job in august of 2018 and so I started like that, that like right there. So I think I was laid off on august
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: 7th and on the ninth I had subscribed
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: to a, to a program to learn how to trade stocks. Um
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: and that's
SPEAKER_R: is me.
SPEAKER_L: kind of where the well to relearn or to just remind myself of like
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: what I had learned 20 years ago and just to learn the technology and just like what had changed. Um, and so I spent like four or five months just really just just immersed in, you know, like I said, you know classes, webinars, books, magazines, anything I could find, I'm just, you know anything I'm just like Youtube, there's some good resources resources on Youtube too, the ones who
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: aren't promising like $1000 a day, there are a few good ones. Um And so I started uh in 2019 and I started with what's considered a small account. I mean you know if if you don't have, if you don't have at least $25,000 to open an account. Everything other than that is a small account, anything under that is considered a small account. So I started with like 12 5 and um which is a small account. Um And I started actually I was focusing on penny stocks initially. So um and there was this this guy who's actually, he's, he's on the up and up. So he, his name is Jason Bond and he he believes
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: in transparency and he will actually like, he's like you trade right along with him. And so he's literally showing you his account, he's showing you his trades, you know, so he sends, and he's a pretty good teacher. He was an elementary school teacher. That's what they say anyway. That could be alive. But, but the good thing about him is that he's, he's transparent so he will actually show you a lot of these folks who claim that they're traitors and that they're actually really doing it are not doing it. And so you
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: want to
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: find someone as well who is willing to show you their results, who's willing to show you their trades, you know, show you their account even. Um, and only a few will do that. So you want to try to find those. But so I started small and just built my way up. I didn't even do a margin account at that point because I just wanted to kind of ease into it. So, um, it has taken me now, um, it took me about a year. So I was up and down. I mean, I've made thousands of dollars over the last year and I've given thousands of dollars back to the market, right? So, so for about a year
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I was in the up and down phase and everybody goes through it. I mean, like one of the worst things that can happen to you is that you jump into the market, you put on a trade and you make money on your first trade because then you think you're invincible and you think that you, you think, you
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: know what you're doing and you think it's easy, right? So the best thing that you can do is actually start out losing. Like my very first trade was, was, was a
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: loss and it's like, oh, okay. It was a small loss though, and I have this, I have a sign on my wall that says, I love small losses. You want to minimize your losses, but so it was, you know, up and down up and down. It's just now, like I think august august of this year was my first profitable month. Yes. And I've been profitable since then, so since august I've I've
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: been in the black, I've been making profit. I mean I made like $400 today, I made about $1000 last week. I mean, so I don't think so since august, I haven't really, I just kind of know like I'm just going off of like my memory of what I might have to like pull up my reports, but so I'm just now getting to consistent before it was like, oh, a couple 1000 here, A couple 1000 up
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: lost it.
SPEAKER_R: well, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: let's try again. You can't give up,
SPEAKER_R: meaningful.
SPEAKER_L: you know, you have to keep trying because I mean, that's the game that really is the game, so losing is a
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: part of it and you have to be okay with that, you almost have to be detached from money. So it's about, it's about learning the game and it's about the process and being committed to the process, the money will come if you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: can stick to your plan, if you can follow the process. Um So, and that's been that's a daily struggle. And you know, I've got books I've read of, you know, folks who've been in the industry for like 25 30 years and they still talk about how, you know, they still struggle with greed and fear. One of them, I was just reading one the other day and he was like, yeah, I still get out of trades too soon, right? So, so it's the, so that's an ongoing struggle, right? But it does get better and you know, the more you can, you know, master those um those emotions and it just
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: gets better and better and better. So I'm really excited um you know, again, since august profitable and yeah, so this will be the first, so like my uh my tax return for last year, you know, it was just, you know, I had a loss, so I was able to write the loss off. Um But this year, so when I do my taxes for this year, I'm going to actually have to pay some capital gains taxes because because I I've made some money. So yeah, but I'm looking to be, I mean I'm trying to I'm in it for the long haul so I'm trying to, you know um uh So so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: One of my coworkers heat whenever like covid hit, He said he lost like $38,000 or something like that in stocks. I was like, man.
SPEAKER_L: So the thing about that because a lot of people, so it's
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: like when when when massive events like that happened or like the recession of of oh eight and oh nine when stuff like that happens, a lot of people. So
SPEAKER_R: why?
SPEAKER_L: another thing that I tell people do is like 41 case are like one of the biggest financial scams there has ever been. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And what happens is so because you have no control over those accounts and so you know they will put you in these funds and a lot of times those funds are like trash, I mean they're really just just dog funds. Um And they have like tons of like hidden fees and things like that. The best thing for you to do like for retirement, just open your own I. R. A. And manage
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: it yourself. Um And it's not even that difficult. Um So but so my point with that is that like you have no control over those accounts. And so as they go up as they go down like you're just like you're just watching, you're just you're just like you just watching uh your life go by flash in front of you kind of thing. But if you have your own individual retirement account, you can actually manage
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: young.
SPEAKER_L: So when Covid hit because I haven't, so I have I have an I. R. A. Where I have funds for retirement and then I have two or three like active trading accounts. So my I. R. A. Um that I manage. Um I was fine when Covid hit because because I had placed what's called a stop loss or protective orders in place. So whenever I add something to my I. R. A. And it moves up to a certain level, you know I go ahead and I lock in profits so that if price does, you know come back down, you know I'm good, right? So either I'm locking in my profits or I'm gonna minimize my losses. So like whenever you go into a trade, you know like where you want to enter, you know where you want to exit and you know how you're going to protect your money. And so that stop loss that you can put in like as soon as you're going into the trade, you put a stop loss in place to protect your capital. That's it's all about protecting your capital. That's the name of the game. So you should never be in a position where you can lose 38 or anything. You know, we're a small loss, right? So in my
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: Ira I had like all of my positions were we're protected. So when price came down, I was just, it just got me out of trades that or you know, investments that where I had a profit and I was just out of it. And as soon as the dust settled and as soon as I saw the markets, you know, starting to come back up, then you just get back in.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: But if you're not controlling your own money, you can't do that. And that's a part of why it's one of the biggest scams because I
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: mean, and they know that people you know, don't have the time or you know, they know that people, you know, just would rather someone else do it. They know that people are, you know, trust you can't trust cannot trust these people with your money.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Um So so that's really that's that's how you avoid that. You know, I tell people, you know, if if you have a company that uh still offers a match because a lot of companies don't even offer matches anymore, right? But
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: if you're
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: with a company
SPEAKER_R: what life?
SPEAKER_L: that still offers a match um you know, you can you can maximize that, you can participate in that, but you still want to have, you know, your own accounts that you can manage and anytime you leave a job, make sure that you roll that four oh one K. Over that you were getting a match on
SPEAKER_R: wilson.
SPEAKER_L: into your individual retirement account. And then you just kind of manage it and keep on managing
SPEAKER_R: But,
SPEAKER_L: and go from there. So you you're using the money so we're not gonna leave anybody's money on the table if somebody's offering you money we want to grab that up. But but just but only do the minimum, you know just just your minimum to be able to get whatever match there is and then but your goal ultimate goal should be to manage your own retirement accounts. I mean there really is just no better way to do that if that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in a, I'm in a union and they, like
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I said, I have like three pensions, one of them is actually through the union. I remember how it all works, I need to figure it out, but it's like one is actually through the union itself and it's based off of like your work hours, so you pay in so like this pension every hour you work you pay so much into it and then whenever you retire you get like so much out and it's like a set deal set in stone, like that's what you're getting. And then the other one is like uh I can't remember one of them's the mass mutual, I do know that, so someone is like dealing with my money and that and then the other one is um it's like another union based one, but I can't remember how it works, it's like I have to look it up, but The only one that like somebody is actually messing with is my mass mutual one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So they're investing it and do you know like what kinds of fun like have you kind of investigated any of that like kind of how they're doing things? Okay. You have three, you have three with just one job with the same job.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I'm gonna uh it's a union, I'm a union electrician. Uh huh. Yeah. Um a local 7 25. It's I love it, I love this job.
SPEAKER_L: Oh good For you, not everybody can
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: say
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: that. That's fabulous. I've been talking
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: much,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: we tell me tell me tell me about your job
SPEAKER_R: oh like if I don't like the thing about it is um I'm not really like technically forced to work where I'm at, so like right now I'm building a hospital, we've been there since I've been there since august last year and it's supposed to finish, it's supposed to finish up july next year. But um but yeah like if I if I didn't want to be there tomorrow like if I was like you know I don't like these guys are my foreman's a dick or whatever. You know I could just I could just leave and go somewhere else to work and its international too. So I could pre covid I could like go work in Canada if I had a passport or
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: all I gotta
SPEAKER_L: lee
SPEAKER_R: do is I don't have to like I don't have to um fill out an application or anything anymore like once I'm in I'm in its it's it's it's a different process like I call a different local and I'm just like hey you know I'm my name is blah blah blah amount of local blah blah blah you know and they sign a book, it's like a book system so I'm on this book and then if it gets to my name they'll call me,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: they'll say hey you got a job and Utah or whatever you know and then I'll drive out there what? I don't see. But
SPEAKER_L: that sounds great. And then your
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: your transportation
SPEAKER_R: you take
SPEAKER_L: is covered or no?
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: Do you
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: so to get there you have to. Okay but once you get there you have a job. Okay. Okay wow.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: I mean just
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: mean they make
SPEAKER_L: that's great.
SPEAKER_R: they make like you know electricians make pretty good money. That's why I want to like get into stocks and stuff so I could figure it like you said an I. R. A. I don't know I just don't know much about any of that stuff. I never looked into it. It was never it was always intriguing to me but it was confusing so I just kind of backed out and I'm pretty I'm pretty good with math. Like I understand math and stuff but I don't know just It's scary I guess like putting $25,000 and
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Okay but but you don't have to start with that much, certainly you don't, I mean and I tell people you know if you've got $100 I mean you know it's just um just to get started and kind of learn what you're doing. I mean you can you can trade, you can learn how to do it and you can start small. There's nothing wrong with that. There are a lot of people who started with small accounts and you know, um so don't let that be a deterrent, definitely not. Um And you put what you're comfortable with, I mean, and it really is, so to do that, I mean, so, okay, so investing and managing an iron, that's different from trading. So investing, I mean, like you are, there's always risk in the market, but if you're just doing something long term, long term, you can look at the numbers and how it just all averages out, you're going to make money in the markets long term. Now, if you're coming in and out, like I'm doing, you know, so I do I do some day
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: trading, so, you know, I have my longer term investment account, I do some
SPEAKER_R: Whoa
SPEAKER_L: day trading and then some swing trading, which
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: means I'm trading and I'm holding something for at least uh at least overnight. Um up to, you know, a week or two or a couple of weeks or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: what do
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you think? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: you know that's where you've got certainly more risk and it's it's like you know from day to day it's like you know you can literally just watch just like you know you can watch price going up and you can watch that money just adding up. You know you can also watch it go down or vice versa. Um But for longer term investments you certainly don't have to have that large of an account and you just
SPEAKER_R: possible
SPEAKER_L: and just to start managing your own money, there's a lot of information so um investopedia dot com is a great resource um
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: for information. Um And they have like you can do a search and type in anything and they just haven't they do a really good job with definitions of things and just how things were even even strategies. Um So that's a good internet resource. Um And then like I said, the, well 3 65 some it would be really nice for you either, you know, long term investing or, but it just, it just takes time. Like none of us know this, right? I was telling a friend of mine, it's like, you know, my parents weren't sitting around the dining room table talk, reading the Wall Street Journal and talking about their investments, right? That that's not, that's not my orientation. Unfortunately.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: You know, I wish that had been the case. I mean, I had to learn this on my own. Um Most of us do and they don't teach it in school because they don't want you to know how to manage your money. They don't they don't want you to know how the game really works. They don't
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: want you to be informed, right? They don't want you to, you know, they want to keep the working class, the working class. Um So you have to you have to go out and grab this information for yourself. It's just something that's just
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: the way that they've set it up. That's the game unfortunately. But once you, but once you start learning it it's so you know, if you say that you like math, I mean you know, you would probably
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: really enjoy just even learning about it and just how it all works.
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Well I wrote down the well 30 65 investopedia.
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: I'll check that stuff out I'll see what happens I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: good. Oh my. Okay. All right. Well it was nice meeting you. It was nice talking to
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: you. Where
SPEAKER_R: to you
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: where you actually from? Like where are you? I didn't even
SPEAKER_R: I live in the indiana.
SPEAKER_L: indiana. Okay. I'm in north Carolina so,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I've never been there. Last girl I talked to was from California. Pretty crazy. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well you take care of yourself, be safe. It was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: you too.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Thank you. Bye. Bye.