mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yes. Yes. All right.
Hi
there.
Is that better? Can you?
Okay. Well, hello? Hello.
I'm doing pretty well. I'm so surprised to actually see you. I don't know how many times you've done this, but this is my um this is my fifth or sixth attempt at having one of these chats. So the first two times my person didn't show up. Um the third time I think it was, we had some difficult, some technical issues. And then the fourth time I actually forgot to check my prolific messages for what I was scared. And they scheduled me like really quickly. Um and so I missed the message and I so I missed the call myself. And so now this is this is great. Finally, have you done them before?
But
right. Me either. So you were talking to someone who does very minimal social media, you know, so that's just not really my thing. Yeah,
so you know, I was um what was I doing? So I was, I'm a part time, well I haven't done it now since like March, but at one point I was doing, I was driving
for lift and Uber and I had had a little college student that I was driving one night and she just happened to mention it. She was talking about side hustles and just the gig economy and she mentioned prolific and I was like really, I've never heard you know? And she talked about, she's like yeah I log in almost every day and this is how I get grocery money was like really um
and I just remember the name was like, huh? That's interesting, I would like to check that out because what she also said was that so not just
the money but um that she
really, she had been involved in some really interesting kind of studies and just um just just kind of learned some things and I was like okay well that sounds interesting, I came home and pulled it up and yeah I've been doing it ever since so yeah what
about
you?
just this august oh okay okay.
I have, I have
but
get
out.
Mhm. Oh that's impressive. So goodness what did I started, I guess it was like earlier this year that I and then I really wasn't that serious about it at first and I just logged on and said oh this is interesting but then I started and then I kind of forgot about it and then I started logging in and just like okay I think I've made about uh huh about 2 50
not to 50. Uh
Yeah yeah it's really neat and I really have just been in some really just
like oh this is really interesting and especially the ones where they say um you know afterwards. Well um why do you think we're doing this study or why do you think you know what do you think we're trying to learn from this study? Right. Um Just some
of
that.
Right
right. But there have been some interesting ones so. Yeah.
Yeah.
interesting. Huh. So I did um so I did the one that was time study
done that a couple of times. It didn't last for I haven't seen one that's lasted for more than four or five days but that's interesting. Okay
so I
haven't since March so
like yeah
yeah when the pandemic really had um that just became a pretty dangerous endeavor pretty risky to do it, you know before they put in the safeguards that they have now of course when everybody was just still learning about it and just freaking out. So um so I haven't done it since then but I am actually trade the stock market for a living and um and then I've been so I've been doing that for
about uh about a year, year and a half and then just doing stuff like Uber and lived and you know side gig kind of stuff to to supplement. So while I'm really learning the markets and and getting better and better so but yeah
Yeah. So are you? Yes and so this is actually like a passion of my nail, like I love it, I really do and so what's really interesting is that I this is like 20 years ago I kind of stumbled into the market and you know I think I was either watching something on tv or some kind of an ad in a magazine, it was like, you know, one of those things where it's like, you know, make millions in the stock market, right? And um so I subscribed to this service, I still actually have all of these materials. This was 20 years ago before the internet um
was what it is now. And so this is back when, like, they had a fax alert service and they would mail you like these big binders and books, like charts and like hard copy charts and they would come in the mail. Um But I thought it was fascinating then and I made some money and and learned a lot and just didn't even, you know, I didn't even really understand um the bigger picture of like how significant it was and how important it was to be in the stock market. So
you know I was I did it for a while, I made some money um But then I had some family emergencies and I had to pull my money back out and then I just never really was just like uh but then I was laid off from a job two years ago and you know I just said you know what, I'm sick of this, like I'm just I'm sick of working for other people, I'm sick of you know my destiny and future being in the hands of of other people and
um I just I jumped back into the markets but I mean I really approached it so I was so I mean I jumped in like full time like I was I took a physical um class that lasted for a week. I was doing classes online and I was, you know, all kinds of webinars. And then I was reading books and magazines like just just just absorbing, just, just trying to learn as much as I could and, and like and just remembering what I had learned 20 years ago. And it's amazing how um there really is nothing new under the sun. I mean the stock market, like the fundamentals are still pretty much the same and technical analysis is really not shame. Like I've pulled out some of those materials and looked at them and just, I mean I'm looking at like what I've learned, you know, more recently and it's like, wow, this is this is really the same kind of stuff. Um what's, what's different is the internet and the fact that so many people have more access to have access now Robin Hood and you know, so anybody
can just, you know, jump online and open an account and start trading stocks without knowing what they're doing. And that really is the because they they're definitely trying to take your money. So um you don't want to know what you're doing and that takes time
like anything else. It's just you know, you can't just jump in it and just Yeah,
but I love it, I love it. And I am I mean I'm on a mission so I actually want to I want to help to bring more people into the market that they're just people just don't even understand how how powerful it is and how much money is changing hands every day and and how not me, I'm not gonna say easy because it's it's not because it's not easy and it takes time to learn it, but once you
learn it um it's really about mastering yourself more than anything else. Because you know, you can
learn the you know how to but it's
it's 85 90% emotions. It's mastering your your fear and your greed. Those are the two emotions that that that make the market move in general. Um And so like you can have a plan and you can know like what you want to do and you can have like setups that you're looking for and you can have a strategy. But as soon as price starts moving, it's just it's all out the door unless you can control that, right? And either you're you get afraid or you or your greedy and you do things either way you do things that you're not supposed
to
do, you don't follow your plan. So um but I love it and I love that challenge that part of it because it really is a challenge. It's more about mastering me, right? But remember I'm mastering myself and really being able to control those emotions and stick to my
my trade plan. So, um
so yeah,
so when you
say stocks aren't moving for you, so like what, what kinds of things were you trade? Like what kinds of stocks are you trading?
Who?
Okay. So mainly just
futures
then, did you try any stocks or was it just like commodities like
well
and?
Yes. Level marketing. Yes, there
lot
of
those.
Okay.
Right. You know what I would tell you a really funny story that I tell people because whenever it's like when I was driving lifting Uber, um uh you know, people would ask me kind of what I do or if I did anything other than that, you know we would get to not talk about the stock market
and and and so so if you so granted if you are just
jumping into the stock market and don't
know what
you're doing it absolutely is gambling um do you have to know what you're doing to make it not gambling? And I tell people all the time like I'm not a gambler at all like I am so not a gambler. So I went to back in 2015 have family who lives in columbus Ohio and I went to, we had a family reunion
and I went up there to to visit them and you know the casinos are up there and I had never been to consider and they loved it like they're just and so like come on come on let's go, we're gonna go like a group of us are going to go to the casino
and I was like okay well life experience, something that I've never
done, I'll be able to say that I'm not a gambler but okay let me just go see what it looks like when it's all about, let me just see. So I took $100 and I said okay this is it.
Um and I sat down, it was it was it was it was very exciting and it was very you know things are jumping and the noises and people are you know and
I sat down and lost $5
on
like a slot machine kind of thing and I thought I was going to lose my I was not happy, I'm sitting there and I'm looking around at people, I said what are you guys doing? Like this is okay, I can't I can't handle this, I can't, this is not for me, I'm really ready to go. I tell you what, I'm just gonna go outside and walk around, y'all, you have fun. I can't, the whole chance thing, the part of it uh could not stay in that. Um So, so with the markets, I mean it really is um you've got to have a
plan and you've got to stick to your plan and it's all about trying to basically anticipate where prices going and you're looking for um patterns and you're looking for things to repeat and you're looking and then there is a science to it, there's an art to it and it's, it's like a, it really is like a game,
you know, it's like mastering the game and just learning how to play the game. Um
yes, it is, yes. Um But you know, when you, so like people will ask me sometimes, you know, so like what do you trade? Like what sector not about sector
for me? So it's about price action. So it's about what's moving and so I have with my platform, um you know, I have scans and things that will, so I'm scanning the market, I'm looking for certain things and you know, if if something pops up on my list and it's like okay, then I go and I do my analysis and it's like, okay, well this looks like it, you know, whatever and then you know, you place the trade based on that. But um so yeah, but I mean, I I love it.
I
love it. I really do.
And there's a lot and it's everybody and their mother is
on,
That is that is the challenge because there are a lot
of, there are a lot
of people have like,
especially on Youtube, but even just on the internet and you know, there are a lot of people out there talking about how you know they've got the best strategy
sense, you know whatever and make a million dollars or make $1000 a day. Like all of that is nonsense. Like don't ever listen to anything like that. I mean it's people who will, you want to find someone who will tell you the truth about the markets who's not and they're not just trying to sell you something and it really is just so anybody who is promising, you know, a set amount of day or guaranteed this or anyone who says it's easy run away from them. Anyone who says, you know, I've had an easy setup that make
a million. Yeah. All of that is just bogus, it's nonsense. Um, but there are some actually some good. So I'll tell you there's a, as a resource, it's called, If you look up, it's called wealth wealth 3 65 rob Hoffman who is a like 30 times. Like he's one that they actually have trading competitions, like, like international competitions throughout the world. And he's one like 30 of these competitions, like he's one of the most, you know, like decorated folks, but he actually does a summit every quarter. And so we just, we just had one, I actually, I log in every quarter II register it's free. Um, and so you can actually listen to and see you can learn so much. Like even even me kind of knowing what I'm doing to a degree,
still trying to get to, you know, a higher level. But um, you know, I go in and I listen, I look and see like who's on the schedule.
I go and listen, but you've got like tons of people, like folks who've been in the industry for a really long time who have strategies
and it's like I have a mentor who told me once like it
all works right. There's there's not one person who has the strategy or you know, there's not a, you know, it's like it all works at some point or another
in time. Um You have to find like the strategies that really are best for you and your your risk tolerance and just, you know, how much money, like how um small
or larger account is and just have what you're interested in doing. Um But the good thing about this summit is that um you go in and they have like lists of, look, it's a whole week. So like for five
or six
days um every quarter, they just have people who are presenting and who are, you know, talking about their strategies, they may have some indicators that they're selling. They may have like whatever the program is. But the good thing about it is that you get to you can learn a lot just from listening to these folks and you don't have to buy anything, so you can just listen to the presentations and kind of learn some things, take notes. Even some of them will give you like free trials. You know, you can try their like a program for seven days free or 14 days free or even 30 days free. Um
but you can learn a lot just by listening and that, you know, that that's just a time investment, but it's that's that's a really good summit. That's that's some really good information, some people who really know what they're doing. So I would be one recommendation for you.
Mm So I mean, so I'm just really getting back into it. So like I can tell you. So I started, I was laid off from my job in august of 2018 and so I started like that, that like right there. So I think I was laid off on august
7th and on the ninth I had subscribed
to a, to a program to learn how to trade stocks. Um
and that's
kind of where the well to relearn or to just remind myself of like
what I had learned 20 years ago and just to learn the technology and just like what had changed. Um, and so I spent like four or five months just really just just immersed in, you know, like I said, you know classes, webinars, books, magazines, anything I could find, I'm just, you know anything I'm just like Youtube, there's some good resources resources on Youtube too, the ones who
aren't promising like $1000 a day, there are a few good ones. Um And so I started uh in 2019 and I started with what's considered a small account. I mean you know if if you don't have, if you don't have at least $25,000 to open an account. Everything other than that is a small account, anything under that is considered a small account. So I started with like 12 5 and um which is a small account. Um And I started actually I was focusing on penny stocks initially. So um and there was this this guy who's actually, he's, he's on the up and up. So he, his name is Jason Bond and he he believes
in transparency and he will actually like, he's like you trade right along with him. And so he's literally showing you his account, he's showing you his trades, you know, so he sends, and he's a pretty good teacher. He was an elementary school teacher. That's what they say anyway. That could be alive. But, but the good thing about him is that he's, he's transparent so he will actually show you a lot of these folks who claim that they're traitors and that they're actually really doing it are not doing it. And so you
want to
find someone as well who is willing to show you their results, who's willing to show you their trades, you know, show you their account even. Um, and only a few will do that. So you want to try to find those. But so I started small and just built my way up. I didn't even do a margin account at that point because I just wanted to kind of ease into it. So, um, it has taken me now, um, it took me about a year. So I was up and down. I mean, I've made thousands of dollars over the last year and I've given thousands of dollars back to the market, right? So, so for about a year
I was in the up and down phase and everybody goes through it. I mean, like one of the worst things that can happen to you is that you jump into the market, you put on a trade and you make money on your first trade because then you think you're invincible and you think that you, you think, you
know what you're doing and you think it's easy, right? So the best thing that you can do is actually start out losing. Like my very first trade was, was, was a
loss and it's like, oh, okay. It was a small loss though, and I have this, I have a sign on my wall that says, I love small losses. You want to minimize your losses, but so it was, you know, up and down up and down. It's just now, like I think august august of this year was my first profitable month. Yes. And I've been profitable since then, so since august I've I've
been in the black, I've been making profit. I mean I made like $400 today, I made about $1000 last week. I mean, so I don't think so since august, I haven't really, I just kind of know like I'm just going off of like my memory of what I might have to like pull up my reports, but so I'm just now getting to consistent before it was like, oh, a couple 1000 here, A couple 1000 up
lost it.
let's try again. You can't give up,
you know, you have to keep trying because I mean, that's the game that really is the game, so losing is a
part of it and you have to be okay with that, you almost have to be detached from money. So it's about, it's about learning the game and it's about the process and being committed to the process, the money will come if you
can stick to your plan, if you can follow the process. Um So, and that's been that's a daily struggle. And you know, I've got books I've read of, you know, folks who've been in the industry for like 25 30 years and they still talk about how, you know, they still struggle with greed and fear. One of them, I was just reading one the other day and he was like, yeah, I still get out of trades too soon, right? So, so it's the, so that's an ongoing struggle, right? But it does get better and you know, the more you can, you know, master those um those emotions and it just
gets better and better and better. So I'm really excited um you know, again, since august profitable and yeah, so this will be the first, so like my uh my tax return for last year, you know, it was just, you know, I had a loss, so I was able to write the loss off. Um But this year, so when I do my taxes for this year, I'm going to actually have to pay some capital gains taxes because because I I've made some money. So yeah, but I'm looking to be, I mean I'm trying to I'm in it for the long haul so I'm trying to, you know um uh So so. Yeah.
So the thing about that because a lot of people, so it's
like when when when massive events like that happened or like the recession of of oh eight and oh nine when stuff like that happens, a lot of people. So
another thing that I tell people do is like 41 case are like one of the biggest financial scams there has ever been. Um
And what happens is so because you have no control over those accounts and so you know they will put you in these funds and a lot of times those funds are like trash, I mean they're really just just dog funds. Um And they have like tons of like hidden fees and things like that. The best thing for you to do like for retirement, just open your own I. R. A. And manage
it yourself. Um And it's not even that difficult. Um So but so my point with that is that like you have no control over those accounts. And so as they go up as they go down like you're just like you're just watching, you're just you're just like you just watching uh your life go by flash in front of you kind of thing. But if you have your own individual retirement account, you can actually manage
that.
So when Covid hit because I haven't, so I have I have an I. R. A. Where I have funds for retirement and then I have two or three like active trading accounts. So my I. R. A. Um that I manage. Um I was fine when Covid hit because because I had placed what's called a stop loss or protective orders in place. So whenever I add something to my I. R. A. And it moves up to a certain level, you know I go ahead and I lock in profits so that if price does, you know come back down, you know I'm good, right? So either I'm locking in my profits or I'm gonna minimize my losses. So like whenever you go into a trade, you know like where you want to enter, you know where you want to exit and you know how you're going to protect your money. And so that stop loss that you can put in like as soon as you're going into the trade, you put a stop loss in place to protect your capital. That's it's all about protecting your capital. That's the name of the game. So you should never be in a position where you can lose 38 or anything. You know, we're a small loss, right? So in my
Ira I had like all of my positions were we're protected. So when price came down, I was just, it just got me out of trades that or you know, investments that where I had a profit and I was just out of it. And as soon as the dust settled and as soon as I saw the markets, you know, starting to come back up, then you just get back in.
But if you're not controlling your own money, you can't do that. And that's a part of why it's one of the biggest scams because I
mean, and they know that people you know, don't have the time or you know, they know that people, you know, just would rather someone else do it. They know that people are, you know, trust you can't trust cannot trust these people with your money.
Um So so that's really that's that's how you avoid that. You know, I tell people, you know, if if you have a company that uh still offers a match because a lot of companies don't even offer matches anymore, right? But
if you're
with a company
that still offers a match um you know, you can you can maximize that, you can participate in that, but you still want to have, you know, your own accounts that you can manage and anytime you leave a job, make sure that you roll that four oh one K. Over that you were getting a match on
into your individual retirement account. And then you just kind of manage it and keep on managing
and go from there. So you you're using the money so we're not gonna leave anybody's money on the table if somebody's offering you money we want to grab that up. But but just but only do the minimum, you know just just your minimum to be able to get whatever match there is and then but your goal ultimate goal should be to manage your own retirement accounts. I mean there really is just no better way to do that if that makes sense.
Thanks.
So they're investing it and do you know like what kinds of fun like have you kind of investigated any of that like kind of how they're doing things? Okay. You have three, you have three with just one job with the same job.
Oh good For you, not everybody can
say
that. That's fabulous. I've been talking
so
much,
we tell me tell me tell me about your job
that's
lee
So
that sounds great. And then your
your transportation
is covered or no?
Do you
have
no
so to get there you have to. Okay but once you get there you have a job. Okay. Okay wow.
I mean just
the
that's great.
definitely. Okay but but you don't have to start with that much, certainly you don't, I mean and I tell people you know if you've got $100 I mean you know it's just um just to get started and kind of learn what you're doing. I mean you can you can trade, you can learn how to do it and you can start small. There's nothing wrong with that. There are a lot of people who started with small accounts and you know, um so don't let that be a deterrent, definitely not. Um And you put what you're comfortable with, I mean, and it really is, so to do that, I mean, so, okay, so investing and managing an iron, that's different from trading. So investing, I mean, like you are, there's always risk in the market, but if you're just doing something long term, long term, you can look at the numbers and how it just all averages out, you're going to make money in the markets long term. Now, if you're coming in and out, like I'm doing, you know, so I do I do some day
trading, so, you know, I have my longer term investment account, I do some
day trading and then some swing trading, which
means I'm trading and I'm holding something for at least uh at least overnight. Um up to, you know, a week or two or a couple of weeks or whatever.
So
you know that's where you've got certainly more risk and it's it's like you know from day to day it's like you know you can literally just watch just like you know you can watch price going up and you can watch that money just adding up. You know you can also watch it go down or vice versa. Um But for longer term investments you certainly don't have to have that large of an account and you just
and just to start managing your own money, there's a lot of information so um investopedia dot com is a great resource um
for information. Um And they have like you can do a search and type in anything and they just haven't they do a really good job with definitions of things and just how things were even even strategies. Um So that's a good internet resource. Um And then like I said, the, well 3 65 some it would be really nice for you either, you know, long term investing or, but it just, it just takes time. Like none of us know this, right? I was telling a friend of mine, it's like, you know, my parents weren't sitting around the dining room table talk, reading the Wall Street Journal and talking about their investments, right? That that's not, that's not my orientation. Unfortunately.
You know, I wish that had been the case. I mean, I had to learn this on my own. Um Most of us do and they don't teach it in school because they don't want you to know how to manage your money. They don't they don't want you to know how the game really works. They don't
want you to be informed, right? They don't want you to, you know, they want to keep the working class, the working class. Um So you have to you have to go out and grab this information for yourself. It's just something that's just
the way that they've set it up. That's the game unfortunately. But once you, but once you start learning it it's so you know, if you say that you like math, I mean you know, you would probably
really enjoy just even learning about it and just how it all works.
thanks.
Great.
good. Oh my. Okay. All right. Well it was nice meeting you. It was nice talking to
you. Where
you
where you actually from? Like where are you? I didn't even
indiana. Okay. I'm in north Carolina so,
Okay. Well you take care of yourself, be safe. It was nice talking to you.
All right. Thank you. Bye. Bye.