damn
good. How are you?
I know right? I
didn't realize that 7 30 would come quickly. I
have to, so I'm like, why did I sign up for 7 30? Why do you
think?
Well,
yeah, That was me too. Because I actually went to bed around like 10 and then I couldn't sleep. So I got up and did some work for an hour and I checked my email and I'm like, that's really short notice. Okay.
Like
we could be like a day or something or at least the morning to check my email.
I'm used to, what was
your
name? Nice to meet you and you have, you have kids?
Oh my gosh. But they keep you busy then. Huh?
Different from each other Like some twins are or they?
Yeah. That's cool though. It tends a good age. So they should be in like, Like 4th or 5th grade.
I
work
with Wall.
Well,
Well, and I mean like my friend, she adopted three kids and they're they're just high needs, um they're great kids, but they need that structure, so she doesn't even like they don't have a summer, they just they do things a little bit differently in the summer where they'll do maybe a little less work and they'll take like two weeks to go on vacation and stuff, but but they actually like how they need the consistency and the concrete
days because of just their past and everything, so and they
did so.
mm.
Yeah, and then sticking to it.
I know.
All right.
it's just I I read something the other day, it's like educational triage for parents, like they're just trying to take whatever they can get and put it together and uh
I don't teach, but I'm a guidance counselor, so yeah, I'm really bored well, like I mean it's just different when they're all at home, like I don't know, and I guess that's hard for my position because there's certain kids, I'm like I hope they're okay because there's some really warm families and everything,
but I don't really teach anything, I taught a guidance class, but our school doesn't want to overwhelm the families with specials, so I'm just kind of helping teachers make phone calls to the kids who aren't doing any of the school work, so which doesn't really go anywhere, but
it's interesting.
Yeah,
I mean what what age level do you work with?
you
can
talk
to her because this is like this is it for them, you know like and then they graduate.
What? Mhm. No.
It's
not
wondered
it
hard,
it's just
they don't
want
What?
What
what
are you from? Because you guys are ending early compared to where I am. I live in me so.
we
my um my husband's family is further than that, they're like right on the Canadian border,
they live near Madagascar area so I'm more central maine but our schools usually go until mid june, it's pretty miserable. And so like all of us, I think we're going, our last Like assignment day is June five. I work at a middle school. Um so you can't assign any work past June five. and then the week after is going to be kind of like a makeup week and then the week after that is all the graduation stuff so we are still ending early but we just got late. So it's just and I was kinda nice actually get to enjoy the three months of summer that we actually do have up here. But yeah.
And what is interesting where like my sister lives in Southern Maine in Portland area and they like they're always two weeks ahead of us, but it's only like a like it's a two hour difference from where I am and then from where I am, I live Bangor area, it's like four hours to get up north to the county and then they like they've had snow melt and may still and it's like, whereas we're actually, you know, we're usually pretty done by that so I don't know, I know we debate whether or not to move sometimes because it just it wears on you. Like we didn't like things just started to get green. I'm like, hey it's nana mae.
Pope.
Woman.
mike.
Why?
How
How
cool. I was teased my friend. The one that
is not,
if
you
look,
see I'm wearing like fixing out
this morning.
It
Oh, that's
funny.
Go
Like
one
of my friend, because she lives in north Carolina and um when I was talking to her, she's really close friend of mine and she was talking to her kids while she was on the phone with me and she's like, no, no, honey, don't go outside. It's usually, I'm like, how cold is it? Huh? Tell me how cold she's like 60. And I was like walking around the neighborhood and it was like 45 I'm like, this is so great, it's gonna walk out. So it's like, just make fun a little bit. Well,
Well he still lives in Presque isle area then.
hold
on
hold on. Just a second paper. I'm in a meeting. Remember? Okay. If you don't want to watch it then you can go play. Okay? But I have to do my meeting right now. No, honey, you can pick the next show. Okay. Alright. He closed the door please. I know I'll be done about 15 minutes. Okay, my daughter. Oh you know, I'll be right back.
I think they're movie froze or something. So
did it stop? Don't like Nathan close appeared. Okay. If you're this success over tv. Okay, this is a treat. Okay. Work out a battle this time. I'll turn it off. Yes. I can also turn, I want to like, now you don't have to watch it in a sense, this is a free if you're going to get a I'm not gonna let you guys watch the next okay one. Uh huh. What? You know you got anything sticking for this culture? Alright. Here we go. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. There's a small problem. A big problem. There's a small problem. Okay. Yeah. How right Brooklyn don't turn it off. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Holy cow like the end of the world. I'm sorry
like
my kids are crying she broke the but I have a three and a six year old and she didn't want to watch it. So she turned off the Xbox and my son is like why would you do that? So
we have to take T. V. Well I I gotta be honest we've watched a little bit too much tv since the remote learning but that's the only way like I guess they could play quietly in the other room. But if I'm on a meeting with my my admin and they're like crying in the background it doesn't work very well. So
just
this is their
their time of the work.
So
sorry. I know
I have to leave this so.
before.
What?
I've
I've
been
reading them.
have a stick to it. Like Twizzlers. Twizzlers are bad.
No we like uh well some of my meetings they go for like an hour and a half so they get to if I have a meeting um I usually just let them pick a movie and then I try to just I would love to do a half hour a day. That sounds great maybe when they're older. So some guilt there but when the summer comes around it's gonna be way limited because we're gonna be out so much more so and you're my only meeting today, it's like friday. So it's like I have no other meetings so this is their chance to watch some
tv.
But
Um it depends on the week. This week I had um just a staff meeting on zoom. Um But the week before I had four meetings and
one of them went for like an hour and a half, and I was like oh my gosh. Uh Yeah we had a new student transfer in who's pretty high needs. Um We don't think he's going to be coming to the school because he he might need like um just an outside program. There has been in an outside program because of the intense behavioral issues. Um So we met on him to talk about that and but yeah just it's not realistic with a three and a six year old for them to be on their own and expect them to be happy together and not fight. So Yeah,
but
we
that.
Wait till they fight over girls. Right. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I I don't think I would want to talk to my son. I I think I would want my husband just to kind of take take over. I would talk to my daughter. So but hey, if she's if she's brave enough to say whatever needs to be said, go for it. So.
Mhm.
Yeah.
mm. Quite the contrary.
Well, you're
really because it's like you're almost kind of blurred because of your own emotional attachment with your kids and everything. So that makes it all the more harder to kind of figure out a direction sometimes.
Like my son he's he's in kindergarten and um he's very strong will. But part of part of us wonder if he has some kind of A. D. H. D. Or anxiety going on. It's because of his responses are intense sometimes and I mean I'm a counselor like but like I don't want to I don't want to like because he's so young and I've been told by other like when he was in pre K last year I mentioned to the pre K. Teacher that we were worried about X. Y. Z. And she said he's a boy it's too hard to tell you know with that. And I know that's kind of biased I guess but it's kind of true boys are more like when they're, you know,
pre K.
And everything
and, and
so it's like
it's almost too hard now and being in a position where like I don't diagnose kids, but like um usually by the time they get to middle school, there's been meetings to discuss behavior in everything if there's been difficulty in school. So I'm just kind of like, you know what, sometimes we as parents, we can create our own like stuff in our kids and I don't want to be that parent to just automatically assume, but I don't want to necessarily ignore if he's struggling. So like I've just kind of been, he does go to public school. I've just been kind of just talking with the teacher and not really bringing it up. If there's, if there's, you know something, then then they'll come talk to me about it and then we'll go from there. But if I pursue it, I'm worried that I'm going to self diagnose, knows when there's not and it's just him being strong willed and he walks his way and he's emotional because there are kids that are like that my
sister was a very emotional kid and my I have two sisters and then my other my other sister was um so hyper, you know, and part of me wonders because you know, 10 years back back home for 10 or 15 years, would they have diagnosed her with A. D. H. D. When she didn't need to be diagnosed? I don't know, it's it's hard but it's also hard with more in depth um diagnosis to you know, like autism and everything and that's difficult so and it's so broad like and they don't have the asperger's anymore. They've combined it with just the asd diagnosis, so.
I'm actually not sure. Um
I still
call that there is, even though that's the correct term, but
they
actually autism, high functioning autism instead of Asperger's. Um my uncle has asperger's undiagnosed Asperger's because back then they didn't diagnose, they just said he was, you know, and we're like, well, no, yes, he's on the spectrum, but he, you know, he did really well for himself and everything and um I don't know, it's interesting how even back then they didn't know how to respond to people who are having difficulties. So, you know, they almost like my uncle didn't get any support at all, they just, I don't even know how he even made it through school, so, but he was high functioning like they just thought he was a strange kid and that was, you know
what?
Well
that's too
bad.
Trying
to,
trying
to help
you
understand.
Uh that's tough.
Or
it's
like, yeah. And even like the kind of the poor Hugh mentality because like, yes, they, they have that diagnosis, but they have so much to like bring to life and to offer. And like I had a kid this year who's on the spectrum and he's just, he's just like my favorite. He's so like easy going. He has his quirks, but, and he struggled a lot with his self esteem. Um, and that's why he was seeing me. But like he was just, he's just such a fun loving kid, You know, And I feel like the label of autism kind of blinds who they are as a person in all of the awesome qualities that they have to offer. Like I emailed him the other day, he's in eighth grade. I'm like, hey, how's it going? I just want to check in and say hi. And so he emailed me back a meme of napoleon dynamite going, hey, I, it just made my whole day because he's fine with being like, goofy and silly. His
personality has nothing to do with autism. He's just like, and he's like the type of kid when I go to see how things are going and jim because jim was really hard for him because, um, he felt like, like that perception piece, like they were throwing the ball at me so they don't like who I am. Kind of a deal. And so I went to check on him and jim and he was, he was in a good mood that day and he was there playing floor hockey or something and he grabbed his floor hockey stick. I'm like, hey, how's it going? He's like, I'm good, I'm dancing, you know, these lessons like, you know, not afraid to just to be his silly self, but I feel like that gets overlooked and that's a shame. So
just like my, my friend who has the three adopted kids, she's, I think one ones on the spectrum, one has, um, an emotional disturbance. I I don't know the term, like her son has like three different diagnoses, I don't remember, but emotionally or anxiety has like really, really bad anxiety, like he bites and um and then the other one, the other one is not as severe, but like there's such sweet kids and they're just like really great friends and no, no, no, everyone is different from each other, so it doesn't matter what the diagnosis is, but I I do definitely feel like that gets in the way, unfortunately, so
that must be hard as a
Ready.
Yeah, my uncle, he lives in New Jersey and New Jersey, like there where he lived was kind of like a beach town and there's like, oh, I don't know, 100 and 50 roads on that town and he knows every road in which number it is, and it's like holy cow well, like he his obsession or what he per separated all mostly was he loved garbage trucks. So like, he would always wake up in the morning as a kid and he got all excited that the garbage truck was here, so that's what he did as, as an adult and he has like a retirement and like he's done really well but like because of that, like he he just wanted to know everything about that area where he was and he was able to remember like specific roads even like oh someone so 1 42 over there, she lives over there and she has a really, really fun dog and it's like how do you remember all of this and dates? Like he's insane with dates, it's just incredible. So um he got married to but he didn't, he didn't have any kids, but he did get married. So you know, I think sometimes we we don't think that that's a possibility, but it is, you know,
So yeah. Um
Do you
Yeah. Well and that might, I'm wondering like sometimes how that impacts the student too because like they know that they have it and it's like I don't know how much emphasis, I guess. It depends on the student, but how much emphasis they placed themselves on that. And I think I haven't seen, I'm new in my field, this is my second year at the middle school. I did two years at elementary, but it was only part time. Um, I love middle school. Um, but like, I'm curious to see how, if that's used as like not an excuse, but if it's like, oh, you know, I know it affects their self esteem. But part of me wonders if sometimes if we put too much emphasis on the diagnosis and then they, that's used almost as an excuse for them to actually work through what they need to work through. You know what I mean?
So maybe not necessarily student, but maybe more of the parents. It's just interesting because like the other day I was watching the news and someone, um, they're having a corona virus drive by. Congratulations because a student who was diagnosed with autism, that that diagnosis was taken away because he, I guess he didn't really have it. So he was one kid that was diagnosed but wasn't, didn't really have, it was a misdiagnosis. So they were celebrating that it wasn't his diagnosis anymore, But anyway. Right.
Mhm.
It,
We
we
have
pool,
we have one student who everyone knows he's on the spectrum, but the parents won't won't do a meeting to evaluate him and he's just so behind and it's just in those circumstances, it's like I understand you don't want it to be true and you don't want it to happen, but like he needs help and he's not going to get the help, like, you know, so that in that particular case, it's it's sad where,
you know, maybe when they get to high school and he really struggles because he's in eighth grade and he's only doing fourth grade math and like he just sits there because like, you know, he's, well this year we were able to let him do a before the remote learning. We were able to get a program for him so he could start at the fourth grade level. So he would essentially do his math on the computer. But that costs money for a district. Like we can't, like, the only way we were doing it in the first place is we had a really rough group of eighth grade boys and they were just like, they couldn't, certain ones couldn't be in the classroom anymore. They just couldn't handle being in the classroom because of behavior. And we would make our admin made them have um after meetings and after failing their classes and behavior and data, he gave two of them a half day because they would be the ones in the classroom that would be disrupting all of the other boys. And part of it was I think a bad idea because what we did was we had kind of like an R. T. I. Group of boys stay together and it ended up just being a really bad idea because of the two that were like they would just, well not even crazy, they just oh they were just so devious and so just bad. They
would
just
read
up the
disrespect, oh my gosh it was awful. So it took two of them and we gave them like they got to go to gym in the morning and then they would do three of their classes um online through over like a program and then they would have lunch and then they would go home and they wouldn't interact with any of the other kids, they got to sit together and but they did their work and it was like, hey I get to go home if I finish this and that ended up working. But when we signed up for that were like, oh let's give this other kid this because he's really struggling and even though like not qualified, not qualified but like he's not getting support, we know that he needs help. So but not not every school would do that, you know, some schools would be like well too bad go to class fail, you know?
And it's
like
that's
not
just
trying to
credit
recovery
like
credit recovery.
On.
It
difference
like when
they're young, like I just wouldn't like, and I'm not around my friend from north Carolina. The friend I have, north Carolina is my closest friends. So we're always talking. But she she got them when they were wrong, I think 32 and 18 months and they just totally 180 because they had the support they needed. So it's like, I think parents try to sometimes push, you know, and wait, you know, like me. No,
but I runs different were like, not that he's different, but like he does great in school and then he's tough for me. So in my mind I'm like, okay, it's his strong will and it's him being a little jerk to me, you know, like he is more emotional but like that's kind of what I'm waiting for because if he's different in one setting and then it's on, then he's at home for me. Then to me it's more of like, okay, I need to work on this with my parenting because he's getting away with X, Y. Z. Whereas at school he's actually doing okay, you know, or like he has some moments at school where he struggles, but then he's able to kind of move forward. So is he going to grow out of it or is it going to get, you know, which way is it going to go? So, But
it's
it's difficult.
You're
It's
not
the parent, it's a powerful in 90 subject,
I
think.
Well,
and it's
hard
being, yeah. Well, and it's hard being in the profession that I'm in because like, I mean it all the time. So I'm always thinking about it. So that's what I'm saying. I don't want to self diagnosed. I don't want to diagnose him, especially not to an extent that, you know, so I, I think he's okay. I just, you know, we as parents were always gonna worry about our kids. That's just the end of it. Right. So
Your
place.
The,
No, I
was,
and that's a, that's a real thing. Parents not wanting that that's fed label and
it's like, no, like, like they will fight tooth and nail to like what I don't want them to be different. It's like we're not treating them different though. They are completely like, that's the whole point of, you know, those laws and everything of including all Children and it's not, it's not what you're expecting it. Same with
like counseling,
I'll have parents like I'll mention like, you know, I noticed so and so is struggling with X, Y, Z. Um I was hoping to maybe meet with them a couple of times. What are your thoughts on that? So I don't I don't want students to know that he's going down to the counselor's office and it's like, well actually I walk into a room like this is Roy can you take me for lunch? You know, they want to come and half of them don't care because they get to get out of class, you know, but there is that comfortable reality piece. I get that, but I feel like, I don't know, I don't know. It's like there's very there's parents that are very conflicted because they think they perceive what is going on school looks like this when it really does it, it looks more like this and then they don't, you know, they want their kids to get help, but then they don't want it to look like what they're thinking, it's going to look like and then then the students is kind of in the middle floating like, I don't know, you know? So mom
says
this and
anyway.
Education is hard. It's a hard, like, I I really love my job, I enjoy what I do, but it's I'll never forget someone said it's kind of like she she used the analogy, it's just one piece of the pie, you know, like you have all the things that I love, I love doing and that, you know, we like and then you'll get that one circumstance that's really tricky and really difficult. Or like, the families are, the family is really like unkind and not great. It's the piece of pie, you got sick, you know, you gotta take the pocket and things
and then you got to work through the other thing. But
it's,
it's tricky. I don't think people realize how, how difficult the educational system is now compared to what
it
used to be. It's,
there's more, there's more students with diagnoses and there's more like teachers are just balancing so much and it's hard. It's hard. So
anyway, I I think parents realizing how much they miss the teachers and how much they appreciate them because they have all their kids at home now.
So, and
they realized
this
is
yeah, man. So how warm is it in Virginia right now? I'm just curious because like me and my husband like we, we looked into like the Virginia north Carolina area.
Are you still working? You been thinking at all do you go hiking?
No,
I'm a
point.
Sorry,
go ahead.
Four
you're so lucky. We I mean I'm within a state that has Appalachian trail too, but um so much hard to get out there and we don't have a great window of time to like hike and stuff. I'm kind of a newbie, but like I've been watching those um uh I don't know if you like there's people that will, they threw hike and they post their videos of their way along the Appalachian trail. So like I've been watching like a couple of them over the last couple of years and like me and my husband kind of decided that when we um you know when our kids get a little bit older and were able to leave for like a week or two in the summer and leave our kids with grandparents or something that would really like to go in section hike some of it and everything so Yeah,
I'm
jealous
that.
woman.
That's
it
would never work.
Sorry
go ahead.
Are you guys still mostly like shutdown mode like we're still in shelter shelter in place where we only go out for essential. Um I think we're on like a system just slowly open so like june I think there's gonna be um like certain restrictions are going to be slowly taken back a little bit but it's tough, it's I don't get out much but I miss people you know? So
yeah, in the same boat then.
People
Do you know what your birth date is like? What what do you guys usually start in the fall?
wondering
Oh no, that sounds awful. Yeah, we
go at
the end of august, so I guess yeah,
that
seems
opening
for you.
Oh man. Well you guys have more beautiful weather like you guys have an earlier spring than we do, like, like uh it starts to get nice and main right, right mid May and then into june and so like we have that month, we're kind of stuck in school but like if it was nicer earlier it would be nice to get out a little bit earlier. I guess it gets hot to your Virginia's warm.
So
What?
Right. Yeah. Well, I think I'm gonna have to go because
I'm going to check on my kids and I think you like a survey for there's a 20 minute survey, but I'm really good to talk to
you and
I'm
sorry, what
was
your
name again?
Scott?
It's nice to meet you. Mr uh
lisa
So
go,
I wanted
to tell me,
sorry,
go
ahead.
Do
you
want?
Yeah. Well, part of me wonders if I don't remember what they asked for pre questions, but maybe that's why they paired us because of the education.
I don't
know.
How
do you know?
Yeah. Yeah. We'll see. I'm curious to see what the reasoning for the video conversation pieces, but hey, if they give me 15 bucks, I'll do video conversation like, you
know, I don't do a lot. I'm prolific, but like now and then I'll like, I go through spurts where like I'll sit down, I'll be like, oh, there's a couple surveys and then I'll do them and then like I'll go like three weeks and I'll forget about it and then I'll come back and be like, okay, great. So like, I don't know, it's something extra, right? I don't mind doing survey
that
and
none.
Yeah. Yeah, I did. I started with mturk and then someone mentioned prolific and so I checked out prolific. I do both, but I don't do mturk as much as I used to because prolific is just so much better. Like
I'm
able to get you
get paid
more
and
Being
name
like, I think I only, I've done like 300 hits and I think I need like 1000 to be able to open like better ones. And I'm like, well just do like five or 10 here or there. And then this is kind of a waste of time though. So I don't know. I think mystic would prolific for a little while
because there's
another survey I don't mark.
Sorry,
go
ahead. What?
Well, part
of that I know your time. You know, I'm just kind of doing it on the side just to earn a little bit of extra money. But like, you know, the time that I do have is in the evening and either I don't feel like doing anything or I have other things I got to do. So. So yeah, there's another, I don't know if you saw this one on prolific. There was one um what was it? Mhm. There was a pre survey And like if you qualified, you do journal entries or something for 14 days and you can do it with a spouse. But you can earn up to 30 something $33 per person. They're looking for couples.
But
that
one
day.
Yeah. Yeah. So that one might be pretty good. I am I'm waiting for. I said I was interested in it. I don't know if they're gonna like pick me to do it. But um that's probably this one. And that one were like, like the biggest payout. Like all the other ones have been like maybe I'd get like a $4.01. I'd be like, whoa, coffee. You know?
But like but I'm pretty sad that I spend my money on coffee. But um Yeah, so I'm actually starting to see more like more surveys that actually pay a lot better. So I was like all right. And I don't mind doing videos. This is my first time doing a video though, so I was like, I don't see how this is gonna go, but Yeah.
Well, Cool
Bill.
Yeah. And we went over the time frame because we were
talking
too much about education hopefully
doesn't use against uh
All right,
well you take care. Nice
to meet you.
You
too.
Oh yeah, I know really high.
I'm not sure how to exit out of here
or
fun.
Okay. Maybe I'm gonna click back on the survey. Really? Say what to do. It does keep video chat, browser tab open the entire time. Okay, So I think you can just exit out. All right, we'll
see you later.