at the moment. Uh huh. Yeah, you know, But Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Oh yeah, mm. Mhm. Great. Okay. Oh, okay. Uh huh. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm
Hi, how are you?
Yeah, I can't complain.
This.
No.
I
was thinking that myself uh you know my kids are eating breakfast, my wife is getting breakfast and stuff and I was kind of like, Oh right, I have that thing and
I don't know when they emailed, you but I didn't get my email until like 11:00 last night and and then I kind of went um Okay, uh I guess I'll be ready at 7:30 PM.
Yeah, I brought the same thing with
your
right agreed, like, I'm glad you you actually came because this is like the third time I've had to like, somebody hasn't shown up or something like that and like you finally came so high. Thank you.
I'm
scott.
I do, yeah, I have twins, they're 10 boys,
it's about it's about what you think, it's like. Yeah, yeah.
that depends on the day, honestly, some days they're really similar and then other days they're really different, they both have very similar interests, but in terms of their personalities and sort of how they deal with different situations that can be pretty different, like one's a little more mild and sort of even, and the other one's a little bit more, not mild and even put it nicely.
Yes, ma'am, fourth,
they're
actually,
they're actually home school, but uh but it's been counts as fourth grade. We still, because some folks at home school don't really have a curriculum sort of thing, and my wife and I are both teachers by profession, so
like we have like an actual curriculum that we go by, so uh they don't even understand the concept of of summer vacation because they don't get a summer vacation.
Absolutely,
structure,
structure is super important, it really is like that whole, and I think I honestly work better that way sometimes to like the idea of, you know, what to expect, there's kind of no surprises, you know? Um
and they, well when I was taking my education classes years and years ago, I don't know if they still teach this, but they always kind of stressed the idea of procedures and routines, so like your students entered the classroom and basically they know, okay, I'm supposed to do this and things are gonna happen like that kind of so on moving through it, so
yeah, that's the hard won, and and now at this point we kind of got it worked out well, I say we, but in reality she's the one who handles most of it because she stays at home with them, um, and does some freelance editing and writing and that sort of thing. And I actually still teach in the classroom well until coronavirus, in which case now at,
I mean, if I'm being completely honest with you, the reality is I pretend like I'm teaching from home, but there's really nothing to do.
so I kind of spend most of my day just playing with my kids doing yoga. Like that's it. And that's not a complaint. Mind you, in fact, it's it's nice, but it's, you know, the idea of teaching in quotes is really sort of just non existent.
Absolutely
Absolutely.
Believe
me. I, I know, yeah.
What
I work with seniors, I work at secondary levels. What at what
age
level
do you?
they, they could care less like they're real graduation. Like if we had the actual graduation we were supposed to have was supposed to be yesterday. Uh So they were checked out a long time ago. I couldn't even get them. I set up a form a reform that all they had to do every week because we're supposed to make contact with them every week. So I just figured all right the easiest thing to do is is set up a google form and they can just sort of you know, type in their name and click a button and move on. Well apparently that was too much to ask.
my last week I think I had like six or seven people in each class which are like 25 kids actually responding to just that. Never mind doing the actual work. But just even responding to the survey, the form at that point. And I was like, you know what I I just I give
up
I got
I got nothing. And
truth be known.
I
if
I were them I wouldn't
do it. I mean I got I got to be honest too because we told them if you want to improve your grade, you can do this work. But if you're happy with where your great is at prior to shut down then you don't really have to do the work. So most one were like, all right, well I'm just not going to do it and I'm just going to maintain the b or the sea or the
or whatever I had and I would
have done the same
thing.
You have been cool. My
mom grew up to me press Nile way up next to the Canadian border
now.
my dad always used to say because he was stationed on the Air Force base, presque isle and he always said that there were three seasons uh in that part of Maine, which is, you know, july august and winter, which is fairly accurate. Yeah.
Hi, absolutely. My analog live up in Jamestown new york, which is in western new york over near
lake eerie. So they always get, they just get hammered with that lake effect snow
and they were literally getting snow last week, like
it wasn't sticking, but there was snow in the air in mid May, like now I live in Virginia now, uh but I grew up on Long Island. Um so the, the concept of getting snow even in the air in May is just like
Instinct to me, especially at this point because I've been in Virginia since 93 I guess. Um so I but we're even in a strange thing because I'm wearing a thermal underneath my shirt because it's that cold here and it was yesterday and has been kind of for the last like week and a half
usually were
eight.
I know
right. Compared to you. Compared
to
your
reference of coal. Nothing, nothing.
you'd
be perfectly fine. We kind of have been in like the 50s, which for us this time of year, it's not cold, it's not really cold in the scheme of things, but prepared to where we usually are like tomorrow, it's going to be 80. That's one thing I've never gotten used to about living in Virginia. It's like The the temperature fluctuation can
be insane. I remember one day, a few years ago where I woke up in the morning, this was in January or February. I woke up in the morning and the temperature was around 70°. Okay? It cooled off all day long, Just kept cooling, cooling, cooling starts raining late in the evening, changes to basically ice overnight. And we had a snow day the next day.
So
within 24 hours it went from 72 snow day. And I was like, I just don't even understand
this, how is this even possible? But apparently
it is
so.
No, I can't I can't blame you. It's the whole frame of reference, it's what you get used to because you know my father in law, uh he if it's above like 60, he's sweating profusely. you know? But at the same time like hill, You know, he'll tease me when we're up there in the winter time. And I think it's, you know, really cold when it's like 35 or something.
Well my in my in laws live over in Jamestown in new york. My mom had grown up in presque isle but she doesn't live there anymore. She she's down in Williamsburg in Virginia like right right near the colonial area if you've ever
been
there.
Oh you're fine. Go for it.
Ah you're good. Go for it. No problem.
Oh no, you're absolutely
fine.
The sky is falling.
I know. I
I know
what you mean.
I hear you. Yeah. Well
we
no please
No trust me having having 10 year olds. I completely understand like you're fine. Don't worry about it. Bye now. Yeah. They don't watch
mine, don't watch much in the way of tv but uh if something goes wrong uh it's more of an earth shattering experience than what I kind of just overheard. Uh Your your kids doing minor minor minor even more distraught and part of it is we we really limit how
much they watch their only really allowed to watch like about a half hour a day during the week. Um And on the weekends they can watch the full length movie each day which they have been watching the Star Wars movies. So then we made them light sabers out of pool noodles. So I basically get hit with like a pool noodle lightsaber like on a regular basis. Which but you
wouldn't think
that
would hurt.
But yeah it hurts hurts.
exactly. Yeah. Very similar, yep.
How many
meetings
and how many meetings are you having a week?
Well.
I don't I don't
know
when that ends but uh I'll
let you know if if that ever ends because we're nowhere near that, not fighting beyond their own part either, like They're gonna be 18 and I'm still going to be breaking up fights or something.
Haven't helped me on that one, Like I don't even I don't want to think about it, I haven't I haven't had to have the talk yet, but it's one of those things where they kind of keep saying things that are sort of in that direction and yeah, I'm scared that that's on the horizon and of course it's not a big deal, you know, it's it's whatever, but um still not really looking forward to it at the same time and and my wife is like, I'll do it and I'm like well we'll see what happens. I think it's just gonna be whoever actually gets the question at that time is the one who who answers the question, you know?
It's yeah so she definitely she definitely is. But yeah I'm not looking forward to just uh because um they both have special needs uh ones on the spectrum. Um And then the other one has anxiety issues and A. D. H. D. Um
So their internal sensor is not so great. So um I have I envisioned being out in public and like things just kind of getting blurted out and whatever it be kind of being like uh sorry uh Sorry? Yeah yeah
what can you do? Right? It's just one of those things where
it's different you know like and I feel I think because I always used to when I first started teaching and everything I used to kind of I couldn't understand why people you know why I had kids that had um speech issues and all sorts of emotional issues and fine motor skills issues and everything. Um and I didn't understand why their parents didn't just get them help, you know? Um and now that I'm in that situation, I realize how hard it actually is to get your child help, like how you have to know and you know, I'm an educator, so I know how the system works and even knowing how the system works in this state, in this area, I'm still like getting blindsided by this, that, you know, some other thing, whatever. Um so it's
definitely
absolutely,
it's
absolutely
true.
It's absolutely
true.
Restaurant,
Level, what is it? Level one autism, Is that what they're referring to Asberger's is now level one, is that what it's called? Or
I
different
Yeah, I still call it
that too.
I was
saying that to somebody the other day, it's like now we have all these diagnoses, but um it used to be that it was just like, oh you had this kid um like like a perfect example. I always tell the story of my students is there was a guy I knew he wasn't a friend of mine or anything, I just knew him. Um and he was definitely different, you know, march to the beat of his own drummer kind of thing and he took a bat and a lizard and put them in a cage together in hopes of breeding a dragon. Okay. Um yeah, which of course is not the way it works at all. But at that time we just thought, oh God, that that guy is kind of weird, but in reality now looking back on it, I'm like, he is so obviously all in the spectrum, it's just, we didn't really have a term for it yet. You know, it wasn't something that was really diagnosed yet. It was just kind of like, oh, that person is a little odd or they're, they're socially awkward or those sorts of things. And now it's like we have these actual, you know, labels, uh, for them. But that gets into a whole different thing too. Because, um, one of the things I've sort of discovered is if I tell somebody like I was in store one time and Tommy just had, and he, he has autism. Well, basically asperger's, but so he has this big meltdown in the store and this lady comes over and she's trying to be helpful. No. Well, I love, I like meeting you, you know, but you know, I don't like the way you're behaving or something like that. And I just looked at her and said, yeah, he has autism. Uh And she was like, he does. And I was like, yes. And but her reaction was more like I just said that he had the plague or something like that. Instead of just like, no,
it's it's
just
a frame of reference for what's going on. But she just didn't really get it. And she was an older lady. I don't fault her or anything like that. Um But it was just one of those things where I just it's not something I usually broadcast, but I was just kind of like, I need you to go away so I can try and work with him, you know? Thank
thank
you
for your help.
I I
appreciate
it. But Mhm. I need you to go away, go away so I can try and get him calmed down before somebody like call the police or we get banned from the store forever or whatever
it is. I think that's, that's the thing is, people don't quite get it like, you know, how they are just such widely varying uh degrees
of
these conditions.
Absolutely.
It does.
I do too.
It is one of the things I I actually read that that really kind of intrigued me was that there are scientists out there who believe now that kind of uh that autism asperger's whatever is sort of almost the next, it's almost like an evolution. It's kind of like the next step sort of thing, which I'm not saying I believe in this or, or anything for sure, but it's an interesting thought because if you notice like, or from my experience anyway, people with, you know, somewhere on the spectrum tend to be extremely good at something, whether it's art or engineering or whatever. And it's like if you look at people like Bill Gates or whoever, you know, there are all these people who, who have done these, these amazing things within their particular field who, if you really look at them that they definitely appear like they are on the spectrum. So I think maybe,
you know, maybe I'm just being optimistic as a parent of a child on the spectrum, but at the same time, I do feel like they do have these, um, very special qualities like every child I meet with autism has something going on that really separates them out, uh, from the rest. And that's high functioning autism when it's not high functioning, that's kind of different. But, um, in terms of the high functioning area, there just seems to usually be um something of some sort
agreed.
it's definitely one of those things for
Where it's there's a lot going on that. Well, even people, parents of Children on the spectrum, teachers of guidance counselors and people on the spectrum, it's like, you know, um neither us nor physicians or whatever kind of fully grasp what's going on and the capabilities, but I totally agree with what you're saying earlier about diagnoses and things like that, how it's sort of like pigeonholes them into a particular area, um where they may not necessarily um need to be or whatever. So.
Absolutely.
A student this past this past semester who's, his father is actually um our assistant principal, um and
they have an older son who who's profoundly um intellectually challenged and whatnot. I'm not even sure what his diagnosis is, but the son I had in my class uh is so obviously on the spectrum, but his parents didn't want him labeled as being on the spectrum. So they kept taking him to doctors until they found a doctor that would say he's not on the spectrum. So then he comes to school the next day, walks into the classroom and announces to the classroom that it's official. He doesn't have autism, which is exactly what somebody with autism would do
in the situation. I was just like, I was like, I was like, you're right
buddy,
you
don't you don't
you don't have it.
It is that
feed
off
each
other,
They feed off each other.
I
mean,
our
district
would probably still try and help him in some way, but I don't know that we have a program like that, you know, for him or or whatever. Um
We
try
and go
around. Uh huh. What
was that?
Yeah. You know, I mean we do our best honestly to just try and work around the parents when they're kind of dragging their feet or don't want to. But I mean there's only but so much you can do, you know, because what we don't need their permission to send them out for like small group testing or anything like that. Like we don't need parental permission, but in order to get some of these kids what they really need, we really need parental permission. But I mean, you know, and speaking from experience, it's hard to admit it stinks you know that to
admit that your your kid needs help and you start to think what did I do wrong and everything even though you didn't, it's just kind of your natural reaction as a parent, I think. Um But I mean, you know, my advice to other parents, you know like these parents for the student you're referring to is just you know, suck it up like deal with it. It is what it is. You know, I mean, you know, if you want the best for your kids then you know, and it's a whole expression of you know, you raise the child, you have not the child you expected or even the child you want, you know, whatever or what, you know, it's just like if your child has special needs, then you need to raise that child and help them with those special needs as opposed to going, oh well I'm just going to pretend that, you know, Tommy
doesn't have autism. And
does it
does
No, I think
I mean, I think
you're doing
thing. I think that that, I think that waiting is the is the best thing. Um I mean, what I would say from experience is because you have experience working with students and whatnot. So you see lots of them and you know what really, what these things really looked like. So my, my, you know, thoughts on our, you know, my totally unsolicited advice here. Sorry, what would be do what you're doing? You keep right, keep waiting. Because I know with us, like we knew when there was really something going on. So if you are kind of still
like, you know, it could be this or couldn't be that, whatever, like everything's probably fine honestly.
Because when, when it's not
fine.
we all have
it.
But I, I know like we, I mean, we're talking at age three, we were kind of like something's up, you know, we just we knew, you know? Um So I would say as somebody who works with students, um you'll know if there's actually something otherwise I would just kind of, I I think you're right. I think it's to actually just him being strong willed and boys being boys and and, you know, all that kind of stuff I really do um because I'm not in all instances, but I would say nine
times
at
it. Yeah.
I mean, absolutely. I mean those those of
us who
are those of us who are good ones, do you know? I mean the ones who don't care who don't, you know, worry whatever, you know, I mean, I think that they're kind of not in the wrong, that's not a fair way to put it, but at the same time, I don't understand it. I just, it doesn't make any sense to me um why you would, because we're so discreet about so much, at least in my district, most people don't even know that the other student has something, you know, it's like it's test day and I just kind of either they go out for testing or whatever, they go to the resource room. Um and I just like, you know, nonchalantly walk by their desk, slipped the test on the desk and just walk, keep walking by, like there's nothing, and then a few seconds later they grab the test and whatever else they need and they walk out the door and
nobody's even paying attention, you know, So it's kind of like these parents who think that the child is going to be isolated and all the stuff that used to happen, you know, that's not what happens anymore except in really extreme
cases,
you know? So.
Absolutely.
It's
not
And I think
so
I think
sometimes the parental perception is based upon what they experienced and what they saw happen when they were in school and things have changed so much. So so so very much um That I I understand sometimes why parents um feel the way they do about it, but I always try and explain to them when I'm in meetings. You know I. E. P. Meetings or child study meetings or whatever. I always explain, look it doesn't look like what you think it looks like anymore. You know they're not separated, they're not riding the short bus and that kind of thing, it's just like they're like everybody else, we just put them, you know? And I use weird analogies depending upon what I know the parents do or whatever. But sometimes I'll be like, okay, well, you know, you're a carpenter, what if I sent you to do a job with an electrician tools? Could you do your job? And you know, the guy will be like, no. And I'm like, okay, well then why don't we help give your child the tools he needs, which are a little different than the tools somebody else needs to do the job that he needs to do and it doesn't work all the time. But in a number of instances, parents have been like, that's a good point. You know? And I'm like, yeah, one for me what? I 11 you know, but take the victories where you know,
absolutely.
It's
true.
They
don't,
they don't,
it
Maybe
that
will actually
help,
you know, right. There might actually be a good thing, it's like oh you want to go back to that, do you? Huh. No then let me do what I need to do. Uh huh.
Right now it is 57 outside uh it's going to be 75 today And tomorrow and tomorrow it's going to be 80. Um I mean where I live, I live in the Shenandoah Valley, so in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
I do. I actually uh have you heard the skyline Drive, if you heard of Skyline Drive? It's
basically this road
that
it's this
road that
goes through uh kind of like follows the Appalachian trail almost, but it's in the mountains Uh and it's about five miles in that direction. That's how I have
have mountain views on three sides of my house, so.
I've
hiked part of it
and by part of it, I mean like a quarter of a mile, like
literally a quarter of a mile, but it still counts, It's still set Appalachian trail in a little post, it still counts. Uh
But well that was one of the things when when the shutdown first happened um because we live near Shenandoah National Park. Um And then I forget what we call our I forget what we call our our state uh funded trails up there. Um But we were at the beginning of self isolation, everything was still open. So we were going hiking, you know at least once a week and then they closed that down and we just found out yesterday that they're opening up Shenandoah National Park again. And um so we're actually gonna be able to go hiking uh sometime this coming week um Which will be really nice because we haven't been able to just shut it down and they are doing the smart thing, which is the most popular trails they're keeping those closed, but then the other trails that are kind of less traveled there, opening those back up again for people to actually uh for actually to use. Yeah,
thankful. Yeah, because we were going to start going
to,
okay we have a ski resort
relatively,
we have a ski resort relatively close to us and they have some trails and we were going to start going there because their trails were still open. Um but it's it's a bit of a drive, it's the better part of an hour to get there. Um But we're going to start going there just for the sake of going there right fortunately there opening backups and that we don't have to.
I know what you mean.
Absolutely, yeah, they're just starting to open things up a little bit like last friday um, hair salons were able to open up again, but with lots of restrictions
and other places that are, you know, similar were able to open up again with, with similar restrictions. But um, we're already looking ahead within education, were already looking ahead to next year and what we're gonna do, you know, if we're still closed, which realistically, I think we, we might be, um, you know, not,
um, Because we get out so early, like yesterday would have been graduation. The students are back on
August 5th.
a big
fan
because, and growing up
on Long
Island,
it was always, you know, the day after
labor Day is when you start. So in my mind, that's kind of when school starts. But even in reality at this point, um, by the time Labor Day rolls around, we've been in school for a month already. Um So, but but the odd thing is even though we've been in school a month, it still doesn't feel like the school years really started until after Labor Day. So it's it's odd.
Oh it does honestly
like, like I complain about it, but the reality is by the time we hit august most years it is so hot and humid
that You really can't do much outside anyway. So you might as well have like the nicer weather now where tomorrow it's going to be 80° and sunny. I'd rather be out In that weather than in the 95° with you know, 85% or 100% humidity. Um in August I'd rather be in the air conditioning then and not have to have air conditioning now. So it it feels strange but it works out
likewise.
it
good
to talk
to
you as
well.
A scott. What was
yours again? I forgot.
Thank you. I
isn't it so
weird how
you especially
if you're
and
when you're
in
education you can talk to people for so long and not even know their name, you know,
It's
just
it's so strange. But
I was wondering
that
as well because because I was like a guidance counselor that seems like a strange coincidence, you know, that kind of thing. It's
like, yeah.
Yeah, as soon as you said that I kind of went what? That, you know, and coincidences totally possible. But I'm thinking not so much. Oh
Money's
I mean that's
what we kind
of use it for. Just like the extra you know, things that we wouldn't necessarily um by otherwise, you know, because my wife does prolific too, so I mean, it makes a different,
you know, over the course of a year it makes a difference.
I agree
completely.
I haven't
touched
em jerks
and I did mturk for years. Uh and then I just uh the competition aspect of it just really sort of started to wear on me, like just like trying to get the good hits before somebody else gets them and all that. And I was like, this is stressing me out, you
know, like I, I don't want to do this
anymore.
You
should,
you really should
because
honestly,
I'm up to like 10,000 plus on mturk and it, It takes a long time to get 10,000 plus and it's it's just honestly
the,
I
think my wife actually
filled
that
one out.
now.
I've done it. I've done
of
videos aren't bad. Um I mean, sometimes they videos are they're getting way too in depth asking about, you know, this that's something else. But for the most part, like the videos don't really bother me if they pay well enough. That is I mean, if it's, you know, Two bucks and they want a video, I'm sorry, but no, uh now, $15 and you want a video? That's a different story.
We
did
What What happens?
No, I think they'll be fine. I think that that's what honestly, my guess is probably that's what they were hoping for to see like how to people who don't know each other interact and what the conversation looks like and what the flow is like and all of that. So, they'll probably happy.
well,
we do the same.
Nice to meet you, too, lisa. Best of luck. Good luck. Making sure that
video
is still running on the xbox.
Bye now.
I
think just X
out of the window, maybe.
Hi,