SPEAKER_L: Okay. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hey?
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: Yeah yeah. How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: doing? Pretty good? And you?
SPEAKER_L: Good good. Alright here we go. I got my volume at a good level now, what's going?
SPEAKER_R: I'm going pretty good can't complain. How about you,
SPEAKER_L: Good good, not too bad. Um so I guess we just do this talk for 25 minutes is it? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Pretty much. So where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: Uh From Chicago but we live in florida now. Winter garden florida, so like central. Yeah it's nice, we moved down here three years ago, me and my girlfriend and we like it a lot but it's nice to get out of the cold. Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Washington State. Born and raised there so just been here for most of my life. It's kind of funny that you mentioned that you are in florida right now. The last person I talked to was originally from florida and moved to Washington State. So that's pretty funny.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I've only been watching the State once a couple years ago. I went for the first time I liked it. That was really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's a really fun place. I live in the non evergreen part of the state but but yeah but the rest of it is really beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it was really nice. We're hoping to go back sometimes when everything kind of gets back to normal, like maybe we want to do a little road trip from florida all the way up, hit all the baseball parks and stuff going up and that was our goal this summer. But obviously you know there wasn't a normal summer so things got
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: postponed but yeah it's a goal so
SPEAKER_R: have you been to Mount rainier?
SPEAKER_L: yeah actually just kind of past it and around it though I didn't get to really walk around on it or do anything too much.
SPEAKER_R: You have to hike around. It is very beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I definitely want to. And we had the rainier beer, the Mount Rainier Beer I think it was a beer called Mount Rainier um In Washington. Uh We don't get it here so I thought it was kind of cool to try.
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's a nice state. Um Really hope to go back and do some more visiting and stuff. My girlfriend's got a lot of family that her mom's side is out from there so a lot of cousins and stuff so we have a good reason you know that we have to go back anyway.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah good excuse. That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. So how things going over there? Um
SPEAKER_R: Um Right now they're going way better than they were like a month or two ago when we had the wildfires. Um Yeah yeah it's much better now it's like you wouldn't you would see things that you wouldn't have known that there was a wildfire going on so so I'm doing much better than that. That was that was interesting but um things over here I think they're going pretty good. Uh otherwise you know we're starting to get into that shill now so so just starting to bundle up more, you know I'm grabbing out on my winter clothes and everything
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: hey
SPEAKER_L: cold does it get there? Do you guys have like uh like what's your january like typical with like?
SPEAKER_R: um it really depends from year to year and I think that's just because like I said we live in the non evergreen part it's like a whole day it's like a complete desert where we live but but it's it tends to be for the most part um Pretty cold. I mean it's not like we get a lot of snow but we do get snow and we do get a lot device so.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. I don't know if you get like the nasty Chicago winners or it's maybe a little milder than that because I know the winners there were pretty rough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no I'm sure Chicago has it works.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they were bad. I couldn't take him anymore. Um I liked it there, but I was like these winners, did they take five months out of your life and you know, you just live for the summer and spring basically. So I was like, I'm out of here, couldn't take it anymore,
SPEAKER_R: Um That's too bad,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know it was time to go. It's a it's a beautiful city, but it's so expensive to live there. Um It's
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure.
SPEAKER_L: it's unbelievable how much rent and uh Just parking your car. I mean I parked one of the last straws. I parked once just to run into Jimmy John's and it cost me like 250 just to park the car for three minutes and I was like, I can't do this every day for the rest of my life.
SPEAKER_R: Really nece yeah, no kidding, wow.
SPEAKER_L: they sold the streets to a third party company. So every street in Chicago is a meter. Now there's nowhere to park for free. So yeah, free parking. Any of the like business streets, It's like a thing of the past. So that was kind of like one of the last straw was when you got to pay money every time you want to run into a store and you know, so it's nice down here.
SPEAKER_R: that's good. That's good. I'm glad
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, you know uh you hear a lot of crazy stories about florida florida man in florida people, But we're I we've been here three years and I haven't really seen anything crazy yet. I mean I saw a lot of crazier stuff in Chicago.
SPEAKER_R: Chicago is big city, so I'm sure versus the whole state, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah we're by Orlando, so I think it's pretty tame around here. It's pretty hot. Pretty good people. Um So yeah, how is how's things going with like covid restrictions up there? You guys lock down or?
SPEAKER_R: so we're kind of um kind of a little bit more, we're kind of in between. Most, most things are open again, not everything, but most things are open again. Uh we're just of course taking precautions with limits of we limit the number of people who are, you know, going into started building. Of course everybody wears facemasks. We do have, it is mandatory for us to wear a face mask. It's, you know, it's against the law for not with exceptions to, I think, um old age and um, of course, you know, babies can't wear masks, but but any or anybody with a significant health issue that prevents them from wearing a mask. So, but other than that, everybody else wears masks. So
SPEAKER_L: that's good. Yeah we
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: you guys?
SPEAKER_L: are we wear ours all the time. Things opened up around here, like there's Uh indoor dining is open and bars are open to like a 20% capacity maybe or something like that. But we're not really going and doing any of that kind of stuff for two. We're still playing it pretty safe. Um We go to the beach because I feel the beach is pretty safe. I mean you're outdoors and we can walk the beach and nobody's anywhere near us. I mean um the tourism was way down this year, so the beaches were actually uh we're actually pretty empty, which was pretty cool. Um We're not doing bars, are indoor dining yet, so we do a lot of carry out and just kind of stay home. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel like that's the safest way to go.
SPEAKER_L: yeah definitely. I mean I don't mind waiting a little longer. Hopefully. You know, there was some good news with the vaccines this week which was cool. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I know, I know.
SPEAKER_L: I mean they showed to be pretty efficient, which is good. I think that was the big thing a lot of us are waiting for. So hopefully. Uh It seems like the projections from, I was reading an article Fauci today was saying he thinks like by april like someone like you or I should be able to walk in and get one, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's great, fingers crossed.
SPEAKER_L: I don't. And uh the good thing is like elderly people and nurses and doctors are gonna get at first but you know that's really gonna help you know cut the spread and the hospitalizations down a
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: lot
SPEAKER_R: honestly
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: would rather get have them get first knowing that they're dealing with everyone who's sick.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean you really want them to get because they're the most at risk anyway. Like it would be nice for us but let's take care of them first and then the doctors and nurses were you know at risk every day and then you know guys like us uh me and women like you can go get it. I've been working from home this whole time so I mean I felt pretty safe overall.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know, I've been working from home too. So I I do feel, you know, I I do feel like I've been blessed in that sense versus some other people that work. Um I I feel for people who work in just really congested areas in general, you know, like not just not just hospitals, but you look at places like Costco or wal mart for example, especially especially at the beginning when there was all that, I guess, all that worry and you know we're gonna run out we need to stock up on things and everybody was just kind of in mass coming in and swarming stores.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel so bad for the grocery store every time I go there we've been getting mostly deliveries but I've had to go a couple of times and uh I mean there there every day you got to fill these stressed out. I mean you know maybe not the younger ones, but there's people working there who are like, you know, fifties and above and you imagine they stressful, I mean you can't help but worry, you know, I mean I definitely feel for anybody that's had to go out and like function at work place during this time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no same here same here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's Carrie, I love working from home now. I hope that I could just do this forever. I mean it's you feel like you have more time in life. I mean it cuts the commute out, you
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: know, you
SPEAKER_R: call
SPEAKER_L: don't,
SPEAKER_R: it cuts the expenses from commute to
SPEAKER_L: Yeah the expenses, the time also expenses, I'm just like getting ready every day and uh I feel like you know, I still like if I know I'm going to be on a zoom call, I'm still gonna put an effort in, but thursday is like, I mean, I'm just going on a hat and a T shirt and that's the whole day now as opposed to having the launder and I used to do dry cleaning and route really mean like say that a lot of money during this time, which is, you know, you got to find the silver linings I guess and it's definitely one of them.
SPEAKER_R: yeah definitely for real it's been nice not having to you know no I could have some lazy days where I can be in my pajamas all day and work with that if I wanted to.
SPEAKER_L: it's awesome. And I'll have the Tv on all day and you know, I can't like, just really contrary to hard, but I'll put on like movies I've seen like 100 times and you know, it's, it's getting kind
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: spoiled now.
SPEAKER_R: us
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, I could adjust and go back at this point. I think I'm too far gone.
SPEAKER_R: I think and I hope I hope a lot of places kind of stick with you know if you want to come back you can come back but if you want to work from home you can still work from home you know you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it's saving companies money too. I mean, they said even the tiny expenses like buying coffee for the office or buying paper napkins and all that stuff adds up and they don't have to do any of that. It's a lot cheaper to run a business. So I mean a lot of businesses are going to come around on this and be like, yeah, we don't need an office really. Maybe just a small one for a couple of people. But um I was reading an article about Chicago and they were saying they're worried that that downtown is just going to turn into a ghost town in the next couple of years because they think a lot of those businesses aren't going to need all that expensive office space anymore. Uh So empty offices is going to lead to like troubles for like the restaurants down there so it might create a whole domino effect unfortunately.
SPEAKER_R: I think I think if they made businesses specifically to rent out meeting spaces then they might be able to recover just buying.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's, that's a good way to look at it. Like just don't have a piece. So permanent.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, because, because I could, I could still see businesses being like, hey, we need to get together for this meeting or we need to get together for a team building exercise or something like that, you know what I mean? Sometimes you have your yearly trainings and everything like that, where there's huge crowds, like there's hundreds of, you know, um, employees that are involved and so you could do something, could do something like that, but you just rent out space, so that way, you know that they're saving our money but then they still give somebody else business and then the nearby businesses would benefit from all those people going to attending those meetings and then eating out nearby, so,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, just all about adjustments I guess. You know, everyone's going to have to adjust to the new things are going,
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: so you
SPEAKER_R: all of,
SPEAKER_L: live with family or
SPEAKER_R: yep, yep, um covid right now and expenses, it's a lot cheaper a lot of people just to stay with family and then um you know I'm just kind of helping around the house to um my family's their life has been pretty busy the last few years so I've just been helping out enough when I when I had my grandparents they both passed away now but they were towards the end of their life, they really needed a lot of care and so so I was helping a lot with that and then um And then my sister has a baby too and he's 10 months old so I'm just helping around one again. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: It's nice to be able to be there and help. I mean I the main reason I stayed in Chicago so long because my grandmother was like in her 80s and we're kind of the last family members left. So I wanted to leave a while back, but I was like, I'm not gonna leave while she's still alive and she was stubborn, she wasn't going anywhere. I tried to get her to move down here or even Vegas because I know she likes slot machines a lot and she wouldn't go. So I was like, I'll hang out here and then once you know, once she passed, that's when I started making plans. Pretty much. It's definitely nice to be able to be there for him though.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I agree, I agree wholeheartedly. I don't you know i it was there were some really hard times um taking care of them but I don't have, you know I don't regret it one bit, I'm so glad I was able to be there. I know, I would have regretted it had I not been there, so
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, that's, you know, you have no regrets this way. But the other way around, that's something you probably would always think about to some degree.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, no, definitely.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that's a good thing. Um Yeah, we actually, we we moved down here. We just bought a house like a year ago um right before this all happened. So I mean, we got moved in and then boom, like the whole covid thing, like a couple months later. So
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: consider
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: that a blessing with the timing, you know?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it kind of was because we were in an apartment before this and we just so happened. We didn't know florida when we moved down here. So we rented in the area we heard was really nice, but it turned out to be like a college town And I mean I'm in my 40's and uh everybody living in our building was like young college kids and it was just it just wasn't working for me, it was just nonstop.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure, I'm sure.
SPEAKER_L: I became like the old guy um complaining about noise, which I never thought I would be, but they drove me nuts. These kids like so thankfully we didn't have to quarantine around all of them because I imagine that would have been pretty stressful. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Now for real.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. They were just they were just disgusting, like always leaving her bags of garbage outside their door. And I'm like, I remember when I had my place in my twenties and late teens, I think I was pretty clean. I'd like to thank.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's like, at least if I was too busy to take out my trash, I'd have it in my room, that's that way, it wouldn't bother anyone and then I would take it out later, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And the building specifically says like do not put trash outside because it's florida. I mean it's swamping. We have like we're known for our crazy like species that live down here. I mean, you know, yeah, we have like everything flying around and you're supposed to get fined, but I don't think they've ever enforced it. But yeah, it was, it was rough, but where we're at now is nice, nice and quiet. So um we had a yard, so that definitely helped during quarantine go Sydney hard and swing the golf club or something. I was trying to teach myself how to golf now that I live here and I still don't know what I'm doing. I want youtube videos and I just can't get it. Susan just terrible. It seems like I only hit ground
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: balls. Everyone I see they hit it minds, just rolls on the ground no matter what I do,
SPEAKER_R: Probably much better than what I could do. I've never tried before, so.
SPEAKER_L: I guarantee you'd probably do better. I mean, I don't know what it is. I think some about my arms just don't turn that way, but anything, you know, to try and pass the time. Yeah, it was, you know, hopefully, I think I'd like to look at it like we're probably about two thirds through this thing. So,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so too. I think so too.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah, it's definitely um, and it's a story. We'll tell Grandkids one day,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, for real.
SPEAKER_L: Michael, how surreal it was. You know, remember back in like March when it all first started, like just going to bed at night being like, is this like reel and my sleeping is just like a nightmare is just like
SPEAKER_R: I know, I remember the first time I went to like target wearing a mask and I'm like, should I be wearing a mask even? And I remember seeing this was before we had the mandated order to wear masks, A lot of people still wearing wearing masks at the time. So I was like, you know, am I am I just being like, like, am I being weird or am I being, I'm glad I was, I'm glad it was being safe?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. I was smart getting on the mass thing. You know, a staff. I mean, I don't understand why so many people still have issues with it. Um, people around here seem to be doing pretty well, but we still have those areas, those pockets where like its people were having demonstrations. No masks.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I know, I know. It's like, it's like if nobody told you to wear masks, you wanna be complaining. It's just because somebody says to um like to me, it's almost like the same thing as wearing a scarf almost, you wear a scarf to keep your neck warm and some people do, some people don't, but if it was suddenly mandated that everybody need to wear a scarf, you'd see people, even people who normally would wear scarves, not wear scarves and you know, just just be rebellious and it's, it's like, why?
SPEAKER_L: We just want to push back like some people just want to like push back against anything. I mean you would think everyone will come together on this for the sake of public health. But yeah, it's unbelievable. We still wear ours. I mean I actually kind of like, you know, a couple of mine, I went and got one that like makes me look like a dinosaur. Like it's a big dinosaur teeth and it's kind of fun wearing out to the right places and you know, make it kind of a a fun thing, you know, like two years from now. Yeah, I definitely don't want to still be wearing it, but worse comes worse. I would
SPEAKER_R: And it's like, I can totally be lazy about makeup. I can tell you wearing a mask. I can be just, I can be like, if I, if I if I'm in a hurry to get somewhere and I didn't manage to brush my teeth that morning for whatever reason, I can be like, oh, you know what? I can just wear a mask, brush my teeth when I get back home, so
SPEAKER_L: Just get away with a lot more. Yeah. Yeah. My girlfriend was talking to her mom like a month ago and I heard her telling her she hasn't more makeup since March and I didn't realize it I guess I don't pay that close attention. I was like, well what
SPEAKER_R: Thank.
SPEAKER_L: about me? Like I'm here like to put some on for around the house and but I guess I I didn't even notice anyway, so. But yeah, it's just that that's another thing and probably saves you got his money like
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it really does. It really does. That stuff
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: is a lot more expensive than, hey,
SPEAKER_L: it's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: it is really ridiculous. So I I just just for prices sake, I usually avoid it when I can and then I just put it on when I'm actually going out to somewhere like to a nice place.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I mean pair cuts save a lot of money on hair coats, some silver lining I guess, you know, as long as you put that money towards something, we I put mine aside. I'm hoping to take a good trip when this is all over.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No, I I I I agree. I agree. I think that a lot of people are due for a trip after Covid finally it settles you know?
SPEAKER_L: and hopefully travel will be kind of cheap I think for about a year. So because it's going to, some people are gonna slowly go back you know and feel comfortable. So probably some good deals on next summer I'm thinking I mean there's good
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: deals now.
SPEAKER_R: I hope so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah definitely. I mean I know there's good deals now but I mean I just don't feel right going places yet. But I know Vegas was doing like round trip Flights for $49. So I mean that's pretty cheap.
SPEAKER_R: That is super cheap.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because normally from Florida Vegas you're looking at like at least 250 I think round trip it's more
SPEAKER_R: That's about
SPEAKER_L: of an expensive flight. So $40, it's really cheap but I'm not going to Vegas right now. I mean I just wouldn't feel comfortable. Seems
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like, yeah I'm really sorry.
SPEAKER_R: oh I was just going to say I agree. For the most part I'm I am going to be um I'm going to be going at the end of um january early february to um uh Washington D. C. With a few friends. This was something we planned like months ago, months ago. Like I think pre covid time um that we had it planned and we already had bought the tickets and everything. So we're just gonna be we're just gonna be everything. So so we're going to be of course wear masks and keep distance and hopefully hopefully by that time two things will be even better. I know I know some places have been talking about possibly getting worse though so we'll have to keep, I need to keep in touch with my friends and kind of see what, how that goes, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I see I would do that. I mean I think I would worry more about Vegas just because it's so you know um everyone's gonna be congregating inside the clubs or the casinos and I think Washington D. C. They're gonna be taking a lot of measures and you'll probably be safe with that. I mean by then I would hope, I mean january you got a couple of months already.
SPEAKER_R: and I think most of our activities were going to be outdoor activities anyway, so it wasn't gonna be like, you know, so much being inside and crowded or crowded areas, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: I would think that's a lot safer than Vegas. Um We went up to Chicago in the first week of october we drove there because my girlfriend is starting to go crazy just from not seeing her family for so long. She hadn't seen him in like eight months. I'm like let's just stay home for two weeks. Will quarantine will drive up will be super safe you can see them and then we'll come back. So I mean we felt totally safe doing that the whole way up and it seems most people all the way every state we went through were pretty compliant and pretty safe. So
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: I mean yeah it's definitely you know, you can do things um get out there uh just I mean as long as you take care of yourself, you know, just hope the best from everyone else.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, no, for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But yeah definitely once this is all over there I'm gonna definitely want to go to New Orleans. I was originally from there and we go every year and I really miss that place,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, so you have to tell me what, what are things to do in New Orleans?
SPEAKER_L: mainly eat drink and go see bands, play,
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: go see music and then um
SPEAKER_R: sounds like fun.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's the bulk of the trip but also like going around and just seeing all the cool architecture. Um It's a very unique city, you know, nothing else like it really. So we used to do the tours, like they got a lot of tours that will take around like ghost tours and pirate tours. And then we ended up just like buying a book and now we do our own self guided tour, you could just kind of go through the book and find the locations and just, yeah, you want to go around and see like all the haunted spots and you know, it's got a really rich history with like vampires and vampire stories and pirates and not a really cool like tails and so but definitely eat all the Cajun food and go see the bands play and uh yeah, drink, if you, if you're a drinker, you got a lot of good drinks.
SPEAKER_R: I don't, I don't drink, but I would have a lot of fun with the food there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you could, we have days where we don't drink because you don't want to drink like five days a room, so we'll have
SPEAKER_R: of course.
SPEAKER_L: days where we don't because you won't feel good anymore, especially at my age, but even when you don't drink it's a blast. Um and the music is amazing. You can walk into like pretty much any little spot and there's gonna be a great band plan. And
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: people. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: it's a
SPEAKER_R: And that's, that's
SPEAKER_L: great
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: singing.
SPEAKER_R: number one thing I love when I'm traveling somewhere is that culture, you know, being able to soak it in.
SPEAKER_L: The culture there is amazing and there's so much that the people are great. I mean really just nice welcoming kind people. Um a lot different than if you went to visit Chicago. I mean it's a totally different, totally different personality, very friendly. You'll meet 100 people, everybody will recommend something to you. So just go walk around and talk to people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool. That's cool. I'll have to I have to look into that for the future for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that's definitely a must see city. Um Like yeah I think we just got hit our time. So it looks like it. 3:25.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, I guess we can maybe wait one more minute just in case. So we're like in the safe field, if that
SPEAKER_L: just to
SPEAKER_R: makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: we get dinged. Um So yeah, the best. You don't have a great time on your trip. I hope you get to go
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Thanks. And I wish the best of luck for you and your girlfriend too.
SPEAKER_L: and thank you. Yeah, hopefully we're looking forward to getting out again and doing some stuff. I think we all are. That's you know, live music. I definitely missed it. Um Going to see bands play and there was a big loss this summer.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I'm sure, I'm sure. I know. I feel like most of my summer was just spent looking outside the window.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, same with us. We would do the beach and just walk around. But no concerts. Uh no festivals like, but you know what, it was a learning experience and I like to think that when we do get back to do those things will appreciate it more because we have a little time off. You know, you tend to take things for granted when you get to do it all the time. We'll come out fresh and excited.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So it looks like we're at 12:26 now. So I'll be seeing you then. Like I said, I wish you the best of luck.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you too, take care of stay safe.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks you too. Bye.