Okay. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right okay.
Hey?
Yeah yeah. How you doing?
Good good. Alright here we go. I got my volume at a good level now, what's going?
Good good, not too bad. Um so I guess we just do this talk for 25 minutes is it? Yeah.
Uh From Chicago but we live in florida now. Winter garden florida, so like central. Yeah it's nice, we moved down here three years ago, me and my girlfriend and we like it a lot but it's nice to get out of the cold. Where are you?
Oh I've only been watching the State once a couple years ago. I went for the first time I liked it. That was really cool.
Yeah. Yeah it was really nice. We're hoping to go back sometimes when everything kind of gets back to normal, like maybe we want to do a little road trip from florida all the way up, hit all the baseball parks and stuff going up and that was our goal this summer. But obviously you know there wasn't a normal summer so things got
kind
of
postponed but yeah it's a goal so
yeah actually just kind of past it and around it though I didn't get to really walk around on it or do anything too much.
Yeah I definitely want to. And we had the rainier beer, the Mount Rainier Beer I think it was a beer called Mount Rainier um In Washington. Uh We don't get it here so I thought it was kind of cool to try.
Yeah it's a nice state. Um Really hope to go back and do some more visiting and stuff. My girlfriend's got a lot of family that her mom's side is out from there so a lot of cousins and stuff so we have a good reason you know that we have to go back anyway.
Yeah, definitely. So how things going over there? Um
Hey,
how
cold does it get there? Do you guys have like uh like what's your january like typical with like?
Okay. Yeah. I don't know if you get like the nasty Chicago winners or it's maybe a little milder than that because I know the winners there were pretty rough.
Yeah, they were bad. I couldn't take him anymore. Um I liked it there, but I was like these winners, did they take five months out of your life and you know, you just live for the summer and spring basically. So I was like, I'm out of here, couldn't take it anymore,
Yeah. You know it was time to go. It's a it's a beautiful city, but it's so expensive to live there. Um It's
it's unbelievable how much rent and uh Just parking your car. I mean I parked one of the last straws. I parked once just to run into Jimmy John's and it cost me like 250 just to park the car for three minutes and I was like, I can't do this every day for the rest of my life.
they sold the streets to a third party company. So every street in Chicago is a meter. Now there's nowhere to park for free. So yeah, free parking. Any of the like business streets, It's like a thing of the past. So that was kind of like one of the last straw was when you got to pay money every time you want to run into a store and you know, so it's nice down here.
Yeah, I mean, you know uh you hear a lot of crazy stories about florida florida man in florida people, But we're I we've been here three years and I haven't really seen anything crazy yet. I mean I saw a lot of crazier stuff in Chicago.
Yeah. Yeah we're by Orlando, so I think it's pretty tame around here. It's pretty hot. Pretty good people. Um So yeah, how is how's things going with like covid restrictions up there? You guys lock down or?
that's good. Yeah we
were
are we wear ours all the time. Things opened up around here, like there's Uh indoor dining is open and bars are open to like a 20% capacity maybe or something like that. But we're not really going and doing any of that kind of stuff for two. We're still playing it pretty safe. Um We go to the beach because I feel the beach is pretty safe. I mean you're outdoors and we can walk the beach and nobody's anywhere near us. I mean um the tourism was way down this year, so the beaches were actually uh we're actually pretty empty, which was pretty cool. Um We're not doing bars, are indoor dining yet, so we do a lot of carry out and just kind of stay home. But
yeah definitely. I mean I don't mind waiting a little longer. Hopefully. You know, there was some good news with the vaccines this week which was cool. Um
I mean they showed to be pretty efficient, which is good. I think that was the big thing a lot of us are waiting for. So hopefully. Uh It seems like the projections from, I was reading an article Fauci today was saying he thinks like by april like someone like you or I should be able to walk in and get one, you know,
I don't. And uh the good thing is like elderly people and nurses and doctors are gonna get at first but you know that's really gonna help you know cut the spread and the hospitalizations down a
lot
too.
Yeah I mean you really want them to get because they're the most at risk anyway. Like it would be nice for us but let's take care of them first and then the doctors and nurses were you know at risk every day and then you know guys like us uh me and women like you can go get it. I've been working from home this whole time so I mean I felt pretty safe overall.
Yeah. I feel so bad for the grocery store every time I go there we've been getting mostly deliveries but I've had to go a couple of times and uh I mean there there every day you got to fill these stressed out. I mean you know maybe not the younger ones, but there's people working there who are like, you know, fifties and above and you imagine they stressful, I mean you can't help but worry, you know, I mean I definitely feel for anybody that's had to go out and like function at work place during this time.
Yeah, it's Carrie, I love working from home now. I hope that I could just do this forever. I mean it's you feel like you have more time in life. I mean it cuts the commute out, you
know, you
don't,
Yeah the expenses, the time also expenses, I'm just like getting ready every day and uh I feel like you know, I still like if I know I'm going to be on a zoom call, I'm still gonna put an effort in, but thursday is like, I mean, I'm just going on a hat and a T shirt and that's the whole day now as opposed to having the launder and I used to do dry cleaning and route really mean like say that a lot of money during this time, which is, you know, you got to find the silver linings I guess and it's definitely one of them.
it's awesome. And I'll have the Tv on all day and you know, I can't like, just really contrary to hard, but I'll put on like movies I've seen like 100 times and you know, it's, it's getting kind
of
spoiled now.
I don't know, I could adjust and go back at this point. I think I'm too far gone.
Yeah, I mean it's saving companies money too. I mean, they said even the tiny expenses like buying coffee for the office or buying paper napkins and all that stuff adds up and they don't have to do any of that. It's a lot cheaper to run a business. So I mean a lot of businesses are going to come around on this and be like, yeah, we don't need an office really. Maybe just a small one for a couple of people. But um I was reading an article about Chicago and they were saying they're worried that that downtown is just going to turn into a ghost town in the next couple of years because they think a lot of those businesses aren't going to need all that expensive office space anymore. Uh So empty offices is going to lead to like troubles for like the restaurants down there so it might create a whole domino effect unfortunately.
Yeah, that's, that's a good way to look at it. Like just don't have a piece. So permanent.
Yeah, just all about adjustments I guess. You know, everyone's going to have to adjust to the new things are going,
so you
live with family or
It's nice to be able to be there and help. I mean I the main reason I stayed in Chicago so long because my grandmother was like in her 80s and we're kind of the last family members left. So I wanted to leave a while back, but I was like, I'm not gonna leave while she's still alive and she was stubborn, she wasn't going anywhere. I tried to get her to move down here or even Vegas because I know she likes slot machines a lot and she wouldn't go. So I was like, I'll hang out here and then once you know, once she passed, that's when I started making plans. Pretty much. It's definitely nice to be able to be there for him though.
Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, that's, you know, you have no regrets this way. But the other way around, that's something you probably would always think about to some degree.
Yeah. Yeah, that's a good thing. Um Yeah, we actually, we we moved down here. We just bought a house like a year ago um right before this all happened. So I mean, we got moved in and then boom, like the whole covid thing, like a couple months later. So
as
well,
yeah, it kind of was because we were in an apartment before this and we just so happened. We didn't know florida when we moved down here. So we rented in the area we heard was really nice, but it turned out to be like a college town And I mean I'm in my 40's and uh everybody living in our building was like young college kids and it was just it just wasn't working for me, it was just nonstop.
I became like the old guy um complaining about noise, which I never thought I would be, but they drove me nuts. These kids like so thankfully we didn't have to quarantine around all of them because I imagine that would have been pretty stressful. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. They were just they were just disgusting, like always leaving her bags of garbage outside their door. And I'm like, I remember when I had my place in my twenties and late teens, I think I was pretty clean. I'd like to thank.
Yeah. And the building specifically says like do not put trash outside because it's florida. I mean it's swamping. We have like we're known for our crazy like species that live down here. I mean, you know, yeah, we have like everything flying around and you're supposed to get fined, but I don't think they've ever enforced it. But yeah, it was, it was rough, but where we're at now is nice, nice and quiet. So um we had a yard, so that definitely helped during quarantine go Sydney hard and swing the golf club or something. I was trying to teach myself how to golf now that I live here and I still don't know what I'm doing. I want youtube videos and I just can't get it. Susan just terrible. It seems like I only hit ground
balls. Everyone I see they hit it minds, just rolls on the ground no matter what I do,
I guarantee you'd probably do better. I mean, I don't know what it is. I think some about my arms just don't turn that way, but anything, you know, to try and pass the time. Yeah, it was, you know, hopefully, I think I'd like to look at it like we're probably about two thirds through this thing. So,
so yeah, it's definitely um, and it's a story. We'll tell Grandkids one day,
Michael, how surreal it was. You know, remember back in like March when it all first started, like just going to bed at night being like, is this like reel and my sleeping is just like a nightmare is just like
yeah. Yeah. I was smart getting on the mass thing. You know, a staff. I mean, I don't understand why so many people still have issues with it. Um, people around here seem to be doing pretty well, but we still have those areas, those pockets where like its people were having demonstrations. No masks.
We just want to push back like some people just want to like push back against anything. I mean you would think everyone will come together on this for the sake of public health. But yeah, it's unbelievable. We still wear ours. I mean I actually kind of like, you know, a couple of mine, I went and got one that like makes me look like a dinosaur. Like it's a big dinosaur teeth and it's kind of fun wearing out to the right places and you know, make it kind of a a fun thing, you know, like two years from now. Yeah, I definitely don't want to still be wearing it, but worse comes worse. I would
Just get away with a lot more. Yeah. Yeah. My girlfriend was talking to her mom like a month ago and I heard her telling her she hasn't more makeup since March and I didn't realize it I guess I don't pay that close attention. I was like, well what
about me? Like I'm here like to put some on for around the house and but I guess I I didn't even notice anyway, so. But yeah, it's just that that's another thing and probably saves you got his money like
that's
it's ridiculous.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I mean pair cuts save a lot of money on hair coats, some silver lining I guess, you know, as long as you put that money towards something, we I put mine aside. I'm hoping to take a good trip when this is all over.
and hopefully travel will be kind of cheap I think for about a year. So because it's going to, some people are gonna slowly go back you know and feel comfortable. So probably some good deals on next summer I'm thinking I mean there's good
deals now.
Yeah definitely. I mean I know there's good deals now but I mean I just don't feel right going places yet. But I know Vegas was doing like round trip Flights for $49. So I mean that's pretty cheap.
Yeah because normally from Florida Vegas you're looking at like at least 250 I think round trip it's more
of an expensive flight. So $40, it's really cheap but I'm not going to Vegas right now. I mean I just wouldn't feel comfortable. Seems
like, yeah I'm really sorry.
Yeah I see I would do that. I mean I think I would worry more about Vegas just because it's so you know um everyone's gonna be congregating inside the clubs or the casinos and I think Washington D. C. They're gonna be taking a lot of measures and you'll probably be safe with that. I mean by then I would hope, I mean january you got a couple of months already.
I would think that's a lot safer than Vegas. Um We went up to Chicago in the first week of october we drove there because my girlfriend is starting to go crazy just from not seeing her family for so long. She hadn't seen him in like eight months. I'm like let's just stay home for two weeks. Will quarantine will drive up will be super safe you can see them and then we'll come back. So I mean we felt totally safe doing that the whole way up and it seems most people all the way every state we went through were pretty compliant and pretty safe. So
I mean yeah it's definitely you know, you can do things um get out there uh just I mean as long as you take care of yourself, you know, just hope the best from everyone else.
Yeah. But yeah definitely once this is all over there I'm gonna definitely want to go to New Orleans. I was originally from there and we go every year and I really miss that place,
mainly eat drink and go see bands, play,
go see music and then um
yeah that's the bulk of the trip but also like going around and just seeing all the cool architecture. Um It's a very unique city, you know, nothing else like it really. So we used to do the tours, like they got a lot of tours that will take around like ghost tours and pirate tours. And then we ended up just like buying a book and now we do our own self guided tour, you could just kind of go through the book and find the locations and just, yeah, you want to go around and see like all the haunted spots and you know, it's got a really rich history with like vampires and vampire stories and pirates and not a really cool like tails and so but definitely eat all the Cajun food and go see the bands play and uh yeah, drink, if you, if you're a drinker, you got a lot of good drinks.
Yeah, you could, we have days where we don't drink because you don't want to drink like five days a room, so we'll have
days where we don't because you won't feel good anymore, especially at my age, but even when you don't drink it's a blast. Um and the music is amazing. You can walk into like pretty much any little spot and there's gonna be a great band plan. And
the
people. Yeah
it's a
great
singing.
The culture there is amazing and there's so much that the people are great. I mean really just nice welcoming kind people. Um a lot different than if you went to visit Chicago. I mean it's a totally different, totally different personality, very friendly. You'll meet 100 people, everybody will recommend something to you. So just go walk around and talk to people.
Yeah. Yeah, that's definitely a must see city. Um Like yeah I think we just got hit our time. So it looks like it. 3:25.
just to
we get dinged. Um So yeah, the best. You don't have a great time on your trip. I hope you get to go
and thank you. Yeah, hopefully we're looking forward to getting out again and doing some stuff. I think we all are. That's you know, live music. I definitely missed it. Um Going to see bands play and there was a big loss this summer.
Yeah, same with us. We would do the beach and just walk around. But no concerts. Uh no festivals like, but you know what, it was a learning experience and I like to think that when we do get back to do those things will appreciate it more because we have a little time off. You know, you tend to take things for granted when you get to do it all the time. We'll come out fresh and excited.
Yeah, you too, take care of stay safe.