Hello?
Can you hear me
doing? Pretty good? And you?
I'm going pretty good can't complain. How about you,
yep. Pretty much. So where are you from?
I'm in Washington State. Born and raised there so just been here for most of my life. It's kind of funny that you mentioned that you are in florida right now. The last person I talked to was originally from florida and moved to Washington State. So that's pretty funny.
Yeah it's a really fun place. I live in the non evergreen part of the state but but yeah but the rest of it is really beautiful.
and
I
mean
have you been to Mount rainier?
You have to hike around. It is very beautiful.
yeah yeah that's cool.
Yeah. Yeah good excuse. That's cool.
Um Right now they're going way better than they were like a month or two ago when we had the wildfires. Um Yeah yeah it's much better now it's like you wouldn't you would see things that you wouldn't have known that there was a wildfire going on so so I'm doing much better than that. That was that was interesting but um things over here I think they're going pretty good. Uh otherwise you know we're starting to get into that shill now so so just starting to bundle up more, you know I'm grabbing out on my winter clothes and everything
so
hey
um it really depends from year to year and I think that's just because like I said we live in the non evergreen part it's like a whole day it's like a complete desert where we live but but it's it tends to be for the most part um Pretty cold. I mean it's not like we get a lot of snow but we do get snow and we do get a lot device so.
Yeah no I'm sure Chicago has it works.
Um That's too bad,
I'm sure.
Really nece yeah, no kidding, wow.
that's good. That's good. I'm glad
Chicago is big city, so I'm sure versus the whole state, you know,
so we're kind of um kind of a little bit more, we're kind of in between. Most, most things are open again, not everything, but most things are open again. Uh we're just of course taking precautions with limits of we limit the number of people who are, you know, going into started building. Of course everybody wears facemasks. We do have, it is mandatory for us to wear a face mask. It's, you know, it's against the law for not with exceptions to, I think, um old age and um, of course, you know, babies can't wear masks, but but any or anybody with a significant health issue that prevents them from wearing a mask. So, but other than that, everybody else wears masks. So
about
you guys?
Yeah, I feel like that's the safest way to go.
Oh, I know, I know.
Oh, that's great, fingers crossed.
I
honestly
would rather get have them get first knowing that they're dealing with everyone who's sick.
Yeah, I know, I've been working from home too. So I I do feel, you know, I I do feel like I've been blessed in that sense versus some other people that work. Um I I feel for people who work in just really congested areas in general, you know, like not just not just hospitals, but you look at places like Costco or wal mart for example, especially especially at the beginning when there was all that, I guess, all that worry and you know we're gonna run out we need to stock up on things and everybody was just kind of in mass coming in and swarming stores.
Yeah no same here same here.
They
call
it cuts the expenses from commute to
yeah definitely for real it's been nice not having to you know no I could have some lazy days where I can be in my pajamas all day and work with that if I wanted to.
to
have
us
I think and I hope I hope a lot of places kind of stick with you know if you want to come back you can come back but if you want to work from home you can still work from home you know you know what I mean?
I think I think if they made businesses specifically to rent out meeting spaces then they might be able to recover just buying.
Yeah, yeah, because, because I could, I could still see businesses being like, hey, we need to get together for this meeting or we need to get together for a team building exercise or something like that, you know what I mean? Sometimes you have your yearly trainings and everything like that, where there's huge crowds, like there's hundreds of, you know, um, employees that are involved and so you could do something, could do something like that, but you just rent out space, so that way, you know that they're saving our money but then they still give somebody else business and then the nearby businesses would benefit from all those people going to attending those meetings and then eating out nearby, so,
or
all of,
yep, yep, um covid right now and expenses, it's a lot cheaper a lot of people just to stay with family and then um you know I'm just kind of helping around the house to um my family's their life has been pretty busy the last few years so I've just been helping out enough when I when I had my grandparents they both passed away now but they were towards the end of their life, they really needed a lot of care and so so I was helping a lot with that and then um And then my sister has a baby too and he's 10 months old so I'm just helping around one again. Yeah. Yeah
Oh I agree, I agree wholeheartedly. I don't you know i it was there were some really hard times um taking care of them but I don't have, you know I don't regret it one bit, I'm so glad I was able to be there. I know, I would have regretted it had I not been there, so
yeah, no, definitely.
I
consider
that a blessing with the timing, you know?
I'm sure, I'm sure.
Yeah. Now for real.
Yeah. And it's like, at least if I was too busy to take out my trash, I'd have it in my room, that's that way, it wouldn't bother anyone and then I would take it out later, so.
Thank you.
Probably much better than what I could do. I've never tried before, so.
Yeah, I think so too. I think so too.
Oh yeah, for real.
I know, I remember the first time I went to like target wearing a mask and I'm like, should I be wearing a mask even? And I remember seeing this was before we had the mandated order to wear masks, A lot of people still wearing wearing masks at the time. So I was like, you know, am I am I just being like, like, am I being weird or am I being, I'm glad I was, I'm glad it was being safe?
Oh, I know, I know. It's like, it's like if nobody told you to wear masks, you wanna be complaining. It's just because somebody says to um like to me, it's almost like the same thing as wearing a scarf almost, you wear a scarf to keep your neck warm and some people do, some people don't, but if it was suddenly mandated that everybody need to wear a scarf, you'd see people, even people who normally would wear scarves, not wear scarves and you know, just just be rebellious and it's, it's like, why?
And it's like, I can totally be lazy about makeup. I can tell you wearing a mask. I can be just, I can be like, if I, if I if I'm in a hurry to get somewhere and I didn't manage to brush my teeth that morning for whatever reason, I can be like, oh, you know what? I can just wear a mask, brush my teeth when I get back home, so
Thank.
Oh, it really does. It really does. That stuff
is a lot more expensive than, hey,
it is really ridiculous. So I I just just for prices sake, I usually avoid it when I can and then I just put it on when I'm actually going out to somewhere like to a nice place.
Yeah. Yeah. No, I I I I agree. I agree. I think that a lot of people are due for a trip after Covid finally it settles you know?
I'm
I hope so.
That is super cheap.
That's about
And
oh I was just going to say I agree. For the most part I'm I am going to be um I'm going to be going at the end of um january early february to um uh Washington D. C. With a few friends. This was something we planned like months ago, months ago. Like I think pre covid time um that we had it planned and we already had bought the tickets and everything. So we're just gonna be we're just gonna be everything. So so we're going to be of course wear masks and keep distance and hopefully hopefully by that time two things will be even better. I know I know some places have been talking about possibly getting worse though so we'll have to keep, I need to keep in touch with my friends and kind of see what, how that goes, you know?
and I think most of our activities were going to be outdoor activities anyway, so it wasn't gonna be like, you know, so much being inside and crowded or crowded areas, you know what I mean?
that's good.
Mhm. Yeah, no, for sure.
Oh, so you have to tell me what, what are things to do in New Orleans?
Thanks.
sounds like fun.
I don't, I don't drink, but I would have a lot of fun with the food there.
of course.
that's
so
That's
And that's, that's
the
number one thing I love when I'm traveling somewhere is that culture, you know, being able to soak it in.
Yeah, that's cool. That's cool. I'll have to I have to look into that for the future for sure.
Um Yeah, I guess we can maybe wait one more minute just in case. So we're like in the safe field, if that
makes sense.
Thanks. Thanks. And I wish the best of luck for you and your girlfriend too.
Oh yeah, I'm sure, I'm sure. I know. I feel like most of my summer was just spent looking outside the window.
Yeah. Yeah. So it looks like we're at 12:26 now. So I'll be seeing you then. Like I said, I wish you the best of luck.
Thanks you too. Bye.