Yeah. Place okay if you want to him again. So it's step broke writing almost like yeah, everything You go to college and you study that you're going to do about the brain launching the home is just the 2021st. Maybe you gotta reach, You going to do bad that we're in Washington is just 2020. Okay. Household age slim maybe something. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Uh huh Oh my God. Yeah, jewish after heart. Yeah, La que jewish mister stop. Hi. I think I'm obsessed but I'm okay with it. I am obsessed with it. I think that's an obsession that doesn't hurt anyone will think I'm obsessed with you want to see some real, real speed. I think I'm, I'm stretch. You're starting to wonder very, it's like asking a lot to me. It's fine honey. My experience. Oh, and now it's here. Okay. Okay. With my boy. Hey, how many I need to pass certain. Okay man, the top with my titles going six. Cool. And how many do I need to pass? Oh, sorry. Okay. This up with my final scholar. Six. Cool. And how many do not? Uh huh wow. Okay. It was well, yes dominated house. That just makes sense. A piece of banned me from. My uncle's man once used for things like slippers and robe. Now sits in my listeners representing beauty strength and my name about. Yeah. Do yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh huh mhm Really? Okay. Mhm Oh, mm. Hey, good. Uh anyway, you good. Uh huh Oh yeah, they think, come on. I know, you know what that means? Time to get sad say except a good long line of things is 20. What the hell? It's in the freezer. Okay. So I was looking at the forward in my seat and that's weird. Why a battery. My mom really is, y'all a cutting board, wow. So I was looking up what you get. That's what you say. You're lying, Do you? You see it first? What's going on? Is it is it me first? That's when you say you're lying to you? Uh huh. Children person. Uh huh. It's just, thank you. It's just a green light from what existing every company is like, you know, I can do it. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh, joe. Sorry. Okay. Mhm. Do it. Somebody would you he's gonna be living, man. Uh You're terrorizing my Children. They always here because you look at all your passengers, you're terrorizing my Children. They always here because you look at all your passengers. Mhm. What? I think that's an ocean violation musician. That's me. Six weeks. Good. Mm. I don't see the rational faculty. Yeah. Oh, all right. Well, get the fuck away from me, skip it out fucking Yeah. So same rising from her. Thank you. Yeah. Beat it. Yeah. Video. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Oh okay. Yeah. Oh mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Hello?
Oh you're fine. So how are you?
Not too bad. My dogs on the floor and he's making noise so
Yeah. So he's a black lab, Australian shepherd mix. But he looks like a black lab and then I'll be getting a puppy on saturday
golden
retriever.
So
very
excited.
what kinds are they? I mean I don't really know cat breeds all that well, but like what do they look like?
All
We always had farm cats out here and so there was kind of like they come and go but we feed them and stuff like that. Um and then my best friend has two cats and one of them is 19. So yeah,
she got
it from a shelter when she was like I think she rescued her at like 14 or 15 years old and she's still going
I know but I don't know this is super interesting. I've never done anything like this before.
I wasn't up until like today and then I forgot about like I was nervous about it this morning and then I forgot about it and then I remembered because I looked at my calendar for some reason and good thing I put it on there otherwise I would have definitely for.
You
know?
Damn.
And
I
reckon
hopes.
Oh you're fine. I'm used to running studies, so usually I'm on the other end of studies, I've never done one was like a conversation because mine are more like cognitive psychology sort of. So those ones are more like somebody sits at a computer and they hear words and like sounds and things like that. Um But I'm always used to like people either and I work a lot with like university students. So a lot of the times they're like freshman and they're trying to balance their own courses or um or other people that just signed up to get the extra credit. So like a lot of the times they don't show up or they had one person that I like sent them the email that was like, you know, showed and then I was getting ready to leave and they like showed up through the door and I was like, well okay, I guess we could still run it. I
had a
little bit of extra time, so it's all right.
It's always when it gets to like the when you get the email reminder and you're like, oh no. Oh dear God.
no, I feel too. So where are you at? Like in terms of like area of the country, like I'm in the midwest. So
Nebraska. Mm
I just visited there last summer with, because I have family that lives in Pennsylvania. Like all of my family lives in pennsylvania and I went to go visit them. It's just like my parents out here
and like I was born here, but all of my extended family's there. And so one of my aunts decided to take me to new york city for the day.
Um, so obviously we saw a Times Square and I mean it was Times Square. I wasn't exactly like surprised by it. Other than that we went to a few like hole in the wall bars that she and her friends have gone to. Um, what else? We went to the cake boss. Uh like the pastry shop that's in Hoboken because that's,
there wasn't when we went, there was a line when we were leaving. Like there's a lot of people that showed up behind us, but we didn't have to wait very long because we parked in Hoboken and then took the train. It.
Mm hmm. Besides that, I mean just kind of a lot of walking around just kind of seeing, we saw like the statue of Liberty from across the harbor because we were not going to try and go out.
Well, we went to Chelsea, the Chelsea market. So that was fun. Um But yeah, I did a lot of adventuring that you know, we don't have anything like that. Here we have Omaha and that is it. There are two like skyscrapers.
It's
mostly
like smaller buildings. We only have two that are like really tall. Um I couldn't like, I couldn't really spitball how many floors they might be. But I mean they're nothing compared to like the skyscrapers there. But most of them are like, I don't know, maybe max like 10 - 15 floors and then the two really tall ones. But yeah,
there's
so I live in a more rural area. But most I go to school in Omaha and then I also, my work is based out of Omaha. So
I do most of my like everything up there. But
with Covid and everything being remote, I've been at my parents house and we live in the middle of nowhere. Mm hmm.
I haven't minded very much. I mean it's definitely slowed down my work. So I work in research at a research hospital. And so most of what I did was like running participants through the studies. So most like what I've done now is been more of like writing and trying to get some of our other studies into like a remote sort of testing like on prolific and stuff like that and yeah, I've kind of had to take my like tasks for the week and really like I could get them done in a day in like a five hour shift, But I'm like this needs to last me 15 to 20
for the week, so I'm just gonna really trying to read it out. What about you? I know in new york city was like way worse, way, way more stringent like we never shut down, like we had no shut, it was mostly like non essential businesses had the option to close and most of them did just out of courtesy of their workers and everything like that, but we never had like an official like shelter in place, like shut down anything.
more
now,
Well.
No.
No.
Yeah, that's how most of the stuff is here to of like the businesses implementing like the plastic like screens and then some of them switch to like card only, we're not going to touch your cash and like really limited on like touching and like exchanging things. But um practically no one wears masks. Yeah, like I feel out of place when I wear mine when I'm out and about things like that's how few people are actually wearing them.
it's
almost resisted. Nothing is different, like, like there's nothing going on, but at the same time, I don't know how accurate like any of our case reports stuff is because there's so few people living in the entire state compared to like places like new york and anywhere on the East coast really. But do I don't know,
I don't know how like, well it reflects any of that because I think we would have to look at like percentages, but I think they're mostly just looking at cases as a whole. And since there's like, I don't know how many people live in this state, but we're all pretty spread out unless you live in or if you live in Lincoln, those are like the two main cities in Omaha is like the biggest one and so like otherwise everyone else is pretty spread out.
So Yeah.
All
And,
and then my friend and I just went to colorado for like a weekend trip and we just camped like we didn't like go to hotels or do anything like that. And we went to an open air market just one day and everyone was wearing masks. Like I think there was only a few people and they were mostly like homeless that didn't wear masks. But I mean I don't blame them for that. But yeah, it was just the parallel between like there and here is insane because we've been had to tell like she told that to her mom because her mom is high risk because she has COPD and so she was like, it
was insane. Like
here
you're lucky if you seen mm like a couple of people wearing masks if you're like in a target or something. But
I
don't think,
I don't think there's any that I know of that are like you have to wear one
in order to enter. A lot of them have it posted on the doors of like
It's suggested that you wear one and but none of them at least that I know of him. There might be for some like smaller ones but for more
of like you know like food chains and things like that, they're like please wear one if you can, but they don't like kick people out if they're not
wearing one.
so it's mostly
just like walmart. I haven't done at like any other stores where there's like lines of people waiting to get in. Uh
It might
have
somebody at the door with like a clicker, but it's only been at walmart where I've ever had to stand in the line to wait to get in everywhere else. Either we haven't reached the maximum capacity or they're just kind of like uh
We never had it that low
if the stuff's been
open it like we've never had it that low unless it was like a small business or small I guess. But anywhere that's like bigger and the only place about how to stand in the line has been walmart. Yeah.
How
Oh because there's not enough space
where they tried to, they have to like build up and that would, that would work very well.
Yeah, pretty much. That's what it is. It's the worst. Target markets are nice. Where? But it's, it's, they offer the same exact service is pretty much like, you know, there's food, there's clothes and
then there's like, you know,
burn into your household supplies, things like that. But
just like not as nice. Yeah. And usually a little bit more crazy. But what can you do? They got a house change
that. I don't know. And then all my classes in the fall because I'm a senior at the university in Omaha and they're all going to be remote. So that will be interesting to see what happens.
not even
that will be a senior.
So
he made it to spring break which was like March like night through whatever. Um and they actually moved spring break up a week and made it two weeks long so they pretty much let us out a week early, kept it the same length and then after that was like you're not coming back. So it
I will be very upset. I'll be very upset if I have to pay the same tuition right? And I get something like what I experienced for the last half of the last semester because it's not worth my money, but at the same time
the perfect
everyone, they had two weeks to prepare so I don't necessarily the way them for it being such a like for lack of better terms of shit show. But yeah
I lived off campus to begin with. Um They
didn't, they recommended that people leave the dorms if they can but if we have a large like international student like student base and so it's like they couldn't leave then. I mean they left them, they weren't kicking people out but
it was like highly recommended if you have somewhere else to go to go there.
I talked some stories about that to have like they put it in storage and then like either shifted to their houses or just like I said come pick it up and I was like what? Like I wouldn't
want I wouldn't be one packing up my stuff and just being like come pick it up.
I don't know I am happy that like I still have two more semesters. Like I'll have the
fall in the spring so that like hopefully by the spring at least like there might be like, you know, a vaccine circulating or something. Especially for just like going because I still have grad school like I'll have to go to grad school. Um And so in terms of like starting my grad school career, yeah,
ours.
They put out like they sent us an email and they had it like based on classes and they had four options. 11 class is going to be totally alan campus. Just one. I don't know what when it is. I'm assuming like lab of some sort where you cannot do it from home or whatever. And then there was like 800 and something classes that are like a hybrid of half and half. And then there's like another 800 something that are completely remote. And then they had online which I'm assuming is just the ones that were already going to be offered online. Yeah. So. Yeah. But.
that's what the other branch. So our university is three branches along with the U. N. M. C. Hospital. Yeah. Um And so the branch that's in linkedin, they are doing that where they moved the semester. If the start date is a week before my start day, they're doing away with breaks, snowfall break giving like no nothing. And then they're trying to be out by thanksgiving and your
semester is done. I was like I'm happy to at least remote because I'm not trying to shove all of my stuff into those 12 weeks.
With the point then. Yeah they just moved. There's up a week and yeah they're going to be done by thanksgiving but you cannot like
leave.
But that those those campus, the ones in Lincoln are, they're more of a like if the people are going to the school there either staying in dorms or they're living in apartments that are in Lincoln Omaha is much more of a commuter campus where people are coming in.
So
I mean it makes their sense and ours they're in different counties and so one county has I think it's the one that Lincoln's Inn has worse like cases her like within that county. And so I think that's why they also are doing it differently than we are.
because
we
we don't have like we have dorms but there's nowhere near enough to try to help like everyone. And then what else, there's no real like rentable space that's close to the campus. Uh
No. Yeah, there's like it the one campuses right off of Dodge Street which is like one of the main roads and so it's mostly just like businesses off of it. And then um there's the dorms on that campus and then there's the dorms on the campus that's like immediately like south of block. Um and there's really like no other space because all of the like houses that are around that southern campus are like people's homes, like it's not like it's
not
like they're like rentable or anything
like that, it's like legitimately people live there, it's like family homes.
So. Yeah, a lot of our spaces like compared to New york city where everything goes up, ours is one sprawled out rather than building up.
nine. I would say like 90% of people drive, like it's nothing compared. And then our public transit. Oh my God.
Even as a joke, so there's like the downtown of Omaha which is super, super small. It's like probably like uh I don't want to like under exaggerated but like It's probably only like 10 blocks
downtown area and the bus stops for downtown are really like frequent. They're good but then they don't really sprawl out all that far. So we're the ones that do, it's like you have two buses better. Like make you feel like your bus trip is way longer than it needs to be if you take the bus and we don't have a train system, we don't have anything like that. Um The train system, we have like run state to state. Like if you get on the train you're going to colorado.
Um So yeah, like everyone drives. And that was another thing. One of my friends has a girlfriend who actually is, she lives in like spain And she thought it was like the craziest thing that we all drive because she said that they are everything is within like walking distance community. Like stores like grocery stores you'll need or like any like home sort of things you'll need are all within like a walking distance. And so I was like, no, we all drive here. Everything is far. Like if I want to go to a grocery store, it's 20-25 minutes. I are going like 65
morning.
So if you are a farm kid here, you can have your learner's permit by 13.
13.
So
yeah, a lot a lot of people around here like own farms and so their Children, We'll get their permits to drive like farm trucks or farm equipment. I like 13 years old. Mhm.
Everyone can get their learner's permit at like 14. Like I got my 14. Yeah.
Well no,
you really
do.
Mm hmm. You're like okay.
I would not want to learn how to drive there. Like being, being in an Uber in new york city gave me so much anxiety. I was like, oh my God, nobody cares, nobody state like where are the lanes? There are no lanes. There's just a painted strips on the road, but no one listens to them.
I would not, I wouldn't even ride a bike like around here and we have bike lanes but just people suck at driving like in so like our city since it sprawls out, it's sort of like taking over other parts of the city that were like towns before and now it's just pretty much just one continuous thing. But they have like their sub districts like so there's like the city of Omaha and then within
Omaha there's places like Ralston and there's places like Bellevue and Papillion and they were towns but they're now there's no break between like them. And yeah,
it's just
like
rolled
out
like even like Ralston is on 72nd Street for us. And so like downtown, it starts at 10th Street and so it's and it goes like the city of Omaha Co is until Like past 144th Street like Block
Wise.
And so it's like right in the middle of the city and I would not, I wouldn't like to bike anywhere around here and long. We
it's not good. It is
not good
at all. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. I honestly might feel slightly safer in new york city because everyone knows how to drive there in the sense of like I know how to handle a lot of the situations that they experience and there like
their reaction times are really good because you're constantly oh God, I gotta stop on the brakes at any point in time. Good like here, No
not at
all.
Pretty much, pretty much. It's yeah
and then if it rains or if
it snows which we get that here all the time, like it can start snowing in like october and it won't stop until like april is the latest in its nose. It doesn't really at least not in the eastern part of the state, so I'm in the eastern part of the state um The western part gets a lot more snow we get like you know Maybe like throughout the whole winter maybe like you know 5-10 and in that like it'll melt all the way and then come back and stuff like that if it even gets slightly slick outside, people are like craft
Like they just instantly forget like there will every morning on my way to work, there's like an interchange between a few of our like interstates and they're so you're coming up like north to south, you're going north and there's an interchange that leads to I 80 so running east to west or you can continue going north to 4 80 which is another highway interstate, it's like four lanes across or something like that. And if you take the I 80 loop to go west, there's always an accident for people that are trying to like get off and go north every single morning, okay,
every morning. And it's always in just about the same spot too. It's honestly crazy. Thing is like it's how is it every single morning and how is it always in just about the same spot? Yeah.
I
mean, I'm not surprised with the amount of people that need to like come into the city every morning and the amount of people that need to get out every day. I mean I'm not surprised at all and then the same thing here. I mean we don't have tolls either. And so everyone uses our highway systems because it's way easier than using side streets because it's faster and you don't have to pay anything for them. Like what we pay is just are like taxes on the cars on the road, all that stuff. But our roads reflect that by being kind of crappy because that's like when we went to colorado, like the roads were super nice and they get more snow than us too. So it's like you can't even blame it on that because they constantly have salt trucks or they constantly are plowing and I mean we do it less than them and our roads are still, there was two years ago where my friend and I on our way to school like knew where all the potholes were and we were
like swerving back
and
forth, we needed maj um and there were so many cars just like abandoned on the side of the road with flat tires. It was Yeah. Right.
So I think one time on my way to school and I went from Bellevue to school which is like 15, 20 minutes maybe. Like if you get some traffic it might be closer to 20. And I think I saw like five cars with flat tires, like specifically with flat tires.
Oh I was always just like so nervous. I'm like I'm gonna hit one and that's gonna be it. And I'm gonna have to change my tire in the cold because it was over winter to like, I don't know what it was about the winter whether it got just like too cold too fast or something, but the roads just like fell apart.
It's not good. It's not good at all. It's nice that I don't have to be up in Omaha as much because of Covid and everything like that. I try to do our work. I technically work out of the hospital. We're just on a different floor where we all of us on that floor do research and the second floor is more of like the clinics and things like that. And so um we have started like allowing people to come back to the building. Like
we're not
bringing in any participants, but like if you need to go in and work there, like they're not going to help you and
you you have to wear a mask to get into the building and then if you're in any public space, you have to wear one. But if you
are in your own personal office with the door closed, you can take it off,
right? Yeah. It's been
it's been a time.
Haven't really gone up there all that much, but I'm trying to get like a second monitor for my house here and like I went and bought a desk so I can stop working on
the bed.
It's been it's been rough, but it's fine. I might go down to florida because my boyfriend's in the Air Force and his bases down there. So if since I'll be remote and then I'll have the puppy and everything like that too. Like I was like, would you have a problem with me coming down there? I mean, I wouldn't be like leaving the apartment every day. I would still have my job because we're remote and rick. We're like, we are kind of trying to go towards like, okay, we're going to try to start remote work again or not remote work. We're going to try to start like in person work in august. But if there's any sort of 2nd 2nd wave, we never came down from the first wave. But if there's like a second wave, then like we'll go remote immediately again. So. And a lot of our stuff to like research, you have to go through an ethics board in order to even get people to come in. You can't collect any participants, you can't do anything until the ethics board approves it. So especially with Covid and everything like that, like
a lot of the studies aren't getting approved for in person just
because
they look at like what research you're doing, like how prevalent it is, like how necessary it is. Like you kind of have to argue your case a little bit and or if you like, you really need to collect people but at the same time like they are going to look at those things and be like sorry
now.
One of the studies that are lab is helping with is using an F nears cap so that like infrared spectroscope picky or something like that. I can't I can't say that word right,
but you're basically wearing a cap and it's using infrared light to measure the like hemoglobin in your brain as your brain uses as your brain uses like blood will direct it to certain areas. And so that's what this cap is measuring. And somehow the lady that's like the head of this study got it through the I. R. B. No idea it's in person obviously because the cap and you
have to come into the lab and you have to wear it and they're super hard to clean. They really are. So I have even my boss she's like I have no idea how she got this a pool like we were not expecting it to get approved. We were not expecting to be doing anything with it any time soon but she did it so I don't know. No
idea.
so she put me on a different study like if I needed to go help with it I'm on that I. R. B. So I can technically go and help if needed. But
she mostly has another of the research assistance working on it. Um Because she's not really sure what else to give him because he he started this job in late february. So he started
it got like he worked for like two weeks and then they were like remote work Covid we're not doing anything. So whereas like I have been there for over a year now, a lot of things that like I know how to do outside of the lab and like I know how to get things done and this that and the other thing. Whereas like he was still going through his basic training stuff and so that's why she put him on this study. And then he also lives in Omaha. Kind of he lives like really close to the to work too. And so she was like I mean do you have a problem with him being on it, like, do you want to be on it too? I was like, I can't if you need help, but so I've been mostly working on the one that's gonna go on prolific here soon and it's like an online study using, I don't know if you've done any that used that gorilla, It's not it's not necessarily a survey, your mostly doing like actual like you're hearing things and you're like seeing things um things like that, It's not a third day,
Are
so
where I work? Not my lab specifically, we don't do any of the hearing sort of stuff, but there's a lot of labs, we do a lot of audiology stuff, especially
with your research. And so I've done so many of those, like you're trying to hear words and there's people talking at the same time and you're trying to pick them out. I've
done so many
of those,
they're
kind
of,
it's
kind
of
like cool
to be like, mhm Yeah, it's kind of cool to see how good you can hear some things like that, but at the same time it's hard,
there's
been
so
many
times
I've finished
mhm and then there's been a few times where I've done those and then I like leave and I'm like, I'm tired now.
mm hmm That's the sucky part about a lot of those is you can't change the screen color from that. Like stark white. Uh huh.
D
electrons luxury.
What?
No. Yeah, those are not fun. And then all the prep that they have to do before they even start. Yeah,
I
had signal, I had to be a test dummy for one when they brought in, it was like a marketing sales guy for an eggy cap of some kind. And so my boss um she was like, she nominated me to be the testimony and so they put the cap on me and they had to fill it with gel instead of you know how that one like watery solution? No
one was
shell so it was like stuck in my hair. Yeah. Besides that they had to use like dull needles in order to build them. And
so what they did was they would like circle it around on my head, which hurt because they were like scratching my scalp and then like fill the electrode with joe. So
hopefully not a lot of lab switch to that kind.
it's been a lot. I would think it'd be a lot harder to get people to come in if you tell them that it's gel because then they have to shower afterwards. Whereas like with the other stuff like, it'll dry and you can go about your day and it's fine, you'll shower when you get home. Whereas like this, like, I had like crusty gel, a piece like pieces in my hair. And then I think I had a haircut later that day too. And so I was like, just a heads up,
you're gonna get
to walk it out of my hair. I am sorry. I wasn't expecting my boss to nominate me.
Yeah, I was just like, I'm sorry. I'm sure she's had people come in that were like, way worse, but I just was like, that's something I was not expecting. I'm sorry. Yeah.
I
looked,
I left
out
because I got mine cut and it grows super slow and it's curly and so it hides a lot of like, the like, dead ends and stuff like that. So cool. But I got it done. I want to say early february, maybe
it was
like
right before everything hit the fan.
That's
Yeah, whenever I only go like twice a year and I usually get like 3" cut off and like just chop it off. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm never too picky about it. I mean this is the most I've ever done with mine. I got it kind of like leached a little bit and the ends and that was the first time I've ever actually even like done anything to it. And so I did that after they were allowed to open again, which was, I don't know, may, I think they were allowed to do stuff in May
here at least and
I was terrified. I was like, what if I that's why I never did because I was like, what if I hated and then we you have to dye it back or I just have to like stick it out and wait. It's like,
I don't
I always was like terrified. So I was like, all right, you talked me into it. I'll test the waters a little bit. You know, we won't do anything crazy, no color or anything. Just
like lighten it up and see if I like it or not.
And then I didn't think it was too bad. So whatever my friend wants me to go like in color it like I think she wants, it blew not all blue, just like yeah, yeah,
my back, my back and I thought that super hard. Okay, that was weird.
It like stopped and it started spinning and things like that. And
I was like, okay, I don't know.
It's probably so my parents don't have actual wifi, usually I have to use my phone hotspot or we have one of these jet pack things and so it's probably me, it's, that's been the roughest part about working remote or like doing anything remote and that's also why um, I would love to be in florida, my boyfriend's apartment
because he has real wifi and he has two monitors and I have free reign of them unless he wants to play video games or something. And so that
would be really nice.
Thank
you.
So if
I could I have to double check with my boss and be like, so would it be okay if I did this? If not, that's fine. Um, but I would probably stay at least until christmas because
he lives down there alone,
so
I wouldn't be like, alright, semester's over by, have a good christmas by yourself. So yeah, and then he also learned uh deployment that's supposed to start later in january,
but he, he is allergic to dairy and a lot of the like MRI things have dairy in them and so he had to go through the med board and be like, hey I have this allergy because it came about, he like never had an issue until he went to, he got deployed to Korea like right after he got done with basic training and it just like came out of nowhere and
I have no idea and but it's like if he has dairy in a small amount, like he'll just have an allergic reaction
like you know, mouth or throat or something like that,
but
if he has like a large amount like you're going to have to stab him with an EpiPen and take him to the hospital
and it just came out of nowhere
because
he joined right after high school.
And so I mean he was only like 20 when he went when
it came up. And so He lived 20 years of his life, no issues. And then out of nowhere
it was like
if you eat dairy to die.
interesting.
I'm here. It might be like a digestion thing
because I do
remember
seeing like a story at some point where like a girl had to go into surgery or something because she legitimately could not digest the tapioca pearls and she had to get them removed. And so I wonder if it's something like that where it's like your body is just like can't do it. Sorry.
No, because I mean that is pretty much just like, I mean like gelatin and whatever other like sort of flavoring and stuff that you put in it sorrow I wonder,
you know? But yeah, so if he, if he gets deployed it would be in january. Otherwise he would have to wait like a whole another year. But at the same time he doesn't know if the med board is going to approve. So like with everything, they pretty much made him non deployable. Um
Unless like you can pull some paperwork strings and if that other base says, yeah, you're good. You can come here, we have food options for you. Like you don't have to eat mris pretty much. So like any well established base he could go to, you just can't go like to the desert and be in like a tent.
So yeah, so it's kind of like a wait and see sort of thing. And he would have to pull a lot of paperwork strings between like the people in charge of him at his current base and then the base that he's going to and the people that would be in charge of him there. And so all of that would have to line up and so he really wants to go because apparently I don't understand the military mind set of like I
wanted to pull away.
I'm like
yeah I don't I don't understand it because it's like
you have a job, you're doing a job here. Like what
is the big deal of deploying and doing a slightly different variation of your current job? I'm good. But a lot of people, a lot of people in the military like have that same mindset of like I want to deploy, I want to deploy and I'm like okay
I
don't
Probably
there is a real thing that if he's in the army, there's a really big base there that a lot of the guys like go through. Either they go there before they deploy like overseas or they just go there and they stay there for a while. It's the same way um in California there's one for the marines that a lot of them go through a friend that wound up going to California for a while and then he went to the Middle East and then he came back to California and then I think he went to the Middle East again. I think he went to Japan and the Middle East twice I think.
But yeah and then so I think that one's like the marines are in California and then I think the armies in texas, I don't necessarily know where the Air force one is, even though my boyfriend's in the Air force and so and I think I don't know where the Navy one is either.
The only person I've ever known that was in the Navy was actually my friend who is a marine and in California, his girlfriend was in the Navy and she was stationed in florida, but I don't know if that was just like stationed in florida or what
maybe it is.
That
sounds
so
Virginia does sound about right because my mom went on a trip with one of my dad's sister and they went to Virginia Beach and
that was when that hurricane was coming up the east coast, like I don't know what when that was last fall. Yeah, I
have no idea.
But um all of the like big tanker ships with like the planes on them and stuff, they had to go out to sea to be safer there than uh in
the
harder.
So they sent them out to sea in order to prepare for the hurricane and then, I mean I don't think it ever made it up that far, but it was just like precautionary. Mhm. But my mom was like I got to see all the boats and they it was so cool and they had some of the jennette's and I was like it's very nice. Yeah. I don't, I know here we have one of the biggest air force bases like in the United States and we have one of the busiest in like all of the air force and that is in Bellevue so it's just south of Omaha but most of that area is the base. And so that's actually how I met my boyfriend, he came up here on a T. V. Y. Because we had those those floods last year. Yeah I think last summer we had really really bad flooding. Um And so he got sent up here to help because he's in the like he does a lot of work with like construction project manager
stuff like that. And so they brought him up here and then I met him and here we are and then he
had
to go
yeah he made a tinder when he came up here just to meet people because he didn't know he didn't know anyone. And so he was like I'm not gonna spend two months up here And just sit in my hotel room or sit at work because everyone he works with two is like mid 40s or older.
And so it's kind of it's like well I can't hang out with you people like outside of work
you
all have families and such.
And so he made a tinder and I was on Tinder. So
yeah. What is that? My sister brought in rice.
Sounds good. Mhm. But yeah,
it's been a wild ride though.
We're surviving.
I mean
that's the same way I feel too.
And I mean I wear my mask if I mountain about, just tell me I get the schedule. And I was like, uh the next scheduled this time. And she's like going for a younger today. And I was like, my sister went golfing today and
then she works down there every now and then just to like help out because our neighbors, extended family like owns the golf course. And so she worked, she got a job there because she worked at a daycare and then the daycare closed because of Covid. And maybe she was like, I have no job, no money, nothing. And she got a job there. And then I guess she was on the schedule today and didn't know it. Yeah. Working
only on saturday. And the lady texted her and was like,
he worked
at all right, mm hmm. Whatever.
How hot is it there? Like,
let's see yourself got hot.
I didn't know because when I came, I was it was like sometime in july, like I didn't leave here until
Like July one or something like that. And so I don't,
I think we went the first weekend, so it might have been like really early in july that I went to new york city. I don't
remember it
being very bad.
Mhm. That's how it is here. It's really humid here. So it will usually stay like anywhere between mid eighties to upper nineties is where it usually likes to hang out for like highs for the day, but it's humid. And so it's like, you're
just
constantly like sticky.
Whoa.
True.
that's that's how it is here. It's just like, it's always humid and sticky. If it's hot, it's sticky. It's not like uh Tanner's parents, they live in Arizona. And so I had like, the weather on my phone, just like on the weather app because we went and visited. And so I wanted to check on the weather and I think the day I looked it was 104,
correct?
But it's a dry heat though, so it's like, yeah,
it's really, really hot,
but
it's dry. Whereas like Here, if it's 90 something, like if it's like 95, the humidity is also like
at like 75 or 80 or
that it's just like, really? I like, I don't even know what it's like today
but I'm sure it's up there because right now I'm just like I'm kind of hot. Mhm.
It is 86 and it feels like 93. Yeah, when I went, so when we went to colorado we went up to the Rocky Mountain National Park and we followed one road that went all the way up. Like we were at tundra level of like the ecosystem, well short little trees and like that like weird g grass stuff
and
It
was 45 without the wind but
it was super windy because you're super high and so it's probably like thirties, like it gets cold like that here but I just was like I'm used to the summertime now and now it's
good.
it's Kyoto
and then when it's cold here it depends on the day, it's always windy is the problem.
And so we've had to cancel school a few times over the last couple of years where because the wind chill was like negative 30.
There's one, there's a few times where we like there was like a week straight where it was like with the windshield, it was like at least negative 20 and we still have class. There's only one day that they cancelled I think that week. And it was because like all of the surrounding schools had also canceled so like kids and everything. Um So I think they just also canceled it because you know we're kind of like and we have like an older adult population as well. So between the professors and everyone was like child care
and the days that they didn't cancel, I had a scarf over my mouth and it still hurt to breathe
like the wind was like the air was that cold that I just was like this hurts.
And then our campus is kind of set up. It's almost like a wind tunnel no matter where you're walking, it's just like windy and it just like filters the wind right on through. And so it just sucked. It sucked. Yeah. It is the state is a disastrous this. Yeah, but that's so like a lot of we can't hold our young adult population here.
People want to move to the bigger cities or they want to move to surrounding states because we're just such like a no, I want to want to put this in like a really negative way. But we're such a red state that the younger population um they go and they get educations because everyone pushes for education and so they
don't
agree
with the government ideals and when places like colorado are your like next door neighbor state.
Yeah. Like one like our governor is an idiot. Like his heart, he sucks so bad that like no one wants him in office anymore. Really? Like he's awful. Yeah. Um is very like christian religious, but let's that overtake like science facts,
Yes. Yes. And so that is another reason why because if that's who we're electing, why would the people want to stay in the state where that is like the government that is overseeing them.
And that was like the other thing like we never closed as a state. We stayed quote unquote open and it was up to the businesses with what happened. Um I mean still on like the federal level those businesses still got
the bailout money and things like that because I mean it wasn't dictated by the state, it was by the government and Yeah.
Mhm. And it's Yeah. And then we still can't even get medical marijuana like on the dock. It's it's on there. It's always like shot down immediately. Like no, and yeah, there's just a lot of things that and it's because we're like a an older like the whole state is just like older, I would have to say compared to like other states. I feel like we just like much older, more traditional if you want to call that traditional you point I
guess.
Mhm. If you want to call like typical like christian values, I was raised catholic and I even still think this way
good more
Yeah. And so I feel like it would be a lot better here if things weren't running the way that it was. But I mean if you can't keep the younger population that would vote and change all those things
then
All
nothing
could have changed. Which I mean, I don't want to stay here either. I'm planning on trying to get into um grad schools outside of the state also because this tool that I'm currently going to, they don't have a PhD track for the area that I'm interested in
and so why would I get my masters when I kind of like, I don't want to say I would be able to get a job with my masters, but I need a PhD pretty much.
Well,
so I've been looking at Boulder and I've been
looking
at like penn state and um there's a few other ones, but trying to get out, trying
to get out
of
this bible
belt. Mhm
They call it that very reason, that's for sure.
And I want to paint the midwest in a bad way. I mean we got some cool things I think the best thing that Nebraska has is the skies because it's so flat, it is so flat like I can pull up a picture and I don't, I don't know how well you'll be able to see it because it's like a camera but that would, that would be the only thing and I have gone and stayed in boulder before and there was some people that were from other countries just like traveling around and if you go through Nebraska for any reason look at like the sunrises and sunsets.
That is about this thing that you will see other than that
just keep
on driving through. But it looks like this,
this is one of the sunsets that we had the other day. But I mean there's just nothing to like block your view from
the scenery and so, and it's just flat farmlands. So like when my grandparents come and visit they are always taking pictures of the skies and seeing storms come in is pretty cool too because
the
cloud
the clouds are like super big and you can see sometimes you can see the lightning going through them and I mean you can just see everything pretty much it and we also get some pretty intense ones. Like I woke up the other night was like two a.m. And my like curtain because my windows open was like billowing like into the room because the wind just like came up out of nowhere and then it
started lightning and thundering and raining and yeah but
it's interesting.
At least at least we were exciting although like right now it's not very exciting but I knew love like the cultures of big cities
that you
can go to. Like I went, so when I was there last summer, like I was, when I was visiting pennsylvania, my aunt had
some sort of
like work conference she had to go to and she took me to boston and I just like took an Uber to one of the like downtown markets and just wandered around and I wound up wandering into like little Italy pretty much and it was amazing and I just wish that we had places like that here. Like even in Omaha, there is one but it doesn't really have like a lot of restaurants which is weird, but it's mostly because they can't
stay afloat
and so like why open them. But it's really, it's just
the saddest thing.
It,
I am Legree,
I
mean have seen some of the like videos that are on like facebook or something like that. Um And it's like things in my whatever square foot apartment that this much for like, okay, I can I can stand not living there.
No,
no. But
when I see like how big it is and then how much like whoever's paying it is paying it,
like
I was like, I could probably pay that much a month and live in a pretty decent sized house here, like pretty decent, pretty nice size house.
Yeah. I know. That's like what I see and I'm like, damn,
like I could like if I paid that a month, like I would have a nice house and
probably be paying off my mortgage really fast. Especially here. And then like the southern states, a lot of them are like that too.
Oh
no. Mhm.
What?
Mhm. If you Oh now it did. I lost your video.
But I guess
what are you anyways? We've
probably been here for at least 25 minutes.
Mhm. I'll let you go and you can go eat dinner. I hope you have a really nice night.
Then
I
hope everything gets better out there
is
I hope so too. You might show up on it.
It's
more
parameters are going to be exactly, but you'll probably be on it.
We didn't do nothing. I didn't know if we were to or not because a lot of the stuff on prolific is like, you know, we're not going to collect anything. So I was like,
I
don't know.
I don't even know. I wasn't expecting that because all of the participants stuff that I always deal with is like, you know, Max six numbers and they work in increments like
the first person is like 20100120102. Where it's like this
was like
okay that's just a bunch of random stuff. All right. It wasn't, yeah
but have a good night.
Bye.
I don't know how to us either. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. All right. Bye.