Yeah. Do you think the west yourself? Hello. I'm so sorry
I for oh my God I'm I was just going through my email right now and then I noticed I'm like oh my God, I'm so sorry I'm late so I'm so sorry,
I'm good. How are you?
Oh evening we're all kind of the idea of
great.
Oh that's
good.
Oh that's so cute. Yeah,
I've
cats so yeah,
I could show you one right now. She's just there by the window. Yeah, they're just um like I got from a shelter so there um just medium here. I don't really know much
about them either. They're cute. Yeah.
only
about
that's crazy, wow.
really? I did this study um it was like a few weeks ago they ask people to do it. And so then I signed up for it and then I was like oh this is kind of weird. I was like really nervous. I'm like oh my God.
I had it like, oh so funny this time. So they sent out a notification at like four AM the first time I signed up for. Yeah, it was weird
for
like it was like oh your calls at 10 a.m. So I woke up at like 10 30 I'm like what? Like
well that's not enough time. And they were like,
oh my God, yeah, sorry, sorry. So they sent down another one and then um the
person
didn't
show up and then yeah, I signed up again so it was fine. I'm so, I'm sorry. I mean I made you wait like
my
Yeah,
that's good. Yeah. I literally went to check my email and said, oh you have a message. And I'm like, oh no, I know what the message is, it's like you have an hour left and I'm like, oh no, look like oh no.
I I should, I was going to put a reminder of my phone, I put it last time, but then this time I was like oh it's fine, it's like the afternoon, I'll remember, you know, and then here we are,
oh we're in the midwest.
I'm in new york city, so pretty pretty bar. Yeah.
No.
Oh cool. What do you do?
yeah, I was there lying.
I see.
no, it's Oh my God. Yeah.
Oh my God, is it just like small buildings are just like houses or like
how
does it work?
I see. Do you do
you live in Omaha? Do you live like in a more rural area?
You know
family?
Do you like working remote? How how is a
What?
Mm. Okay. So it was around the middle of March, I think like around March 12th when they said all restaurants and bars, they were going to become take out only like you can dine in, that's how it started and then the case is just kind of kept increasing and then they really just um, They wanted a lot of people like they're like if you can stay at home, stay at home, just getting a lot of people off of like public transit, things like that. So I think there was like a, like a 75% decrease of people like riding the train and stuff to go to work and only um like essential businesses stayed open and yeah, I've been at home like I lost my job because I was working in acupuncture clinic, it was a private
practice.
So like and then the doctor, yes, she was like, she's like no we're closing like a week before they kind of closed everything. And it was really funny because her clinic was like literally a block away from the epicenter of new york where yeah, they couldn't, that was like the first hospital they converted
to like purely covid and yeah, so I've just been on unemployment and uh I don't know, I don't really feel safe going back out to like try to work and even
it's just not worth it. So they started reopening like a few weeks ago, but I still don't really trust it because um
I mean most people wear masks but still like social distancing is not not everyone does it, but like I appreciate the businesses that still have like the plastic um blocking like the registers and things like that, so I just don't leave unless I really have to.
are like a lot of people out at all, or is it
like
No.
I
I think in new york it's mostly just the city has been kind of crazy, like some areas
of the rest of the state, like some cities like Buffalo, maybe I think they had a little bit, but it's kind of similar, like it's mostly just in New york city, that's kind of just crazy, but
everywhere else it's like kind of whatever, but
What?
It's
been four days,
my God, that's crazy. I can't imagine that because everyone here, like a lot of businesses, they're like, you cannot come inside unless you have a mask or just people
walking
outside and stuff. Yeah.
Child,
No.
And
And
certainly like limiting of people going into stores because I know for some retail places they like they have like a like a clicker now for like monitoring
people.
you've never seen like lines
of
people.
Oh I see. Yeah, because like a month ago I'd say like the pharmacies and um the grocery stores, they'd be like max like 10 people allowed in at once or something. It was,
I was it was crazy. I'm like, what are these lines outside?
Thank you.
I see.
I've actually never been to a wal mart. They don't have them in new york city,
no.
Yeah, I heard it's just like a worst target.
furniture,
everything.
No.
that's true. This
what your senior like starting in the fall or right
now?
What happened to um your semester like this,
the rest of?
I see.
It really, really
isn't.
Did they like, did you stay on campus?
okay.
I
I see. Yeah, I graduated last year. Um which I'm like really glad I don't have to deal with this. Like if I was graduating this year, oh my God, I'd be so angry because all the events like the end of the year, like just done. And the same thing happened like my school was talking to some of my like younger friends and they were saying like oh yeah you know we went home for spring break and then they were like O. J. K. You can't come back and they didn't let people pick up their stuff from the dorms until a few weeks ago like
It's a
mm Like at least let you just go and get it like. Mhm.
True.
No it's such a mess. That's that's so the whole semester next messages just online. That's it
like
That's so my school they I asked my friends what they're trying to do the next best because they were talking about it and they said they're gonna do like um like a delayed move like not a delay but like staggered out like letting people come back to campus. But once you come to campus It's 12 weeks until like Thanksgiving, but you can't, you can't leave.
And then
yeah, I think they're going to do um everyone goes home for thanksgiving but they're still gonna be class like online then the rest of it's just, yeah, I was like, how is this gonna work?
like
leave. Oh my God.
I
see.
That makes sense. If it's like if you have like a campus, you kind of keep that little like bubble, but if it's a commuter college and yeah, that makes a lot of sense why they're just not
going to
risk it.
that they could like make a dorm like temporarily.
it's just
like residential
an agreement.
Mm I see.
I see like you need a car to go anywhere I assume. Yeah.
It's a joke,
I see.
Yeah I see.
Well I always I always find it amazing just people who live in like other cities, just other areas where it's just like it's like everyone knows how to drive at like 16 because like you kind of have to, if you want to go
anywhere, do anything
13.
What what does that mean by farmers kid? Like your parents like
run a farm?
That
that's crazy. I I still do not know how to drive like I don't need to I just take the train everywhere
from like. But
I I
really need, I really should though. Like a lot of jobs, they're like, you have a license or just having like I d you know like going anywhere.
I'm like uh guys, I don't need to come on.
I think it be scary to ride a bike like in Manhattan, just like this area, so there's no dedicated by cling. Like I would never like that's oh my god. And then you got to worry about pedestrians and the cars and just like it's a lot.
We went,
I see like,
like you
feel like
actually
no.
I don't
know.
And
you
know.
I see.
People
are just
like whatever I'm driving.
wow
now.
mm. Oh my God, we're that bad link. Like there's there's like salt trucks and stuff and like they like model the snow too, right? It's just people are just that bad. Oh my
That's ridiculous.
Now I know there's some like highways like going into the city. I know they get traffic like every morning in the same spot. It's just like the long island expressway. It's um short and like L. I. E. But people call it the big lie because it'll say it's clear, but it's not, it's never clear. Like there's always an accident or something going on there, like it's never
clear.
Children
run
around.
no.
The year like it was probably that pothole they just
And then the people who can't drive just oh that combination is just yeah.
Don't
go home.
I see.
And
I make sense.
The
definitely.
Damn
it. Oh yeah. It's important. Yeah.
Look
makes
sense.
It's
not super necessary right now. So sorry. We can't all
Picture of therapy.
Well
So just do
you think you're gonna have to go in and help with it then?
Go ahead.
that's a
Yeah. I've done tests like that. Like I think yesterday was like a memory one with like color. I did one where it was like um they were playing like two different like like people talking and you have to pick out words. It's yeah,
I don't
know, it's
Hello?
my
It was,
yeah, it was, it was,
it
was,
I was like, oh my God,
this
is
so
much.
Yeah, it was difficult to follow
it
and
they
had
like kritzky
and then
you know. Yeah exactly like oh my God, I'm like my head hurts from that or it's like I've been looking at the screen just staring at the screen for so long. Just I need a break.
it was just black. Yeah. I had one study where um I had to like this wasn't related prolific but it was like at school it was like the, I forgot what the cap is called. One with all the little suction cups and they like put on your head um to test like
your
yes yes I was wearing one of those. Oh my God like the suction started like pressing in so hard like my head was starting to hurt after like half an hour. I was like oh my god this is so hard to concentrate
on the task and do it and I'm like I look so dumb like
Yeah it's just like
staring.
watery.
no.
All
so
I hope, I hope I hope not.
I
guess
Christie jell o
want to get a haircut. My hair is so long, right? Like it's like, it's like down like my waist Actually I
don't
know. I'm just like
one
is
Oh, that's good.
I
was thinking
Yeah, I was thinking about it in like March and I was like maybe. But then they just closed everything and I was like, oh, okay. Yeah. It's mostly
just the dead ends under bugging. No.
Just just scared of whatever is dead. Yeah.
That's fine.
I've never, I've never done anything to my hair. So like color wise.
And then like a doubt you can lay some weird color. Like it's always fun to see like people like that guy, it just comes like, like AScii or just like gray or like some weird color. It's like
super.
Andrea
no.
Oh wolf. You will come back. Uh
I thought was like connection issues or something.
What?
Oh no. Yeah. I checked my connection to, I'm like, oh no, it wasn't me. Is that you, I don't know.
well.
How long
how long would you want to like
live with
him then for like until like the rest of the semester like that?
And
And
you
know?
Yeah. I was gonna ask that next like when it is.
Did he like stop having dairy or like, because I know some people that happens like if they stop having dairy after a period, then they just kind of like just goes away.
my
I don't
know.
Oh, that's so bad.
It's
not.
No.
What?
You
know? No,
I've had that too. Like if I um it was like when I was maybe like 16 or something, you know like the tapioca pearls and like bubble tea or like things that are really like um glutinous or really stretchy like I don't know, I can't eat them anymore, like
it's just Yeah and it was like it happened like really late like in high school and then I was like, well I've been fine like my whole life and now I'm just I can't have this anymore, like this sucks.
What's
the white
off?
Yeah. I don't know. It's that and some other starchy things, I'm trying to see like what the link is between but I I just can't find it, I'm like whatever that's fine, I'll just avoid it. It's
Yeah, I don't I don't know.
right,
Yeah, I see.
I,
I don't,
I think for them it's like rather it's just like, you know, something like the next step, you know? Rather than just all right, I'm chilling,
I don't get it either.
Like
Yeah, I think one of
my
friends, he's going like now, like he's from Virginia, I think he's deploying to like texas or something or like Illinois,
I don't know. Yeah.
I see.
Come on.
Oh yeah, my friend from California and the navy, I think he went to Virginia before he got deployed.
Yeah. And then he's he's got on a boat and I don't know,
I haven't
heard
from them since january
army.
okay.
And
then
like
on the coast? Oh that makes sense. Oh
How long?
I
gotta
ask him like if he's in florida, how did that happen like? Oh I see.
I see. Uh
it's just
you want
yeah you want some people your own age like
mm let's see you.
No. Uh huh
What?
Yeah, it's it's these past few ones were just
that's true, that is true, that's true. I'm just I'm not stressing too hard, I'm like whatever is going to happen, you know, it's it's what can I do really? I'm just going to deal with it when it comes like and just prepare
a little bit, you know?
I know
Total
Yeah.
Hey,
where are you?
yeah.
Today?
Yeah, it gets hot like and it's kind of like it's hot and cold like today it was like a or something like it it's pretty hot right now. Like the most thing again is to like 100 but that's not that's kind of rare And then holding like zero, but normally it'll be around like 30s or something in the winter. Are these are 20 years
anyway.
Ice cream?
It
depends
like year to year. It's just it's just different like right now it's been I feel like it's been more hot than normally. Normally will be around like seventies, maybe low eighties. Kind of nice for the past like week. It's been like really gross.
just like
that work,
you know? Yeah. I hate that. I hate like like I'm okay with it being like soldering hot, like I went to ST louis a few years ago for an internship and it was like 100 degrees, but it was just dry heat so it
didn't feel like super bad, but It can be like 85 and then like superhuman, you just want to die, like it's
so gross.
I've seen I go up to
like 115 there in Arizona and I'm just like things are melting outside and I'm just like, oh my God,
I don't know
was drunk
so.
No.
boy.
No.
I'm like, oh it's it's kind of gross right now.
Yeah. Like the lichens
and moss and
as
What?
Like
yeah, like chili in the middle of summer like. Yeah, I just checked. Okay. Apparently it's 91 here, so uh
yeah, I felt pretty hot. Yeah.
I hate it when it's cold and windy.
Oh it does. It never gets like that. But like we'll have wind show like negative 10 maybe like, oh my God, negative 30.
You know?
Oh my God. It's crazy.
That's crazy.
make it make sense. People want to move to like a bigger city or somewhere else.
Didn't
you
know?
I see.
Yeah. Mm Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy.
Yeah. That makes
two.
Just a mess.
I
could see it, you know.
It's just kind of like what? like huh Like why are we doing
some
True.
Then it's it's just going to stay
that way and then drive more people out and then it's just like uh just
like
I see. Yeah.
If you know, you want a PhD like you really know, you want to just just go find a program, like a professor that really has a good program
for you.
I
know.
I was
I
was
too much.
Yes.
my God.
And
It's just
one.
wow, that is pretty.
And
I
imagine.
Yeah. You could just see like everything.
Honey.
Oh yeah.
Yeah. That's work.
on
earth.
ST
people burning tip.
on this
trip.
Thing.
Yeah. I mean, yeah,
I think it is nice having all the diversity I'd say like the one thing that's kind of sucky is just that everything is expensive. Like in new york
traveling, being drinking, doing anything. It's oh my God, it's, I was thinking about
like
Oh my God. Like some of those videos, Oh my God, they're so annoying because they'll be like someone who like just moved to new york into like a nice area, but like their parents are paying the rent. So it's just like, come on, like you're not really like making it here, you're just like your parents
are rich and you just moved here. Like, come on, it's not, it's not accurate. I feel like for people who are like,
wait,
I'm
ready,
Yeah. You know, I've seen people like in other areas like for under 1000 they'll have like a house and I'm like, That's unheard of like people are paying like like 2,000 3000 for like a room
lot.
What?
you know. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Okay.
I thought if
it was
Oh yeah, the connection
got
fuzzy.
I know. Yeah, I know. It's been like three times that. That's all right. Yeah.
You
too? This is
fun.
Yeah. I hope like
your study goes well and I like your research stuff and
I know right.
I
mean it was
Yeah. Yeah, it was nice meeting you. Uh we we never exchanged names.
Oh yeah, it's
like
you have your your name, you're like five E A B 44 daily.
Oh, I see.
Ask
him.
Yeah.
Alright. Yeah. You, too. Yeah.
All right. I
think you just close it and then it'll just it'll just stop it. Close the tab.