Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. No. Mhm. Oh okay. Mhm. Mhm. People okay. Yeah Okay you can put everything. Hello there.
Hello? I can't hear you. Hello? I can't hear you. Hello? Yeah I can't I cannot hear you. Yeah. Mhm. Hello? Yeah nope can a more decent yeah Yeah. Okay. Uh You may want to restart. I I don't think it's on my end. I think it's on your end. We want to you may want to restart your computer or something but I checked my sound earlier as well. Okay I can I hear what you said? Yeah yeah yeah yeah we achieve a first place prize win a couple. Yeah I checked my volume. It so nothing. Uh I think you need to restart your computer or something but it's not looking. Yeah I don't hear what you're saying. I checked the volume on my end. It's not on my end has to be understand. Mhm. It's now it's your end. Please restock if you can yep please restart your computer. If you can please restart. If you can, I cannot hear you. I cannot hear you. I cannot hear you. Please restart. Please restart your computer. We're not going to get the credit, I'm not going to wait around for 25 minutes if the volume does not work, so we're not going to get the credit. So please, if you can restart the computer or refresh that so I can hear you. Mhm Yeah, well Mhm. Mhm Uh huh.
Yeah, I can
hear you now, yes.
um
that took 57 minutes. Alright. Yeah, so that's great. Um So my name is Michael, what's
your name?
nice, nice to meet you.
I'm from
san Francisco.
Okay, cool. Yeah, so how do you find prolific? Oh,
okay. Are you in college
or anything or?
Okay, so you're okay. But then the child you had that they didn't go through them basically.
okay, okay, so just to make some money on the side, that's great. Okay, cool.
I have a job but I this is just something I do on the side, so just wanted more of a side hustle, just want to make a little bit more money on the side.
I
couldn't hear you. I think all you need to do is restart a computer though, right?
Yeah, yeah, but yeah, that's all I I couldn't hear what you're saying. Um Yeah, I had no clue, but yeah, um so so what else is going on besides further for anything else you you've been finding?
Yeah, like yeah, other other type of website type of
things.
Uh huh. Got it. So prolific is the best thing so far.
So, so this chat has been the best things That was so far. Right.
Pretty
much.
How many times have
you done
this?
Chair one
have you
done?
Okay so we can only do four. Right.
Is that
correct?
Is that what they say? And then can you redo it again afterwards or what? That's it or?
The only thing is I think they you do need to do that original survey first
or something. Right.
Yeah. Okay cool. So so you're going to college? What what college
are you
going to
and
Yeah. Yeah. So what uh what what what is it that you want to do?
Did you apply to any college is when you were in high school?
so you prefer for now just to I can't figure it out for
bit
You have no clear what
you want to do right now. Right.
I
do accounting. I do accounting
I'm
going to college all that. Yeah so I've been working for a little bit. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah it's just work from home. Yeah.
No I always worked in the office but it's it's now they said probably till the end of the year but who knows um for your for your junior college didn't didn't school
start ready?
it's all um through its online right so all courses are
online
And then you just have to buy all the books and everything.
A few $100 or something. Right
can you borrow them? Can you borrow
them inside?
that's what.
Got it Because I I remember a website called
Check six E. G. Dot com. Check is like a you
can borrow books or rent them for like a semester and it's probably cheaper
than,
yeah. Yeah so so I have also heard of people even like buying a book of returning it. What they do is they make photocopies of the book. You've heard of people doing that before.
Yeah just go into like you know like office depot just in front of her.
You
know a copier
and just you know look at the syllabus maybe you know I've heard people do that like oh maybe we're only gonna use eight chapters in this book or something. I'm just gonna make copies of that copies
are
much
cheaper than
rather than $200. Right? It's like three cents a copy or something. I would just make 200 pages of copying right? And then you can
highlight it
up
or whatever
You know you know you can three hole punch you put into like
and
that's
that's it.
Yeah. Yeah. So I've heard about people doing that way, that saves a lot of money. Um But but I don't know. Yeah, what's the best way these days too
to actually.
Yeah. So, so maybe. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. And then that way you have to buy the online book. I mean, some teach some teachers, I feel they're they're like uh why do they tell you about the book? Is one is that they may have written the book themselves? Um
I guess it depends on class, right? Or maybe, I don't know, maybe
there's some benefit for them for you to buy it,
that you may get a cut of it. That's
not what I want to.
Yeah,
totally. So, so what what are the latest games these days that that 18 year old are you know plays these days? What's the what's the latest game
these days?
Still fairly popular. Yeah.
Private.
Just
So so that's
the latest,
those are the latest
yeah. So yeah. So so like what does the 18 year these days there is a Tiktok is the latest social media thing that people goes on this Tiktok that you know, most people spend a lot
of time
on.
So all three of them, they will switch off from
one to
the other. There's no loyalty to each one
of
them to
one specific
one.
got
it
like my facebook right. No one really goes on facebook.
Well
we're
got it. Yeah when you called it. Yeah, I just wanna know how it's like, so um yeah what else is going on these days besides you know school?
Yeah. Is it really hot where you are?
Yeah there are a lot of fires by by where I met these
days.
Yeah and and and the reasoning for us to have these fires because of these lightning is that similar
to
what's
happening?
Yeah it was like a really dry heat but it's like really lightning and
that's where all the fires came from for us.
Well well the fire's normally it's like from PG and E. Down lines or something. Right. That's what
the last
few years right or something or someone arson. Right but this year seems a little bit weird where it's so hot and there's actually lightning. That's that's where I don't see often.
Do you live in sacramento or
the suburb of Sacramento?
is it? Uh Well then okay I know that I took up in there. Yeah.
How far is it from you to see your friends
say?
10
minutes driving?
15 minutes.
But you're driving these days, Right. Yeah.
traffic was bad. Is it like?
Mhm. God. So you leave your house at 7 30 just to get the class?
And
Cool then. But you graduated. So you sort of done with high school? Right. I mean, I I guess it sucks for high school this year to be graduating this
year
during the pandemic? Right? So, Right. So there's no there's no problem. There's no graduation,
So,
nothing.
Right. No, no, no problem. Nothing. No.
Cool.
I think the 25 minutes is up. I don't know how it counts. Like the time that you went offline, so I don't know how that works for this chat
thing,
how many
minutes
it will
say
no then probably that means you have to wait nine more minutes. Is that is that correct? Is that how the timer worked out? So so basically we have to add a few more
minutes
now
so
so why don't you yeah why don't you tell me when the 25
is up
to?
Yeah. Okay so so then online graduation, online graduation and then and then how did it work? Did you have to go in to pick up your cap and gown
or
they were actually made it here or
something?
And
then
Okay so you were you were like like say someone like your parents are driving, you were another
seat
or something and then drive through and then everyone was there and then there was like a few 100 people
in your class.
it.
So it was fun though. Right.
Yeah. But how is it these days like, like it doesn't suck to not see all your friends all the time these days, like are you still seeing them
during
this pandemic
or like,
you
know?
Mhm. So the only way you can keep in touch with like zoom or something, right? Or some some sort of video like facetime or
whatever.
like, like I had nothing really has happened, right. Haven't gone to a movie
theater,
I'm sure like or any of those right? Going
out at
sit down
restaurant.
That's
Yeah. I mean do people around your age do they still, do they worry about this pandemic? Like are there were really getting sick because I hear a lot of people are still going to parties
and
stuff
or get
together?
Okay. There's more of an on so it's it's like you know, they're
not
that concerned about catching
it.
But if you do get
just
deal with it. Right. So it's there's so it isn't really much about, like you said it's more of annoyance than anything. You're not more afraid of it.
It's
not
more afraid like people are afraid so then does it make you want travel then during this time?
carter. So your parents are working from home
these days?
Yeah. So is a very typical thing these days right?
Everyone's
home all the time. Right. Yeah. That's the only thing that that sometimes it gets annoying to it because they're just always cooped up at
home.
But is this do you like
this
better?
Mhm. Yeah. The only thing is that we don't even know when this will get back to nor will
it ever
be normal.
Howard this is the new
normal.
I mean even with the vaccine
what's going
to happen? Right.
Well even with the vaccine right. A normal living people are going to do things a little bit differently. Right.
I guess
people are still going to be more O. C. D. About cleaning in general right? Or more of a germophobe. Or you know people are going to handle cash less right? People you know I guess I guess I guess most people don't use cash these
days.
You're like like people
you're right.
Yeah. So that's one thing I'm just in general I would assume there's a lot more changing habits I guess.
Yeah. The only thing is, you know, their studies being done about that is that people say that, you know people, some people you know, most people say they do enjoy working from home. But
there is a limit,
you
know?
Yeah, that's that's true. Yeah, that's a social aspect. Yeah. So I think people are finally working from home to three days a week, but like it's
every day, it's not something probably they really can deal with.
I think it depends certain days I really like to be in the office because I also want to talk to people not just talk to people but collaborate and ask people questions like that are in the office and say, hey can you just you know, I want to pick your brain on this, I want to talk to you about this, this topic rather than if you're on if you're offline, it's you know, like if I'm working from what's harder I mean, I can set up a meeting just to talk, but sometimes like things come up in the middle of the day, I just want a quick answer. I don't want to talk to someone. I mean sure, I can always slack them. I asked them that question, but it's you know, you you miss out on some of these things. Also also you miss out on some of the what we call the water cooler chat, where things that are happening in the in the business you may not know of unless you actually go in and talk to someone. So Yeah. Uh that's the only thing
are we
had 25 minutes, sorry?
go ahead. What
were
you saying?
That could be it, that could be a junior college. There's there's not there's less of a sense of belonging uh it's not going to you know going to a university when you're actually living in a dorm, there's more of a sense of I guess community
possibly.
Well, I think, I think it depends on the class, I mean if you were taking some some elective courses right now then it's gonna
be 1st, 2nd year of people in college, I mean they still could be older, right? Some people take a gap year, they start college late, some people don't want to go to college when you're 18, some people may want to work for a year or two, then go to college, right? So it really depends, right? And, you
know, some people want to do something else so who knows? But yeah, community college, you're you're not gonna get that sense of belonging unless you go to a school, but but it's also up to you however you want to make it to like if you want to join all these clubs and do all these things and communities join a,
you know, you know, fraternity and stuff like that, I'm sure you can have more belonging, but if you don't you're always gonna be, you may feel left out.
quiet.
Thank
you. Thank
you, sir. Great talking