you hear you?
Can you hear me now?
But
I don't even know what happened. Yeah. Mhm. All right, Okay.
Yeah.
Enough.
Nice to meet you.
So where you from?
All
right. I live in South Lake in sacramento. So that's pretty close.
Well, when pandemic started the normal job, I had their clothes for a couple of months. I was just thinking, okay, I'm at home and I don't really have much to do. Somebody's always look for a way to make some extra money.
I'm
about to start college. So I just graduated.
They were just like they stopped it for a couple of months and they're probably gonna they didn't tell me when they're opening up again, so I don't know.
What about you? Like what have you been up to?
Sorry about my microphone. I don't even know like I did the microphone check and I said it was working well. Then you're telling me like you're gonna hear me. Uh you
know.
I worked
Um Like in terms of like making money or
I
did this like surgery thing called Q me but it's like spending 15 minutes to make like what like 80 cents. It is like I just don't have like the mental energy to do that. Like the survey is kind of like drained me out. To be honest. If it's not like if I don't see that like the payment to pay outs like actually work. It's like it's hard to actually do it.
There's like all the ones I found, one of them was like Nevo was like doing tedious tasks and then they pay you like 25 cents for each task. Which wasn't bad. But it gets tiring after the right. Mhm.
In
terms
of like yeah,
I've
done
it
one
other
time so. Yeah.
Fours
and
knocks.
I mean, I don't know maybe you can like make a new email and then make a new prolific account and try it that way. But I don't think they have like an actual software that's gonna remember.
probably
because they emailed me through like the messaging stuff, not like concert, like how they did last time. Yeah.
I'm just
gonna
community college
near my city. Nothing too big
right now. I'm not like I'm I have no clue. So I'm just going in going to take some classes, see what I feel and I just like feel it out.
A couple of you sees and stuff. Like I got in a couple of U C. San Diego and santa barbara. Like everything happened. My parents kind of really like, yeah, you should just stay at home or like yeah, it will be cheaper is going to community college for now because it's going to be online either way. Mhm.
because I don't really
know where I'm going like, or like when my career about some of these uh Okay.
Not
really. Uh I don't have like a set plan. What about Yeah, like what do you think that
accounting,
so you're done with like college and all that or?
All
And your job is still okay, like it's so worth it.
Do they know when they're gonna, like, did you always work from home or did you have a lot of this?
It's
going to start in like a couple of like next week, basically my garden got emails from my teachers and all the Mhm.
pretty
much. I think everywhere in California, I don't like, I've heard some like east coast schools. I think they're doing it like in person, like in the midwest. But I think in California it's all online. Okay.
the books are like, they're way more expensive than I thought they were going to be. Yeah.
Of china's
of
like some books you can rent out, which is like a lot cheaper. But
other books, there's only like the option to buy them. Yeah.
Check.
Mhm.
It's way
cheaper honestly.
Like of the entire book.
What
was that
again?
That's low
key
spar
obviously. Yeah.
You're
going
to make
it look good.
Do your own
thing
with the
like annotated the way you want?
It's like one of my teachers
like requiring those to buy like access, like they want us to have the book online so you have to buy like an access code for it. We have to turn into our home market that way. That's weird. Yeah.
Okay.
Hopefully.
Maybe.
Maybe
or maybe it's like there is used to using a book. So like their curriculums already set with that textbook. So if they try to change it now, they have to like do a lot more work than they need to. Yeah.
Mhm.
Probably
I'm not like super into gaming. So like, like I just have a PS four, I would say call Duty War Zone, that's still big. This new game fall guys just came out like people are kind I find it like, okay, like it's like a game I can use to kill time, but I don't know, it's not a game, you can really grind like that. And then it would be weird if you did grind it because it's like the second meant I don't know how to describe it. And then Fortnite I guess like still kind of relevant.
I think this pandemic really helped
it out because everyone just staying at home so I know it was popping like back in March, but I think it kind of died down now. Uh Two K. Madden I guess they're always going to be relevant. I got two K. No. Yeah two K. 20 but then it's like so far in the year because they like it came out like last september so everyone that grinds again, they really like super like
they can't get any better, but then I just started so it's kind of like, I don't think I'm gonna grind it now. Yeah,
pretty
much.
What else came out, I don't know what else.
I
would
say it's one of them instagram snapshot that's probably daughter too big.
pretty
good.
pretty
much.
Pretty
much.
Like I personally use Snapchat way more that instagram and Tiktok, but people probably have
other
preferences.
Pretty emotional. No,
my
age,
well right now or like, you probably know there's like a heat wave going on. It's super hot outside.
it was like,
so
the sky is pretty much orange right now, which is kind of weird. Yeah.
I
think
like saturday
night or whatever that was, it's on the light or like a decent amount of lightning and thunder.
It's
like a cycle every year to be honest. Like it's always this time, it's always like crazy amount of fires and stuff.
How
weird.
All I know it's like, it's like painful to go outside now, even like it is, it doesn't like the air doesn't feel like clean at all. I don't know. Mhm. Mhm.
Like
town near sacramento. I would like 10 minutes away. Woodman.
I like it's okay. It's like because all my friends they live in, because I used to live in a different town to like 90% of my like contacts, whatever they live over there. And like the school I went to was over there, but then like two years ago I moved towards land and then it just kind of a pain just like, oh commuting there and back, but
it's
like
15
20
it's like not long enough to be like and actually like task I guess. But it's just like kind of annoying because it used to be, I could just be like, it would be like a five minute bike ride, but not to like take a highway to get over there. Yeah.
it's not like terrible. The worst was probably I would have to get up earlier for school because if I didn't like if I didn't get to school by a certain time, like I'd either be like 20 minutes early or a half hour late. There's no in between. Yeah.
like my school started out like 8 15. So if you're not like physically there by like 7 55 or eight, you're going to like reach class by like 8 30.
Pretty much. Yeah. Some days I would like commute
someone else, but then like it depends basically. Mhm
it's
kind
At first they told us I was only going to be a month off, everyone was like, okay, lid, this is just like a longer spring break. But then they were all right, we're just gonna extend it to the rest of the year. Yeah.
Nothing
else.
Okay graduation. We gotta like our school actually did a pretty decent job like for what they could do. Like they had this whole ceremony online but that was pretty much it. Okay. Mhm.
Yeah.
For
me, where does it say? Uh make sure
for
me
it
says like just about 16.
I
think
we should go until I had to be
five.
it's nine
minutes
from now. So 3 30 bottled on that. 3 35 of them were chilling.
we had to
go like a couple weeks before and then we picked up our cap and gown our diploma. I don't remember if that was before graduation or after.
we
had to go back to the high school pick it up. They had this like drive through
ceremony
which is like it was pretty cool.
Pretty
much.
for the graduation
I was just No they live streamed it on like whatever they live streamed it on and then we just watched different home for for like the
actual like ceremony part. It was like yeah the whole drive thru thing. Yeah.
like I appreciated it and like I respected their efforts like I don't think they could do anything much like much more than what they did. So like I was pretty satisfied.
I've
seen
them like
you've
kept
in touch but like audience. I'd like to go out more but I haven't really been able to.
pretty
much. Okay.
My house
is it?
I don't think any big
movies 10
though
so it's like it's whatever like not in a movie theater. I did go what did I do? I went hiking a couple weeks ago with a bunch of room. Okay. But that was about it. That was
about it.
I think
more
than
its
way more of like just an annoyance.
like
getting
just
like all right, we're just gonna deal with it. I guess that's the mentality now. Like if we get we're if we get sick we get sick. If we don't then like good for us. Yeah
pretty
much.
I would
say
that.
Um Well it depends like who I'm going like if the right like auction came up I'll be down in travel but it depends on like who I'm going with, what we're what we're doing exactly.
Both
of them.
Everyone
so.
It's
like I'd say 90% of the time it's fine, but like sometimes it just gets kind of tiring. But um I think I guess one thing the pandemic did help with was like I was, I feel like I kind of like a mental reset from like daily life and stuff. Mhm.
No,
not
at all. It's like it's getting annoying at this point. I'd rather see like I'd much rather see everything go back to normal.
No
such
thing.
We
don't know. Yeah.
Big
man.
Probably my leg, the new year. I feel like they're going to try to force stuff to like open up and like try to go back to like a routine life, right?
First thing
I do. Mhm.
just
like
cars
then though and all that.
I think for jobs too, like they can't say like a remote option isn't like viable anymore because we've seen it work. So I think that's going to be like working remotely is gonna start becoming more normal.
I think the social aspect
of working
like
with, I think,
that's
In your opinion, do you think you're more efficient working from home or working like out of physical?
thanks for like
23
to 2 more minutes. Uh
I
was
gonna say for like school life now, I feel like I'm way more like not connected with my peers. It was like we're doing like an introduction thing for like for like until I get to know each other in college and like I could care less. Like they were like telling your life story. It was like there's a lot what I noticed is like the age groups, a lot older than what I thought it was. It might because it's like junior college, but everyone was
I heard about in the lake. It just hit me like, wow. Really? Like separated I guess because there's people that are like under like thirties or whatever, going to like get some more job skills or whatever. And then like, so far, everyone's been like a minimum like three years older than me collect it.
They're like just getting their associates and they're about to transfer out and it's like the last class you're taking.
What?
You
Is it?
Mhm. All right. We just had 25 15. Yeah.
It was great
talking
to you.
But.