Yeah, by this my machine that lights me up better. Right, thank you. I appreciate you can you tilt the shade so that it's like no other way. There you go. Beautiful. Thank you. I appreciate you kevin. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm I don't think. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi.
Good. How are you?
that's
that's unfortunate.
The second this is the second one that I've done
and the first one that I did, the
woman
and I like head it off. So well we ended up talking for 2.5 hours like
and that's not happening tonight.
No.
Yeah. Oh also to
stop watch.
got it.
I can't see you. Did you hit something? There
you
go.
No you're fine. I just like I know that they're like recording it so that they can like see our faces and shit. So it's like they would probably be like you have to show your face or you won't get paid.
So are
you
what
I've
done, this
is the first
one where I'm like talking to another person.
like you want to give me 17 bucks and
let me do it six times, so that's pretty fucking cool.
I just started doing it randomly because like, you know, extra money and I'm just dicking around on my phone anyway, so might as well get paid
plus. Like, I don't know, I think that research, Sorry, I have two cats and they like to be involved. Give
pets.
Put it down there. He is. Oh, is he so like a german shepherd?
Hi, sweetie.
Yeah. Oh wow, chances are
My, so the one that just typed a bunch of shit in my address bar is chainsaw, and there's another one who is elsewhere right now. Her name is lunch box and
I had a they're both three. Um
I had a couple of people over yesterday because like, it was my buddies, 40th birthday, so we decided to surprise him. Um I got him to come over by pretending that I had just gotten home from work to find my front door open. I'm like, dude, like someone, I think someone broke in, man, like I'm fucking freaking out right now. Like, my husband was out of town with his family and he knew that. So he was like, oh shit, sacks out of town, I'm like, man, I hate to ask you, but can you come over? So he shows up and we're all like,
but one of my friends brought his dog and his dog is super good and he's really pretty, like, he's got one brown eye and one blue eye. He's very well behaved, very obedient, very well trained. But the cats, you know, they're like, they don't like change, so
there's
right and they're still looking over their shoulders today. They're being super spicy and sassy right now because they're mad at me for letting the dog in the house. But
they got
to get used.
I felt so bad for my buddies dog Edward because he's so friendly and he's such a cuddler. Like he's the kind of dog that will like lean on you, you know, like with the full weight of his body
and he's a smuggler and he's so friendly and he's like going up to, the cats are trying to be nice and they're just like, they just hate him. Yeah,
part
about
here.
I love that because like, I'm I'm in Minnesota,
I don't know where you're at, but like,
still though, like cold enough, and like, we get that polar vortex down from Canada though, and it's so nasty
here. And the like, the
cats, like when the weather gets colder, they're always more snugly. Like. Yeah,
you
can
totally curl up in bed, that's fine.
How
long have
you lived in Canada? Sorry?
And where?
Got
it.
It snowed for like a hot second like two days ago. And it was kind of funny because
um I'm a counselor and I was doing a group at the time
and it's substance use. So like people come in and like, they've got a lot of needs and they're kind of, you know, they can be sort of all over the place and our group room has windows in it. So it started snowing and they were like, it's not like they're in, you know, they're in this treatment program for 30 days, so like, they don't get to go outside very much and they're like it's snowing like it totally derailed the group for like a solid 10 minutes while they odd over it and worried about whether or not they had a jacket. Like it happens every year guys,
I think it re traumatizes me every year
that drives me insane. Like I'm from michigan and I've been here for 13 years, but in michigan it doesn't get as cold but we get a fuck load of snow, like actual like 300 inches a year of
snow.
Yeah. And it's it's like we put stuff back in the day when cars actually had antennas, we would put little balls on top of them because the snow banks were so high, you couldn't tell if the vehicle was coming until you saw the ball. And like down here, they do not know how to handle snow. I swear to God. Like and it's
just
you would think they don't know how to plow. They don't they don't know how to drive like.
Yeah. Which isn't great because like that even if you salt it like they don't they don't really move it, they just they push it around.
They do but they just like they don't really I mean I live in Minneapolis so there's not like a shitload of places where you can put it. So it's you know, but they just and there's so many people in such a small area like guaranteed a fair amount of them don't know how to drive in the snow. Like every year I push someone out of a parking spot or like teach someone how to like rock a car. You know like you can't just lay on the accelerator dummy like it's just gonna make it worse. Uh huh. My husband has a two wheel drive chevy and I have a Subaru. So in the wintertime I'm just like like
is it like your car sucks ass? Like my car is totally basically a snowmobile. It's great.
No, I'll never buy a two wheel drive vehicle again. Not
in 1000
years.
The town that I'm from um it's in the upper peninsula of Michigan, it's right on the lake. So there's a lot of like really steep hills, like glacial hills and there's this like oh my God I'm sorry. I just noticed that my cat is on top of the fridge which I've never seen her do. I don't know how the what the gift?
The little get down. Yeah. That did not work.
Oh well she's fine.
The U upper left is what we call it. So like you're going down a hill and you can't stop so
you just gotta like what like I hope that you stay on the road.
That's
thankfully not too many people die every year but because we know how to navigate it you know like you can't lay on the accelerator, you can't stomp on the brakes, you just have to chill out.
I love that. I think it's hilarious. I
visited my parents in florida a couple years ago and I've never been to florida like I wouldn't have gone there had they not had me come. But one of the things that I noticed that I was so like initially I was confused by it but then I realized like we're in this parking lot for this like shopping center and there were curbs everywhere like the little you know the cement things at the end of the parking spot. They were everywhere. And I was like, how do they plow in the way? Like they don't need to uh
right. I think it was like, was it the polar vortex in 2012? God that I did not own a car at that time, I took the city bus everywhere.
It was, I mean I was outside and like, you know, 50 below wind chill, like it was terrible, terrible.
I will never, I love my car. I love being able to like be warm when I'm moving from place to place. It's such a luxury
game changer. Game changer,
I've
got heated
seats.
the seat heaters. Oh my God, like I have back problems so I even use them in the summer if I'm like feeling, you know, kind of 80 or whatever. And man,
it's
my, it's absolutely great. Like this car that I bought it two years ago, it's actually the first car that I've ever owned um I got a D Dub when I was 20 and it was, it was, it was no bueno you know there was some damage down into a police vehicle and you know it was you know small town so it was kind of like everybody knew about it and it was, it was really but so like my solution you know and I blew really high but you know, I knew that like the and the judge threw the book at me, cost me a ton of money like
as it should because driving drunk is super selfish um I was like well I'm not
going to stop drinking so we stopped driving
but
well you know priorities so but
then I sobered
up.
What's
up?
Yeah, it's all
and
I
mean
your frontal lobe isn't even developed when you're 20 like, and my car was wrecked so what am I going to do? And I was so proud of myself when I got my driver's license back when I was like, how
old
was I? I think it was 32. Like, I guess what kind of legal? I had to give the state so much money. Oh my God,
no. And it shouldn't be, you know, like the thing that sucked too is because it was a small town, like the judge knew me, he
knew my family, he had been my parents lawyer because he, before he was a judge
and he was actually present at my adoption as my parents lawyer. So he was like, he
knew them very well and he was like, I can't
imagine your parents are very pleased with you, are they? And I'm like, no. And he's like, how old do you have to be to legally consume alcohol in the state
of michigan? 21? Your honor? How old are you? 20 year honor? Like he just, he was humiliated me, but I deserved it. And
yeah, I mean I paid for it, you know, and no one died so I should probably try and find him someday and like tell him like, hey, I'm not a dirtbag anymore. I'm a substance abuse counselor. Now isn't that funny?
You know, it does make a great story and I do tell people about it like, kind of as a cautionary thing, you know more about caution about not living in small towns than not being irresponsible but
get a little, I'm watching
her because I keep, there's like bread and stuff up there and I just know that she's going to be a fucking asshole about something, and like, that's what I love cats, like, because they're assholes, you know, like dogs are chilled, like they're pretty.
and I
I love that though, like, because they're just, you have to earn their love
and their complete shit heads if you don't, but
I couldn't do that, like, who knows to her, because I'm too, I'm too soft, like, I would just want to keep them all, and you know, and my cat lunchbox, she was a foster and uh she, her mom was taken out of an animal hoarder house while she was pregnant, and then she gave birth to nine kittens and died. So like, lunch box was bottle fed from birth. She thinks she's a people, she's super vocal, she's super needy, like, constantly, like, if you're in the kitchen, she needs to be involved and um like that, like, even just hearing the story of like what her origins were, I was like, no, if you have that one, like where do I sign like this? We're done.
Um I've always loved having animals with bizarre names just in case like they ever got lost in the neighborhood. I would have to be like super extra, you know, like if you walk around the neighborhood like you know Laszlo or spot or lula, like if you walk around the neighborhood like chainsaw, like everyone thinks you're fucking crazy.
And it's just like, it's a little bit based on their personalities, like lunchbox. They well they were both pretty food insecure when I got them, but especially lunch box and she's just she's very, she's stolid like she's kind of she's sort of hefty, like
she's not overweight that my husband called her fat, but the vet says that she is technically a normal weight, so he's wrong. Yeah,
like I love to throw that in his face whenever he fat shamed or um but she's she's just very lunch boxing and you know, chainsaw Scheepers a lot, a lot, so she kind of sounds like she's got a little buzz side going.
the vets loves them, and because I go to um like a chain vet and they've got like the white board behind the counter with all the pets names on it that they're seeing that day, so you've got like, you know, fetcher and whatnot? They've got like chains. Uh I brought him in one day and the tech that was checking me and goes, are you laptops, mom? And I was like, no, but that is a great cat name, like that's genius.
I love that. So, you live with your brother, Do you have any sisters?
Got
it.
All
we
do that here too, yep.
I mean
I well I kind of see both sides of it because I actually used to work for a towing company for that contracted with the city and I was there for five years and I worked quite a few snow emergencies, which is what we call them and like people get towed and they're pissed. But it's like they got a plow
like if they don't plow your side of the street you're gonna fucking bitch about it. But then you won't you also don't want to move your car. So it is kind of annoying. But like we're lucky because we have an off street parking spot so we just you know we're good. Yeah,
we least our second car to a couple of friends of ours and they live in a much more densely populated neighborhood than we do. And I was like good luck with your personal emergency. You're not gonna we're not gonna pay the impound fee. Uh huh.
Are you working right now? Are you covid covid rich?
It's kind of wild like the range of impacts that I've seen. Like when Covid hit, I was gigging like I was working for lift and for door dash and I stopped doing lift right away because I was like hell no, like I'm not having people in my car. Um I kept doing door dash and I'm really glad that I did because when they issued the lockdown order um I just posted up by a liquor store and which is kind of gross but whatever
I made 300 bucks in two hours, it was great. And like I mean I was part of the reason I was gigging is because I'm finishing my um uh post back program. So full time job was kind of out of the question with full time school. But now I'm just doing the counseling thing and it's pretty I mean it's a little bit weird because like you can do counseling stuff like virtually, but it's not the same and it's I don't know, it just doesn't I'd rather do it in person like despite the risk, like it just doesn't that's what the patients want, like they want, you know, in person
services, it feels more real to them.
Well and in an inpatient setting like they're there anyway. You know,
we test them and then they're, you know, they're isolated until they come back negative. So they're more of at risk from me coming in from outside. So. But yeah,
I
mean
Yeah and we all wear masks and you know we make sure that we stay six ft apart and stuff. But all of my friends who are musicians or tattoo artist so like they just got fucked like and like other independent contractors like I wasn't technically an independent contractor when it started but I didn't qualify for unemployment. I was pissed.
It's like what the fuck um on my free money that I'm gonna have to pay an ass little taxes on in 2021. But I mean it all worked out okay and even like my buddies that like the tattoo artist that got you know get paid in cash and stuff like they took a little while but it got updated to where they were able to qualify to at least for they didn't get the federal but they got the state stuff. No
Minnesota's
pretty like Minnesota's pretty like heavy on the social programs and stuff. Yeah. Which
you know, I like it because I work in it.
I mean the way I feel about it is like because there's a bunch of debate about whether or not the masks are effective or whatever. But it's like even if it's not like what's the, what does it hurt
like? Yeah. I mean I'd rather not wear one all day but if there's even a slight chance that it will help keep the people around me safe, I'm going to do it like
who cares?
Yeah.
It's and I don't understand like like really like because you see the people they're like, you know, mask protesting and stuff like that. And it's like really this is the hill that you want to die
on like this. This this
is thanks. Yeah.
Like in in my home state michigan, there was a big protest and and then like some of those same people made like they got together this like ragtag militia and made a plan to try and kidnap the governor. Did you hear about that? Is that enough? Like, what the hell? Mhm. What is that gonna solve? Like, I just, it's
so
sad
Like
the county that I'm from their doing their um like county clerk elections and stuff right now and one of the people running one of the, one of the like the two front runners, like the incumbent and then the main like challenge or whatever, the incumbent just like a normal like your run of the mill, like county level like bureaucrat or whatever. And the upset is this like 19 year old kid who is like vehemently anti mask and like vocally very supportive of trump and the current administration and he and one of his buddies who apparently works for the governor downstage or something, he's connected with state government
in some way, got shit faced one night and decided to call this woman up at one in the morning and make terroristic threats to her and shit, and I'm just like you were running for public office, like I
don't understand like yeah, why did you not think it was going to come back and bite you in the ass? Like
it
just, it blows my mind.
I was like upset about 2020 the other day, I was crying about it and like, I mean I cry like probably every third or fourth day, so my husband like he's not startled by my crying, like
it's pretty much a normal, a normal thing and I was like bawling about 2020 like when is 2020 gonna be over? And he's kind of literal, so he was like december 31st, it's like you know like 2020 the year 2020 the mindset like 2020 the trial,
it's really like it's like a global trauma like it started with the fucking Australia like burning to the ground and it just got worse. Like my niece was born in january and I still haven't met her like my my sister and her husband lived a little bit further away and it's just it's hard to travel and um but I can't wait until she's old enough to tell her about the year of her birth, like you were born and then everything else was shit,
there's gonna, you know, they're like because we've got millennials right? And then we've got like the zoo MERS or whatever they're called, the ones after us. Like what's the covid generation gonna be?
the covid generation like, which is sad. Like they shouldn't be labeled something like that. The covid kids, man.
Does your brother have kids?
I don't want any. And I love the idea of having like, you know, nieces and nephews and stuff because like I'll spoil the shit out of you will have a great time. I'll fill you full of sugar and then I'll send you home.
Because I like kids like, and I think that they should be like protected and nurtured and like in safe environments, but I just don't want any myself and there's there's so many reasons like the world is fucked. You know like the planet is going to probably like die before I do. You know? Like what kind of world would I be bringing a child into? So
plus like I really don't want to be pregnant. Like I don't like you see women when they're pregnant and they're like, you know, oh, I'm glowing or whatever. High to Yeah,
come
see
the dog. She said she's not interested. She doesn't like peppers. Hi una.
It's like I hear you talking. I want attention. She's I
miss having dogs.
They're so good. Dogs are so pure. Cats are like malicious and evil and dogs are super pure. Hey, Guess what?
You you were you did talk for over 25 minutes.
same. Well, it was nice
talking to you.
Indeed.
You're
welcome
Success
in the with the future ones.
Take care.