Here we go.
Good. This is the first time I've had someone show up. Yeah. I tried to other times and no
doubt.
that's cool.
But
what
is the
that was
No. Yeah. No, I
don't know if I can talk to Tina powers. My life depended on it. There's no way for like 25
I was
I know. I haven't opened on this other screen. Um There's a like a timer on this other screen. Mhm.
But
I switched
tab.
Sorry.
Where do you go? Have you done
lot
of I've done a lot of the seventies or
have you done a lot of the studies on the site? For many
reasons?
I'm
fine.
Same for me. Okay.
But
yeah, it's pretty
One.
Thank
you. I do. I have to have a dog. Where is this?
Yeah, it's a female una.
She's 13.
Yeah. He's up. He's an old lady. Oh, your cats names?
That's awesome. Help.
Good.
Yeah. That's awesome.
Like
what the hell is this thing?
that's
fine.
Yeah. My dog, she so my dog lights cats there. Cats don't like her. So she gets hit in the face pretty often. Right? You
Well,
And
I tell
my
brothers my brother's dog is is she a cuddler? And with my brother stays here with me. She'll find her way into my bed and she's like the warmest thing. I don't know how my brother sleeps like five minutes and I'm like, you got it seems like a hot water bottle legs.
Look,
I mean, I'm in Connecticut so not as cold, but it still
What?
With.
that
is
good.
Yeah. It's nice when it's cooler out
you
guys.
Uh Probably basically, well I'm 36 so probably almost 30 years living here because younger age group
Vermont. Yeah
that
that Connecticut, but if you guys gotten snow yet I know it's only october
Thank you
it wasn't
Yeah. You get used to it like how you know.
Yeah. It happens here too with the with the first snowfall people like forget how to drive and lose their minds. It's like what? I don't get it. Yes.
You get
that great lakes affect to the snow coming down and falls.
That's
crazy too because you think like Minnesota, just people think snow and went there and
Do they salt the roads there is just saying every little thing.
Well actually plow the roads.
silly.
Yeah. No, I've before we got vehicle to and I don't think I could live in a place that got snow without either or will drive or something.
Like
my
first vehicle was good 1992 wheel drive ford Explorer. And remember there's a little time and I mean a tiny hill near me with a stoplight and I got stuck on the hill and I was so pissed. I was like never that's a hard drive vehicles love.
Try to your attention.
It's
it's your ship.
What?
Yeah. Well let's
stop.
I have a friend that she grew up in Connecticut but she lives in Tennessee now so she'll send me a picture and maybe like an inch of snow like the state shuts down and like their minds it's hilarious.
The.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not so then also to like when it gets like maybe 60 out and they think it's freezing, it's like you guys have no idea what cold. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. That's cold.
Crazy.
Yeah. I've had I've had my truck since 2010 and every year I told myself I was going to get a remote starter for winter because I was just tired of going outside in the morning to turn it on and running back in and I finally got it this year after nine years. But it's so nice.
I'm
sorry
I didn't
do it sooner. Yes. Yeah.
we
are
It
Great director.
It's
two solutions.
firstly
at that
age to
firstly
at that at that age as well. Okay.
You're
gonna
think
different stuff.
The
rift.
Yeah. Not you.
It
Well
Is
Look
What?
lessons learned.
If you want to make you feel really good, just tell him like his speech changed your life and all that stuff.
Where everyone knows everyone and
it
completely different personalities and like
very independent.
mm definitely go.
And my mom has a he manages a like a cat rescue shelter or something. So she always has like a foster kid and stuff around and if I visit her I'll go up and see you know which catch she has and depends on the person of a cat especially foster their cases and they haven't been exposed. People might do some will let you buy them and someone like no get away stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah.
that's awesome. So how do they get their names?
I lost my lunch bugs. Yeah. Yeah.
What?
Okay.
Yeah that's cool. Yeah. So
that's good. Yes.
No just one brother. He's young girls 33 now for
help.
Yeah he lived in, he lived in Brooklyn new york for probably 18 years.
And uh he's also sounds like when he lived there you know he had his license from being a Connecticut but he didn't drive in new york because there's no reason to have you, there's no reason to drive. So he didn't get a vehicle until he came back to Connecticut. So for the longest time, you know? Yes then drive. And also I guess there when it snows, if your car is parked on one side of the street you have to move it to the other side. And I can imagine that's just the pain in the ass. Although
the
you're in the big city to uh is that not annoying? I would think,
I mean you get used to it obviously.
Uh huh. Yeah. Exactly.
Yeah.
Oh awesome.
No so I work in manufacturing so even working the entire time and so basically nothing has changed other than wearing masks and stuff at work and social business and all that but how much has changed and we otherwise and then my brother worked he can work remotely so not much is change for him. How are you?
The words
Good.
Yeah it's more probably more feels more structured to, right, I'm sure that helps you come as well.
he will.
And
you
can you can still do that stuff and just maintain distance and stuff.
Of
academic belief thing or whatever a lot of states have you. That's
it.
Mhm.
Canada is too and we've got as far as States have done pretty well with Covid, where's my friend in Tennessee is like losing, she's a pharmacy attack so she's around trustworthy people all day and I get like at least a couple times a week and just the text from her losing her mind, there's no one there like does anything and it's not really a mandate. So some people are masked, some don't and all that stuff. So.
that's exactly what's the harm.
It
was annoying at first, but like most things you get used to it, it's not my mask found. I don't even think about it. Mhm.
No.
Brain
patriots.
Yeah.
I don't think
they
have a long term plan for that. It
was probably some drinking going on and they're like, yeah, let's do this every country monday. Okay. Show up. Yeah. Yeah.
The,
the,
I don't, yeah. Hold
on.
Yeah, I'll speak live in this year's over. No.
there's
Yeah. I'm such a crap year.
Yeah. You started a cult somewhere. Mhm. Your birth caused all of us. Yeah.
Might be that. It might be the shit.
It flows,
nope. No kids. No, no kids for me or him. Who's ahead. How about yourself?
I have a lot of little cousins and it's usually the same mindset. We're all really close to my cousin so they call us like uncle and whatever. Yes the same thing play with them and then the yellow hyped up right Like go see your mom and dad you work so.
You know go
Yeah. Yeah.
Who
goes
Look look.
Report.
Yeah it's fun. Okay.
What
I did I'll sleep well tonight. I'm tired now. Okay.
It
was it was well
thank you. It's nice to meet
you.
Have
a good night.
Yes you too thank you.