Yeah. Yeah. Oh he's up there? Oh. Mhm. Right okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Bye. Sure. Sure. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Still even for 1? Yeah. Mhm. Sure. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah like this Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Oh yeah Okay come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah thank you. No. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay hungry. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Okay.
Hello?
I
can hear you fine. Can you hear me?
Oh good thing I was behaving myself. Yeah.
Oh no problem. Last time I waited 20 minutes no one showed up. So I said
okay I'll try one more time. Hello?
What's
your
name?
What's
your name? Yeah
Hi Ryan I'm carol nice to see you
And
uh where are you confining yourself?
Okay I am have a home office with a green screen so that's why it looks a little strange in here
night
you can
go home.
Very
so
yeah I I do a little part time work from home. I teach chinese kids english in the morning and yeah it's
kind of fun.
Oh gosh it was a few years ago I was looking for some uh side hustles as they called them and I heard that this particular company was hiring uh it was a publication called Penny Hoarder. They give tips on looking for work and so I applied and they hired me and here we are
not
a word, not
a word. Well I'm learning some as I go along I'm not sure what those kids are saying. Uh You know the idea it's an english version so they you don't need to have chinese I'm not a teacher, teacher I'm a tutor. So uh
but the kids are pretty smart by and large. Yeah
we'll hide.
What do you speak chinese? Right?
But
okay, so you were there at work? Okay. Do you still like work on the computer with foreign countries or? Yeah.
Okay,
You, you hit the hotspots, yeah. Mhm.
that's uh
that's
that
was the
hardest
hit.
I
mean I've got I've got friends back in, back in Montreal, I've retired to florida, so we have a nice backyard, so we're okay, we can just walk outside, but they're stuck in apartments and it was pretty hard hit to
it's have you been?
Well you got to go back? Well, maybe not this summer, but, but
it's the
it really is. Well, I'm not sure if we'll ever go back to it, but one of the things about summer there is, we have festivals and they close streets and there's jazz and comedy and people are just going from free show to free show but I'm not
if they'll be able to do that again for quite some time.
man.
none of us can. How how old are your daughters?
cool. Age.
This is the worried dad age. Right.
Uh
So
I'm not sure what they were hoping we
would
talk about
in this particular thing but I can't see how one can avoid talking about. Mhm.
I'm thinking that uh we actually had a stray cat come up to our backyard through a backyard. So she saw that she wants to stay with us. So guess what we have named her? Mhm. Cov. Oh
you got to look for the bright bright side. Right. Yeah. So
tell me go ahead
phone.
it's
a it's an unusual place let's just put it that way. Uh It depends on the counties. Uh There's a lot of outbreaks but it's a large population so they started late because of course tourism is important. You probably saw the video. Uh But it's It's in pockets. So the particular spot I'm in, we're not too bad. My husband and I are looking after his 91 year old mother. So we pretty much stay home and wait we don't go out much we get deliveries and when we do go out with mask up and stuff. But I have a friend on the other coast closer to Miami and they're like much more shut down because you're outbreak.
Yeah I know we're on the west coast so it's a little better but there's still there's still things to think about, put it that way. Do
you sit you're in a rural area.
No.
that woman.
No.
What?
Well you've got kids that makes you think, yeah.
Now it's not easy so
Oh it's actually um sometimes I feel a bit guilty because we're fine. You know, we're able well semi retired and able to work from home so we're not suffering financially but we know many people are. And uh so sometimes I feel guilty about that. But it is what it is. Right.
Honey.
I
think.
What?
my hand.
now.
Oh no. I mean
I don't you I say thank you to them at the at the grocery store but you tell some of them are really slammed.
The hero is if the dressing isn't it? It's like
what
great.
You
know,
I don't think they have a lot of choice, so
they've got to pay the bill. So as I said,
I'm privileged. But it's uh yeah,
of course. I I come to prolific and make a few dollars to.
Yeah. Actually the last few months I've made a lot more than I've been with them a couple of years. I go off and on. But I guess maybe there's a lot more studies being done right now, but uh it's not enough to pay tuition, but it's enough to get a little pocket money for,
you. Know
what?
More
And its universities mostly. So it's kind of interesting.
No.
reporter.
I think it's pretty legitimate.
It's
not like swag bucks, you know where, you know, what, what, what's your favorite snack or whatever? Yeah.
What?
What does your daughter plan to do when she goes or does she know?
Well,
you
know, so then it is the generation, isn't it that uh it's like us with tv and
Running.
It says the remnants of ourselves
like the right path.
Um well no I didn't get married till my 50s, but my husband has two grown sons. And funny story told about the direction his oldest at one point he looked at his talents, he said you know we really good if you went into medicine, you probably make a great doctor. Oh dad don't tell me what to do. You just want a son who's a doctor? Yeah, Well 20 years old, guess what he's doing?
He just finished it. He's uh he's a resident uh in a small town and
carry kids. And so his dad was right.
What?
but
but teenagers, you know sometimes you're not right.
Uh no, actually we're a long story, but this will go way beyond 25 minutes, but I used to be broadcasting so I can make it nice and and abbreviated. So we met eight years ago online and he was from Oklahoma and he had loved Montreal. So
we we met and it clicked and we got married and now I have to
step Children and four grandchildren. So so quite a turn from the city girl who was single and uh and you're driven but it's kind of fun. It's a nice way to do the second phase of life. Yeah.
yeah. And how many do you have does she have?
yeah sorry, I thought maybe your wife had, I thought I heard the name nancy. So sometimes these headsets aren't quite right. Yeah.
and I know my husband does miss seeing them lemming, it's always you know the computer and stuff but uh I joined me to reassure him, I grew up with grandparents far away but they said it's okay, it's a treat but it's still hard. Uh and they're a cute little levels I must say the boy, you forget the energy aid, what
do we got?
Let me get 146 and okay, the 4th 1 is not quite here yet.
and you didn't even realize it was deadly.
man.
They like to come here to florida in the winter so we're we get ourselves, you know do a little extra size before they come. Mhm
Okay.
It's one thing living in florida you don't like for visitors. So we actually
had just before things got bad we had two groups came down and then that was at the hotel's closed. Uh huh.
Come
on. Well michigan's client is familiar. It is very similar to what I grew up with.
No it's it is fun. I mean I people asked me if I miss it and
I do for the changes I do for the sports, I don't for the ice under my feet
as we get older it's something to be concerned about. But you know we we have a little place we keep up north so we can always go there if we need to. We've yet to go in winter but it's there. Uh huh.
Let your job is snow removal then we've got that we're going to do. Uh I know that's one of the trips I want you to do is to the peninsula the upper peninsula in uh in your state. Um I've got friends in Niagara and close to Windsor room such so we talked about it, we haven't done it yet but it's
it's
all
it's
all this
Well
we've got camp camping gear
Mhm.
That's yeah
well so we're looking and that's what I used to like to do after those trips I said on the way back we stay at one fancy hotel so I can do that sometimes sometimes I get my nails done
you
know just
to say
okay I'm back.
excellent. Uh So we're doing very well we're
still we're still going to fill up another five minutes, so
we're
doing,
yeah. So what are you guys doing to entertain yourselves while you're in
confinement?
huh.
Like
I
do know what
it's not
that
All
I know after a while, that's it.
It was like, you can only see so many, but
um well our life actually didn't change that much because we are a semi retired. But do you notice that we got going out as much and we didn't realize
we had been going up that much, but you know, running to uh you know, to the store to get things um you know, well, hey, it's a nice day, let's just walk on the beach. This sort of thing is you don't think you're doing much, but you realize you actually our uh I had a funny moment last week, I was looking up something on google maps and it hit me over to my
calendar from last month and eight states showed how much you have gone. And one of the most pathetic little map, it showed me one little walk around the park back home. I was wondering if it wasn't for the dogwood. I've even done that. Yeah.
I know. It's it's again, I didn't think we ate it that much. I like to cook, but yes, we did. Yes,
much more than you realized.
No,
no.
Yeah, Sure. Because if you say, yeah, say $150 grocery Bill vs, you know, going out three times to the restaurant.
No,
right. I'm a little um worried to
go. I know they say they're taking measures, but I mean I worked in restaurants when I was younger, you know how they can be, so I'm a little concerned about that. Well, one day at a time, yeah.
and there are some of the ones I like, I think you're already on the edge, I think
it's cross.
that
the car approaches something like that. Okay, give me your name again. They're probably gonna ask
brian, okay? And carol, okay
talking to you. I think according to my clock, where you were, do you wanna go another couple minutes because you were a couple minutes later?
Okay. Oh yeah, yeah, let's take it to 30, it's only three minutes we can do that.
no, you are, like I said, compared to what I had the other day, you
weren't late at all, but you know, I managed to gather my notes done for class.
no,
this is the first for me. So I'm wondering if something they're putting their toes in or?
in fact, the last time when no one showed up, I thought maybe they're trying to do something where no one shows up and then they're going to judge, well, how do you feel about that or something like,
Yeah, I look like a researcher, right? Of some sort.
Hello?
No,
it's
Oh, yeah. Well, as I said, there's a lot of interesting studies that they do and uh I realized, you know, we're not supposed to talk about them and I respect that, but sometimes I'll be going through life and I'll say, oh, that's why they were asking me about that. Okay, interesting. Uh
Jump
off.
sometimes
they tell
you, I
don't know if you've run into any of these yet, but sometimes you'll do one and I'll give you some kind of scenario. And at the end they'll say, well actually that was fake. We just wanted to see how you'd respond
and I was like curses.
huh.
Well, there's also when they'll ask you the same question, a different way, like three times grow and I go, okay,
then
they ask you the attention question because obviously at this point, well, there was a good one the other day. What was it do you think? Was it? Do you eat boxes or so something like some kind of crazy?
Are
you paying attention? Yes,
I'm
paying
it.
Mhm. Or what are your favorite though? But no, it's just and I can see where the agree ones. People would just let it go. Uh huh. Uh huh. Already. Well,
I
think
I think we did it. Okay.
Well,
there
you go.
All right. That was a high five stick. A
reason.
Usually I'm so low down because I usually stand up to teach. So my camera being up there.
Okay. Good luck Lloyd
and help
your
family and you stay safe.
All right. Okay. Yes. We X out. Sure.