Whoa
Oh let's see. Yeah. Okay. Are you able to
hear me?
Yeah, sorry for keeping you waiting. Uh The survey said I could do it on an ipad and I was trying on an ipad, I could see you but for some reason I couldn't get it to click through so
I appreciate the patients. I apologize for keeping you waiting
always.
uh do you
have any
idea
what
to talk about?
Oh my name is Ryan. I'm sorry.
Nice to see you.
It's
oh, basement bedroom.
Oh no I understand. It's difficult
to find to find a spot, fortunately
we had
one room that didn't have much decor or anything that's you know too distracting. So I just picked this room to set up in for work.
Are are
you working from home? And I take it if you've got a green screen?
That's
how did you how did you get set up with that?
So I have to ask do you have mandarin or did you speak chinese
yourself?
Not? Well,
Yeah.
I think they get exposed to it a lot. I mean I think it would be a lot harder to do something like that in the States where they don't get immersed in the dual languages as much. You can't,
it's pretty strict. Pretty uh pretty common. Oh, that's a really cool fact about you. That's interesting.
No, I did not, I've been there a few times but uh they did not, I did not speak a word and uh they enjoyed that.
Meetings are very interesting when, when they can stop and they can speak in chinese for a little bit and they know you don't have a clue what they're saying.
Yeah.
Let's go with china. I mean every once in a while with china now I work a lot with Italy. Yeah,
fortunately, I've not obviously been to either location a couple of years. Uh
it's horrible, I mean the people that I worked with over there in China in uh Italy are in Milan and it is uh
it's
hard,
you
know,
I don't know if you are a city dweller or more of a country's country dweller, but you know, we're out in the country myself and uh you know, to think about living in an apartment building in the middle of what was the hot spot of the whole thing and having to take an elevator up and down to take your dog out or your kids to see the sun living in an apartment a lot of times, I'm jealous of city dwellers and I was not during talking to them at best,
it was really, really bad for them. What ever?
Yeah, tough, Montreal is a beautiful city love Montreal.
I've been I've been once I was there for four days and I loved it.
Unfortunately
I was there, I was there towards the tail in the winter so I didn't get to really experience that downtown area other than to walk around and say, wow, I bet this is great in summer.
I think
I'm thinking the same thing. It's been heartbreaking. My daughter, my younger daughter just kind of discovered music. So we started going to concerts this year and we had three already cancelled. Yeah, it's just start right
before I I can't tell her when we're going to be able to go back, you know, I just don't know
I got a 12 year old and a 15 year old. Yeah.
No.
Yeah, that was the civil mostly great kid. Yeah.
Been different for sure,
so
and
everything
like that.
But the biggest thing that will probably ever happen in either of our lifetime.
Yeah.
So
are you how
how are things as far as lockdown down in florida, you guys pretty much completely confined or are they
pretty?
So happy over there on that side and particularly down by Miami just just at least by the coast, it seems like it just.
but it's nice.
know, but I live in michigan, so we have also seen us on the news who's going to keep toting guns and going
after the governor who's trying to keep us alive, which is kind of crazy.
Yeah. Exactly. But yeah, it's been uh
been an interesting here um just it's at least for my family
being very locked down because I just don't want to risk it at all. Uh
I'm not, I do think that you know what you see, I certainly don't want them to get sick and I want them to be in pain but I really really don't want me or my wife to be uh you know not available to them by being sick or worse but trying to protect us, you know,
I've been very fortunate I've been able to work from home, which is nice. Uh
Yeah, I mean it's exactly, I felt guilty, I was at the grocery store the other day and a woman was really struggling with getting me checked out. Uh huh you know she said I'm sorry, I'm brand new and then she kind of just went into her her story and said uh you know uh I was I mentioned something about not knowing
what day it is because it's kind
of
hard to keep track and as you said yeah I was like that before I took this job this week and you know she mentioned because I was off for two months and I couldn't couldn't Keep track of what day it was. But then you know I still haven't been able to get
unemployment check number one so I ran
out of money and now she's working at the grocery store which is like probably the worst job you could be in any part
of.
Why?
Mhm. Oh they're really slammed it. Do you think about it? I mean they're just they're the very most exposed people to everybody's going to the grocery store so yeah you'll feel for them and you know, it's funny people say, you know there they're heroes. I tend to feel like they're hostages nothing. Yeah.
I mean the heroes there willingly join jumping in there because they really want to stock
those shelves and I don't think there's too many people that are
in that boat. Maybe
it's
just me.
I usually.
We all do.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I've actually been checking it out for my daughter because she's not gonna be able to get a summer job but I'm probably not going to let her get a summer job. Things are going this way. So I started messing with this to see you know what kind of stuff is on here and well what do you what do you do it actually you can make a few bucks. Not bad.
Well
that's what I was
thinking too you know I mean she's had a few years before she goes off to school and she can make
make some money you know doing she's just going to be this summer probably you know sitting around the house anyway, you know make a few bucks.
Yeah that's what I've been noticing that that's kind of what I wanted to get a sense of it. You know
it's and I'm sure that her surveys will be different than the ones that you or I get because she's younger. But someone I can tell it doesn't seem like it's the wild, wild West like they're
trying to steal information and answer is very very controlled and very.
Yeah. Yeah. Very much so
anyway.
I've had I've
had a few good ones.
She actually pretty well known. She took a computer programming course this year and I was kind of pushing her to take it, she was interested, but I was saying, you know, I think this is going to really connect with you and she absolutely loved it, they just took off and she actually ended up being the teacher started pushing people to her questions because he got thrown into it. He's not a programmer, so it was mostly using code dot org to teach. And he kind of, it was clear that she was understanding what was going on a little better than even he was, but he started sending people in her life. So I think we're pretty clear,
that's that's what she's gonna do. You
will.
well, you know, it's for her on this, it's uh puzzle solving, you know,
and really to think about it. Computer programming is very much logical, You need to understand what extinct means and what, you know, when you you write very clear and it's just really why I was kind of pushed in that direction and she's very good mathematically and very good uh logically. And I'm like this is just how your brain works, like a computer you probably should be working on.
no.
Yeah, I think yeah. You have you have kids
You're going to go back to your middle school, medical school,
It's not
You know, it's interesting, you know, him better than anybody, you can kind
of see what they're good at. Yeah, try
and push in that direction.
Yeah. Experience that stuff as well. Are they still in Canada?
no.
I understand.
Yeah, I've got magic, probably have a difficult time seeing the grandkids right now which is talking
oh no, I was saying for you to see your you
yeah, it's uh my parents um I know there, I talked about a couple times a week and they're having a hard time because they're just not seeing any of any of them there, you know, been lucky that all of me and my two brothers have all stayed in michigan, so they see the grandkids a lot, that's kind of what they do on the weekend, you go to somebody's game or something and they, they're missing that a lot.
especially
whatever.
that's yeah, that's a tough duty if you get draw, draw babysitting duty on that, if you're out of practice Colin miller too, you forget that you have to watch them grow whole like every second or they do something deadly.
I know, it's amazing. It's like 1/6 sense if there's something that's almost falling off of a shelf there are immediately drawn to it. If it's amazing.
Don't worry out for sure. I I miss it but don't miss it because you really do have to be on on your game 24 hours a day when they're that now.
Sure.
Mhm.
Not
Yeah. I imagine you get a lot of people down there
for florida for sure. Okay.
that's nice. You know it it would be great if they could skew it just a little bit more this summer but I like having all four seasons. Yeah.
Three
definitely. Yeah, for sure. Yeah.
I mean that's the thing which are, it is, it's pretty to look at but it's not very functional.
it's nice.
You
never
want
it's really off the grid. And we I mean it's like hotels don't exist
up there either. Yeah.
you need to have camping here and that's the thing. I'm not a big camper so we don't go up from the U. K. We very much but you know like the picture picture rocks and whatever the waterfall up there. Very really really nice. It is quaint and it's kind of cool to go into the little towns. Uh
I guess that I have to admit I'm a bit of a brutal when it comes to traveling. I like to stay in a a hotel where I feel like everything is clean and I have to have a little bit of a break on that stuff and uh it's more of a you know this is the motel in town if there's anything at all you're a camper. I think you're in good shape. Lots of hiking market campaign
change.
we're
talking
about
this,
I'm with you on that part of that skip image. Mhm.
All
Oh my bad. That's not bad
at
all.
That's
a really good question I find that were um you know the nice thing the kid was still at school. Um
it's home school but it had something to do. I think they'd be going crazy if they didn't have that to do problem. I you know because I'm working hasn't been too bad. Uh My wife does not work so it hasn't been a huge change for her other than she can't get out of the house with. So we've been doing a lot of walks and a lot of just
sitting outside staring at, it's been a life has slowed down you're
gonna need.
Yeah so in a way it's been kind of nice,
you just
kind of sit and talk and just sit there
because we're all so sick of tv.
we've all reached the end of the internet,
no, how about you, what are you guys doing?
you're
no
I know we're we I got I got my credit card statement and it's got like breakdown by by spend and then it shows you on your trends for the last few months and it was remarkable to see a restaurant that was from the uh boom boom boom boom zero because we literally we haven't I mean I mean we haven't even gotten takeout, we've done we've just been eating and hold entirely,
Oh same here, I
yeah, you know you're running kids around and stuff and you just stop and grab something quick or if you're out and about we just grab something you don't realize. Yeah. I mean we were coming in a lot and granted
our grocery bill has gone off but I mean the Delta is actually working
kind of saving money.
Exactly $150 is a lot more than three meals. Uh It's
an eye opening a lot of fun. I worry a little bit about restaurants when this is all over because I I think I'm an anomaly and not going out at all. But I'm sure that it's got to be a fraction of what it was and it's gonna be tough whenever they come back.
definitely.
But yeah, it's I'm afraid we're gonna lose a lot of good restaurants. Yeah,
that's the fact
you end up Applebee's
will survive and nothing else.
O brien?
Yeah they're all night time of year so are we?
Oh you don't you don't mind I just I'd hate to hate to not make it after after everything so I don't know if that's it's fine. I mean it's uh
Well yeah I appreciate it. I'm sorry thank you.
bye.
All right look at that now. You have you ever done one of these types of things
before where you're actually talking about?
Yeah. It's kind of kind of an interesting, interesting concept. I just especially not giving us the topic or anything. It's really gonna be interesting to find out what exactly they were trying to trying to measure from that. Oh
Well that was what I thought was happening when I started because I could see you and I was saying hello and you weren't responding to me. But it looks like you're writing stuff down. I was like I think just messing with me.
that was the research. Just trying to see how long I would sit there saying hello hello
gave up. Uh
huh. Technical difficulties
on my end.
It really is. It's been it's been a fun. I've only been doing it for two weeks but it's been really I'm actually really enjoying it. It's just like you said the afterwards trying to think and say what are they actually going for here? What were they? You know? Well
they find
them to learn and it's a significant
little
bit.
That's cool.
Something
man. A couple of those. And also it's been interesting to see I'm starting to see how I would write a survey different because like somebody I read one the other day that said how fatigued are you or something like well you're leading me by telling me I'm fatigued. It's the fuck yeah, you start reading like it's interesting that the research side of it, there's a
lot that goes into writing a good question and I wonder that are they doing that on purpose or? Uh
Yeah. Yeah. It must be
something.
benefit and some
questions.
You
know
what?
That's a lot more fun than press agree julie. Yeah.
but
I appreciate
it.
Thank
you for
having
us.
Very
good.
it was very nice meeting you and I certainly hope you stay safe and uh hang in there so
thank
you.
Thank
you, bye.