SPEAKER_L: Fuck you, mm. Okay. Yeah. Why not? Okay. Right. Uh huh. What? Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Good. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh no. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. A friend. Uh huh. Your hair? Yeah. On what? Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Good. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. All right. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And all right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That's a little party fire. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh wow. Oh what? Okay. Uh huh wow, wow. Oh. Yeah. Why? Oh yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. All right. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Oh wow. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Hey can you hear me okay? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: How about me?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I can hear you.
SPEAKER_L: All right, let me just close facebook killing time.
SPEAKER_R: It's okay,
SPEAKER_L: How's it going, man?
SPEAKER_R: pretty good. What's going on with you?
SPEAKER_L: Not much. My name is Jeff.
SPEAKER_R: I met
SPEAKER_L: Were you at that?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Newport News Virginia, come on, I'm in a hotel so I hope the wifi holds out. But
SPEAKER_L: that's always
SPEAKER_R: what? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm over in Oregon.
SPEAKER_R: Oregon with part.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well, I'm at Valley, so kind of by Asylum, like the state capital.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah I know. That's that cool.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I like
SPEAKER_L: have you
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: done
SPEAKER_R: bobblehead.
SPEAKER_L: these before?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah this is my third time. What about you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's the third time for me to. Very nice.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Did you did you get that email about the last one? Like uh the payment was late and they were gonna send it? So what happened for you? Did it work out?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was already in there.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well my guy, I guess it was the Andrew guy, he sent a message and I was I was working and I got like two emails like okay maybe I was a witch. And uh he gave me twice by accident so yeah and then the messages like whoops a press the button twice I guess enjoy your $30 so I guess he doesn't care because the Department of defense money or tax money, whatever. Yeah, I got, I got lucky.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's good stuff. So what are you doing out there?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm a pilot for like a regional airline pilot for american. So I'm on a trip. That's just what I do. So yeah, hopefully I can go home tonight, but in Newport news for most of the day today I leave at five.
SPEAKER_L: So you have to stay kind of quarantined when you're in a different city?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No actually, I mean we're all pretty safe about it. We like wash your hands and sanitize stuff and played and like this Hilton right here when you walk in the door, they actually feel like a sticker where it's like a seal. I don't know everybody's taking precautions. I feel pretty safe,
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: Good deal.
SPEAKER_R: I don't go out and like bar hopping stuff usually. Anyways, I just try to get some sleep and we keep a little bit. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Do you stay domestic when you're flying?
SPEAKER_R: I do. Yeah. Because our airlines, um we go in and out of charlotte a lot, shall we? Mostly east coast, so we don't yeah, the only uh only international flights we do is Toronto and Montreal
SPEAKER_L: barely
SPEAKER_R: other than ever.
SPEAKER_L: international.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it feels international, you don't get phone service and you're my Discovery Card doesn't work, so that's all that matters, Right,
SPEAKER_L: that's right. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What about you, What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I do. I. T. For our school district. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Awesome. Uh Are you like more hardware stuff for like software? Just Jack of all trades? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It starts off as Jack of all trades five years into it. We're starting to see like we need to kind of start spreading out into more specific fields. So I'm kind of falling into more software and back end stuff and a lot of programming and web apps and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: cool. Do you make like like what inspiration do you get for the apps, is it?
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's always based on need and time. So it's like, uh, we have a bunch of student data like just tons of information about like their housing and everything else and so we need a way to be able to take their information and give it to somebody else so that we can get like log ins and stuff like that, not their personal information because that's illegal but like just the idea I'd stuff so I've created uh integrations for stuff like that and ways for us to help kind of manipulate that data. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and a lot of it deals around with that like right now we're gonna go distance learning, so everyone's gonna need like a Chromebook, so I had to create something to kind of track all the chrome books and where they are and how to check them in and out. So it's it's a bunch of just a bunch of data manipulation gets really boring when I have to explain to somebody but it's fun to do.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's cool because
SPEAKER_L: Perfect.
SPEAKER_R: uh I might get furloughed in october so I'm kind of trying to think, I thought about learning python, but so I'm kind of I'm really interested in like what education you had or what kind of learning process used
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: together
SPEAKER_L: self taught. Uh
SPEAKER_R: are you? Okay
SPEAKER_L: So even as far back as like one of my earliest jobs just working at a grocery store, I found myself kind of manipulating data and like putting in fake barcodes, so like if you go
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: back to that place still
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: you can put in a code and it comes up as a as my name and like a crazy price. Uh And then it really kind of took off, I was working for a company called Mitchell one they do automotive repair manuals and I knew nothing about cars getting into it. And uh I got in right at the right time when they're kind of transitioning over to like having India put in a bunch of the data and then we were just manipulated on our side so that it makes sense
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: best part
SPEAKER_L: customers. And I learned that you could kind of program within the program where you're using. So I started making little scripts in there and stuff and that's really where I started exploring. And then once I was able to make most of my job I started exploring more and I create like a little video game inside of that program and a chat program and all sorts of other stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So you just went kind of went along slowly but surely like uh use what you learn and stuff built your ripped or? Okay
SPEAKER_L: And once you, once you understand the basics of one program it's it's easy to learn another, you can you kind of learn the hooks of it and then just it's kind of like learning latin and then you
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: learn
SPEAKER_R: did you
SPEAKER_L: spanish
SPEAKER_R: think?
SPEAKER_L: and italian and that kind of idea what.
SPEAKER_R: did you have to know the computer science background behind it? Like the harbor of computers and stuff or did you just kind of focus on the software development? I'm
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: so much anymore hardware you have your limitations but for the most part even the dumbest computer that you're going to work on now is going to be able to process like the hardest code you could write.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so that's why it matters because I was looking up like books on how to get into it and a lot of people recommended starting with like the computer science engineering aspect and then go into programming, so I guess that's why you like would learn that, see if the computer could handle it. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: and and kind of to get the logic circuits of it because everything is basically like an if then statement kind of idea, so it once, once you understand that and once you can wrap your head around that, that might be like a hoop that somebody makes, somebody jumped through to see if they want to continue. Uh but for the most part, I mean
SPEAKER_R: Otherwise
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: at this range.
SPEAKER_L: learn like the simple stuff like the Hello world and figure out if I do this, the computer does this and then you start going well what if I make it remember these eight characters and then
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: I make it
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: remember these 32 characters? And so it just kind of builds on itself,
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: City?
SPEAKER_R: it uh It's like uh because I never did like the hardcore programming languages but I did a C. Plus plus an H. D. M. O. Class in high school, is it kind of the same? You have like specific not algorithms but like those phrases you put in and like equals and yes is like you said like if and then there's a different period every language.
SPEAKER_L: A lot of them are very similar. Uh
SPEAKER_R: So it would
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: might be like slightly different syntax, so like two of them that I use a lot are are switched in a couple of things, so like PHP and then um Power shell or javascript, they all they all use different characters. So like if you're going to concatenate two strings instead of like a plus sign, PHP is a period, so it's like little things like that that will throw you off and like some languages you don't need a semi colon at the end, but others if it's not there, you're screwed. It's little things like that that you have to learn.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Makes all sense. Uh I guess my last question is I'm always curious so like is there like a Microsoft word to make like programs or scripts or do you just use like a note pad file?
SPEAKER_L: I use notepad plus plus. Uh because it it lets you save the file as a certain type of language and then it helps you color code things
SPEAKER_R: Uh Oh yeah, Okay, that's always, yep.
SPEAKER_L: and that's super useful. And then it also has some shortcut keys which end up being useful like moving an entire line, just a couple of things up is real easy. Uh But yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of people will use that. A lot of people use uh well like Power shell
SPEAKER_R: Apple here.
SPEAKER_L: which is like kind of like a C. Plus plus kind of idea, it's a Windows based thing. Uh They actually have their own app for it so you can kind of run it while you're working on it so you can kind of test what you're doing and locally. Um Yeah everybody uses what they're comfortable with. For me it was no pad plus plus because it was free and it was pretty detailed so I've stuck with it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: when you like applied for a job, did you just kind of your resume, you put like your skills like uh self top proficient in all these languages and here's like an example of what my work was, it was like. Mhm. Is that like satisfactory to get a job or like what was
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: your?
SPEAKER_L: it's like it was it was almost back doored like I got hired. I've had to I. T. Jobs one was working for the newspaper and then ones for the school district and they both hired me based off of my associates degree, which is computer network. So it was just like okay you're going to be a hardware guy, you're going to do this, oh you can code, what can you do this, can you do this? And then yeah so it's kind of one of those things and I prefer that I just don't have any credentials to show that I can do it. And almost every job I've ever had even way back when was it was like I don't want you to waste time on this and then when I'm done I showed them how much time it saves to use it every day, like this is the greatest thing ever. So like that first gig Mitchell one I created a system that went through all of our editor editor files and it would just look for the same queries every time we knew these mistakes would be in there and we had to spend all this time on it, so I just made it go through it and fix it and then give me a report of how many it fixed each time.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: So we did a math equation to figure out how much
SPEAKER_R: first,
SPEAKER_L: time that would save for all the editors to use it throughout the year and save something like $3 million or something over the year. They're like, this is the greatest thing ever.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's what, it's just stuff that people don't think of because they get stuck in their ways and uh it's just sometimes it takes fresh eyes to see a new issue and that's what I tend to lend my talents towards, is giving another point of view to it.
SPEAKER_R: like a lot of entrepreneurial kind of need in the moment, kind of absent stuff? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: continuous improvement stuff. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Cool, that's interesting. So what would you uh which one would you recommend? Some kind of thinking about taking out a book from the library? Like buying one just to get started? Like learning on the side.
SPEAKER_L: There used to be a really cool site, uh what was it called? I want to say, it was like Code Academy and I don't know if they're still up, but they had a really cool breakdown of of uh different languages and that's how I taught myself how to do J query, which is like javascript on crack. Um and it's like, Mhm. Their their way of breaking it down, made it interesting and engaging and kind of made it more step by step, kind of progression instead of like a lot of, a lot of books or classes that you might take, we'll
SPEAKER_R: Let's
SPEAKER_L: start off
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: with like a hello world and then the next thing you're doing, you're like,
SPEAKER_R: please
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: don't even know what this word means, what, why am I doing this?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Koda Cat. Okay. Is that the one where you like play a game and like code your way to whatever?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No, that's why that popped into my head because that's for the students. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I think everyone's co dot org or something. My brother recommended that one.
SPEAKER_L: don't don't do that one else for a little kid. Uh Let me see if I can find it. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: let's see if your helpful though. I'm glad I came across to you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hope. Mm No, I don't have it anymore. I have
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: to go
SPEAKER_R: case.
SPEAKER_L: searching for it,
SPEAKER_R: So what does google like introductory coding website? It should come up roughly. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: And if you want to start with python, go for it, python is pretty versatile. Uh C plus plus is still broadly used. But if you want
SPEAKER_R: Anything
SPEAKER_L: to do more web stuff then I would say start with like uh like javascript and stuff just to mess
SPEAKER_R: mrs
SPEAKER_L: with website design. Because then you could do that just locally and kind of see the effects of it.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay, cool. It's good to know. I'm glad, glad I got to talk to you then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My sister actually, she uh she just turned 50. She is trying to learn python herself. I think she found it like one of the online schools because she's down in Tennessee right now and she was like I need to do something, I need to be engaged with something, so she's going to try to do that. So
SPEAKER_R: I talked
SPEAKER_L: there's online
SPEAKER_R: about,
SPEAKER_L: stuff too.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm glad you mentioned that because uh I'm from Cincinnati and our libraries like. Excellent. I think it's only second like new york city and they have all those online skill learning sites and one of them was like specifically for the okay, I guess. I don't know, just it's more than just coding, but all that stuff and they had like our our long like 30 hour long courses, so I thought that might work too. Yeah, she did she have success with it? Does she like it or she's kind of go to something else
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. She
SPEAKER_R: joe
SPEAKER_L: this was just a couple of weeks ago, so I think she she might have just started it, but I haven't followed up with her.
SPEAKER_R: right. I took one of those classes one time uh for I was just like goofing around like a month ago, I was bored as heck. I was just sitting on call and they never called me in the whole month because the way he's flying. So I took a class on couponing and it had like uh it had like it's just a normal classes, quizzes and tests and like vocab quizzes
SPEAKER_L: Wait,
SPEAKER_R: and stuff like what's a blinky, It's the coupon that comes through the side of the island. So
SPEAKER_L: maybe. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: so I have to look that up. I like this online classes a lot. I got an A. Plus though and then they let you get a certificate, you can print out like couponing one on one and they put it on your resume.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. That's fine. So you've been having a lot of downtime then you're talking about for those coming up?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah it was the last two months I'm pretty senior uh with airlines there's captains and first officers and I was like the very top spectrum of first officers. So like when they put out a lot of work like the top of the people get to pick first and down it's called bidding. So I was about to upgrade the captain and now stuff like frozen, they're taking away planes and we're shrinking so they're gonna start
SPEAKER_L: concrete
SPEAKER_R: downgrading the captains first officers and then the bottom first officers are going to get furloughed. So I was good with our first cut. And then like a week ago they announced they were going to fertilize like another 100 people and I'm in that little segment of 100 so
SPEAKER_L: day.
SPEAKER_R: may or may not give for a load. We don't know if the government's gonna give us more money or if some people from the top of the captain's gonna take a voluntary furlough because like I don't want to deal with this. So I don't know if I get furloughed. I might uh I was looking into coding or carpentry. Really?
SPEAKER_L: Carpentry is fun too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It interested me a lot. I don't like stuff my hands. I'm a smart guy but I don't like super academic like medical suffer. So that's kind of what I'm thinking. But I don't I can't I don't know for sure if I'm getting furloughed so I can't really like start talking to people about jobs and it's just kind of a weird window kind of time so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's what we had to do at the end of our fiscal cycle,
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: ends on the end of june 1st of july. So it's uh as the school year was wrapping up this last year, they're like we need to take a furlough to save some money for next year kind of idea. So we all got furloughed, uh most of us got furloughed four days, some of us got five and then like my wife who works for the SD she got six days. So it's just kind of like that we're gonna we're gonna cut you guys right now so that we can save some money for a later kind of idea.
SPEAKER_R: Just for six days you said or like six days? Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: weird.
SPEAKER_L: like one day a week for like five weeks, six weeks, four weeks. This kind of it was a weird way to do it but they found a little loophole so that we could get our unemployment, we could get the 600 thing from the government. And so like everybody made out better than they would have. Like everyone was making like 125% more than what they were supposed to be making. As like can we have more for it though? Days I'm free.
SPEAKER_R: I think a lot of people are doing that because uh I went to my college roommate's house and Cincinnati and he's a corporate pilot and he flies for the owner of the reds bob Castellini like the baseball team. And uh I was just goofing around on his couch is like you guys you guys hiring, he's like you know who I fly for was like no but it's got to be better than you I fly for right now. He's like the owner of the reds. But he like laid us all off and he sold his jets. So uh he's like I'm paid till september 30th when the government money runs out. But rumor has it he's just so cheap that he's using this four months to let the government pay us and then he's going to get new jets on the so and he said my best bet of employment as if the reds make it to the playoffs because he's gonna look like a tight ass if he goes to the playoffs and like an suv when all the other owners taking jet. So he was like for the reds and that night they get stomped like 1 to 8 by the cubs just like you better start filing for unemployment
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: my friend.
SPEAKER_L: rough bed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah I think I think everybody's doing that. I think they're taking advantage of the government money
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: so that's good to hear. I'm glad glad it works out for you. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: It was good for a minute, but I mean are where we are right now, we have so much work that we're under water, so it's like we can't take these these days off anymore. But yeah, this next year is gonna be weird with all of that because uh sounds like a lot of people are withdrawing their students from the district, so that means less government funds being put in, then you have less people spending money here and earning money, so that's less tax dollars, so that's probably gonna be less money. So
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: we're right at the cusp of probably getting some layoffs or something coming up soon.
SPEAKER_R: Are you guys are public school district? Yes. Yeah. My mom's a catholic school teacher. You're like green school. She's she said she's so her job has always been so stable right now. It's she won't lose her job, but it's like they just every week it changes. I guess you guys are the same with governor saying you guys can go back and now he's like, no, and he's pushing back another week and yeah, she hates it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And our district is kind of
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: weird too because we have we have a very liberal governor in a very conservative town. So in our town it's like we don't need to wear mask blah blah blah kind of idea and our governor is like no you need to wear masks, like this is the thing, you need to do this. And then our school district was like well we'll push school start off by one week and then the governor is like no you really distance learning and they're like okay we'll go distance learning
SPEAKER_R: that's okay.
SPEAKER_L: but we're going to come back at some point, most of us are saying why why don't we just do this like the whole first half of the years um like that way we can plan for something instead of having to react over and over and change up everything. Apple. Either.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And if it works honestly, like maybe it'll change permanently, like maybe kids
SPEAKER_L: Bye.
SPEAKER_R: don't have to go sit in schools because I never got I'm not like classroom learner, I I don't know about you. I like go sit around for eight hours and not learn in the classroom. I go home and like teach myself in like 30 minutes what I would have learned, So
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: maybe
SPEAKER_L: was a lot like. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so maybe it will come up with something more efficient or I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah the hardest part is that social interaction because you're learning how to interact with people and everything and all the friendships that you make and things like that. So that part is really difficult and it's been
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: talking point for everybody about kids need the other kids. You know they kind of go stir crazy and I have two of my own, they're going into 3rd and 4th grade and you can see the effect on them some of the days they're just they're just moody and you try to figure out why it's just they're they're missing that social interaction with their friends. It's kind
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: of weird.
SPEAKER_R: a good point.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah the learning from a distance worked really well. We uh my kids are in christian school and they they got a much better education when all of this happened in March than what we were seeing in the public school. Yeah, like they actually had more development and better content, so
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it was still good, it was still a good way for them to learn and they both kind of absorbed it pretty well,
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you think it was because the teachers like that I've been teaching for 20 years had to like actually rework their lesson plans and like put effort into being creative or was it just like kids focused more when they were doing something different or do you think it was just the luck of the draw?
SPEAKER_L: I would say is probably uh in the public sector, it became a idea of
SPEAKER_R: it's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: like this is too new, I wasn't trained how to do this, this is unfair to me for the teachers. And in the private school it was more like, well this is what I'm getting paid for. I'm going to try to figure out how to do this. Mhm. And we saw I wouldn't blanket the whole public school like that either. Like they had some of the teachers in the admin and some of the schools really adapted to it well and kind of put an extra effort. But for the most part a lot of them are kind of jaded by the idea and they still are, even them coming back right now.
SPEAKER_R: That's uh, that's what my mom's experience in Louisville was. Exactly, she said they put in its own effort and while all the public school teachers are counted just busy complaining, like we shouldn't even have to go to work and yeah, and it's still a problem, I think that's so it's
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: definitely
SPEAKER_L: the difference. You know, you get somebody in a catholic school or christian school or private school, whatever it is and and they're there for a reason because they're not getting a big paycheck and with the public school you kind of get this more comfortable nous that gets set in an entitlement. I'm protected by the union, I have X amount of years, so I have seniority, you can't touch me kind of idea. And
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: private
SPEAKER_R: true,
SPEAKER_L: school is like I'm just here for the kids, that's why I'm here.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Who is interesting? Yeah. Yes, well
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Mhm. So if
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: we hit what's up?
SPEAKER_L: you said you're flying back out today.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I got to do uh Newport News to charlotte and then uh everything is canceling again this week because we're for american, like our ceo is like we're going to increase flying and if we don't make it will go bankrupt. Well
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: now the passenger numbers are starting to go up and now they're going back down, so it hasn't looked as bad since March and stuff starting to cancel, so I have like a pre scheduled specific flights out of fly and when they cancel, I either stick me in a hotel and charlotte for however long, but the rest of the flights for the whole trip cancelled, I wasn't supposed to go home until tomorrow night, so I'm going to try to work my magic and like paul, but the charlotte today and get in as early as we can and like run to a plane and try to jump seat on this flight back back home a day earlier, which is pretty unheard of. So that's that's what I got going on today and I try to bamboozle my way back like catch me if you can.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So are they attributing that to like the summer wrapping up or like covid increasing?
SPEAKER_R: I think it was once the the states started to shut down all of it again because people are less incentive to fly because right now all the passengers were flying or like leisure and like vacation and like last second I can get a ticket for 15 bucks to Miami type people. And traditionally it's like a really good mix between corporate business people and leisure travelers so they're really really worried like in october once the leisure season's over that's just going to be a slaughter fest. So I think that's why we're starting like reduce the schedule and see what they can do, but it's not as bad as it was in March so far Marches for us, it was empty.
SPEAKER_L: Just like a strict like drop off. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I took like a selfie on the way home and it was just an empty plane. It was so weird.
SPEAKER_L: Crazy. That'd be weird man.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's weird,
SPEAKER_L: There's a couple of pictures of like one person in a plane or you know next to nobody then there. That's weird.
SPEAKER_R: it's a weird time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I love flying. I wish I could do that more often. Honestly. It was always fun for me.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, it's it's pricey though. I don't blame people for not, I wanted to go out there right now so maybe maybe it'll be over in a year I hope.
SPEAKER_L: I hope so sooner. The better we'll stay safe man. It was really good talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good to meet you, Jeff. Have fun in Oregon,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks man. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: All right, take it easy to get
SPEAKER_L: but