Mhm. Hey can you hear me okay? Yeah
yeah I can hear you.
It's okay,
pretty good. What's going on with you?
I met
I'm in Newport News Virginia, come on, I'm in a hotel so I hope the wifi holds out. But
what? Yeah
Oregon with part.
Okay. Yeah I know. That's that cool.
I like
your
bobblehead.
Uh Yeah this is my third time. What about you? Yeah.
Uh Did you did you get that email about the last one? Like uh the payment was late and they were gonna send it? So what happened for you? Did it work out?
Uh Well my guy, I guess it was the Andrew guy, he sent a message and I was I was working and I got like two emails like okay maybe I was a witch. And uh he gave me twice by accident so yeah and then the messages like whoops a press the button twice I guess enjoy your $30 so I guess he doesn't care because the Department of defense money or tax money, whatever. Yeah, I got, I got lucky.
Um I'm a pilot for like a regional airline pilot for american. So I'm on a trip. That's just what I do. So yeah, hopefully I can go home tonight, but in Newport news for most of the day today I leave at five.
Uh No actually, I mean we're all pretty safe about it. We like wash your hands and sanitize stuff and played and like this Hilton right here when you walk in the door, they actually feel like a sticker where it's like a seal. I don't know everybody's taking precautions. I feel pretty safe,
but
I don't go out and like bar hopping stuff usually. Anyways, I just try to get some sleep and we keep a little bit. Yeah.
I do. Yeah. Because our airlines, um we go in and out of charlotte a lot, shall we? Mostly east coast, so we don't yeah, the only uh only international flights we do is Toronto and Montreal
other than ever.
Yeah, it feels international, you don't get phone service and you're my Discovery Card doesn't work, so that's all that matters, Right,
What about you, What do you do?
Awesome. Uh Are you like more hardware stuff for like software? Just Jack of all trades? Yeah.
cool. Do you make like like what inspiration do you get for the apps, is it?
Mhm.
No, it's cool because
uh I might get furloughed in october so I'm kind of trying to think, I thought about learning python, but so I'm kind of I'm really interested in like what education you had or what kind of learning process used
together
are you? Okay
just
go
the
best part
So you just went kind of went along slowly but surely like uh use what you learn and stuff built your ripped or? Okay
what
did you
think?
did you have to know the computer science background behind it? Like the harbor of computers and stuff or did you just kind of focus on the software development? I'm
sorry.
Okay so that's why it matters because I was looking up like books on how to get into it and a lot of people recommended starting with like the computer science engineering aspect and then go into programming, so I guess that's why you like would learn that, see if the computer could handle it. Okay.
Otherwise
at this range.
Just
don't
you?
Is
it uh It's like uh because I never did like the hardcore programming languages but I did a C. Plus plus an H. D. M. O. Class in high school, is it kind of the same? You have like specific not algorithms but like those phrases you put in and like equals and yes is like you said like if and then there's a different period every language.
So it would
be
Okay. Makes all sense. Uh I guess my last question is I'm always curious so like is there like a Microsoft word to make like programs or scripts or do you just use like a note pad file?
Uh Oh yeah, Okay, that's always, yep.
Yeah.
Apple here.
when you like applied for a job, did you just kind of your resume, you put like your skills like uh self top proficient in all these languages and here's like an example of what my work was, it was like. Mhm. Is that like satisfactory to get a job or like what was
your?
that's
first,
that's awesome.
like a lot of entrepreneurial kind of need in the moment, kind of absent stuff? Yeah,
Cool, that's interesting. So what would you uh which one would you recommend? Some kind of thinking about taking out a book from the library? Like buying one just to get started? Like learning on the side.
Let's
go
please
just
Mhm. Koda Cat. Okay. Is that the one where you like play a game and like code your way to whatever?
Okay, I think everyone's co dot org or something. My brother recommended that one.
let's see if your helpful though. I'm glad I came across to you. Yeah,
it's
case.
So what does google like introductory coding website? It should come up roughly. Okay.
Anything
mrs
Okay. Okay, cool. It's good to know. I'm glad, glad I got to talk to you then.
I talked
about,
yeah, I'm glad you mentioned that because uh I'm from Cincinnati and our libraries like. Excellent. I think it's only second like new york city and they have all those online skill learning sites and one of them was like specifically for the okay, I guess. I don't know, just it's more than just coding, but all that stuff and they had like our our long like 30 hour long courses, so I thought that might work too. Yeah, she did she have success with it? Does she like it or she's kind of go to something else
joe
right. I took one of those classes one time uh for I was just like goofing around like a month ago, I was bored as heck. I was just sitting on call and they never called me in the whole month because the way he's flying. So I took a class on couponing and it had like uh it had like it's just a normal classes, quizzes and tests and like vocab quizzes
and stuff like what's a blinky, It's the coupon that comes through the side of the island. So
so I have to look that up. I like this online classes a lot. I got an A. Plus though and then they let you get a certificate, you can print out like couponing one on one and they put it on your resume.
Uh Yeah it was the last two months I'm pretty senior uh with airlines there's captains and first officers and I was like the very top spectrum of first officers. So like when they put out a lot of work like the top of the people get to pick first and down it's called bidding. So I was about to upgrade the captain and now stuff like frozen, they're taking away planes and we're shrinking so they're gonna start
downgrading the captains first officers and then the bottom first officers are going to get furloughed. So I was good with our first cut. And then like a week ago they announced they were going to fertilize like another 100 people and I'm in that little segment of 100 so
may or may not give for a load. We don't know if the government's gonna give us more money or if some people from the top of the captain's gonna take a voluntary furlough because like I don't want to deal with this. So I don't know if I get furloughed. I might uh I was looking into coding or carpentry. Really?
Yeah. It interested me a lot. I don't like stuff my hands. I'm a smart guy but I don't like super academic like medical suffer. So that's kind of what I'm thinking. But I don't I can't I don't know for sure if I'm getting furloughed so I can't really like start talking to people about jobs and it's just kind of a weird window kind of time so
just
Just for six days you said or like six days? Oh that's
weird.
I think a lot of people are doing that because uh I went to my college roommate's house and Cincinnati and he's a corporate pilot and he flies for the owner of the reds bob Castellini like the baseball team. And uh I was just goofing around on his couch is like you guys you guys hiring, he's like you know who I fly for was like no but it's got to be better than you I fly for right now. He's like the owner of the reds. But he like laid us all off and he sold his jets. So uh he's like I'm paid till september 30th when the government money runs out. But rumor has it he's just so cheap that he's using this four months to let the government pay us and then he's going to get new jets on the so and he said my best bet of employment as if the reds make it to the playoffs because he's gonna look like a tight ass if he goes to the playoffs and like an suv when all the other owners taking jet. So he was like for the reds and that night they get stomped like 1 to 8 by the cubs just like you better start filing for unemployment
my friend.
Well yeah I think I think everybody's doing that. I think they're taking advantage of the government money
so that's good to hear. I'm glad glad it works out for you. Mhm.
This
Are you guys are public school district? Yes. Yeah. My mom's a catholic school teacher. You're like green school. She's she said she's so her job has always been so stable right now. It's she won't lose her job, but it's like they just every week it changes. I guess you guys are the same with governor saying you guys can go back and now he's like, no, and he's pushing back another week and yeah, she hates it.
All
that's okay.
Yeah. And if it works honestly, like maybe it'll change permanently, like maybe kids
don't have to go sit in schools because I never got I'm not like classroom learner, I I don't know about you. I like go sit around for eight hours and not learn in the classroom. I go home and like teach myself in like 30 minutes what I would have learned, So
maybe
Yeah, so maybe it will come up with something more efficient or I don't know.
Thank you.
that's
a good point.
interesting.
Do
you think it was because the teachers like that I've been teaching for 20 years had to like actually rework their lesson plans and like put effort into being creative or was it just like kids focused more when they were doing something different or do you think it was just the luck of the draw?
it's interesting.
That's uh, that's what my mom's experience in Louisville was. Exactly, she said they put in its own effort and while all the public school teachers are counted just busy complaining, like we shouldn't even have to go to work and yeah, and it's still a problem, I think that's so it's
definitely
it's
true,
yep. Who is interesting? Yeah. Yes, well
I
think
we hit what's up?
Yeah, I got to do uh Newport News to charlotte and then uh everything is canceling again this week because we're for american, like our ceo is like we're going to increase flying and if we don't make it will go bankrupt. Well
now the passenger numbers are starting to go up and now they're going back down, so it hasn't looked as bad since March and stuff starting to cancel, so I have like a pre scheduled specific flights out of fly and when they cancel, I either stick me in a hotel and charlotte for however long, but the rest of the flights for the whole trip cancelled, I wasn't supposed to go home until tomorrow night, so I'm going to try to work my magic and like paul, but the charlotte today and get in as early as we can and like run to a plane and try to jump seat on this flight back back home a day earlier, which is pretty unheard of. So that's that's what I got going on today and I try to bamboozle my way back like catch me if you can.
I think it was once the the states started to shut down all of it again because people are less incentive to fly because right now all the passengers were flying or like leisure and like vacation and like last second I can get a ticket for 15 bucks to Miami type people. And traditionally it's like a really good mix between corporate business people and leisure travelers so they're really really worried like in october once the leisure season's over that's just going to be a slaughter fest. So I think that's why we're starting like reduce the schedule and see what they can do, but it's not as bad as it was in March so far Marches for us, it was empty.
I took like a selfie on the way home and it was just an empty plane. It was so weird.
Yeah, it's weird,
it's a weird time.
Mhm. Yeah, it's it's pricey though. I don't blame people for not, I wanted to go out there right now so maybe maybe it'll be over in a year I hope.
Yeah. Good to meet you, Jeff. Have fun in Oregon,
All right, take it easy to get