Hello?
Doing great, how are you?
yeah, yeah. Mhm. Are you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Mhm,
yep. That's what I have as well. Something similar. Yeah,
I see. Okay. Do you see me? Okay,
same here, my name is Michael as well?
no
Mikey mickey, You hear it? All right, Yeah,
Yeah,
Michael help God,
My I do accounting, I do accounting. Um so just at a larger corporation, more of a service as you know uh what you call saS subscription as a service business um kind of like now now these days any software that we buy and any software re by, it's basically a subscription base a long time ago when you buy cd realm you own that software right for, but now it's all like monthly subscription, say, you know, for anything right from like netflix to anything you can think of right, Most of these things are now
yeah, for example, yeah, that's that's a SAS space model and Right, yeah, so mm
Uh inc yeah.
Say that again
what
what you need to accounting or rss um I guess I guess it's just one you know I think I like math, I like numbers. Um So I'm more of a finance type guy like like accounting like math type so that's what drew me. Yeah.
Yeah
I have a graduate degree as well, I have a graduate degree as well. Um So I I did that yeah I am doing this prolific too. It's just like a side thing. It's just a it's like my you know take a break from work and to do a little bit on the side. I like to do market research on the side too. Uh You know I I mean the money's good as well but it also keeps me insightful of all the things that's happening. Like what's going on. What are these surveys about a little bit? Yeah.
Well,
Yeah, so you do this on the side like you said, it's not it's not so much for the money right,
the
main
recently yeah.
um not so much I guess um but I feel, I mean I guess I guess everyone's still working from home because we are sas and anyways, you know most tech companies these days our work from home type of thing. So I'm okay so far
um in a sense yes or or yes any yes and and and we only sell to uh we are a B two B not to actual consumers so business to business, yeah.
uh possibly. I mean honestly all these SAAS companies are we really doing a favor to to society? Not really. Right. Like, you know, I don't know if it's how of a needy prospect it is. I just find
that
sass is just the new way of selling software to cook people in for a long term. Right? You know? Right.
Right. Like, like, like you said a long time ago, I would buy a cd room for Microsoft office now they charge you monthly, Right? You know what didn't you wanted to buy a cd rom's long time ago and use it forever. Right, And never have to upgrade. Right. But now all right. So is it really doing you it Yeah. I mean, corporations make more money off of you these days? Probably. Right, They hook you in for a long, long term. Right.
It's totally right. Yeah, they try to hook again. Right. Just, just a sneaky car dealer. Right. Yeah. All right.
Probably because they want to make the money right up front. Right. Or I mean I mean updates may be good but like a new software that has not been really tested. Right. You have you may have a lot more bug fixes or anything that you know,
you
know
sit.
Thank
you.
We we we sell software for other companies to use to help salespeople basically. We are more like a support or crm tool. Yeah.
Resell at the other companies basically. CRM two so
no no no I'm accounting but I mean I mean I cellar cellar. Right. My company yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. So yeah, I mean I mean yeah, we're talking everything. Yeah. I mean for them it's like you know, I mean, how can I say? I mean, they, I guess they do enjoy their work um you know, but
probably not right. Yeah. They don't enjoy that piece of it. Yeah.
Yeah. It's it's for you to look at, it's not for them, right?
they can. But, but it is for the manager to see what they're doing and make sure the pipeline everything right, totally right for you. It will be good for you, Right.
Together.
It's
totally. Yeah. But I mean, like I said, I think it's, I think it's hard, I guess if you don't have these tools for yourself.
What?
mm
What?
Yeah, totally. Yeah. Okay.
Similar. I think, I think, I guess the business sense is really similar, right? And like what you were saying, you know, happy employees are more productive employees, right? Yeah, There is very similar. Right? Yeah.
I think
so.
I would assume I would assume any new, any successful salespeople should be right, highly regarded in the company.
I'm not. Mhm.
trump.
I
think I think so because it's commission based. Right. Right. For for a really highly successful salesperson, probably they can make more, right? But like if it's an average one thing, I probably, you know, it'll be similar to what I make, right? Yeah, there's always gonna be exceptions, like a top salesperson, you hit quota every every month, right, then it's awesome. You can, you know. Yeah.
I think
so,
Are
totally.
Hey,
hey, Michael, we're actually at the time already, it's nice talking to you. We have really the time flies when talking to you about sales. And so thank you for your time today, right?
that was quick,
right? It was really
quick.
Yes, yes. And I'll talk about business that, that we're both kind of in the same industry, right? You know, it's interesting to kind of, you know, so totally, totally made
my
day.
I'm in California. I'm in the bay Area. Yeah,
Yeah. Where are you located?
huh.
So is the realistic, really expensive then,
right. Yeah, that's
what I was thinking for. Uh
Bigness.
What what?
target.
It. So as show meeting in medium price for the house is about 300,300,000.
I
Well,
affluent.
got it.
Thanks.
And your kids are all across the world these days.
Progress
No,
So
she's in santa barbara, so that's nice. The weather's, I heard the weather is beautiful. Um
yeah, I've been there a few times only I don't go there often, but like you know what drives down to L. A. You know take the highway one, you know by the beach and all the way straight down. You know, you just go by, it's so nice. Um But I would think that is like you said that that's heaven on earth that is like premier retirement or like vacation spot right? You can't live here forever. I think it's just too you
get too jaded.
Highway
five,
Highway 5 is the one that that's the nothing on the side right? Like it's all desert on both sides. That's highway five right? Yeah
one that's the one that I I love driving but but it takes a little longer like if honestly if you're take some probably two hours longer because it's just windy all the way. Right? So
Thank
you
yep totally thank you very much have a great day.