Hey there, how are you doing?
Oh suck. I think it's time to. Probably a good idea.
That's probably better.
Can you see me? Okay. It's affecting.
Yeah it was very good. So my name is Michael.
That's funny. Good name. Huh? You get
yeah people giving you nicknames like Mike and Nikki.
He get us most. I spent a lot of trying to make in Britain and that they make Michael Mc over there. Yeah.
Yeah like Mick, Jagger's wheel name is Michael Tiger.
So I kind of got used to nick but then my family family mike it's if anything that names you know an ems and what we like and what we don't like. So what do you do Mike?
I have have a monthly for office you know.
you do accounting for a SAS based business or businesses? Uh huh.
Yeah. What what drew you to sense or to accounting you know in general?
What what
what drew you to? Uh
And then so did you, you went to university to get a decree present there? Yeah.
Did you have to do post grad as well? What you do is just uh
same thing for me. I find uh there's one that I've been doing, it's very it's a kind of repeat they they'll have, you do uh so then then I come back to you a month, there's six weeks fried rice, you do another so make anything and that for a while and do with people's attitudes. What's covid you know my attitude, what I noticed in other people's attitude towards it and so on and so forth. And I find that one particularly interesting. Some some are just boring, you know that you have no idea what they want this information but okay, here you go kind of thing. Others, others like this one I find, you know, I can try and figure out from the questions in the way that they're asked
what it is, they're trying to get at what it is they want to better understand, you know, and that's I guess the part of prolific that I like the best but you know, I'm semi retired kind of thing. So anything that I can that I can do from home and make a little extra money is good kind of thing, you know. Yeah, the days when I made bank and didn't have to think about money gone, you know, it's funny,
well the money comes in useful tonight, you know,
there
are
exactly. Yeah, there are other things that I can do money as well and do do uh and a book came out last year and I'll make a little money money from that. Um and then, you know, it's, it's kind of like the gig economy, what they call the gig economy, you know, get a little bit of this, a little bit of that little bit of nelson, you put it all together to, to make a living kind of thing. It's definitely more difficult now than it was uh before the pandemic man. Um Just a lot of uh is that they, you know, didn't used to be there kind of, have you found that also in what you do that the pandemic has affected your work or? Not much.
Got a silk people who work from home are actually good prospects for you as customers in that case.
Yeah. But that's why I was thinking it might be more difficult for you now because so many businesses are struggling out to to make ends me. But maybe what you do actually, a savings measure, would you say that you you, you know, part of the advantage to a business of using your company is that it actually saves them money over something that they need.
and
then
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's the old thing, you know, that's business model. It's how much is the monthly as opposed to what to tear across. And if the monthly is affordable, people are more likely to think about that when making a buying decision than they are about the total house involved in the purchase. You know, it was that way with cars, for example, you know, if somebody could get a car right car, you know, and either get along from the pack or you know, at least the dealer then the monthly was what they were trained to think about it fitted the cardi lists, have them think about that other than think about the total cost of the vehicle that, you know over time, if they thought about what they would actually spend, it might come assumptions. I never shot to them. So once I was just thinking about the monthly and the monthly in affordable to them, they were more likely to go ahead and the birthdays.
I guess you could say that my pet peeve about software is that nine times out of 10 whenever they have great software, it's worse than the previous. Mm
Well
the
19
to make things more complicated, you know, just take office. For example, take a word, right word used to be a fairly simple straightforward program, you know? And then it evolved some and yes, there were more, there was more type ability in it, which is fine. But then it got to a point where I felt like they were making the changes just for the sake of engine so that they
could
charge you more money, you know what I mean? Yeah, they just they just wanted to uh, get you to have to buy it again or what. And the suffrage became more complex, but not actually, uh, in a way that allowed me to do more things with. It was just word is a perfect example, you know, So I wanted to cut and paste or underlying, you know, highlight none or whatever. It was really easy. Now I have to go searching through 15 different menus, that's right figure I had to do what I wanted to, you know, it's uh, gigi finance suffered the use our yeah,
when I was working full time, I was Director cells in radio and obviously you know, we used that, that type of software uh was pretty important. Oh, uh you know, salespeople and clients and you know what what salespeople compliance we're doing. It was just easy to track up. And I could, you know, look at a particular tales person with a particular plant Or I could zoom out 10,000 ft and look at my whole team. And what they were doing is team. So it was actually very useful software. I don't think any viable business can really exist without it. That's a good one. At the same time, I would imagine that it's very competitive. People are selling your software. Oh, I'm facing a lot of pretty stiff. Mhm. Do you do you sell it or you just do it?
so you're a salesperson, Iran?
you have got to meet them when they get back.
They probably generally enjoy this very in part of it.
Yeah. They don't like they don't feel like if they're entering information into a computer they feel like they're not helping their next paycheck. Yeah. Either I yeah
well they can use it also you know? Um
Yeah. Absolutely. But the funny thing is when I was a salesperson where I you know when it's management I actually saw the value of it. I was one of the few did and yeah whenever we changed or upgraded adore you know moved to a new platform hold sales people would grumble anything and nine times I have a channel like anyone but look at this you can figure out X, Y or Z what what I liked about it was it really wasn't that to look to put the information in president. You all right? I'm fine. And my wife has to learn that. Mm Just a ordinarily I would um But as a salesperson I felt like two things about me to do when it helped me to keep track of my funnel. Be mindful about what business had coming up, you know what I mean? Um And so so it's useful to me in that way. But it was also it forced me to look at how honest I was being with myself about the business that was in that, you know what I mean? It was like there would be different columns, you know, 100%. It's definitely going to close kind of thing. Or is it an 80-100%. It's probably going to close. was it a 50-80% where it has a chance of closing? But it's too too since second needs to have two separate particular deals that I was working with different clients and decide how to how to put them into that
software. Yeah. And I would see sometimes I couldn't wait to get the information in there man, I got a lot of good stuff going on. I got a lot of stuff in that 80-100 column. But I've also got stuff coming up in the, You know, in the 40-50% name stamper. It's going to get there. There were times when it was fun to put the information in. There were other times when for whatever reason if I just hadn't been motivated or I have a lot of business with big clients taking up a bunch of my time kind of thing. And it was a struggle to do the report because I didn't really have enough life and I wanted to convince my manager, you know? And so that was useful information me, do you know what I mean? I'm like if whenever I found myself uh scraping the barrel of anything, my manager happy, I knew I was in trouble and I needed to
do some serious prospecting kind of. Oh
absolutely, I totally I totally saw the value in it, you know? I yeah, that was only one aspect of it that I liked. I mean the other thing was I could look at that tour and look at the summary and see what I could expect to make over the coming month, quarter year. You know? It helped me to be in control of my own income and in it people didn't know what they're going to make. You know what I mean? If you're 100% commission salesperson, which I was, you have to have a way of tracking your business. Um The main thing for me in using that software was uh it was easy to use so it didn't suck up too much of my time and it was fairly straightforward and that the information they were asking for, I can understand why they wanted to look at that. I mean where I used to get uh annoyed as if there were a lot of questions that didn't make sense to me, you know that I didn't understand why they needed that information. So that that used to that used to annoy me, spend time in information that was the nowhere useful to me. I could see the use of it and that's when I would get on my imagine say what's going on with this, you know, why has this, whatever it is, new program, new, feature new, whatever what's the purpose of it, How does it help me to my job? You know, And there were some times in my manager I was fortunate, I mostly had good managers who were honest with me, you know, and and there were times when they said to me, mike, I get it. It's not useful to you, but it's useful to the company because that I or z you know, for tax reasons or for projections reasons that they know what to tell the stockholders about head of the business. In other words, you stuff that in fact me in terms of making a living but would be useful for upper management kind of thing. Um and I just I just kind of accepted that when you work as a commission salesperson, particularly for a big company, we're going to be times when you are asked to do things but don't really help you to do your job. Your you're helping
someone else to do their job. And you know, I got it if my manager was honest and said that to me only why it was just sort of the company. And I didn't mind. The times when I get uh frustrated would be uh manager was lying to me and telling me I was going to love it because expires e and I needed, it was force it, know what I mean? I knew that really I was doing it for someone else and not them it wasn't going to help me in any way and they were lying to me about it in which case I get, you know, not very enthusiastic about that particular. So yeah,
but I actually think that that's going to help it across the divide from being as passed person
to being a manager. apart from the fact that I had a background in uh psychology which help me to be, I think, um but the fact that I understood ourselves, street people thought and then they felt about things help me when I was, you know, when I had to ask them to learn a new piece of Crm for example, and why, or if it changed and I had to explain to them why they changed and what if anything was the benefit to them in the new version? The fact that I am and that experience, salesperson help me to understand myself, people felt and thought about things and to respect it and I think they appreciated that back or what people on my team that they felt they could be honest with me and that I understood um, their world and rich challenges. I didn't pay carry on would go the extra amount for me because of that. That and the fact I'm tried to make sure they were happy at work. Try to make it, uh, an atmosphere where they felt good about coming into work. They wanted to be there. They were excited about working with their other team members. They were excited about working for me. Yeah, I tried to make sure that, uh, I find that happy salesperson is productive salesforce. So, whereas a lot of managers, I don't think either they didn't realize it or they realized that, but they didn't care. Yeah, they were old school while they've got to do this because I told him to do it. They don't do it. And that's why they're asking. Yeah. And they like to manage with stick as opposed to the carrot. I always preferred managing with a carrot.
Not in radio, I don't run in your business, but in radio. Typically a successful salesperson would make more than a successful DJ or a successful programming person or uh social engineer. The sales people tended to make the most money and uh often generated some resentment in other departments company towards us. Do you find that in your company as well?
So your department to take your department, for example if you do what you do really well, you have as much opportunity to make a good living from your work.
That's
what that's okay.
Yeah. But you're not a salesperson, yours
years of proper. Do you feel like the way that you got compensated is equitable or does the salesperson,
is it you know, do they have more opportunity to make more money than you
difference?
Yeah. But it sounds like and that turned something that if you'll wake it right? Like, you know what I mean? If you're comfortable with yourself, like you feel comfortable with your role in the company
and words
that you can unfortunately. I mean, maybe things have changed now. It's been, you know, three or four years since I actually worked in radio, right? Yeah, maybe it's changed, but I worked in need to be sales for years, mostly in podcast media. But I also did to work into welcome. Um uh oh, I never, never sold um, software on its own very often software, it would be part of a package that I was selling the sweet. But um, I found that that jealousy about how much money I was making, this is how people were
and I was the manager, how much my teammate was counterproductive if there was too much and just bring
him in a
light.
Yeah, that is good.
And
it just,
yeah, it does. The fun talking someone else. His name is Michael.
On
one
last one last question I have for you. What part of the country are you in?
daughter actually lives in santa Barbara.
I'm in Asheville north Carolina, uh,
which is a little blue dot in the middle of a very bad state. You know, you have a purple state now. No, but Nashville is known for, you know, apart from the fact that it's very beautiful here. It's a vacation destination, but for artists and musicians and good restaurants and you know, it's a, there's a lot going on, but it's a, you don't have to be in a big city to get all like get it. The Taliban, people. Yeah.
Uh, it ain't cheap. But
when,
yeah, I'm sure in the bear is wildly expensive right? But
some of the most expensive deals say in the country. Um But we moved here from New Orleans and I loved I loved new Orleans. You know it's for all the
that there things about living there that are difficult. I love sitting but
we couldn't we couldn't afford the real estate. It was just the prices of real estate. We're going through the roof. And
yeah. Yeah and New Orleans is probably
Or through similar
houses probably 0.5 million end
up. Yeah. You know so
yeah I mean
I would have I don't think I would have ever left new Orleans if I could. Yeah even though my wife also makes a good living it was just we're spending way too much money on. Uh Well we haven't bought yet Virgin fortunately we were still renting but yeah you know it is what it is living in san Francisco in the bay Area. I'm sure you I know all about that.
Uh My reception is in Austin which is the whole city we enjoy going to busy him you know there's a lot going on there. Um And my daughter as a citizen santa barbara and I haven't been to visit her since she moved there. Um She moved here from new york city where she was doing her PhD. Yeah and she got her degree her PhD and moved out of the city just in time because six months later new york was wrapped up in this
uh covid thing you know in new york is the city that right, hardest at first you know and I was just very glad that she wasn't there anymore. So
she was 40. Got
out.
Oh santa Barbara is like heaven on uh
The department
she and her fiance about trying to figure out, you know what do they want to do? Do they want to rent? Do they want to buy a piece of land and build a house working there for it? I mean they both make good money but Still if you're you know they're in their thirties, you know early 30's so it's not easy to afford barbara when you know you're really just kind of starting out and you're industry, I used to love that to drive down the coast road and they never took the highway, you know what I mean? I was, one is supposed to one on one the two lane in in those days the last time I was there,
is
that
isn't there a coastal highway used to be one.
Yeah. Yeah But it's pretty as hell. That's the thing that I loved about one. It was it was very pretty. And you know, I was fortunate in the days when I was there, speed wasn't as important to me as enjoying where I was and where I was gone. I had some great adventures on on how I want two. By the time I'd have some good after the break, it's good speaking with
you. And
uh you know, it's maybe the left paris up again at some point,
take care of Michael.