SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Right there immediately. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty good, how about you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of uh can you see me? Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I have the lights often here, but apparently is enough natural sunlight too. Uh Here's to me. Um Any case. Hello? I'm john and
SPEAKER_L: I'm Justin nice to meet you. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: now comes the tricky part deciding what to talk about. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I guess uh we could start with like how did you start with prolific?
SPEAKER_R: That's boring. I said I would prolific because it's just a relatively fun thing to do for a little bit of extra money, you know, you know, provided that the surveys don't get ridiculous or obnoxious are you to like complete a five minute essay question just casually? Uh
SPEAKER_L: I feel like Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, in any case the case. Yeah. So uh go on.
SPEAKER_L: Uh have you tried any other sites besides prolific or
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: is this like your
SPEAKER_R: well user testing is something that comes to occasionally, basically. It's recording you doing actions on websites and performing you high experiments there. But uh sometimes it verges into surveys or things like that. They pay fairly well, but you don't get very many things there. And then of course there's mechanical
SPEAKER_L: Work
SPEAKER_R: turk
SPEAKER_L: that way. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: where the f you special software, like web browser extensions
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: to sort through their huge list of things to find all of that doesn't pay like a penny a minute. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That does
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: annoy Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Uh do you have like firsthand experience with those websites?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, both of them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I said,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. For the types that you're particularly like besides prolific and I think it's one of the best that I've seen.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, for sure, for sure. Um I used to do swag books if you heard of that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've never really seen them paying out anything, anything worthwhile. What's your experience?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well, I mean a couple of years back, it was like fairly well paying. Like it wasn't like prolific levels look good, but like um yeah, they were they weren't as bad as they were now, like pay has definitely let down because, you know, I used to do five weeks a couple years back and they used to host like these research panels where you like talk and like in like a chat and get feedback on products or something like market research. So um Yeah, those used to pay like $50 for like an hour, which is like pretty good, you know?
SPEAKER_R: That's very then,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And now
SPEAKER_R: come
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: like something like along the lines of like $20-25 an hour. So like has been uh has been cut by like 50%, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well I don't know how to how to do it that well because every time I go into the fact, but I see things that are insultingly uh insultingly cheap, you know, like
SPEAKER_L: I called it
SPEAKER_R: like swag points which ultimately ends up being like a buck or two for like several. I mean, if I can if you can find stuff like that, by the way, I should warn you about user testing. The problem with them is that they have a huge number of screeners that don't pay. You know you're constantly doing screen actress screener that you'll be rejected for And maybe one and 40 or 50 will be accepted for and then that'll be $10. But you have to, you have to swim through a ton of screeners to get to them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Anyway
SPEAKER_L: think I think I've heard of like other websites, have you ever heard of like
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: responding
SPEAKER_R: take it,
SPEAKER_L: or something?
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: I think they're fairly well paying. Like if you like
SPEAKER_R: Iowa
SPEAKER_L: you said they're
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: pretty hard
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: to get
SPEAKER_R: hard.
SPEAKER_L: accepted but their rates are like really good because like
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: I've heard
SPEAKER_R: nothing.
SPEAKER_L: of people getting paid up like if you get a monitor
SPEAKER_R: Forget
SPEAKER_L: test
SPEAKER_R: your touch.
SPEAKER_L: like and you get to like sit there for an hour, you get paid up words of like $150 or something. It's kind of crazy, you know?
SPEAKER_R: huh. That's nice. Okay. I have made a note to check into them afterwards. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: Any case. Well what I've taken to doing for these is coming up with a list of weird things to talk about were to explain at least and and one in London things I've mentioned to several people so far and everyone has been fairly wTf about it is this thing you may have heard of, but you probably haven't, depending on how, how much of an internet person you are have been called Blace ball.
SPEAKER_L: mm. I haven't heard of that before. Do you care to explain it to me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because to go by websites, you'd think everyone in the entire world must have heard about baseball three times by now, but no one I've talked to on these video chaps has heard of baseball. Blaze ball is a sport. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's right.
SPEAKER_R: that's just the name. They came for the, this weird thing that it is, you know, I'm sorry, were, you know, felt fantasy baseball leagues, right. The people take players and like put them statistically on team of their own and put them by a simulation against other teams and things like that. Well, I think it goes well. Blaze balls kind of like that. But it's entirely fictional players. Yeah. And with names like Jalen hot dog fingers and it's bizarre. Okay, let me begin by saying, no matter how much I tell you about this here, it's actually much weirder than it sounds and it sounds plenty weird. Okay, Blaze ball is completely simulated. All the players are made up their Chicago moist talkers is the Dallas breath mints and Los Angeles, Tacos and things like that. All the players are fictional. They have stats in different areas. They have a lot of secrets stat, in fact, that aren't exposed
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: to the interface. This is all happens on a website. Okay. And all of the games that take place, there's no not visual, if you see a text scroll that tells you about the game. So that's going on. And there's 20 teams split up into good and evil leagues And those are the Division 2, 5 each. That, that, you know, the chaotic and lawful. Um, yeah, those are DND term emphasis one of the games many, many jokes. So um yeah, baseball, uh it's basics, plays like baseball, you know, it's got bases and runs and everything. Um but all that's all stimulated. It all happened to the website and you go on to the website and you see how the games are going, you can watch their and a season is a week long monday through friday. The postseason happened on saturday and sunday is just a break. Um And I think I'll have her very early on baseball started to get strange. Uh trying to find a good entry point on just how to get into all of this weirdness. One of the things about the game I understand is that you get virtual coins right, but you can bet on games and there's no money it takes to change his hands, that there's exalt virtually all pretend money and you bet on games and you can get more money that way. And more recently, you've been able to idolize players. And if they have a player that you idolize does something well, something really good, then you get extra coins from that and you build up coins that way. And at the end of a season
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: boats, various things are put up to vote for new rules and things to introduce into baseball and you use your coin to buy vote tickets. So basically the more coins you have, the more votes you can have. Okay, it's all well and good. And many of these rules were things like, say the winning team of last season, you have to run an extra base next season in order to score a run or the losing his team last season gets an extra strike when they're up to bat. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: things like that. But another of the rules that
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: was up for a vote that very first season was opened. The forbidden book
SPEAKER_L: That sounds very on this.
SPEAKER_R: as a description of the rule. Just said it is forbidden. So what did you think
SPEAKER_L: discover.
SPEAKER_R: everyone was going to vote for
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Probably
SPEAKER_R: still?
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: one I would imagine. You know, curiosity killed the cat.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they voted for that and things started to get,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Well a new kind of weather condition was added two games at that point the solar eclipse during solar eclipses, umpires can go rogue their eyes glowing with white light and then they can incinerate players. They don't like incinerated players are out permanently.
SPEAKER_L: My, they just don't exist in the game anymore.
SPEAKER_R: Well they that sort of I mean it's not quite like that for reasons I'll get to but they are not on their teams anymore. They have to replace where new players.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. But why after the game, can you put them back in or?
SPEAKER_R: No now it's not quite as final as that for reasons will be getting to. But yeah, that first season like tweet players across the league got incinerated
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and they get replaced basically by just by the way and uh, to emphasize here this is all stimulated. The viewers have no
SPEAKER_L: Get
SPEAKER_R: control
SPEAKER_L: the car.
SPEAKER_R: over any of this at all. Except for those votes. You know, at the end of the season, the team, the players, they all make their own decisions. It's all, it's all virtual. Okay. So um, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so that started happening
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and some other, some other weather conditions entered the game like reverb and feedback, which causes like players to randomly switch teams and things like that. Um, so things like that prep and then the third season came along and one of the things that the vote was peanut and the description of peanuts was peanuts. So again, naturally everyone voted for peanuts. As a result, the giant, ominous spinning peanut God came to baseball referred to as the shelled one. It would appear to player that viewers between like games like just filling the web browser, we're just spinning and saying ominous things and it would do things like cause a new kind of weather peanuts was just littered with Fiona with peanut to then birds would come and eat them and the birds were annoying. But it also resulted in some players getting hit by giant peanuts and dig a of being encased in giant peanut shells and then just being again out of the game
SPEAKER_L: just like how they were incinerated the first season.
SPEAKER_R: sort of, they didn't actually leave their teams but they can't play anymore. Um And
SPEAKER_L: Beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: from there things are getting weirder. Like one of the things that you could after the peanut thing was introduced was they added the builder player, our viewers to buy peanuts and then eat peanuts. Which didn't have much of an effect except the game. The website kept track
SPEAKER_L: What part
SPEAKER_R: of how many peanuts were eaten. Well, someone figured out that you could buy negative peanuts.
SPEAKER_L: do you get by negative peanuts?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, by you abusing like the websites interface and someone meant to give themselves infinite negative peanuts.
SPEAKER_L: I'll come. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The shelled one did not appreciate that. And later on the shelled one, the P I it peanut after the end of one of the season's took all of the players who were in pot and peanut shells and put them on its own team. The shelled ones pods and the champion that season had to play them in A. J. RPG style in boss battle at the end of the season. Complete life bars. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Um, so it turned from a simulation game into a J RPG all of a sudden I guess.
SPEAKER_R: well It was played just like a game of play baseball and the teams toward Cord one the other team lost team spirit. Unfortunately the pods were hopelessly overpowered and yeah, the champion of that season pretty much had to be resigned to defeat. It depends the next season with the curse condition that made them play sucky. Anyway, all of this ridiculous stuff has been fueled by a fan reaction that is kind of extraordinary. There are musical, there are bands devoted to baseball. One called the garages has like 20 members and they all meet virtually on the web And a couple of their songs are got into like the top 10 I think on Spotify.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's kind of um, what's the word I'm looking for
SPEAKER_R: Weird. Sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um Any case I could go into the history of baseball but I'm not really entirely solid on it myself. Eventually the shelled one got eaten by another God. A giant squid. It's
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: to see.
SPEAKER_L: it? What was
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: quick.
SPEAKER_L: call it? What was the squid called?
SPEAKER_R: The monitor, It's called the modern because it rules over the hall of flame, which is where all the incinerated players go. The it's the hall monitor, heart, heart heart. Um And people figured out a way to bring one person at least back from incineration. That is there was one of the things that was up for vote one year was An option for them to have the 14th most idolized player in the league to change teams to go to like this one in particular team. Right play. We found out that they could hack the website and then all and they saw there that all the incinerated players were still in the database. All right. So, and they they could use it but to idolize incinerated players. So they did they idolized the aforementioned Jalen hot dog fingers. He was one of the very first people incinerated. They are incinerated. And so sure enough, she came back from the dead and joined that team. But she also gained the ability to accidentally hit players for their baseballs with constant become unstable and much more likely themselves to be incinerated in the future. So you can't win for losing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh, was the, was the m was the umpire event still like in effect like other players could be,
SPEAKER_R: Solar eclipses have not ceased through all this, although they become a lot less common now generally. I mean like three or four players get incinerated a season at most. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: how many players are in like a week, I guess?
SPEAKER_R: Um, I'm not exactly sure. 20 teams. Each team has a number of relief pitchers and people who can join, you know, if someone leaves the game for some reason, um, if it were just nine people on a team And that would be about 180. But I think there are also other people in the game. So it's more than that and I say all this, I'm more of like an observer of all this. I don't actually participate
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: I don't have an account on the website, but it's fun to listen
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: to and read about and all these crazy things these people on the internet are doing. Yeah, there's a lot more to it. There's something called the Grand Un Slam, but I don't think I can quite explain a bunch of people organized something called the snack riff ice once In order to get all the pictures on one team. And I think that they couldn't play like they were in shells or they were just, yeah. And as a result, a new player entered the game at that point to pitch for that team with the name pitching machine.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No, I thought it was funny. Uh, and if you search for baseball on the internet, you'll find all sorts of ridiculous, not just music, but fan fiction and illustrations and a lot of hardcore insanity. Anyway that's about as good a primaries baseball I think as any, I mean there are Youtube videos explaining all this and websites including some a couple of sports sites that have reported on this thing in any case. Very ridiculous. Uh So have you seen any ridiculous crazy things internet lately?
SPEAKER_L: Not to the extent that you have like, I've, what do we never heard of waste ball and like this giant like colt falling around it. Like what you described was like, yeah, I kind of like a, like, I don't know, they were like practicing like voodoo magic and like just like worshipping this game like, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Uh Well it's all tongue in cheek and I don't think anyone is really that hard core into it, but some people are really into it. I can't think we're absolutely certain. Uh Let's see what else is there. I I have a list of possible topics. Yeah there is a fan fiction story I became aware of recently entitled Bruce
SPEAKER_L: can't.
SPEAKER_R: Wayne is banned from walmart. It's written by this person who's internet name is Unpretty and she writes a lot of D. C. Universe stanford, I assume, you know what I'm talking about when I say Dc Universe batman superman. You know. Yeah these days it's pretty ubiquitous and you have a hard time finding anyone who hasn't heard of this stuff. But it used to be that comments were actually kind of obscure. You know I think I guess it all ended in the 70s. Well I don't know I guess it would be as a way for that sort of pop cultural things that started Well yeah Bruce Wayne is banned from walmart is this weird little story about tim drake Robin at that time uh and a Snapchat you know playing around with things like making Bruce Wayne do various things and he would report on a Snapchat like insisting at two in the morning they go to Denny's and that he ordered a moon over my hammy so that he would have to say it out loud. Uh huh. And other stuff like that. Because Bruce Wayne is a bizarre combination of skills and he's picked up from various places. That doesn't occur to him to hide it, like, tim will sneak a ghost pepper into Bruce Wayne's food one day and he'll just keep
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: eating and not change expression or do that with chocolate covered crickets. It turns out, Bruce wayne can look his own elbow, Bruce wayne can lasso a rogue robot lawnmower. And whenever asked about this, Bruce wayne just says I did go to college tim. Yeah, and that becomes a meme, like in the Gotham City internet, you know, if something crazy happens, if someone does something crazy, someone expression just as I did go to college tim. And the star uh feature on tim drake Snapchat is Bruce Wayne is banned from walmart, which has to do with him begging Bruce Bruce Bruce. You need to go to walmart. I need it, go get out for to take you. Yeah, I can't, it's a surprise for Alfred. You say. You can't surprise Alfred. That's not a permission thing. You literally can't surprise Alfred. It's impossible. And he's trying to read his book, which is like a history of denim, right? Because of course, that man does a little bit of everything, which is part of the character. So eventually he imagines to get Bruce Wayne to go to walmart and uh well, uh,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: just and it's just basically shenanigan throughout the thing, you know? It's like uh end up in the toy section, bru and they note that there is this is coffin city walmart, Of course, yeah. There's a shelf full of Superman merchandise and the streets for batman merchandise is completely empty. Like, it all sold out, Bruce Wayne is taking a picture, it says, uh, are you assuming that picture to Bruce? Just a friend of metropolis?
SPEAKER_L: Like that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, Metropolis sucks. Every flint says yes, Yes, it does. Uh, and towards the end, Bruce Wayne is actively unionizing the employees of wal mart or saying, look, if they fire you here, we have plenty of entry level positions that way in industry, as you understand, what do they pay you here? It's like minimum wage. We have decent health plans in and the manager is coming over and trying to stop Bruce Wayne from poaching their employees.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's amusing.
SPEAKER_R: At the end, Bruce Wayne has discovered what I consider to be the greatest shame of walmart, which is, I don't know if you've ever been to walmart, If
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you haven't.
SPEAKER_L: have. I have.
SPEAKER_R: My condolences. In the town I'm living.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: It's basically half of all commerce. Mm
SPEAKER_L: really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And the back of walmart, there's the pet section in the back of the pet section, there is the shelf of the better fish that is, can't be kept in aquariums with other fish because they'll attack near the fish. They can't be kept wilder betters because they attack each other. So the benefits are kept and these tiny, I'm not exaggerating plastic tubs with water and what the shape I'm making is literally the size of the tubs. There's no room is one at all. These fish will probably die in those tubs. If you let your mind wander to it, it's horrifying. And to his credit in this Bruce wayne is suitably horrified by the shelf of the beneficial. And he's bought like their entire stock and 100 gallon aquarium to put them in because he's so offended by this. And at the end of story, basically bought the walmart is having it. Ray is just gonna put like one of his own stores there. Hey guys, it's an entertaining story if you ever stop to look for it. Yeah. Any case, it's actually 1226 now and we are done.
SPEAKER_L: All right. A I guess I guess you could do whatever with the was like $14. But yeah, that conversation is really interesting. I liked the interesting stories you brought up.
SPEAKER_R: well, it's it's the type of thing where I basically got sick of just trying to figure out something ran to talk about, you know, throughout the whole time. So I eventually just came up with some set things to talk about and just
SPEAKER_L: it was quite different from my all my other ones and I couldn't say I didn't like it. It was very intriguing. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, what people, what do people usually talk about these conversations? We are a little
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: over time, but I'm kind of curious.
SPEAKER_L: Um Well, I mean there's a wide variety of topics, but we generally straight to like um like the pandemic right now what we're doing. I don't know, stuff like that really. Like maybe like a bit about society, about a bit of philosophy. Uh Philosophy talk something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, a lot of these things are kind of random and they make people not boring but depressing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Any case. Well, I won't take up anymore of your time. Thank you for talking.
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: And I hope uh it was interesting and good night