Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
Oh,
I'm pretty good, how about you? Yeah.
Yeah,
I'm Justin nice to meet you. Mhm.
I guess uh we could start with like how did you start with prolific?
I feel like Yeah.
Uh have you tried any other sites besides prolific or
is this like your
Work
that way. Mhm.
No.
Yeah.
What?
Uh do you have like firsthand experience with those websites?
I said,
Yeah, for sure, for sure. Um I used to do swag books if you heard of that.
Um Well, I mean a couple of years back, it was like fairly well paying. Like it wasn't like prolific levels look good, but like um yeah, they were they weren't as bad as they were now, like pay has definitely let down because, you know, I used to do five weeks a couple years back and they used to host like these research panels where you like talk and like in like a chat and get feedback on products or something like market research. So um Yeah, those used to pay like $50 for like an hour, which is like pretty good, you know?
Yeah. And now
it's
like something like along the lines of like $20-25 an hour. So like has been uh has been cut by like 50%, you know? Yeah.
I called it
I
think I think I've heard of like other websites, have you ever heard of like
responding
or something?
I think they're fairly well paying. Like if you like
you said they're
pretty hard
to get
accepted but their rates are like really good because like
I've heard
of people getting paid up like if you get a monitor
test
like and you get to like sit there for an hour, you get paid up words of like $150 or something. It's kind of crazy, you know?
Uh
mm. I haven't heard of that before. Do you care to explain it to me?
Yeah, that's right.
Whoa.
I don't know.
Okay.
Good.
That sounds very on this.
discover.
Thank you. Probably
that
one I would imagine. You know, curiosity killed the cat.
What?
My, they just don't exist in the game anymore.
Okay. But why after the game, can you put them back in or?
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah.
Get
the car.
Yeah.
What?
just like how they were incinerated the first season.
Beautiful.
What part
do you get by negative peanuts?
I'll come. Yeah.
Okay. Um, so it turned from a simulation game into a J RPG all of a sudden I guess.
wow. That's kind of um, what's the word I'm looking for
Yeah.
What
was
it? What was
he
call it? What was the squid called?
Yeah. Oh, was the, was the m was the umpire event still like in effect like other players could be,
how many players are in like a week, I guess?
What
is
it?
And
Thank you. Yeah.
Not to the extent that you have like, I've, what do we never heard of waste ball and like this giant like colt falling around it. Like what you described was like, yeah, I kind of like a, like, I don't know, they were like practicing like voodoo magic and like just like worshipping this game like, I don't know.
can't.
All
Mhm.
Like that. Uh huh.
that's that's amusing.
I
have. I have.
What?
really?
All right. A I guess I guess you could do whatever with the was like $14. But yeah, that conversation is really interesting. I liked the interesting stories you brought up.
it was quite different from my all my other ones and I couldn't say I didn't like it. It was very intriguing. Mhm.
Of course.
Um Well, I mean there's a wide variety of topics, but we generally straight to like um like the pandemic right now what we're doing. I don't know, stuff like that really. Like maybe like a bit about society, about a bit of philosophy. Uh Philosophy talk something like that.
for sure.
My