Yeah. Can you see me okay? Cool.
Hi. I'm Hannah.
Yeah. Nice to meet you too.
Trying to make some extra money and I took
a break from
school.
I
don't,
I didn't know. Okay
cool. We're already on the same page then. Um and I'm not working. I'm like in between graduated college and graduate
degree, so I'm like in that hard middle where I haven't applied anywhere and I haven't taken the test or anything. Just
yeah, it's like living at home, but I'm
like
I did some spending money.
right. Like I assume you're in America. Okay. Yeah. I was pretty sure that's where the study was taking place, but I wasn't entirely sure. Have
you ever done this before?
Did you actually, wow.
I like I did this exact same thing but like a month ago.
I totally get that.
Who
Get that? $15? Yes.
I'm
always like super like nervous
but at the same time part of me is just like, it's fine. It's just like a 25 minute conversation. I'm sure they're nice. We're all here for money is cool.
I'm
not.
Yeah, I could kinda, I can see that. But the first person that I had was a girl and she was like, it was, she was like, so tell me about yourself and I'm like, well I'm living with my parents and I'm waiting on school. What about you? I have my PhD on my garden, like, like successful blossoming human and I'm like, oh,
that's
Right, right. I was like putting your doing a prolific, your life is like perfect.
Like I'm on here cause I'm poor two. I'm interested in research to, but like,
well
I'm,
come
on, do it three. Not really.
norman
They
don't know.
So I've heard of something like that before, but I've never looked into it because I guess I just didn't really understand like the concept of it. Like I don't I didn't get how that would work, you know? Like do you just do they give you lesson plans? Do you have to like go on like at a certain time every day? Like is it a full time job kind of a thing?
And
right. Yeah. So you got, the thing is it's like I mean I speak english but like and I can tell you what a verb and an adjective like that's it,
that's
it.
Yeah, like don't ask me about like past participle and stuff like that
morning, you know, maybe maybe like you asked me 10 years ago when I was in school and currently learning that like yeah maybe I can tell you. But that's like one of those things where it's like in one year at the other, I already forget it.
Psychology actually
one
it's really I mean I had a lot of fun, some of the classes were a lot harder than I thought they but like very interesting class and I actually learned about how to conduct studies and stuff. So it's kind of interesting like you know, part of doing these studies is like they give you like the consent form and all the other stuff and I was like, hey I did something like that for like one of my classes.
Right, that's actually what I want to go to grad school for is neuropsychology. Yeah. So
like
it doesn't seem like there's a lot of information but I'm like, it's like one of the things that I was super interested in, like I had to take a physiological psychology and it was just like information information information, but you can like get like really interesting jobs with it. And I probably wouldn't, I probably go like the clinical side, I don't think I would conduct any studies or anything. But like yeah, that's like mainly my focus. Like I know a lot of people who go in it for a bunch of different regions, like some people are like oh I want to be like a child, you know therapist or something like that. And like I originally got into someone to do uh marriage and family therapy but then I was like oh that neuroscience is really cool and but at the amount of like studying I know I have to do is just
what are you majoring in?
why not?
I did.
I mean
I
guess
that I mean I remember in high school it was like you have like the drama kids who were also all like the
singers in the choir and stuff. They definitely did have like a clique kind of things you like feel like every a lot of professions have those stereotypes but some more than others. But I didn't come with that kind of like our drama can be kind of weird and music can be kind of clicky and yeah.
All
Ooh.
that makes sense.
I
would
like
super
story about being around people too. So
for people like, like were they like cliquey or were they like, like did you just not feel like a part of, I think a group like do they exclude people?
I
don't know what to call it.
That I'm sure it is like all about competition. Because with music like I, I could be totally wrong. So like correct me if I am wrong. But like isn't it like hard to break through with music? Like don't you? Isn't there that kind of type where like you have to be like out there and you have to kind of like, you know, leave some people behind if you need to like it's, is it not? It's like
every
man for himself. It's at certain points, right? Like unless you plan on teaching music, like
I
don't,
I don't know what, what you do with it if, if not creating your own. Like usually people are like, I'm in it. Like for me, you know, what's it like a band or something?
But you still have that as like an amazing hobby. You know, rolling.
That's, that's the great part I'm sure is that it's like
at least now you don't have to worry about, you know, getting sick of it or anything.
I mean
it does seem like you have a lot of fun. I didn't know anybody who went into music, but like, I don't know. I feel like those classes would mean, are they?
And
that's cool. That's fine. See, I want to do african mm home circles like, man, let me tell you learning about that is way better than learning something like anatomy even.
Yeah, it's a lot. I I managed to avoid things like anatomy like in high school I did very badly. One high school. Several
college
is no.
Yeah. And honestly, I found that college is a lot better for me than high school anyway because high school was just like,
they
we
are I need to be terrified when I was in like, elementary, middle high school because I felt like all of them were like, you were going to die in college, You're going to get there and your professors are going to care about you. They're not going to take attendance. None of them, they won't pause for you and you, they have a power point. That was not my experience at
all. Like literally my teachers were like, if you need extra time, just pull me aside. I don't care. I will drop everything. I will drop my
wife
and Children from there were always like, so like helpful. I was like, wow, how are you better than like all of my high school features,
I remember I was in middle school, like a middle school. It was a middle school history teacher and like, I'll never forget I was sitting there in my class and she, she was actually pretty young. So I don't know if she had just gotten out of college or whatever, but she was talking as if like college was like the worst thing that ever happened and I remember she was like, you
guys
will just
never
be prepared, you're just going to have to, but if you guys are going to college, just know that you're on your own and going to be so difficult and you just have to power through it and you're going to fail some classes and just happened and I'm sitting there like absolutely terrified, thank you
of
this
class.
Yeah, exactly. And then you get to college and you walk in the class and the teacher is like, so
what we gonna show up with? Uh
they won't even notice like someone would hand out attendance sheets and like not even look at them. Like I had a couple classes where it was like 10 people went out the first couple of times and then teachers were like, yeah, you know, the school wants us to take attendance now, but I'm not really about it. So I just say all of you guys are were like okay, something about, it's for like financial aid I guess. But I just had so many teachers you were like, oh that's okay. And other teachers were like, hey, I've added attendance to be like 5% of your final grade just to encourage people to show up.
I've had some teachers who do that and others are just like whatever. Yeah.
I
imagine it's like all participation, right? Like I don't know how
my
friend is an art major and I feel like it's like similar in that where like, so you know, welding, okay, she had a world in class that went online
and like I've asked her maybe on five separate occasions, how are you doing this? And every single time she's just like, I don't know like
I just
read stuff, but like I haven't turned anything and I'm like how could you, how do you do that online? Like saying like music, like any kind of fine arts degree, how are they learning? You're not turning in any art, you're not like, you know, practicing any kind of instrument.
I just, I don't know how they're surviving this. Yes.
no,
you look like a
It
completely halted everything like everybody that I know, they were just like, yeah, I have plans to do this or that. You know, I had one friend who was planning on going to europe, he had to cancel that. And then I have the other friend who is an art major and she's just like, I don't know what to do with my life right now. I
don't even know if I can go back to school. It's like some people like mildly inconvenience
and other people are just like I'm stuck.
You're
what? I'm out.
that's cool. Does he like go the different right studies inside like places like does he go to different conferences? Like
Okay,
Yeah. I'm sure they just like postponed it. A lot of things right now are just being like they're just like yeah to be determined.
Yeah, they are super interesting. And I we we watched we ended up watching like a lot of videos and stuff with my classes because sometimes it be like my teachers would be like here this researcher
can explain it way better than
really. They really be like here's this person, you need to like study what
they say because what I say is not gonna be like, there's a lot of like I felt like there was a lot of self teaching as well. At least at my school there was I had a lot of teachers who are like you just have to read a lot. Like it wasn't so much like hands on. I mean like the cognitive psychology was probably the most like interactive a class. But yeah, I don't know. I can't imagine like what he's studying is easy by any means and there he like has to do a ton of research
especially for a team
like that. So it sounds so cool.
like
that is insanely cool.
Money.
It absolutely should. Like, especially if it's something that interests you because when you find something like that and you can just like really like put in the debt because honestly I always say like the hard, hardest part is just learning and knowing what you gotta do because as soon as you're in your element you'll feel like way more comfortable.
I notice like when I was taking some of my classes, it would be like at the beginning this semester I feel like nervous and stuff. But by the end, you know after like we would be assigned like a research project or something where we have to research something ourselves and present, you know uh like findings and what not at the end of the year. And it be like at the beginning I feel like I don't know you know what I'm talking about. But then by the
end of the year I've done so much research on it. It was just like a million times easier because I don't like public speaking or anything. Like I'm not somebody who likes to get up there, but if I know what I'm talking about, right, you just gotta you just gotta talk, you know, it's just like talking to like a friend or whatever. It's just like, hey, I know this really cool effect,
Right. Yeah. I literally talked about, I talked to my psychiatrist recently and like same thing, she was talking about antidepressants for me and she was, she was like uh I started thinking I was like, oh man, I know like how that works in the brain, like, you know.
And
it helps
determine
whether or not something is like safe or not. I mean,
there I
sometimes they're just I mean, and that's always the thing too. Like when I was considering being a therapist, I was kind of like looking up and I considered shadowing somebody at one point and stuff and I remember I went to therapy one time when I was in middle school and the therapist that I had was absolutely terrible. Like I it was bad for experience and because I would tell her like all my problems and well that's the point when he was just like, yeah, I have a break. I want to hear that
like what she was little like, I don't know. So
it's like some people are in it for like
the decent paycheck and then other people are actually there because
they want to help,
you
know, like
you got
to find
the people
who care.
I wonder why that is like, is it just because they've been doing it for song maybe? Like, I don't know,
I've
changed and it's a lot more serious like uh huh Back in the day to say you were a doctor if you owned a saw and just said like, hey yeah, I know how to amputate. And he did my cousin's dog one time when I was like seven and I got rid of like,
like I could do it on a person, I could do it on a wood. Is that like Barrett
will like go to school? You know? Sure.
So
Yeah, because I think they know like how complex it is. I mean like even the my physiological psychology teacher was a neuropsychologist and she was like, listen guys, we know nothing about the brain. It's like we know like this much information about something that's like this big, it's like we, we don't understand how things work. So some of your questions, I'm just gonna have to be like, hey, we're still studying because it's such a new, it's such a new thing. Like even in the past few years, it's like so many studies
have been conducted in new findings happen like every day and it's just like science has gone through. Wait.
Yeah, exactly. Like thank you because I feel like mental health is definitely something that people need to talk about more
very serious. Uh huh.
Yeah. And like recognizing the patterns too because some people, I mean it's just like, I don't know if somebody's having a meltdown, like don't label them as crazy. Like they could be
any other number of things. I mean like it's more like you got to look at your fellow people as like, okay, this is the person that needs help. Not this is the person that I don't really around or I would avoid or whatever. It's just like I have some family members who when I was going into psychology they were like, oh that's okay. Like I got told that I used to be a waitress. And so people would like ask me like, like small talk with people all the time, you'd be like, what are you majoring in psychology? Like okay,
what
like it's a low bar kind of like people take it just because it's easy, kind of a kind of a thing. But it's like it's really a growing, you know like topic
I mean people are getting more more interested about why are we the way that we are, we can't just like labelling everybody is, you know this or that when it's obviously a lot more
complex.
Yeah. It honestly really was, was like, people were like the amount like, uh, so obviously being religious like, oh no, you have to deal with like some really variable people, but you just gotta smile because that's the way the food service works. People
would be like, oh, your psychology, Well, I might have to hire you and my family is pretty crazy or people
Or like the amount of times people, people were like, oh, don't, don't analyze me. Like I had one guy who was like told me to just not go to school, like he was like, just drop your major. And I was like, like this is probably the craziest conversation I had ever had. He was like, you don't need it. Listen, when I look at people, I can tell how they're feeling. You don't need to pay this college to go here because let me tell you something, it's all about body language.
You know,
what
does that have to do with like any I don't know. Some people think that they already have to, I'll figure out. And it's like a study in guys.
No, I didn't have the chicken. Great.
I
don't
play.
You
know,
Does your boyfriend?
Yes. Somehow I avoided taking chemistry like my
entire school life when I was in high school, I didn't take chemistry. I took
my sophomore year, I actually failed my physics class. I
have
been a teacher and a half blame just who I am as a person because I'm not good at things like that. Anyway. But then also
the teacher that we had ended up getting fired because she was so bad. Long story short. So what ended up happening was
she
like gave me an f at the end of the year and like I'd never like flunked out of a class. I've done really bad but I've never flunked. And so apparently back to you, take it online they're like you should go to earth sciences and send a chemistry. So that a lot of people who did that in physics into like earth science which is just like, I don't know like kind of like geography kind
of
like
yeah okay. It just felt very like this has literally nothing to do with chemistry. It wasn't even like baby chemistry it was just like not chemistry at all.
Yeah and I was like okay I guess for good.
Well
rented.
See I did have to take another physics class but that was like early on I think that was one of the basic requirements. Like it was like a hey, this isn't related psychology, but you got to get it out of the way, like where the decor four classes I think. Um So yeah, they made me take physics again, but this time I didn't want
that's great.
Yeah, but chemistry is just like, oh, uh huh.
And
honestly I'm kind of expecting to have to take something similar if I go into neuropsychology and I'm kind of more ready for it because it's something that's very much interests me. But chemistry just blank chemistry, like if I can't find like something interesting and what it is that I'm learning, I like disassociate, I'm like, nope,
don't do it, I'm out.
Good
dear.
it was super fun talking
to you, Good luck with everything.
Dreams that
by