mm. Can you c c Me?
Hi, my name is Elissa.
It's nice to meet you.
So what are you doing on prolific?
Something
or
what?
Me
too
forget.
Thank you.
That stuff's hard
me
too.
For real. And plus it's kind of hard to get a job right now that isn't gonna get you sick. Yeah.
Who knows?
Uh Once I actually did it yesterday.
Um
I know they like sent me like the survey a few times but I haven't actually done it until now. Um Just because I get like kind of anxious so talking to new people kind of freaks me out sometimes. Yeah.
Here I am. No, I'm gonna reach out of my comfort zone for the extra
extra moolah.
Uh That'll
pay for like a
party,
It's always weirder for me when it's a guy like the last
person
was a guy. Yeah.
You know
what? It's either people that really want to contribute to research or people that are like really poor.
That's amazing.
Yeah, but the main the main port here is
kind of
getting some extra
cash.
There's also if you want to know about more about making money online, there's this website called Cambly Where you can like tutor
people from foreign countries in English. So basically just talk to them like this but they kind of aren't that great at speaking English. So you kinda have to help them through it and like
explain
things, but it's so easy because all you have to do is talk and you get paid like $11 an hour.
You really just it's on your own basis. So like you can schedule yourself whenever you want. You can ask to only get beginners who just want to kind of chat instead of like the nit picky like proverbs or whatever. I don't know, english that well, I
was in like, I don't know like the specific grammar stuff, but.
Mhm. Yeah, it's
just like
conversational.
I know.
for real. Um So what was your major, like, where'd you get your degree in?
Really? That's so
cool. I love psychology.
my boyfriend um he also, well he's majoring in psychology, he's not done yet because my grade level or whatever is technically like a junior. Um So he's doing that, but he's he's been taking summer classes and I've been helping him with the summer classes, so I just like knows way too much about like the neuroscience behind like psychology
That
stuff. It's insane.
Oh my gosh. Um what?
Um I was music education but I'm kind of rethinking that like I just don't love it. Like I mean I love music, I love performing and all that. But like something about music school and like that community of people. I don't really like it.
You know? That's not bad. Um This is gonna sound so stereotypical but they really are just kind of like egocentric and I don't like that. Like I like
to just make music. Yeah. I
don't want to
be like
competition.
Just.
I just didn't find it worth it. So
I am switching over to like informational technology um hoping
to like kind of get into like the whole front end and back in like web development type of thing. Because I just think it's cool like I can still express myself but I don't want to like be around people. Yeah,
I
know that sounds
so
it's
going
Yeah. I just with with music school you're around people all the time because you have rehearsed all the time and I just couldn't do it. It's too exhausting.
Um This is just kind of a thing I've noticed like in patterns of music people like
throughout my life,
right? Um But this is just like, yeah, they just act like they're better than everyone else no matter who it is. And it's just everyone's always competing with you. It's like they secretly hate you. Even if like even if they don't actually like they still see you reading that rather than an equal. They like see you as something beneath them just because they want to get better and be the best, you know? And I don't like that.
So
true.
Even
if
you do.
And I just realized like that's not my place. And I know like the next like 40 or whatever years that wouldn't make me happy. So go to something else.
definitely.
Thank you.
Mm hmm. Um Like I've always always preferred studying and like going to libraries and like doing like that whole like actual school thing. So I was always jealous of like the other majors. Which is so ironic. Like usually they're like, whoa, you guys seem like you have a lot of fun but I don't
know.
the classes are fun. Yes. I took this one class um called percussion techniques and it was so much fun because we just did like
different like drums together. Like we had like an african like circle, like drum circle and it was amazing.
I can get behind that definitely. I don't like Anatomy as much. I definitely prefer to skip that class in high school.
It's all
pretty circumstantial
at that point. It's all pretty circumstantial in high school.
Uh huh. They're so hard on you for
no
reason.
Sam.
Part
of that.
that's exactly how it was. Oh my gosh, that's just on point.
You
know,
you
know,
and it's
nothing
like
that,
it's
like the syllabus. Okay. Another thing like that I've noticed like it's very like college oriented is how they'll hand out of syllabus that says like attendance is mandatory, like for every class and you'll be gone for like five days and they won't even notice.
not
I know for a lot of the music classes that I took, the participation was like 40%, so you had to be there
like
it
depends.
You know what? Okay.
Yeah. How does that
work?
I
like I'm so glad I got out when I did because I started my break right before all of this because I hit my head, which sounds really silly, but it's
fine now, like I'm good, I'm completely,
yeah, but I hit my head in like october so I just took the rest of the semester off because I was also dealing with like issues, you know, like mental stuff, so I was like whatever, I'll take this opportunity to take a break. Um but then all this stuff started, so I
really lucked out.
Yeah we were
Question
for me it was the mild inconvenience because I had put myself out of that fast.
Hello?
I think the biggest thing that was cancelled was I was going to go with my boyfriend to a psychology conference in California but that got canceled. I think it's for biofeedback.
well he's on a research team um
specifically for biofeedback so um that's kind of like his research teams thing so that's why they were gonna all go to this conference but I think they're going to go again next year probably if it's still happening.
I love those conferences like anything like that. They're just amazing.
All
that's for me.
Work.
Yeah but it's
like.
it's interesting like I kind of want like a biofeedback like E. G. Machine and like to do my own biofeedback because
it's like
oh yeah it's expensive though. Like
I wanna do you know how like biofeedback can like help with like anxiety and things like that that's what I want to do because like even like at the beginning of this call I was like hey I get kind of anxious talking to people. So like if I like put myself in those situations and like did biofeedback to like kind of helped myself. That's pretty beneficial. I'd say so.
So true literally. I'm so true. You're speaking with
Does.
Um My favorite part of psychology is honestly like the pharmaceutical stuff like I just think that's so interesting like it's just so interesting to hear about and I love like talking to my psychiatrist and being like, yeah, I already know that the drug does that, or like
goodness. And it's so interesting because then you can definitely identify like if you're having like symptoms from like withdrawal or like upping the dose or anything like that, like, you know, because you literally know the information, so it's just easy
to
figure
out.
Yes, because sometimes psychiatrists are wrong. Yeah.
Yeah, sometimes they're terrible.
What
the heck,
look.
so
true.
I
find
that the
younger
ones are better.
Mhm. I find that the younger therapists are kind of a lot better than some of the older ones. Yeah,
they're
worn out.
That's
terrifying.
It's
so true. And I even find that the younger therapists are like more empathetic.
What?
I mean, that's a good thing, especially right now.
definitely.
Even if like, I know like some people are like, oh, like all of your problems are like, okay, like you can act any way you want, it's okay, but like that's not quite it. Like, like we need to talk about mental health, but we need to talk about how to be like how to solve the shoes rather than let them be okay.
I don't know.
What
does that even mean?
Definitely.
definitely.
I know like a lot of girls I went to school with would always be like, my life is so hard, I'm going to go to college and like major in psychology and that was like the stereotype and I think that's where that comes from.
For real. I've been made
that Uh huh.
It's
so much 4th
not.
For real. Did you have to take organic chemistry?
But
I was gonna say
like,
if you had to, you really locked out that you didn't
have
to.
I'm not sure. I think he's like chemistry, at least at least chemistry, which makes sense, but
dad,
why don't? Mhm.
It looks
as hard.
What?
How
about this?
I
know
what that is.
river rocks and sediments.
Um I actually took physics my junior year online and oh my gosh, it was terrible. So I dropped out of that like immediately and I found that chemistry was 10
times easier than physics. Like
I loved chemistry. Yeah.
just
a little extra reinforcement.
once you started if you ever if you ever like take a chemistry class in your future, like you, you'll realize it's not as fat as it
seems.
I want to go.
All right, well, are 25 minutes is up and I have to go switch laundry. It was actually
super
fun talking to you. Like
you,
too.
You too. Bye.