SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. And Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: How's it going?
SPEAKER_L: don't I'm going good on you,
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing well.
SPEAKER_L: I can't What?
SPEAKER_R: Alrighty well, set the timer for 25 minutes. Right okay. Is this your first time doing this?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, this is my foster, Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I've done this a couple of times. It's pretty interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So um like this is the first time I'm trying to scare them, but whenever I come around, I don't see anybody in those, so. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I had that happened one time but I just rescheduled for another time and the person showed up so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is everything going with you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: are going well. Um you know we're surviving the Covid and the lockdowns and everything. So how about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm finally we're just trying to manage, you know, uh with the kids in the house and everything, you know? So it's kind of a little bit stressful.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. I've got I'm married and we've got four kids so.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness. I have like two right now and we're
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: expecting on the ted Warm X. Uh Thank you, wow. So how how about this pandemic? How are you seeing the whole situation, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I keep like I want to believe that we're all being locked down for a reason, but at the same time I don't like there's not any evidence to back it up. So I just keep thinking well why do I have to wear a mask and why can't everybody just go back to work so
SPEAKER_L: Animal.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I'm the same here, you know? So I'm kind of, you know, so sometimes I just think about, you know, my kids going back to school and I'm gonna actually know what we happen in whether they actually because now they are talking about school regime um representation of school. So the school will start opening the reason. But I'm kind of trying to decide if they would go back if they will stay at home. Because I don't know because right now, like, like I'm hearing um the kids florida, most of them, they say they have Covid Um like most of the case. Yeah. You know, the most of them contacted this, COVID-19. You know? So I don't know, You know whether to, you know, allow them to go back because right now I'm scared because I don't know what is going on. You know, COVID-19. I don't know when the whole thing is going to stop and the person they are talking about is not, you know, yet out, you know? So I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know either. I'm not too worried about my kids going back to school because it's not really dangerous for Children. I just don't, I don't know both there.
SPEAKER_L: like you can't say it's not dangerous because you know um Yes they say it's for older people in the because of their immune system you know right away but you know kids you know right, I don't know for kids but you know, I think the separate version is better than you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so so that was the whole um but you know it's always good to you know protect them no matter what because I don't know, you know what to believe I want not you know. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm sending my I'm more worried about sending my kids to school having to wear a mask than I am about the virus just because like there's so much in the news right now about the Children being abused and Children being kidnapped and all this stuff. And like if you put a mask on a kid that just makes it even harder for people to keep track of who's here and who's not. And so I'm kind of worried about that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true you know and another thing is kids were in mind, I don't think all of them will continue to wear much like for how long would they continue to wear max you know because you know this mask and we don't need is not kind of easy because it's not like even me as an as you know the only person I can't read very well inside of the mask and then let a lot of kids, you know like my my three year old sometimes when you put it, you can't even last like five minutes who just remove the whole thing. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Well, and I just, I don't know how they're going to keep the masks on the kids in school because, but I don't know, I was a teacher for a couple of years, I taught in elementary school and it was trying to get kids to do anything like that. I mean I had kids I I couldn't keep their shoes on, their feet, they take their shoes
SPEAKER_L: Thanks,
SPEAKER_R: off, and I'm like, if this kid can't keep his shoes on,
SPEAKER_L: shoes.
SPEAKER_R: how is he going to keep the mask on? So,
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: know. I don't know. We'll see what happens, I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh this is so ridiculous in a way. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Um like how do you see uh like this election coming up in a
SPEAKER_R: it's madness. Everybody is going crazy. I don't know what, I don't know, I don't even know what to do because everybody
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: is just going crazy. They're burning stuff down there rioting in the streets. And I don't know, I under like I understand what they want, but I don't really agree with how they're going about getting what they want, if that makes sense. I agree that everybody should be treated equally and everybody should be treated fairly and that everybody deserves respect and love and I understand those things but going around and burning things and killing people, how does that make it better? I just I don't I don't know and I don't know if that's what you're talking about, but that's what I'm most worried about right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. You know um I don't know, you know there's a lot, you know there's a lot going on right now. There is a lot because I don't even know which one you know we are talking about right here and come in 19 and we are right here talking about elections, we are right here talking about racist. So there are a lot of things, yes, you know, going on in this country and I don't know, even Donald Trump himself, I don't I don't actually know what he's talking about, you know, based on this uh, COVID-19 that is going on. He actually wants everything to be open, you know, So, but I don't know, I don't know because I think some people are still mad at the whole situations, you know, knowing fully, well that I think according to the news, they said um he knows about this covenant in right from the beginning, but he wouldn't say much about it because they say they give him information about the whole situation. Well, he he didn't take it seriously, you know? So yeah, so yeah, a lot of things you know, going on, so I don't know. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: I don't know either. Just trying to get through one day at a time. I'm glad that I still have a job that I can work out from home and well that kind of
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: task.
SPEAKER_L: good. Uh Oh, right now you are working from home? Okay,
SPEAKER_R: I'm a software developer so I can do all my work wherever I have a laptop, so pretty nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: okay, wow, that's good. You know, that's what it's always good to, you know, unless you know and you know, limit I know having contact with so many people out out there, you know? So because I don't know Uh this COVID-19 is kind of getting crazy though. I haven't seen anyone in an irony uh love experience there. The covid 19. I'm just hearing like people are, you know, showing the televisions where other people are people in the hospital, you know, So, but other than that I don't like nobody like closer to me uh you know, pardon? I don't know. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: able
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: work
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: from home?
SPEAKER_L: Um No, right now I'm not, you know, I'm kind of walking you know right now, so I'm kind of staying at home with the kids you know? Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good. So just doing some prolific on the side to make some extra money. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: hardly
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: what I,
SPEAKER_L: this stuff in a prolific. You know sometimes you get study sometimes you don't get you know studies you know like how like I'm surprised like you know, how are you managing and terrific like are you living since you are working at home? Are you living the um you have like extension where um they're given a notification for study if studies available? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I just leave I have my work laptop set up and then I have this laptop and so I just leave this one running and just it just lets me know when they're when I have studies and I'll just pause working for a minute and come over and do a study real fast and then go back to work. That's what I do for my brakes.
SPEAKER_L: wow. Like you are you are you are really a hustler like you are right,
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: you just wanna make effort and like you know get it from different you know, you know get it from different angles like gets you no money. No it's good you know, it's good for the family because especially when you have kids, you know, you have to do all it takes, you know to make sure they are fine. They are okay. You know, that's the whole thing, wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Uh The whole thing. So when it comes to, you know, traveling or like going to different places where do you normally you know like to go?
SPEAKER_R: Um We're pretty adventurous. Me and my family we've gone too a few different states kind of just visiting trying to find new places and visit but my kids really love Disneyland. We've been a couple times and they've loved it both times we've gone and then we've been to Seattle and where else before the whole outbreak we went to Seattle so it was nice and oh good. But and then we we actually just moved to texas. We're living in texas right now and before we were living in Idaho and so we spent a lot of time traveling all over Idaho. It's a great big state with tons of stuff to do so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um All right. I'm glad this little unlike me. Uh uh We were kind of planning um I was planning with my husband before this covid 19 because you know, actually I want to go, we are planning on going to this new land with our kids and and even um these crews like this uh real Caribbean cruise, all this, you know, So we are applying only before this COVID-19 came. So but we are still waiting like um let me see what will happen next year. You know, because right now, you know, there's a lot of things you know going on. There are a lot of, because I don't know when all these things and you know, so I'm not, sometimes I just I do feel for kids, you know then staying at home, you know, so it's gonna I don't know how the whole thing, how they will be reviewing the whole situations, you know, all of a sudden they asked them to stay at home. I don't even know like did you tell your kids like what's going on? Didn't know everything I bought this to uh
SPEAKER_R: we just kind of told them that there's a sickness going around and we have to stay away from old people. We have
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: to like keep our hands to ourselves like if you and we you know and their friends would come over and ask if we can play and we'd say no like there's a sickness right now you gotta stay and it's hard for them because they miss their friends and they're being able to play but luckily there's four of them so they can kind of keep each other entertained. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: You know, that's nice because sometimes, you know, even though my kids as well, you know, they are too, they're trying to keep each other busy, but sometimes they do
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: go crazy. There will be like they want to go outside no matter what is, you know, happening, they would like to go outside, if you, if you didn't give them permission to do that, they're going to see the whole house down,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah for sure.
SPEAKER_L: we're going yes, they'll be going crazy. So, so
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: this is, you know.
SPEAKER_R: when the lockdown started and they said you know you've got to stop going to the store and stuff or well you know basically everything awesome. Oh I'm talking to somebody um we went out and we're like well we gotta we gotta do something because we're living in a smaller place than right now right now before
SPEAKER_L: I do.
SPEAKER_R: we were renting and we're like we don't we don't have any space like I don't know what the kids are going to do and so we went and bought a trampoline because well the kids have to be able to get some exercise. We went by the trampoline and they have loved it. They jump on the trampoline like every day so I'm really nice.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, okay. Like you guys have it around your house, you know, where they can easily like, wow, that's that's that's um that's that's, you know, that's nice, you know for them, you know, because it's actually help them keep them busy. So uh my own kids sometimes I will definitely because I've kind of been watching like Youtube for kids, so no matter what I tried and so right now I'm trying to figure out another thing that will actually keep them busy like, you know, sometimes, okay, I've suspected knocking up to know if, if we actually keep them busy so and another thing is that you know, I'm trying to figure out another thing they have not washed before Youtube for kids so that they can easily, you know watch the hotel sometimes if they are fed up all those things, I'll actually go to the store and get another new toy, you know for a
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: week or two weeks, they will be playing with the toys, you know as a new toilet, you know, you get something like that. Yes. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's been really tough trying to keep them preoccupied because both me and my wife work my wife just works part time from home so she's not she can take care of the kids most of time. But there are times where both of us have to work and it's like I've got to entertain yourselves. It's really hard to get them to entertain themselves while we're trying to get some work done. It's been
SPEAKER_L: But uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's crazy, you know, that's crazy. Well all of us is to pass through the this whole situations you know, I believe that you know one day everything will be, will be back to normal, you know, everything will be fine, you know, so everybody everybody will start living their mama you know life because this thing actually you know shot the whole world down you know? So actually
SPEAKER_R: there's no
SPEAKER_L: shoddy
SPEAKER_R: way you
SPEAKER_L: who?
SPEAKER_R: can last that long. So yeah we're just trying to get through it and trying to figure out how to survive this you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and I don't know for this election that is coming up because I'm thinking how people is going to vote, I don't know whether they will be voting or whether they will postpone the election or whether they actually do with this november. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure about that
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: either because it's sounding like I mean, I feel like both sides are saying that Mail in voting isn't going to work. I feel like both the democrats and the republicans are like, no, them like Vaillant voting isn't going to work. So if mail in voting doesn't work then are we going to all have to go stand 6ft apart in line or like, I don't know. And what about the people that are like really old and sick? Like how how can they feel comfortable going in
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: voting
SPEAKER_L: first up the
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: eggs,
SPEAKER_R: there's lots of other people? So
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true. You know that's true when like I didn't hear about then canceling the the melon um stuff you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: don't know. I don't think they're going to they haven't decided to cancel it or anything yet. But I feel like both sides are saying because I've heard both the democrats say that Mail in voting is a bad idea and I've heard the republicans say the same thing, so I feel like
SPEAKER_L: my goodness.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like mail in voting isn't going to happen, However it's still good. I don't know. We'll see.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Don't
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: say I don't know. You know because if it happens like that if they like people if they only give one option like people going to Destin I'm like going to stand online to vote. I don't think many people who vote for voting. I know so they should better find a way to make it possible for everyone, you know, to vote. You know that melon stuff is good as well because many people won't like to, you know, come in contact with other people because of this pandemic, you know, so I don't know uh oh this election is so important, you know, for everyone, you know? Yes, it's very important because I don't know, I don't actually know because many people are complaining about trump. Many people still like trump. So I don't know there are a lot, there's a lot going on, you know, so this campaign is his God, I'm just election spot. It's going it's going to be hot this time around. It's going to be hard and I don't know everybody is just fighting on their own side, you know, to win. We left for me. I will say they should give another person's opportunity to be a president because I don't know. Yeah I don't know donald trump is trying to swat bots sometimes is messing is messing up so yeah but but I don't know for some reasons you know I don't know why they keep on bringing like old people for presidents you know because right now Why when I give them like young people chance to be president like from 50 or 40 I've never seen that kind of thing happens before.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's, it's so weird. I don't know why everybody like to vote for really old people, but that's kind of where we're at like both donald trump and joe biden are both old people. Like they're not
SPEAKER_L: Old
SPEAKER_R: spring
SPEAKER_L: peop
SPEAKER_R: chickens anymore. So it's weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: weird
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: know like I was like discussing with my husband, I was telling him why is it that they're not giving like young people you know opportunity to comma for president, you
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: know all those stuffs you know it kind of tell me it it all depends on people they elected us in the and there are maybe democrats or republicans. You know, people that came out from the form for the whole thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean we had some, I mean there have been some young candidates, but they just never make it very far. They always get knocked out of the ring really quick. So I don't, I don't, they don't ever make it very far, but they don't, it's
SPEAKER_L: No. Okay. All right. Now, I think this thing is blank. You know, I'm just hearing your voice. I'm not seeing um, your camera right now.
SPEAKER_R: that's weird. Mm Let me try and moving around. See a better wifi signal. Well, single should be. That's weird. This happened to me the last time I talked to somebody to so I don't know. So you can still hear me but you can't see me
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I see what you
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: still see me. Right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I can still see you. That's weird. Let me see if I can get to another
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: room.
SPEAKER_L: only okay. It's gonna shut. It's only showing like okay, I can see you. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I just need to move forward through the wifi I think. All right. Is that
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: better?
SPEAKER_L: right. Maybe his wife, Yeah, I think his network, you know, uh people are talking about like are using like four G. Five G.
SPEAKER_R: oh, I'm just using the wifi from home so
SPEAKER_L: war. You know, people are
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: know. It's
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: probably
SPEAKER_L: buying five.
SPEAKER_R: 5G. I have no idea.
SPEAKER_L: actually like you know, so like people are complaining about you know 40, you know, so they are trying to slow everything down so that people can switch over to 5G. You know? Oh yeah
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: didn't hear about
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so that people can see. But
SPEAKER_R: Ooh.
SPEAKER_L: the problem is that that 5G. You know many people are complaining about um the whole team you know the cancer of the City Hall thing is you know
SPEAKER_R: wah
SPEAKER_L: a person that cancer of the body. I don't know. There are a lot of things going on with the five year they say is very dangerous you know. So yeah so it causes cancer on
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: the body
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: so I don't know I don't even know which one to believe but more especially that's what is trending right now you know on five G. You know people getting five did they say yes Actually it was very fast it makes everything more faster. But
SPEAKER_R: Where?
SPEAKER_L: the problem is that they don't know if it is good for the environment you know? Yeah. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: that's that
SPEAKER_R: I haven't heard about that. I'll have to look that up. That sounds interesting. Especially awkward developer like that's kind of up my alley. So off look that up, interesting. Okay, cool.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: My son's
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: trying.
SPEAKER_L: right. I know. It's always like that this is just the ones I just planned what I actually do. I just I didn't allow them um My letter the youngest want to sleep You know because she normally stays around 2:00 because of this thing I was kind of trying to distract
SPEAKER_R: perfect.
SPEAKER_L: her so right now she's sleeping so that's why I was able to do other than that I wouldn't do this thing you know, they'll go all over every where. So yeah
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: know what
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: was it,
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: that's what I understand you know? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. So it's good though but you know it's good at you know sometimes it's always good to have time. At least they are going to bond with them more because other than that, you know before this cover 19 we are always because I'm work, work, work work, we don't actually have time for them as well. So yeah, we're not actually but it's good that this still actually help people to burn your kids and your wife and everybody to burn no more, you know, together, you know? So and this is, you
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: know, so yeah. So that's one
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: noticed
SPEAKER_L: will be
SPEAKER_R: that we've come together closer as a family. It's it's been kind of nice that way because I don't have to I mean I'm still working hours and tell them you guys got to kind of leave me alone when I'm working, but we're done working. It's immediately playtime or it's immediately, you know, let's eat or whatever. Whereas before it was like, Oh, I have to go to work. It takes me 10:15 minutes to drive to work. So I leave 15 minutes early. And, and so it was, it was just different and so it's, I feel like it's given us a lot more time, which is a nice
SPEAKER_L: But like okay, but like now um Oh, okay. I think that's something saturday again, but it's almost 4 25. No problem.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we're pretty guest. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: So All right. Um It's almost 4 25 you know, I'm not seeing you right again. So I think uh we actually we actually have a nice dog, you know? So That's a great one. All right,
SPEAKER_R: hey,
SPEAKER_L: so, the candle.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you
SPEAKER_L: Okay, nice to meet you too. All right, okay, now. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: Bye bye. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: by