How's it going?
I'm doing well.
Alrighty well, set the timer for 25 minutes. Right okay. Is this your first time doing this?
Okay. Yeah, I've done this a couple of times. It's pretty interesting. Yeah.
interesting. Yeah
I had that happened one time but I just rescheduled for another time and the person showed up so yeah.
are going well. Um you know we're surviving the Covid and the lockdowns and everything. So how about you?
Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. I've got I'm married and we've got four kids so.
All
I don't know. I keep like I want to believe that we're all being locked down for a reason, but at the same time I don't like there's not any evidence to back it up. So I just keep thinking well why do I have to wear a mask and why can't everybody just go back to work so
I don't know.
Yeah. I don't know either. I'm not too worried about my kids going back to school because it's not really dangerous for Children. I just don't, I don't know both there.
Yeah.
Well I'm sending my I'm more worried about sending my kids to school having to wear a mask than I am about the virus just because like there's so much in the news right now about the Children being abused and Children being kidnapped and all this stuff. And like if you put a mask on a kid that just makes it even harder for people to keep track of who's here and who's not. And so I'm kind of worried about that.
Well, and I just, I don't know how they're going to keep the masks on the kids in school because, but I don't know, I was a teacher for a couple of years, I taught in elementary school and it was trying to get kids to do anything like that. I mean I had kids I I couldn't keep their shoes on, their feet, they take their shoes
off, and I'm like, if this kid can't keep his shoes on,
how is he going to keep the mask on? So,
I don't
know. I don't know. We'll see what happens, I guess.
No,
it's madness. Everybody is going crazy. I don't know what, I don't know, I don't even know what to do because everybody
is just going crazy. They're burning stuff down there rioting in the streets. And I don't know, I under like I understand what they want, but I don't really agree with how they're going about getting what they want, if that makes sense. I agree that everybody should be treated equally and everybody should be treated fairly and that everybody deserves respect and love and I understand those things but going around and burning things and killing people, how does that make it better? I just I don't I don't know and I don't know if that's what you're talking about, but that's what I'm most worried about right now.
I don't know either. Just trying to get through one day at a time. I'm glad that I still have a job that I can work out from home and well that kind of
task.
I'm a software developer so I can do all my work wherever I have a laptop, so pretty nice. Yeah.
are
you
able
to
work
from home?
Well that's good. So just doing some prolific on the side to make some extra money. Yeah
that's
what I,
Yeah. So I just leave I have my work laptop set up and then I have this laptop and so I just leave this one running and just it just lets me know when they're when I have studies and I'll just pause working for a minute and come over and do a study real fast and then go back to work. That's what I do for my brakes.
Oh
Mhm.
Um We're pretty adventurous. Me and my family we've gone too a few different states kind of just visiting trying to find new places and visit but my kids really love Disneyland. We've been a couple times and they've loved it both times we've gone and then we've been to Seattle and where else before the whole outbreak we went to Seattle so it was nice and oh good. But and then we we actually just moved to texas. We're living in texas right now and before we were living in Idaho and so we spent a lot of time traveling all over Idaho. It's a great big state with tons of stuff to do so. Yeah.
we just kind of told them that there's a sickness going around and we have to stay away from old people. We have
to like keep our hands to ourselves like if you and we you know and their friends would come over and ask if we can play and we'd say no like there's a sickness right now you gotta stay and it's hard for them because they miss their friends and they're being able to play but luckily there's four of them so they can kind of keep each other entertained. Yeah.
Well
What,
Oh yeah for sure.
actually
when the lockdown started and they said you know you've got to stop going to the store and stuff or well you know basically everything awesome. Oh I'm talking to somebody um we went out and we're like well we gotta we gotta do something because we're living in a smaller place than right now right now before
we were renting and we're like we don't we don't have any space like I don't know what the kids are going to do and so we went and bought a trampoline because well the kids have to be able to get some exercise. We went by the trampoline and they have loved it. They jump on the trampoline like every day so I'm really nice.
yeah.
Yeah it's been really tough trying to keep them preoccupied because both me and my wife work my wife just works part time from home so she's not she can take care of the kids most of time. But there are times where both of us have to work and it's like I've got to entertain yourselves. It's really hard to get them to entertain themselves while we're trying to get some work done. It's been
Mhm.
So
there's no
way you
can last that long. So yeah we're just trying to get through it and trying to figure out how to survive this you know?
I'm not sure about that
either because it's sounding like I mean, I feel like both sides are saying that Mail in voting isn't going to work. I feel like both the democrats and the republicans are like, no, them like Vaillant voting isn't going to work. So if mail in voting doesn't work then are we going to all have to go stand 6ft apart in line or like, I don't know. And what about the people that are like really old and sick? Like how how can they feel comfortable going in
voting
if
there's lots of other people? So
I don't know.
I
don't know. I don't think they're going to they haven't decided to cancel it or anything yet. But I feel like both sides are saying because I've heard both the democrats say that Mail in voting is a bad idea and I've heard the republicans say the same thing, so I feel like
I feel like mail in voting isn't going to happen, However it's still good. I don't know. We'll see.
So
Yeah, that's, it's so weird. I don't know why everybody like to vote for really old people, but that's kind of where we're at like both donald trump and joe biden are both old people. Like they're not
spring
chickens anymore. So it's weird.
I
don't
know
there.
Yeah, I mean we had some, I mean there have been some young candidates, but they just never make it very far. They always get knocked out of the ring really quick. So I don't, I don't, they don't ever make it very far, but they don't, it's
that's weird. Mm Let me try and moving around. See a better wifi signal. Well, single should be. That's weird. This happened to me the last time I talked to somebody to so I don't know. So you can still hear me but you can't see me
well
yeah, I can still see you. That's weird. Let me see if I can get to another
room.
Okay.
I just need to move forward through the wifi I think. All right. Is that
better?
oh, I'm just using the wifi from home so
I don't
know. It's
probably
5G. I have no idea.
I
didn't hear about
that
interesting.
Ooh.
wah
what
you
Where?
interesting.
I haven't heard about that. I'll have to look that up. That sounds interesting. Especially awkward developer like that's kind of up my alley. So off look that up, interesting. Okay, cool.
My son's
trying.
perfect.
I
know what
that's
like.
yeah.
For
I've
noticed
that we've come together closer as a family. It's it's been kind of nice that way because I don't have to I mean I'm still working hours and tell them you guys got to kind of leave me alone when I'm working, but we're done working. It's immediately playtime or it's immediately, you know, let's eat or whatever. Whereas before it was like, Oh, I have to go to work. It takes me 10:15 minutes to drive to work. So I leave 15 minutes early. And, and so it was, it was just different and so it's, I feel like it's given us a lot more time, which is a nice
yeah, we're pretty guest. Uh huh.
hey,
nice to meet you
all
by