Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. And Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi,
don't I'm going good on you,
I can't What?
Oh, this is my foster, Yes.
So um like this is the first time I'm trying to scare them, but whenever I come around, I don't see anybody in those, so. Yes.
Yeah.
is everything going with you? Yeah.
I'm finally we're just trying to manage, you know, uh with the kids in the house and everything, you know? So it's kind of a little bit stressful.
Oh my goodness. I have like two right now and we're
expecting on the ted Warm X. Uh Thank you, wow. So how how about this pandemic? How are you seeing the whole situation, you know?
Animal.
I'm the same here, you know? So I'm kind of, you know, so sometimes I just think about, you know, my kids going back to school and I'm gonna actually know what we happen in whether they actually because now they are talking about school regime um representation of school. So the school will start opening the reason. But I'm kind of trying to decide if they would go back if they will stay at home. Because I don't know because right now, like, like I'm hearing um the kids florida, most of them, they say they have Covid Um like most of the case. Yeah. You know, the most of them contacted this, COVID-19. You know? So I don't know, You know whether to, you know, allow them to go back because right now I'm scared because I don't know what is going on. You know, COVID-19. I don't know when the whole thing is going to stop and the person they are talking about is not, you know, yet out, you know? So I don't know.
like you can't say it's not dangerous because you know um Yes they say it's for older people in the because of their immune system you know right away but you know kids you know right, I don't know for kids but you know, I think the separate version is better than you. Yeah,
so so that was the whole um but you know it's always good to you know protect them no matter what because I don't know, you know what to believe I want not you know. Yes.
Yeah, that's true you know and another thing is kids were in mind, I don't think all of them will continue to wear much like for how long would they continue to wear max you know because you know this mask and we don't need is not kind of easy because it's not like even me as an as you know the only person I can't read very well inside of the mask and then let a lot of kids, you know like my my three year old sometimes when you put it, you can't even last like five minutes who just remove the whole thing. Oh
Thanks,
shoes.
is
ridiculous.
Yeah. Oh this is so ridiculous in a way. Okay.
Um like how do you see uh like this election coming up in a
mean
Yeah. Okay. You know um I don't know, you know there's a lot, you know there's a lot going on right now. There is a lot because I don't even know which one you know we are talking about right here and come in 19 and we are right here talking about elections, we are right here talking about racist. So there are a lot of things, yes, you know, going on in this country and I don't know, even Donald Trump himself, I don't I don't actually know what he's talking about, you know, based on this uh, COVID-19 that is going on. He actually wants everything to be open, you know, So, but I don't know, I don't know because I think some people are still mad at the whole situations, you know, knowing fully, well that I think according to the news, they said um he knows about this covenant in right from the beginning, but he wouldn't say much about it because they say they give him information about the whole situation. Well, he he didn't take it seriously, you know? So yeah, so yeah, a lot of things you know, going on, so I don't know. Uh huh
that's
good. Uh Oh, right now you are working from home? Okay,
okay, wow, that's good. You know, that's what it's always good to, you know, unless you know and you know, limit I know having contact with so many people out out there, you know? So because I don't know Uh this COVID-19 is kind of getting crazy though. I haven't seen anyone in an irony uh love experience there. The covid 19. I'm just hearing like people are, you know, showing the televisions where other people are people in the hospital, you know, So, but other than that I don't like nobody like closer to me uh you know, pardon? I don't know. Yeah, I
don't
know
what
is
it?
Um No, right now I'm not, you know, I'm kind of walking you know right now, so I'm kind of staying at home with the kids you know? Yeah. Yes.
hardly
all
this stuff in a prolific. You know sometimes you get study sometimes you don't get you know studies you know like how like I'm surprised like you know, how are you managing and terrific like are you living since you are working at home? Are you living the um you have like extension where um they're given a notification for study if studies available? Okay.
wow. Like you are you are you are really a hustler like you are right,
you just wanna make effort and like you know get it from different you know, you know get it from different angles like gets you no money. No it's good you know, it's good for the family because especially when you have kids, you know, you have to do all it takes, you know to make sure they are fine. They are okay. You know, that's the whole thing, wow. Yeah.
Uh huh. Uh The whole thing. So when it comes to, you know, traveling or like going to different places where do you normally you know like to go?
Um All right. I'm glad this little unlike me. Uh uh We were kind of planning um I was planning with my husband before this covid 19 because you know, actually I want to go, we are planning on going to this new land with our kids and and even um these crews like this uh real Caribbean cruise, all this, you know, So we are applying only before this COVID-19 came. So but we are still waiting like um let me see what will happen next year. You know, because right now, you know, there's a lot of things you know going on. There are a lot of, because I don't know when all these things and you know, so I'm not, sometimes I just I do feel for kids, you know then staying at home, you know, so it's gonna I don't know how the whole thing, how they will be reviewing the whole situations, you know, all of a sudden they asked them to stay at home. I don't even know like did you tell your kids like what's going on? Didn't know everything I bought this to uh
You
Oh that's nice.
You know, that's nice because sometimes, you know, even though my kids as well, you know, they are too, they're trying to keep each other busy, but sometimes they do
go crazy. There will be like they want to go outside no matter what is, you know, happening, they would like to go outside, if you, if you didn't give them permission to do that, they're going to see the whole house down,
we're going yes, they'll be going crazy. So, so
this is, you know.
I do.
Okay, okay. Like you guys have it around your house, you know, where they can easily like, wow, that's that's that's um that's that's, you know, that's nice, you know for them, you know, because it's actually help them keep them busy. So uh my own kids sometimes I will definitely because I've kind of been watching like Youtube for kids, so no matter what I tried and so right now I'm trying to figure out another thing that will actually keep them busy like, you know, sometimes, okay, I've suspected knocking up to know if, if we actually keep them busy so and another thing is that you know, I'm trying to figure out another thing they have not washed before Youtube for kids so that they can easily, you know watch the hotel sometimes if they are fed up all those things, I'll actually go to the store and get another new toy, you know for a
week or two weeks, they will be playing with the toys, you know as a new toilet, you know, you get something like that. Yes. Uh huh.
But uh
yeah,
wow, that's crazy, you know, that's crazy. Well all of us is to pass through the this whole situations you know, I believe that you know one day everything will be, will be back to normal, you know, everything will be fine, you know, so everybody everybody will start living their mama you know life because this thing actually you know shot the whole world down you know? So actually
shoddy
who?
Yeah and I don't know for this election that is coming up because I'm thinking how people is going to vote, I don't know whether they will be voting or whether they will postpone the election or whether they actually do with this november. I don't know.
No.
So
first up the
eggs,
thanks.
Yeah that's true. You know that's true when like I didn't hear about then canceling the the melon um stuff you
know?
my goodness.
Yeah. Don't
say I don't know. You know because if it happens like that if they like people if they only give one option like people going to Destin I'm like going to stand online to vote. I don't think many people who vote for voting. I know so they should better find a way to make it possible for everyone, you know, to vote. You know that melon stuff is good as well because many people won't like to, you know, come in contact with other people because of this pandemic, you know, so I don't know uh oh this election is so important, you know, for everyone, you know? Yes, it's very important because I don't know, I don't actually know because many people are complaining about trump. Many people still like trump. So I don't know there are a lot, there's a lot going on, you know, so this campaign is his God, I'm just election spot. It's going it's going to be hot this time around. It's going to be hard and I don't know everybody is just fighting on their own side, you know, to win. We left for me. I will say they should give another person's opportunity to be a president because I don't know. Yeah I don't know donald trump is trying to swat bots sometimes is messing is messing up so yeah but but I don't know for some reasons you know I don't know why they keep on bringing like old people for presidents you know because right now Why when I give them like young people chance to be president like from 50 or 40 I've never seen that kind of thing happens before.
Old
peop
Yeah that's
weird
you
know like I was like discussing with my husband, I was telling him why is it that they're not giving like young people you know opportunity to comma for president, you
know all those stuffs you know it kind of tell me it it all depends on people they elected us in the and there are maybe democrats or republicans. You know, people that came out from the form for the whole thing. Yeah.
No. Okay. All right. Now, I think this thing is blank. You know, I'm just hearing your voice. I'm not seeing um, your camera right now.
Yeah, I see what you
still see me. Right?
is
only okay. It's gonna shut. It's only showing like okay, I can see you. Oh
yeah,
All
right. Maybe his wife, Yeah, I think his network, you know, uh people are talking about like are using like four G. Five G.
war. You know, people are
people
are
buying five.
actually like you know, so like people are complaining about you know 40, you know, so they are trying to slow everything down so that people can switch over to 5G. You know? Oh yeah
so
that's
what
Yeah so that people can see. But
the problem is that that 5G. You know many people are complaining about um the whole team you know the cancer of the City Hall thing is you know
a person that cancer of the body. I don't know. There are a lot of things going on with the five year they say is very dangerous you know. So yeah so it causes cancer on
the body
so I don't know I don't even know which one to believe but more especially that's what is trending right now you know on five G. You know people getting five did they say yes Actually it was very fast it makes everything more faster. But
the problem is that they don't know if it is good for the environment you know? Yeah. Yeah. So
that's that
Uh huh.
All
right. I know. It's always like that this is just the ones I just planned what I actually do. I just I didn't allow them um My letter the youngest want to sleep You know because she normally stays around 2:00 because of this thing I was kind of trying to distract
her so right now she's sleeping so that's why I was able to do other than that I wouldn't do this thing you know, they'll go all over every where. So yeah
so
that
was it,
that's what I understand you know? Okay.
Oh my God. So it's good though but you know it's good at you know sometimes it's always good to have time. At least they are going to bond with them more because other than that, you know before this cover 19 we are always because I'm work, work, work work, we don't actually have time for them as well. So yeah, we're not actually but it's good that this still actually help people to burn your kids and your wife and everybody to burn no more, you know, together, you know? So and this is, you
know, so yeah. So that's one
thing
will be
But like okay, but like now um Oh, okay. I think that's something saturday again, but it's almost 4 25. No problem.
So All right. Um It's almost 4 25 you know, I'm not seeing you right again. So I think uh we actually we actually have a nice dog, you know? So That's a great one. All right,
so, the candle.
Okay, nice to meet you too. All right, okay, now. Thank you.
Bye bye. Yeah.