Hi.
Yeah. Hi, can you hear me okay? Yeah.
Okay, great. Mhm Hi, I'm marissa.
Yes, I think so. This um
Hi, nice to meet you.
Um how did you find out about prolific?
nice.
Yeah, my brother found it. He's always finding stuff like that and he told me is a great way to just make like a little bit of extra money on the side. Yeah. Um but I think this is the first time I've ever done one that was like not just a survey, like I have to talk to someone online.
Mm Yeah, like a focus group kind of thing.
I'm from new york. Yeah. What about you
this?
Oh, cool. When did you move here?
Oh, wow. So very recently, did you have to move for your job or you just wanted to move?
like wanting to be closer to family and stuff? Oh, nice. Do
you like it so far? Is it very different?
I can imagine.
Yeah. Yeah. Um I
mean
do
so anyway.
Yeah. Um I've been to me not many, I've taken like vacations to like Italy or Canada or something but um I haven't spent a lot of time outside the US, I'd like to at some point um I was interested in like maybe studying abroad some year or something like that path should be interesting. Uh
Yeah, definitely. What was like one of the most shocking things to try to get used to when you came here?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I loved snow when I was little and now that I've gotten older like and I actually have to shovel it and deal with it and driving it. I hate it now.
Yeah, it's very very cold. I'm definitely more of a like spring and summer person. Uh huh.
Um We can it kind of depends on the year, like every once in a while we'll have a year where we really just get no snow at all. But we do get like some really big blizzards um where I remember like the roads were completely blocked and like people had to call out of work because just nobody could drive anywhere is crazy.
It's probably nice though once it's like like more than a couple of feet of snow it starts getting very ridiculous.
Yeah, definitely. Um There's been a couple of times where like I'll be driving and I just feel the back of my car starts sliding a little bit and I got to like calm down and slow it down a little bit.
Yeah, it was very scary. Um Yeah, definitely don't like snow very much sure. Um
it gets very hot, it's like 80 90 degrees usually. Um But mainly like very humid is the biggest issue. What about there?
Yeah. Um I feel like I've honestly barely noticed it this summer though because with Covid and everything going on, I've just spent so much time in the house like not
doing anything.
Um I had a job before Covid started and I had to, they like cut me when I when it all happened and I'm still trying to get back and hopefully get the job back and stuff, but it was just a part time job, something I was doing. Um Law is also in school so it's not too big of a deal. But yeah. What about you?
What do you do?
taste? Yeah.
Mhm. Where they, they labeled you as like a central personnel for it.
Yeah, that happened to my mom too because she works at the hospital. So she got labeled essential and even when everything was in like the worst of it, she still had to go in. Yeah,
no, thankfully she um she works in the lab. She
she works in flow saitama tree which is when like if you go to the hospital and they take your blood and send it to get labs worked. She is the one who does the tests on it and stuff. So thankfully she didn't have to come in contact with patients. But
I do.
thankfully it's it's been doing a lot better recently. I think our numbers have gone down a lot but it's still it's just terrifying. Um My
brother's
girlfriend. So
no, I haven't thankfully
I know the only person I know who's gotten it was my friends like uncle and some of her cousins got it, but thankfully they're all okay but what about you? Do you know anyone who got it?
Oh that's good. Yeah. Um
Yeah it just seems so crazy because like
you don't even hear about it as much on the news anymore and everyone is starting to like go back to their daily lives but it's still
like such
an issue. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, it's crazy.
No um not in the new york city, I'm kind of a little bit far away from it. Um I have gone there a couple times but um thankfully because you know I see all the videos from the protests and stuff and it's really scary. It seems very
deep.
I know
I live in like more of a suburb so it's a lot quieter, it's a little bit nicer.
Yeah, especially places like Portland with everything that's going on, it's just so scary to see. Mhm.
It's in Oregon. It's like up north west in the United States to
bear.
Yeah. Right. I've never actually been there before but I just know there's like some really intense protests going on right now. Um
Yeah the George Floyd thing I think. Um And then it just has been like escalating a lot there specifically. Um And it's crazy stuff. I don't know it feels like I don't know. I've never actually experienced anything like this. It's very crazy.
Yeah. And I wonder like when we'll be able to do stuff like that again you know?
Yeah. Like I don't know how quickly they're able to come up with like a vaccine or something like that. But like um I know I used to rock climbing a lot and obviously I stopped when all this happened but they just sent me an email that's saying they reopened again and I was like that's great, but I'm definitely still not going back.
that's because I live with both of my parents and they're in like the older age range, so I don't want to like bring anything home, I'd feel terrible.
right. Yeah. Do you know like how bad it is in the Philippines? Is it like, is it like here in the United States?
This?
Yeah. We're not doing well. Yeah.
Yeah. That's got to be really difficult. Yeah. Do you get to like keep in touch with them over the phone or like facetime or anything like that?
That's good. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah, that's that's tough. I couldn't imagine being like so far away from family and you were probably really excited to go see him.
I can
imagine what was the last time you got to see him?
huh.
Yeah. I don't know. I I could I don't think I could be away from family for that long. It's got to be very difficult.
Yeah we all stay pretty close. Um The only one who like lives kind of far away is my brother. Um He's got an apartment in the city. Um But even then he still tries to like come out every once in a while to see us. Um And with all this happening and also his girlfriend works at the hospital. He didn't want to come out and risk transferring anything. So we haven't seen him in a while. Yeah
I'm in college, I'm going into my second year so.
trying to figure out what I wanna do and like what I want to study and everything, but hopefully I'll figure it out.
Um I mean I don't know any of my friends or anyone who did that um I know like 18 is when you're legally an adult, so technically you could. Um And I guess like if you don't have a very good relationship with your family, I'm sure a lot of people probably use that as a time to move out, but I think for most of us it's just when we're getting ready to go off to college, but during break and stuff I still come home and hang out with them. Yeah. It's crazy though because like you're still in high school and you're 17 and then all of a sudden you turn 18 and people are like ok you're an adult now, you got to like do all this stuff but you don't feel any different yourself, no idea what's going on.
Hey. Yeah.
Yeah. Do in the Philippines to, people tend to like stay close to family or do they move away at some point?
Mm. Yeah. Um Yeah, I don't know, I like being close to my family, I like them
half. Um Are you guys close with your husband's family? Is are they also in Arkansas?
That must make it a lot more convenient.
Yeah. So
does
he do the same thing? Does he
work
at the laundromat too? Yeah.
Can't um
um I've tried I signed up for focus group dot org. Um but I haven't been doing that one as much because a lot of times they want you to do like zoom calls that last a couple hours or go on for like a couple of days and I'm not sure if I'm super invested in it. I kind of like just taking short surveys. Yeah.
But I know they definitely pay a lot more for the like zoom calls and stuff. They usually like anywhere from 50 to like $150 or something like that. Um What
about you? Do you do any other ones?
And I didn't hear that one. Is it good?
You know I'm gonna write it down, make sure don't forget.
All right. I'll
just have to check that one out. Test.
Uh huh. Not sure what I'm hoping to do with the money that I earned from it but it's just nice to see the little like extra amount.
Yeah. It's nice my brother because he's been doing this for a really long time so he saved up a lot of money. He actually managed. Yeah he bought himself a VR headset with the money that he earned from it.
So really cool. Um Yeah thankfully he was nice enough to let us use it and like play with it for a while so a lot of fun. Yeah.
Yeah he'll actually do like the multiple day zoom call stuff like that doesn't bother him as much so. Yeah.
Yeah he's got introduced like a whole family to it.
I am. Um um Yeah so your husband is an I. T. Said did you guys do a lot with like computers, electronics and stuff?
Yeah both of my I've got three brothers but two of them went into like computer programming and engineering and stuff so they're really good with computers. Yeah I personally I never understand them. I cannot do it from my life.
My brother's definitely are. Yeah, there
are lot
smarter
than I
am.
Um So I'm still trying to figure it out. I was trying to do something maybe with psychology um just because I like those kinds of classes or like biology or something like that, but I'm not exactly sure what kind of job I would be trying to go for with that, you know,
I don't know if I want to work with people. Um I mean I might do something like what my mom is doing because she works in the hospital, but just in the lab so she doesn't have to see patients or anything.
Yeah, it seems like
it.
Yes, my dad he owns a store, so he's doing like retail a lot and it definitely, you gotta like always have a smile even if you're in like a terrible mood. Mhm.
definitely. Um And just people in general always like there's a lot of really nice people, but everyone smell, you'll come across someone who's just so rude for no reason.
Oh yeah. Oh my God, it's so crazy.
I mean I couldn't imagine like going into a restaurant or something and talking to a waiter or waitress and just being like that angry at them. I have
no idea.
That's weird.
I know, I feel so bad for like that family who has to deal with those people. Yeah,
definitely come across some weird people. Um because he he owns a liquor store. Um So every once in a while people will come in and they're not quite like the nicest or someone will come in and they're very drunk and he's got to tell him to leave and they like cause
some issues. Yeah, he actually he had someone pass out on him one time he like, yeah
you like
it.
The guy walked in and was like very clearly drunk and my dad was saying like I'm sorry but I can't sell you anything and he's trying to get to leave and the guy just like he was like fine ok and he turned around and just passed out.
Mhm. He called an ambulance. But like I think I think the guy was okay but we haven't seen him since.
I guess so. Yeah, I was honestly really worried about it. They are. Um But again, most people are really nice and you know they just come in and buy whatever they want and leave. But it's like those very few the like small person, you're just like there's something wrong with you. Yeah.
I have sometimes uh like part time over summers and stuff just to get extra work experience or get some extra money. Um
It's it's always a bit confusing though because people will come in and they'll ask me questions about like what kind of wine I should get or like what will go well with this and I'm not I'm not a very big drinker so I have no idea what to tell them.
Do
you come up?
he's
um his uncle owned a liquor store and he would help out there a lot. Um And then he realized at some point that he wanted to own his own store when he was trying to figure it out, his uncle was saying that like liquors a good business to get into because it doesn't expire and like it's fairly reliable. Um But he himself he's not a very big drinker which I feel like it's kind of ironic. Um He just sells uh, um
yeah, definitely. He, no, he's very like informative with it just because he's worked there for so many years. Yeah. Do you ever come across people being like really crazy working at the laundromat,
jeez.
no, That's so God.
Yeah. I don't know. That's still like so weird to me because I can't imagine doing anything at a laundry met other than just my laundry, Like going there just dancing out of nowhere is so weird. Uh huh.
Mm hmm. Yeah, the Karens,
always want to speak to a manager or something. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's funny.
Yeah, I think that'd be nice. Seems a little bit tiring after a while
all.
Uh No, she works in the lab. Um, so yeah, she just like when people, they take your blood and they have to send it to get tests they'll send it to her. So like she runs I don't know what the machines are called but she runs like blood tests and stuff.
Beth
yeah she actually works like very close by. There's a stony brook hospital she goes there so it's like really close to home so she's able to come home like on her lunch break and stuff. She's been very
convenient.
Yeah but yeah it seems like a decent job. Might be something to look into doing. Yeah. Um Yeah.
I don't know I don't they asked us to talk for like 25 minutes
so
I don't know if we um hopefully met the requirement or I'm not
sure how it works.
That's a good question. Um
I don't know. I think there's like some survey were supposed to take afterwards or something. Um But yeah I have no idea.
Um I guess so. Hopefully it'll count because I'm not exactly sure. Um
brisa.
Yeah. What was your name?
Okay thanks. Yes you did tell me that I'm so bad with people's names I always forget.
Yeah. Um Okay so I guess we'll see. Hopefully this worked and see
if the
survey go.
I
wrote it down on my phone. Hopefully I get a chance to check it out. Okay.
Hi.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
it was really nice to talk to you. It's have a great
day.
Yeah I hang up. Have
day.