Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm But what about Yeah. He Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Hey are you doing?
Uh yeah this is my 3rd one that I've officially done.
Yeah I'm William I did one last night and they got me in right one today so it was kind of
intense.
you're
good.
yeah you're good. You're good. Chris
I live in western pennsylvania in a small place called Clarion ph where are you from
Missouri?
Oh yeah that's like 40 minutes away from me.
No.
India
I
guess like it's supposed to be pronounced double what everyone says. Du bois. Yeah I have a bunch of friends that like went to high school there that I went to college with and stuff so
there's
I mean there's not there's not much in du bois so
that's uh
pretty
much
good. Yeah no I uh I went to basic training at Fort Leonard Wood out of Missouri so I know a little bit about Missouri but no offense we all call it misery now. A lot of us that went there for
it
The army? Yeah.
no I went to the Fort Sheppard Air Force Base for about six weeks for some training though. It's um it's like north texas though so but I've had friends who were at Fort Sam I knew a lot of guys who are medics who went through there. Um I've never
known
anyone
personally at Hood but I've always heard the bad stories about Hood
this.
no I know I've never been there but I have a lot of friends that went to Fort Sam Houston so I know a little bit about what goes on there but not a lot directly to give personal experience.
Oh yeah I'm not gonna lie I didn't like the texas heat, it was very dry and when we'd go like running in the morning and everything, it was just all the air is sucked out. You
had nothing. Yeah.
no.
Now that as well because mines are like the bottom left and I can't move it so I have to constantly look to make sure my video is good. But yeah, that's awesome. What do you see your wife? The librarian?
You
got, yeah, I was gonna say you guys probably aren't really doing much right now. I have a couple of friends from college that were that they got their BFS and they like all moved back home during this because theaters were shut down. They couldn't do plays or anything like that. So they're a little upset.
I mean it's so global pandemic. I don't,
I can under completely understand that people are struggling. Yeah.
Um, so I still work with the Army Reserve, just hit eight years, so I'm doing that with like side income that really helps out, you know, once a month. And then um uh recently just, I'm like working like part time doing data entry just because a lot
of jobs are letting people go, so it kind of sucks right now, but I saved up a lot of money over the time and over the summer waiting
to see if our company did lay offs and stuff and then they ended up doing it. So
it's yeah, this is, this is absolutely dreadful for a lot of people, to be honest. I
had friends down in Pittsburgh who we had one friend who graduated, so I graduate here in december. I'm on my last semester of school,
I'm like,
yeah, I have like four weeks of class left and now I'm at the point where I'm like kind of coasting, but I had friends
who graduated.
Yeah. Oh, it's like big right now, especially because everything's online and we're not in class, so it's nice that I can wake up in the morning and crawl out of bed and sit in front of my computer with just a cup of coffee to watch the live lectures. But the uh, we had friends who like last december had graduated, they moved to Pittsburgh, had jobs starting like early mid january and then they were immediately getting laid off and on March and just completely struggling and especially like making that move to a much larger city than our little rural university was kind of a shell shock for them about everything that was going on, So
No
way.
You don't have any coffee shops out there, That's kind
of insane.
that
would
have
been,
Yeah, we got really lucky up here in our little county because there's only about 40,000 people in our county, and we're about an hour north of Pittsburgh, and we were actually like, coasting all through summer, I think in total, we have like, maybe 50 cases over the summer, so we're about a four month period, and we felt pretty good, but like, everyone do in the back of their mind, like, it was, it was eventually going to hit here and
now,
Yeah, now we've hit it, we're like 500 total cases now, and we've had like, 300 of them in the last month, so I have a lot of friends that have been catching it, and it's uh yeah, it was just, it was timing, we were waiting for it, but all
the
city's
got,
yeah, all the city's got slammed first, and now it's just pushing its way out,
that's it,
Yeah, we're
just breaking
the record every day now, I keep track of it and look at it. Um it interests me a lot, just because of what I study in at school and everything, so it's uh it's real sad to see my my mum was, she's head of admissions for like a 600 bed retirement home north of Pittsburgh, And they got slammed in April and they had 84 deaths, other residents, and it
like really shook her up because she couldn't even do her job. At one point
they
had to
call the national yeah, at one point they called the national garden to help out these retirement homes because too many
people were getting sick, they had staff calling out sick and yeah,
it was
yeah, so she's been like super fearful because she never tested positive and she doesn't know if she ever actually had it. So um
with
yeah, it was my Dad's birthday last week and it was his 50th birthday
and they wanted me to come down to celebrate because they were gonna like big 50th birthday party for him. But then my Dad was real word, he's like no, no let's like scale it down quite a bit and it's going to be like five or six of his friends and maybe me and uh like two days before one of their friends tested positive so they canceled all that. Yeah.
Hopefully.
well. Happy anniversary.
Well early anniversary.
We had a lot of friends who uh Who graduated a year or two before me but they all set up their date to be 10, and none of them have their weddings
that
day.
They
just got they got like legally married almost all of them over the summer. And then just no one actually had the wedding yet and they're all postponed till next summer for right now.
What?
I'm a biology major.
Yeah, I really like the research aspect and everything. So I was I've been a really big fan of like microbiology and vaccine research and virology through some
of the undergrad
courses. Yeah, it was impeccable timing. I was at a it was like I remember this very vividly. It was it was last december. We got one of our college bars at the end of the semester were out celebrating the end of finals week. And my micro professor was there with her, her boyfriend. And because she likes to go to the bar, she's still young and uh we were talking about it and like she was asking like drunkenly like so like what are your plans after next fall and stuff? And I was like well I'd like to get into grad school and hopefully do something with like vaccine research and then this hit like three months later.
So
we definitely do now.
were talking about that, they think this winter with how the cases are going in such the
NIH to put out an article a couple of weeks ago, the therapist now already now like leading up into this one or just seeing cases skyrocket of people
coming in who are showing a lot of symptoms with anxiety and depression. And then they think that if this keeps going the way it is, we're going to hit like a really bad mental health epidemic across and I mean it was already heading there but it looks
like
for
actually.
Yeah, so for us it was like back in March, we were you know, up here at school and everything going to class, we went on our spring break and then two days after we all got back from spring break, we hit the hay, everything's online and we're only halfway through the semester. So naturally college age kids do what college age want college age kids do. We all went to the beer distributor and we're like oh we're gonna party, like we were like oh this is gonna be great and that after like 34 straight days of doing nothing but drinking were like oh I don't think like anyone's gonna be able to keep up with this and then like it
kind of set in but like the first month was kind of cool because like I was going to work from, I was still like working from home our jobs and everybody home pretty much, and then I was like, oh this is cool, like I have all this free time, I'm going to figure out all this cool stuff to do that I never get to do. And then after about a month I got really bored and I went this like, this actually sucks,
that's
No way.
That's awesome.
Good
for
you.
Yeah, I think this winner is ramping up to be like such a bleak winter at this rate because people are in all these cases skyrocket. A lot of people now are freaking out about going
out anywhere like really freaking out now again, because I felt like over the summer everyone got kind of relaxed because it looked like
because it looks like the initial lockdowns were definitely helping cases weren't going up, but now it's just
running
it's and it's everywhere now. It's not like it's just in new york city or Washington or one state, it's just everywhere with
the
yeah, we just we we we broke a record three times in a row to as of today in pennsylvania. So yesterday it was like 4700 today. It's it's like just under 5500. And I was just
sitting
there like, what are we doing
there?
I have friends who who like work at Pitt. Um because it's, it they get a lot of grant money and stuff and they graduated from here and they work at pit and one friend works on like HIV research. But as soon as March came immediately, it's all off the board. All the research is on hold. Their exclusively on Covid. So
like,
What?
Yeah. They're they're constantly doing stuff exclusive to Covid. And my one friend talked about, he's like, I mean this wasn't like what I was super interested in, but it's incredible to see the money that's getting port in compared to what they previously had because they're they're just in a rush to get this out. So. Mhm.
Oh yeah. So many.
I'll get little Vietnam flashbacks. 30 years from now. I have
yeah. So we um you know, you can't like walk into like a walmart or something. And so it's like, it's always been weird. I mean it's normalized to me, but like when we had friends who had come out from like michigan, Ohio, who would like live there their whole lives, and suddenly they go, wait, what do you mean? I can't go to the supermarket and pick up a six pack, like, no, you got to go to like the liquor store or a beer distributor, or we have um like these chain gas stations called sheets that sell alcohol. Now
they
sell
a lot. Yeah, so they sell that. But the first
time
I went,
yeah, because I I pretty much lived in P. A. The majority of my life, but the first time we went to like Cleveland for like a concert and we went to your pre game and when we went to go pick up the alcohol, we just walked in a grocery store. And I asked my buddy, I was like what are we doing here? Because he's from Ohio, and he goes, you can just walk in here, man, It's there's literally an I. O. For alcohol in the grocery store,
that's and say yeah, so here when the pandemic hit, they announced our governor Tom Wolf said uh liquor and beer distributors have like two days to like sell as much as they can because they're going to go into lockdown, and then a week into that they realize like how bad that is for alcoholics, like where are they going to get their alcohol? So then they did they did a lottery system here with the liquor stores and you had to like put a ticket in, and if you like one your lottery ticket, you could go get alcohol at the liquor store, that's how bad it was.
Oh yeah, I used to work in on an inpatient psychiatric facility for about
three years while going
to
school
here. Yeah, So and I've I've seen the alcohol, the people with alcohol withdrawals. People with the Benzos, um the meth withdrawals and everything and it's awful. But I mean the people going through alcohol withdrawal, it looked like they were going to die like on our floor.
Like it's
hook.
Yeah. I've
I've
seen it all now. Yeah. I did have to get out of the field. It was really burning me out on top of school and everything because um I felt like I was we were able to really help probably like 75% of the adults. But if I was on the kids unit it was just they didn't it just like they didn't give a shit to them. It was like they just treated you like shit the whole time. The majority of the time the alcohol is you could If an adult was lashing out or something, you could, you know, talk them down, you could get,
you know them to understand and calm down and help them with whatever they needed. But kids, it was from 0 to 100. No, come down and it was just uh
with me.
Yeah. I I loved working with the adults. It was a lot of fun. Um
I could around a lot more, but with the kids it was like I had to be a dad the entire time. Just try and like monitor every little thing they did. So it was a little rough but congratulations
on three years of sobriety. That's great.
Well
congratulations.
And
it's good that you realized all that and work towards it. I mean that's I've heard I mean I don't have any personal friends who have really gone through that, but I mean I've heard a lot of stories from people that it's very difficult to get through all that.
I'll have to keep I have to make a mental note of that. Especially. Yeah.
Because um during this I actually haven't really drank much during this whole pandemic. I quit. I used to smoke when I was working at the psych center was very stressful and then I moved on to baiting because it felt a lot better. And what's the pandemic hit? I quit that. But now I just use
these uh these these these like nicotine pouches, these in things
that yeah, they really help honestly. And I'm not vaping or anything. So I realized that I need to watch my health and my lungs and everything. So
I had a lot of friends that did the same thing we all said together like mid March when it hit because they you know, they were worried about it being a really bad respiratory virus. And we're all like all right, let's hold just like quit together. And I think only two of us have quit. Like officially the other ones went back and bought new baits and everything. So.
It was awful for me for a while. Yeah. I would wake up in the morning and before like while I'm making breakfast and coffee, I would have to have a smoke on our back porch just to like get up for the day and it was miserable. And then uh my roommate one day, it was like two years ago he um had the jewels like that was right when they were getting popular. He's like, hey just like to try this out. And I was like this is way better. And like that very day I ordered one online and I quit that day off smoking so I was pretty happy but every time I go to my doctor so like you gotta quit anything because they're like we don't know the long term effects were like we know it's better than cigarettes but we don't know the long term effects and I was working on it.
What?
Yeah I'm graduating here. Um uh like the first week of december being another roommate. Art were both in the same age and stuff but we have completely different classes this last semester. Um We're both looking to move to Pittsburgh. We've both been frantically applying good jobs so hopefully.
I
I love
Next. I don't know if you've heard of it but. Mexican war streets
down there. Yeah. That's probably my favorite like area within the city, just
from
how
the buildings look. Yeah, it's right next to Allegheny General Hospital, but
if it wasn't
so expensive,
I would love to move like that be the place I'd want to move, but
it's a pretty
expensive area,
My
I have friends who moved to Denver after they were like chemistry majors and they lived there for like a year and a half, then they moved back home to Pittsburgh because they said it's just too expensive.
Yeah, they hated it, but
No, I think, I think I felt pretty good. Thanks for the great conversation. These have actually
been a lot of fun to do from home while I'm working from home. I keep signing up for these and they've been really hope.
that's great. And you're,
you're a great person, have a conversation with. It
was
nice, nice to meet you chris, so yeah,
yeah, absolutely. Have a good day
chris