I'm doing all right to be done one of these before.
I was like, I look horrible. Uh I'm chris by the way yeah, that's like the third or fourth one but john
just racking them up where you located. Let
me start a timer here. Sorry, I try to make sure we
get 25
minutes. Okay, we're good.
Mhm. Were you at sorry at miss that?
I'm in ST louis right now. Um
Yeah, crazy here, but I'm originally from texas and western pennsylvania, you know, many years ago I got stranded at du bois pennsylvania.
this would have been the summer of 99. I was driving
from Ohio to New Jersey and my transmission went out so I was stuck and I think it's
two boys. There's a du bois one of those
like
20/20 years ago. So I was stuck there for a week in a new transmission anyway, that has nothing to do
anything.
There
wasn't
then
either.
There's
there's a good reason to call it that. It's yeah, I've been here about a year. My wife was a librarian and she got a job out here with the libraries and so that's why we moved here. But it's got its pluses and minuses. What branch of the military reunion
army were you ever at in either Fort Hood or Fort Sam in texas?
The
book
army.
I always have to ask. I grew I was born and raised in san Antonio and anybody who's army
medical ends up or just army in general usually ends up at Fort Sam for a while for an extended amount of time. So always have to check. It's pretty likely.
That's that's understandable. It's human there. So you missed out on that.
It's pretty
absolutely. I'm on I'm on the I'm back with a huge screen, so my camera is up here, but the screens down here, so it looks like I'm not looking at you, looks like I'm
like staring off, it's something but it's a good foot away from my camera, so it looks like I'm being a little person and if I can move that now anyway.
yeah, my wife's the library and we just got married right after we moved here about a year ago, so Thanks. Yeah, so she's uh luckily got a pretty stable job that yeah, it's going pretty well. I do freelance graphic design. My background is actually in theater, uh have a Master's of Fine Arts in directing, but as I'm sure you can understand there's no life theater happening anytime this
year.
So I I've been doing freelance like graphic design and and writing and stuff, um so I am not the breadwinner in the house right now.
Absolutely,
I don't know, they were necessarily struggling, luckily she's got a secure job, but what do you do out there in western pennsylvania? What's what's your life like these days?
wow.
Excellent.
if you can, you know, I'm 46 I wish I had been smarter about saving money back when I was younger, but I wasn't.
absolutely.
congrats,
that's exciting.
Senior
itis.
Yeah, I think a lot of people experience that we we live in an area of ST louis actually in the county, we're not the same as proper, but we're in one of the towns that surround it and there's no coffee shop somewhere around here, we were going to open a coffee shop, you know, there's not there's not even a Starbucks within five
miles
of our house. Yeah, it's crazy.
Well
I'm just not in our immediate area if we go actually into the town there are but so we were we had already, you know filed all the LLC paperwork and got everything under way. This isn't the beginning of the year and scope out spaces and thank goodness we didn't like by a space and then nobody
is
going
to
be going to a coffee shop in person and hanging out for any time soon. So yeah, this entrepreneurial people are just having a rough time as well.
it's
going to happen,
it
was
bound to
happen
yeah, this past week I guess about two days ago my wife found out that eight people she knows in one day she on april people she knows has it. Um And only one death her best friend in uh colorado which is where we moved from. Her husband's father passed away from it last week. Um
So yeah but it's just it's just rampant right now, everybody's catching it, it's crazy. So
stayed
home.
dane.
at
that
point
and
just
sounds like a nightmare
That's what's
scary.
Hello?
a lot of that stuff getting put on hold I mean he could just say well do my 50th next year or something right we've
we we had a we had to reschedule our wedding, we haven't actually had a wedding like we're legally married we just into the courthouse um november of last year actually a year ago tomorrow 13 but
thanks.
But uh so yeah, we were planning on having an actual wedding ceremony back in Austin, which is where my parents are and we've postponed it now three times and I don't know when it's ever going to happen, which is fine, it doesn't believe it matters, which is kind of a reason to get together, but that's not going to happen for a while, so.
That's
not
going
to happen.
Yeah, it's fine. I mean it's it's fun to plan
and to get everybody together, you know friends I've had for 30 years or I'll still still be my friends in a couple years whenever we plan to do it. So I hope. But uh what are you studying?
Oh wow, that's awesome.
Great
timing.
She's
like, yeah that's awesome. Yeah the anybody who, this is just my old guy, things like anybody who wants to go to grad school for the arts don't do it. But any any kind of medical field, especially epidemiology, microbiology, neurobiology, any of that kind of thing. We need so many people in there are.
Yeah. Absolutely. And I'm wondering you know I've always been a big advocate for people who have even the slightest interest in studying psychology or um psychiatry or anything like that to do it. And I'm just wondering if you know we've got this past year it seems like everybody in the nation maybe everybody in the world has had some sort of just super stressed out depression, anxiety persistently the whole time. And I just wonder if there's going to be a long term mental health problems.
Lord.
absolutely
it
was
already
pretty bad. Yeah and I hear on the news about you know teen suicides are up, alcohol sales are up 50% or more over the last year. And just those kind of things worry me because there's such long term um quality of life things for people that I just worry that even if the physical health benefits, you know, maybe we get a vaccine and maybe in uh six months to a year, things that are under more control. But I just think that the anxiety and the traumatic experience of going through this with everybody is going to be with us for a while.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. It's luckily I like to read books, I've read a bunch of books this year. I wrote a book during the last lockdown. Um
Just it's not benefit, it's actually published it. It's called
The Realist Shit. You ever heard you can get it on amazon, You don't have to buy it, but that was just something I did. Um
But you're
trying
to
stay, stay busy is uh it's hard, you know, luckily I'm I'm kind of at home person anyway, so I can find stuff to do. I always have some projects to work on, you know, something to write or some project idea, but I think it's really going to affect people pretty seriously if it's not already.
On
a little overly complacent. Yeah.
It's just
back with
Every
state is seeing record numbers on a daily basis that beats the previous day's record. So
That's
crazy.
But
and I would imagine since that that's your field kind of now that you're anxious to like help out in some way or you kind of setting your sights on. I'm in the absolute perfect field right now. What is my path, as far as developing vaccines would be huge. But you know, there's also so many other things you can do that and I'm I'm sure you're flooded with ideas about that too.
would imagine
anybody in that field, I know a lot of researchers and doctors who that was their specialty came out of retirement. Like they had retired from epidemiology or whatever, or even uh emergency department.
You know, they like, I can come in for a little bit and come out of retirement. Just any all hands on deck.
It's it's so crazy. It's chaotic. This will be one of those things that everybody talks about for a long time, like. Oh yeah, I remember 2020 and everybody will have a story about a bunch of stories about it.
No,
stuck with my family and we couldn't leave the house for two months. Um But you mentioned, I forgot the whole um in pennsylvania, I guess that's the beer distributors, like alcohol, the students. And so that was a weird bottle for that state as a completely shifting to what you talked about like five minutes ago.
Yeah, I'm familiar
with
sheets,
I
forgot
about them.
Yeah, and and here in Missouri, it's even farther to the extreme. The other way, I stopped drinking about 3.5 years ago, but living in the state is really weird because every store is a liquor store, Walgreens sells liquor like liquor liquor and grocery stores. So liquor and every store I could, if I wanted to buy whiskey, I could get whiskey at target. It's the weirdest thing.
Yeah, that's the scary thing. I am a recovering alcoholic. Like I said, I stopped drinking about 3.5 years ago. And the scary thing about it is withdrawal from alcohol can be fatal. You probably know this being in the medical field, but Benzos and alcohol are the two drugs that withdrawals could be fatal. And so if you just cut people off completely without any medical supervision who have a problem with their drinking. Yeah, it could be fatal. And so I that's a tenuous line.
Did
you know
all
about
It feels
like it, Yeah, I I went to rehab twice um in
early 2017. And yeah, I felt like I was going to sweat out like every drop of alcohol and my fluid in my blood. And I don't miss that at all. But that's yeah, if you've worked in an inpatient psychiatric hospital, like that's one of those jobs that i is only for a particular type of person, but it's definitely valuable, you know, people who are suicidal, they're having um bipolar manic episodes or anything like that. Being able to understand
where they're coming from is so
important.
Well,
I would be so terrible about that. And my patients with people, an understanding of where people are coming from has gotten a lot better over the last few years. Um because I understand where they're coming from, people
behave irrationally and they don't necessarily mean it that's just how they're acting, that, you know, they have some sort of um disorder is something, but yeah, with kids it's it's tough, I would not be good at that and thank goodness there are people who do that,
Mhm.
that would be,
yeah, it's one of those things that I was a heavy drinker for 21 years from when I was 21 when I was 42 you know, I'm not telling you anything you don't know, but the denial and justification and just being addicted people and not realizing it like being selfish to people who cared about me and not realizing that I was being that way. Um Yeah, it's getting sober is probably one of the best things that I've done and you're just in this delusional haze that you don't understand, you know,
the
record you're doing.
Thanks.
It is uh unfortunate, you know, my um my first year of sobriety three close friends of mine who were around my age all drink themselves to death, like they didn't get the help or didn't have the understanding or the care like you get to a point where you're like, so what if it kills me? I don't care. You know? It's hard to relate to that from the same point of view. But having that mentality is pretty common and yeah, you know, as you get older like you seem like you're very sharp aware guy of these kind of things but it's a slowly progressive disorder addiction in general is and you know, keep an eye out on people that you know because somebody in in your friends group or anything like that, you know, they develop a problem and they may not even realize it.
Yeah.
Good.
I've seen those.
You're you're farther ahead than a lot of people who are twice your age as far as awareness. So that's great.
It's uh it's tough to explain but some people you don't know why you're still doing it like smoking is that way, But drinking or any of those, like it gets to the point where it doesn't really have much of an effect on you. Your tolerance goes, but you still have to do it. And it's, it's hard to describe to somebody why you can't quit. Like it controls, you know more than you control it and it's like having a parasite and your psyche, you know, that just takes over. But
I'm glad that that technology exists. I I baked for a while too and it I never smoked
before. Um but I picked up the vaping and I think it's exactly like what you did is segue off of cigarettes. It smells better. Uh you know, you don't smell like a bar all the time and I don't think it's safe, but you're right, it's got to be safer than smoking cigarettes and if you're singling off of those, it's gonna be a great thing. So we've got 25 minutes so far, but doesn't necessarily have to wrap up. But what you have planned your graduating soon? Right.
like Pittsburgh, I haven't been there in a long time. I went there for a theater conference easily 25 years ago before they got rid of three River Stadium. So is that long ago? And I like to Pittsburgh a lot. I think it was the downtown areas, gorgeous, the mountains and everything were cool and it's an older industrial town, so the architecture that not everybody is a big fan of those old industrial buildings, I think they're awesome. Um Yeah,
Pittsburgh
down.
No,
I want
to check
that out,
I'll
take
at that,
I
think,
yeah, what I've found is I lived in austin texas and I was in Denver here before and what I found is those were kind of like, so I guess the last 20 years have been like hip towns to live in, like everybody wants to live there, there's a big entrepreneurial, seen a lot of tech and both of those, but they're unaffordable now, so I think a lot of people are looking for other big cities that have all the big city amenities, but aren't as expensive in ST louis is one, Pittsburgh is another like these are big towns that are cheaper to live in, so yeah, Pittsburgh can be a great place, very
hope. Mhm
everything there is expensive, it's not san Francisco expensive, but it's comparable to Austin and I everything, they are like food, everything, real estates, way overpriced. So
yeah. Anyways uh any any last minute thoughts or concerns, anything you need to get off your chest to a complete stranger. Got event about something or anything like that.
man.
same here, I I find that sort of therapeutic, I spent almost all my time alone. I met the house during my wife is working. I actually, I'm doing once that I don't have my sign with me, but once the pandemic dies down, I'm doing basically this only in person. So I made a little sign that says talk to me about anything and I put it in a frame and I was with, the pandemic was kind of under control, I was going around to the park just putting it up, like if somebody just walking around the park, it just needs to like I don't judge people, you know, or anything like that. So somebody just needs to talk to a complete stranger. You know, I'm not a therapist. They can. So it was kind of inspired by these, like I said, I've done some release and I find them really good. Just the way you talk to other clothes. Yeah,
guys.
Well,
thanks.
Have a great rest of your week, man. It's been a pleasure.
Take