how are you?
and see, what
about you,
antsy
Yeah, well this, do I guess I'll meet you online. Where
are you located?
Mhm.
you're
so, that's great. Yes, I'm also from California, so
that's
so
yeah, yeah, so I live in the bay Area for six years and then I moved back to Sacramento, which is where I'm originally from, so like really? Yeah, it's kind of crazy because none of my friends are in san Jose so um
yeah. Small world. Yeah.
What?
That's
so close. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I would say like Davis is kind of like our home, you see, so yeah, since it's so close to sacramento.
so
what do you do? Um
No, I graduated uh go ahead. Yeah.
No.
Okay, so you you're so like you live in Seattle but you're just back temporarily or?
And
that makes sense. Nice. Okay, cool, so you work in Seattle yours? Okay. Yeah. That's uh I was gonna say, I feel like yeah, like a lot of my friends also in san Jose are software engineers
or right
like in that in that same sector so I can I relate on a a pretty hard level. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know I graduated a few years ago so uh but
I was there for work after, so it was kind of nice and then just you know, move back because I covid this well, so yeah.
Yeah, that's right, yeah.
So our company, right, we're like based
like san
Francisco and then everyone who works at home, so that's where I am. Not that now. Yeah.
Yeah. Um I'm a product designer, so um on a
day to day
basis I work very
closely with engineers, so that's yeah, so I would say I feel like it's weird.
It's like you know, it's kind of interesting like I think 90%
of my
interactions
are with engineers pretty much in our product manager. So yeah. So
it's been
Yeah. I know for sure. I guess like product design and sorry, I'm trying to like also piece together like someone who does like I guess right web design but beyond its like user experience I guess. I don't know if that's a better way to put it. Yeah. Right? So like not like I'm not like a like a physical product designer so I don't design like Fitbit or like the iphone for example. Yeah. So like you x I guess it's Yeah. Yeah.
So
yeah, it's good. Yeah. I mean like definitely busy with my work from a like a clinical research company. And so it's kind of interesting, right? Because like it's covid season and obviously like our companies like super busy. A lot of our clients actually, they are doing covid cases, which is kind of cool because it's like, you know, they're not going to disclose your information to us. But since we're like um well like it's hub for the information, like obviously they have to disclose some information. So it's kind of interesting because like, you know, you kind of get their insights on like the vaccines, right? And everything. So I don't know. I think it's kind of a meat industry van. Um Yeah. How about, you know like what, like what else do you do?
That's
Oh wow. No kudos to you for doing. That's like pretty much are you looking mostly like since it's like work from home, are you still looking at companies that are like in the bay area or you're just like pretty much open um
to anywhere?
Mhm. Yeah. How long did you live in Seattle for?
That's nice. Yeah. I had a few friends who into Seattle, it's pretty nice like going up there and I think the only thing was like, it rained a lot when we went. But I mean that's pretty that's like a given, right? So yeah, I don't know. It's it's really different from California, but that's nice. Yeah.
Yeah. I know. I've heard about engineering interviews. Like they I heard they're pretty brutal like. Yeah, because yeah, it's my boyfriend's also an engineer. He actually got a new job right before Covid started and he was saying like, right, like right, good time. Like he was on boarding and then their company they were just like no word everyone's in a work from home. So right they've been doing that too. But I just felt kind of bad because I feel like his on boarding was cut short. But also like he was lucky and that that the like he had a couple of offers and one of the companies he was looking at they actually ended up like not doing well during Covid. So I think what he did he chose like the safe route but it was more like the stability versus like the excitement of a startup. So I think that was the trade off there. But yeah but
bit. Yeah.
Right
because I think it was great that they had like right like all the benefits
like um what is it like all the stock options
and
if the I. P. O. And they had estimated
to I. P. O. And like 2021
which raises next year and now I think that's not going to happen. So I think. Yeah.
I know. So I was
like that's just so unfortunate. Yeah. Also
I don't know if it's
like
it right?
So I don't know if it's my internet but like I don't know if I. Yeah I don't see you anymore. I it
doesn't
matter.
I
just was like no or like I just
see
like
just feel like my screen's black. I see you're like silhouette
and then I see like like the headphone set. But that's it but it's weird. I don't
know what
happened to me before too. Yeah but all good.
It could
be my
internet.
Yeah.
I mean like what kind of led you to you know, give a study or like the interested in it?
I feel you.
No, for
I would
say.
Yeah. Pretty much like my friend, she was
originally on prolific and she's like, hey, you should check this out. Like this is like a pretty cool site, right? And also, I feel like it fell
in line with like my, like my sector of like clinical work because like a lot of this stuff I saw, I was like, oh, like kind of neat,
right? But I was
like, I was
like, so apprehensive about doing this. Okay, so now you're back. That's so weird. Um I was like, so apprehensive because like, I really want to talk to a random person for like 30 minutes, right? Um Yeah, but it's been good. I think you're my fourth time doing this. And it's been like everyone's been like pretty nice, I mean like friendly and open and talkative, but I think it's Yeah, but same same thing is you trying to like you know in a little bit of money? I think Covid like really showed me that it was so easy for people to lose their jobs and just like you know like just not find jobs for a while. So I just want to try to like you said, get ahead and just you know, feel a little bit more stable um during this time.
So yeah, I mean are you how are things like in san Jose like you're still, I feel like they're like openings are opening up a little bit more right? Like to hear about
your,
have
you not gone out?
Oh that's good. You're like so safe. Okay.
I understand you how?
That makes sense. Do you have a see your house spanish chance? I know that a lot of houses do not. So
I was curious just based on the air quality and since it's been really hot right?
no,
that's
so bad. Yeah.
I
I feel you. Oh
no.
That's so bad. We yeah, we have a C here like so I'm also with my parents but I'm house sitting for my aunt and uncle just temporarily they
don't have a seat and Dude, it's a brutal and sacramento. Like it was like there was two weeks what? It was like 110° and I thought I was just going to die here. Like it's like, dude, I'm like it's
so gross.
but it was it's been okay. Yeah.
It's pretty
bad.
It is, it's pretty old. Yeah. I just thought it was weird because I was like, I know a lot of Bay Area places didn't when I was living there like san Francisco, but I was like, dude, I don't yeah, I don't know how like I started this two weeks. It was
pretty bad, but it's a lot better now. It's still pretty hot. It's like, yeah, this week though. Um Yeah, but yeah, but I'm glad like anyways, the air quality is better so like at least you can go outside, right? If you have to.
Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty brutal. Yeah. Like my friend, she actually got Covid, she's the only
person who I know, you know how like you hear about a lot of people saying they know people who got Covid, but I didn't know anyone who actually got Covid, like I would hear like acquaintances, but they're not
like friends. And then my friend got it. And I, to be honest, like as bad as it sounds, I'm not surprised because she would go out a lot like during that period, right? When like bars are open and um, restaurants, she would
go and she was dating. And I was like, maybe you should just like not going to like virtual dating right? Like a lot of people are doing that. Yeah.
And she was like, no, she's like, we'll be okay. Like things
are open for a reason. And then like two months later she got Covid, I don't know, maybe it wasn't related
to that, but somehow
she got it and it's pretty bad. So yeah.
Like she was like quarantined and she had like a fever for like five days. Like, I think it was like
over 100 degrees. I think. She like, but it's
so weird because I think she tested asymptomatic twice. But the doctor said just to assume that she has Covid. So I guess so. She didn't, but it sounds like she matched all the symptoms
and everything, so I don't know. Uh huh.
Yeah.
So
she's good now. Yeah. But she's back, like
out.
Like,
why
she
was
back out. Yeah. Yeah. She didn't like this weekend. She was she seeing another person and she's like, hey, this person invited me over for a board game night and I'm like, that sounds fun. And so she's like, can
you be like, my wing woman? I was like, no, because I don't know these people right? And was like, I would be nice to go out right and just hang out with some people. But it's like, there's like 10 people. I don't know these people, we don't know these people, there's going to be alcohol. And I was like, that's just like, probably kind of a recipe for disaster at least right now, right? Like maybe pre coated. That would be fun. But she's there right now tonight. And I'm like, I hope you're ok. So yeah.
Yeah. So yeah.
Do you know anyone who like covid directly
or just like,
no.
Oh, that's pretty good. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what
I know.
I
know. That's
exactly what I can. I know that's what I was thinking. I was like, I feel like looking around, I don't know anyone except for my friend now that had covid actually. So I'm like, why are you getting covid from? Yeah, but still, I guess it's good to be safe and inside, you know?
Um I think I feel like going out for something to get groceries and like going out on walks and stuff but the gym, definitely. No. Um But I wouldn't see him. Yeah paranoid but because I also live with my parents, I don't want to put them at risk, right? So it's like yeah so I was like if I could go I would but I was like I don't want to like put anyone at risk and I feel like after seeing my friend get covid I was like dude like that doesn't sound fun. And I was like I also don't want to like take time off work. Like I got Covid and then all my coworkers were like oh so you're sick
Yeah. So
yeah. What do you do when you're at home then? Like I guess besides job searching and working? Yeah.
What?
that's fine
here.
Yeah. Yeah.
What
T.
V. Shows do you watch usually?
Well I think it is it is it an asian is it asian show or no?
Is it
because my brother watched? Okay.
Oh I see. Yeah. Yeah I just looked it up. Okay so I was thinking because my brother was watching like I think actually chinese show so I was like wait what is? Okay.
interesting.
Um Not really. I don't know I feel like you know not not not as much recently just because like we're moving into a new house so like there's been a lot of like movement and and other just like life stuff. But I watched recently the social dilemma which I feel like everyone in the bay Area watch early in the tech industry and I
think that
was
pretty interesting. Yeah
it's like about like right. Um God I watched and I can't remember. It's sorry work stuff. Um It is kind of about like I guess.
Wait okay let me just make sure I'm thinking ready because like I feel like I talked about that so much of my friends so
it basically kind of um Mhm. Looks at the dangerous like the impacts of human like social networking and right.
So especially like on tech companies like facebook
and
linkedin and and I think twitter and their impact
on late, you know privacy and humanity. So it's pretty interesting. It's a I would recommend it's pretty like
a really neat new documentary.
Yeah. What are their shows do you watch besides the Lost Kingdom?
Oh I have
heard
of it. Yeah. Uh
I haven't
seen it but
I've heard
of
it yeah.
Okay. Yeah I think my some of my friends talked about. Okay I have to look into that. Okay. Any other recommendations are just
now?
I'm
pretty open
honestly. Yeah. I feel like a lot of my rex come from my friends. I just feel like I like like oh this looks interesting and click on it and then I'm like now I don't like it but I'm pretty open.
Like honestly two different genres.
Okay.
Oh that's interesting. Yeah. Okay. Is it like you like you guys like it's over?
That's kind of nice. It's like now you know like everything that's going to happen. Okay. Yeah. I'll look into that. Sounds pretty interesting. Well
what
are some of your favorite board games like when you used
to play? Mhm.
I think I've played Resistance, I've heard of the others but I haven't played them as much. I was
gonna say if you're ever in Berkeley before. Cool. But there was this really cool board game cafe um It was really cool like you would pay like $5 and you can stay there like however long you want and there was just like all these board games and you could just um like play and it was like super fun. Yeah so it's in Berkeley though, have you ever are there there?
Yeah. Yeah I'm sure yes maybe a few of them they might know it it was
pretty popular so yeah
I just kind of so yeah. Okay that's this has been so since I played card games, I feel like you know since like March and even before then.
There was
this one like is it Catan? I'm trying to think so uh
It
was one where like you like everyone you could have like a big group and you were trying to I'm just I'm just going to look at time is cool. It resources
not
Catan.
It's
Okay so like a group and it's like you're trying to fight big things. Like there's like a pandemic was actually what we played like maybe
it's called
endemic.
Is that
what is that? She's
We
have
isn't
not?
Yes. That's it. That's it pandemic. Yeah. Okay. That would be like yeah that's it. Okay. I was like it's so fitting with covid.
Um Yeah it really is. And you know that's what is crazy. I think that was the last four game we played like last summer. And then I was like dude like we never should have played it because now look what happened. Um Yeah,
it was pandemic. I remember. I know just but that was that was I think so for me. But it's like there's a lot of other like I think I sometimes like I really like not apple apples to apples just
cause it's
like
stupid. Yeah, because
I have a kind of stupid I feel like and it's like, I don't know like you see everyone's like sense of humor and come out and I feel like that's kind of a cool way to meet people who you don't meet so I can get to know you kind of way. It's kind of funny. Yeah.
Yeah.
that's actually, yeah, no, that would be on my list
too. Yeah. Yeah.
that's
three.
Yeah, exactly. It is. It's like art
cards against humanity was like, dude, it's so dark. And I was like, I just feel like I found out so much more about my friends like that. I was like, oh, wow, this is like what you're keeping, you know, do you have other favorites besides like uh the
ones you listen, like Avalon and resistance or?
It sounds
similar. I don't
think I played it. Yeah,
No.
that's
pretty funny.
How
If you're Exactly, that's okay. Let me just say, I'm like, this is so uh you said you play this online, just like with your, when you were less busy. Mhm.
Don't
play
them.
Yeah. Oh, no. So like after you get a new job, are you going to reward yourself by playing Dominion again? Is that like kind of, Okay?
I don't
know.
Onboarding? Just feel like this is my onboarding? Yeah,
Yeah. Yeah, no, I agree. I feel like things are more lax, not lax, but like, I just feel like things are a
little bit more lax and I'm just like, I also feel like when this pandemic started, like I didn't really know how to work from home. I feel like I was like doing a lot of miscellaneous things during work time, like checking my personal email or like cleaning that up and I was like an hour ago and was like why am I cleaning my email? I should be working. I don't know, it was really, it's kind of hard. I don't know if you feel like you've gotten better at separating work in life where there is still interwoven.
Exactly. That's what, yeah. And then it's like if you want to work from like 8-10
and you could do that too right? Like. Yeah. Right.
Yeah.
Yeah. The
nice thing is I have to say like it's been nice to go grocery shopping when there's not that many people like because now that you can work from home right before you have to like go shopping before afterwards, which everyone is doing, but now it's like I can go at eight a.m. If I don't have a meeting and then I'll come back and I'm like oh there's like no line. It's like no people like let's coping I guess. Yeah. So yeah, that's
the upside
to that.
Um yeah, that's a good yeah, I would see it was
flex
but I was like I like being in there
just
like to
kind of ground myself because I feel like I'm like a routine person so I like going like really late, let's say we have like because we have stand ups right every day um at 9 30. Yeah, and it's like if I go in and out and stand up day or if I guess
we can't stand up like late,
I just felt like I threw everything up so I just rather go in early and just like have a day by day. Yeah. How
about
you? Was
it like all over the place?
no.
I feel it, right? And you just feel so shitty the next day? Yeah, I know, I feel you. Yeah. It's like I hope like once you like, right, you get a new job, like you like that better and then you can like, well I guess I don't have to go in the office anymore, but it's like, like it sets a good mindset, right? Yeah. Oh man.
Yeah,
that's
I hope you do too. I feel like it's nice to have like a something to like do or look forward to. So what kind of like, you know what kind of like engineer, Like I'm not too familiar with engineering but like right there is like I know this front engineers and back and I don't know if you like what type you specifically are or just any
if.
Thank
you.
See
you. Okay.
All
Do you
work at Microsoft? Sorry. I'm like,
I
look good. Okay. I was trying I was like, I don't want to ask him be like
intruding.
I know. The first
time you said that I was like, I was like Seattle I was like, okay. Like yeah, I was thinking was the amazon or Microsoft or like,
I
mean, I know Seattle has so much more about like, in terms of tech, those
are the
two big one.
All right. Okay. Well, I guess 50, I was 50%. Okay. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Okay. Windows offer. Okay. But you don't like, you're trying to, would you consider working on linkedin because it's like now it's been acquired by Microsoft or you're still looking at Eddie come
when they work? I don't know for engine. I can
ask. I know a few engineers who, because I used to work at Lincoln like back when I
was recruiting.
Yeah. And some of the Microsoft, I was like, okay. Yeah. But I think they said that engineering should be hiring again. I think. I don't hear. Um Oh yeah. Let me see actually. Uh, yeah, because I know they're hiring for product designer. So I would say, well, I can't really, I would assume that maybe the whole delivery teams hiring, but uh they're making it
really hard to look for dogs. Actually lengthen.
You would
think
so.
Okay. I found it. Okay. Maybe
I'm
just not join us. I don't know. I don't like how they do it honestly, like I really can't tell. But I think if you
go just to like engineering dot linkedin dot com, it should direct you to the appropriate place. But when I do it takes me back to Lincoln and then I actually stopped look for an engineering job. I was like, I don't know how you do it, but that's Yeah.
she
wasn't really Okay.
I know, that's such a, you know, I heard that like actually sometimes they they like
the product team, they're like testing for like they're like doing tests and so you'll see like fake jobs on there. And I didn't know that until I talked to one of the P. M. So I was like why do I say this job? And I said it's at Lincoln and the hiring managers
like someone like right, like senior engineering manager and then you click on it and then nothing
happens and they're like, oh we're doing tests, you should really take those tests off the actual interface,
right? Because I was like I saw a product design one and I was really excited and they were like and then I asked someone like one of the design recruiters there and they're like what are you talking about? This is not on like our pipeline. So yeah, I was kind of weird. Yeah so that was like, maybe that could be something, I don't know. But yeah,
yeah, I think
they are hiring actually. So
I like, I see like stuff software engineer, I don't know.
But
anyway,
hey, maybe in a few years, Right? You can, yeah,
there are a lot of them are staff positions, senior stuff, so I don't know.
that
makes
sense.
Are you,
yeah, are you like, are you like, like senior engineer? You're just like the software, regular
software.
What? I don't even know how the
titles
work,
like
that's okay.
So you're like
making your way
Yeah. Nice. So you're like mid level I guess? I don't even know
how they would.
That's so weird. Yeah, because like, oh, that's interesting cause I can design world. They don't, they just have like, you're like a junior designer or your mid level and the mid level, it can range between three acres of experience. And I was like, there's, but there's like, no, it doesn't classify you as like senior or anything, Like, it's just like this broad range of mid level, which I don't even know what supposed to mean, right? Like, Yeah,
I,
that's a good question. I don't know. Because the other designer, Yeah, that's a bad thing, right? I should know that the other designer and our team, he's pretty senior, but we both have the same title, which is product designer, but he's way more senior than I am. And I'm like, uh, I don't know. That's like, maybe like he's trying to pivot into like product management or engineering because I feel like he's interested in those fields, but I was like, I don't know, there's some weird discrepancy, so maybe I'll ask him one of these days. Yeah. Yeah. cool. Well, I think we are definitely past that 25 minutes or whatever more. Um Yeah.
Nice video to my first time meeting from, from
California actually, So it was, yeah. Nice. Yeah. Cool. Well, alright. Yeah. Have a good night and good luck with your job search.