Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah it's and yeah the name yeah. Think, wow. Right. Yeah. Yeah. You wait. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Um Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. One. Yeah. I'm Mhm. One sure. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Mhm. And
one so.
I can hear you. Yeah.
And politics. I think I hear some sounds. Mhm. Yeah.
had a hard way
but sounds okay. Okay. Perfect. However
thank you. I am fine here.
good.
But I think we can talk about the anything like in a social event. Just. Yeah. What are your hobbies? Do you have any hobby? Oh
We're that's where we come. I won't we would like to do something related to wood but I'm afraid to cut my fingers or harm my hands. Oh
well so.
No it's the first time.
What?
Yeah. So you live in in the U. S.
Uh huh. Do you hear me? Yeah. Okay. I must think that you live in the United States.
Uh You can't hear me?
When?
Yeah. Oh do you hear me now?
Okay. Cook.
So I am asking that do you within the United States?
How how is this station? Is there related to coronavirus?
Uh No, I think about the station of the coronavirus. Are there so many cases?
Uh you asking the question? I didn't hear
uh in in the I'm living in Iowa. So here the case is uh the city I live in there are the thousands cases maybe like that. But in august uh the universities will be in person. So I think it will increase the number of the cases rapidly. So yeah hopefully. Yeah they will get the vaccines there is soon. Yeah. Yeah.
So my my friends always uh talk about the numbers like the number of the cases. But I'm just focusing on the positive side. When I search, I just search for the vaccine is the way. Yeah. So
I am expert on that vaccine. Why? Okay. So,
uh, just one year. Today is a girl. Yeah. It's like the one year.
So I know, what else do you do? You like the play chest?
there.
Yeah. So yeah, I also don't begin there in the chest but I play that every day Maybe for high science. Yeah.
I
was planning
like the master where six heritage.
I'm playing a chess dot com. Yes.
Yeah, that's the famous website. So it has also the lessons and some puzzles. Yeah. You can try and fly around, improve your skills before before sweeping everyday. I play chess if I win, I have the positive feelings for tomorrow. Yeah, cheer up. If I ever I said oh my gosh, that's not
my day. Yeah. What? Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh No I have that roommate was made. Oh that
but by the way which type of the products you make from the boot?
Oh that's girl, what do you think? Uh for instance can I learn that like the of working on the wood from watching the videos on Youtube on our skill share or something like that?
It
Yeah is there any place you buy the wood from there or you just cut the tree and break on that?
I really like and after shade do it. You also things like uh you know make something for home like decoration. Uh uh
Do you know the application p interest? Uh
It's the application and you can see the pictures um like the people all around the world of what the pictures related to. Do it yourself and something they product. So I always look at them and say oh my God they are very beautiful. I would like to make one of them by myself. Yeah
that's
why I am keen on yeah on the decorative saying and I didn't do good things but I paint something like that.
You can see
its first yeah oil painting on the canvas. But yeah
I am planning to do more cans of things. Would she do? Yeah. So hopefully I've learned sunday. Yeah. Unfortunately I am super busy all over the birth of big because of my lessons, lectures at the university. But yeah I want to have something like the hobby to do and release my stress you know?
it's c from stress. So I am the PhD students. So I need to work on my research, I need to teach. I need to study my lessons all of them. And it's really the super stressful station.
Well, yeah.
um the universe of one year. It's my I finished just my first year. So it will be like the five year program. But yeah, so hopefully I look finish it. But because of the coronavirus and the things I lose some of my motivation I'd like to switch to in that rate. But let's see what's happening. Yeah. Because most students this year uh didn't find the job after the graduation. Most of them, they were studying five years at the end. They have no job. It's really painful.
Yeah. That's why it's better to switch in that very early, I think. Yes. Yeah.
But there are not so many technicians in the United States. Right I think. Yeah.
Yeah.
I also want to switch the computer side but just like the programming because my major is the finance but everybody learns and do some financial thing. It's like the yeah oversaturated in the U. S. Market. Therefore I would like to learn the programming and the stuff related the and relatives and switched uh my peter career. So who wants to video?
I just learned the basics of bison before coming here. But currently I am taking online courses uh to strengthen them. Yeah piss on our so next we'll be C++. What? Yeah. It's really fun. More fun than finance definitely. It's very uh but uh it's all very well to be challenging because I need also to focus on my classes. Yeah
some
are yeah go ahead for it.
Yeah there are a bunch of courses which make it easy. I just backed it one course and I said, oh my God, so many advanced things over there. Unfortunately the cars recommends me like the sound basic cars before taking that one. So I chose the basic one and learn. But it's yeah, it's really fun because so many job opportunities if you know the python, our SQL uh
java you mean? Yeah, I didn't try but people say that I need to the javascript they sent joe was great because when you do programming automatically you will see results. It's like motivating
because yeah you see the outcome uh passed away but I didn't try yet. I'm just working on Fisa.
Hi.
I am elected without say that motivated person. If I start something I would like to do everything to study to learn. And also I am taking business analytics cars. Yeah, I went to do everything at the same time. But at the end, most of the time I failed some of them because rationally it's not possible to do everything like the perfectly or to complete everything if you start yeah doing the things at the same time. So that's why I just go with the piss on after mastering gain. I will go and speak West style.
So yeah probably. Uh models. It is must especially for for the ones who wants to go in the market, especially in the finance. Even if you go with the finance people in like the big banks and also the big companies ask for your software skills. They don't care about your business. Cable finance skills because they say that the finance is easy. You can learn it at work. But it is important if you have the Sofaer skills are not wow. Even
for PhD program. Uh My professor asked me about my Sofaer skills before my final skills. Yeah because they really appreciated we have the uh some students from engineering background they have these little finance background information but
they
they are
the super in programming
cutting stuff. That's why. Yeah. That's great addition to the program. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Not much that's the north part of the United States. That's account today electoral get yeah not hot but warm weather but being there. Where how about your place?
How about the winter is this car?
I got shocked when I come in United States because in my country the winter temperature is zero cell C. Or positive one cell ceo to self in far ahead. I am not sure what is the alternative but I'm not much cult. We rarely see their um Snell maybe one day or today. But here in Iowa oh my gosh winter it was very cold. And even in october I said, oh my gosh, I need cold. I need scar people. It's not much cold. Right? Yes. Well here's a very call
more. I yeah.
Very much
So okay.
But by the way I'm always asking from the people, um, to um, we have the, uh, anything in mind related to the national american foods. I would like to try something local and national. When I asked from the people, they said go to the ICO and eat burger or something, I said no, I would like to eat something like the related to the America.
I would like to try something which is uh special here. I don't know. I don't care which part of us but like there's something special to the United States.
Okay.
I also have this one in my country. Yeah.
So many places aren't there? That's it.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I'm hearing okay. Yeah that was for a bit
it's
no mm
it shows you perfect Norris. Yeah. Yeah.
No
no that's good memories. Mhm. Yes. Uh huh. I think it went to five minutes past five.
of the great conversation. Thank you very much.
Yeah the same for me. Thank you have a good one
with my back.