Who?
Hello? What? I
you can't hear me okay.
can you hear me? Yeah
Well
how are you?
I'm good Mhm. You
ever done that before?
Working uh I got a little shop the woodwork and old cars Mhm
Oh
have you ever done this before?
Me too. I
don't know what cameras even set up. Right
do you?
I'm having trouble hearing me
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.
Uh huh. Uh Yeah. Oh
Okay I hear you now. Okay.
What? Hi Greg.
Uh Yes ma'am I don't even uh Alabama on a on a mountain skyline mountain it's a part of the cultural and plateaus, it's in the southeastern United States.
Mhm. It uh what is the weather?
Oh yeah it's uh it's not real bad in this part of the United States but uh a little further north out west it's bad. Uh But around here I think maybe two people had it, there's not how about there's by their
is it uh doing good girls it bad or?
Right.
Okay.
how how long have you been on prolific?
Yeah, I like it. It's uh right this first time out, do anything my fifth on it. So I could, I thought it was one of those where they it was kind of confused you. I didn't think I really talked to him. Mhm
just yeah, I played some I'm I'm not real good at it. Huh,
I like checkers.
Oh I agree, these
are
and
the playing tournaments or the Mhm. Mhm.
have tried that. There's been
What?
Mhm.
You can be win a lot,
yeah, try it out on the
Um I used to work in a cabinet shop, we built house cabinets, but uh now I just did a little bit on the side, just little knickknack shelf, things like that. Yeah, I got a small shop work.
Oh yeah. Would burden with a little uh uh like a little wood uh wood burning iron. Yeah, it's uh it's not too bad, it's kind of like drawing which had pushed kind of hard, you know? But uh I started some like stunts were cut a tree, you know, a car, like a hawk or uh I all into it, you know, stuff like that and I use a lot of that the wood burning on them to make its feathers and things like that and
yeah, I've got I'm working on a hawk right now tree I cut down, it's about standing up about seven ft tall and then the whole case about a foot tall. A free crew.
Yeah there's a sawmill close to where I live and he'll have saw it up for you or there's like a home depot you can buy it's I live up on this mountain and it's like About 20 minutes to close this you know town where they have like we pulled wal mart out here, there's Just one little grocery store, a dollar store, dollar general. Mhm. What kind of a reclusive promised? It's
Mhm.
No.
yeah
that
oh that's weird,
that's really good
rest those fuels
doing his help but really do it.
I'm sure.
But how long have you been going to college to the university? How long have you been there?
bad.
I worked I'm uh I work at a machine shop right now. uh I've been in about 10 years now. I don't construction work and cabinet work right out of high school. I've done I went to college for two years on yeah back then it was computer technician but nowadays it's Uh huh trying to take some online courses and uh it's hard to get time to do all that. They one day I'm not there finish up my uh certificate to be a technician you know and uh it's another year you know the kite but I'm gonna do it one day maybe mm.
yeah
it's better to get in a lot you know some kind of web development code and something like that. All right nowadays computers are almost disposable. You know what? They Nobody hardly get some fixed. They stole them one x one you know? Yeah.
Have you tried to like path on any of that? You look like that? Mm.
I'm sure
I
I started the python some and I just uh I don't have time right now but I like it though. It seems like it's uh my should be pretty easy learning is it pretty easy for you?
there they have you ever like job or uh anything like that? You study those?
humble.
One
of the time. Mhm
it yeah. Yeah. Probably make though is easier to learn than you think. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah.
You
get a beautiful
view
taking people.
Yeah.
Who is hot here her is outside anyway. Is it hot where you live? Mhm.
Yeah it's hot and almost every afternoon and a thunderstorm comes through.
Yeah it snows don't snow a lot here but usually get maybe one sometimes too you know these snows One year the biggest snow everyone was it was 19". I mean that's hot much for some places but for here is a lot. Mhm.
It
lasts about four months here of cold weather but like it's not real bad it's it's a it's humid here. It's a different kind of cold and I was in michigan uh It was like a a dry cold. It's just different it's
Mhm. It's human here all the time because not far from the gulf of Mexico you know it's I guess that's what keeps a weatherman Yeah.
Order.
Mhm. Uh You ever tried to fried green tomatoes? Sure.
yep. Um Yeah. Okay. Growing up it was it was bad around here, you know, everybody was poor and uh we grew up on like squash and potatoes and green tomatoes all pride together, you know with corn bread. But it's really good. You should try that one time. Um uh Vincent. Dear me. He really tried it. Uh
um
You have to pay for. Mhm. Oh I have watched baseball this year. I've seen a I guess because of the virus they nobody's at the games they play but nobody's there about training. That's I don't know how long I guess. No sports are playing. I don't think. I know my nephews, they usually play basketball and baseball. They didn't play nothing this year. But they're going to open schools back here, I guess. Are they there, too? Yeah. Mhm.
Did you uh Yeah. Can you hear me
I think I got my camera wrong. Um
I'm listening at this screen.
Okay. Am I looking at you?
I was wondering if I got a screen up here and
what I'm looking at there? I'm looking up.
Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh, you have. It was 25 minutes. Well, that was fast. Uh huh.
And uh and then it was nice to meet you.
Okay? You do.