Hi.
I'll fix it better. Yeah. Evening out. Uh
huh.
Had
nice to meet you. My name is Stacy.
I mean Kentucky. Where are you from?
Really? It's cold out there.
No,
it's
hot,
it's between cold and hot here. It's hot one day and it will be cold the next dr
uh Not we're not that but it is pretty, I can give him that
outside
to see the year
I live in Louisville where
the rides
and all that's going on right now.
This guy is big, this got his potential and a lot of good people. I haven't
seen it
since I've been here.
no,
I live I was born in Maryland and then I lived there until I was like a teenager and then I came to Kentucky and I've been stuck ever since. But now not Louisville though, I've only been in Louisville for like Maybe eight months and like that.
I've been in Kentucky since I was, let's see 16 and I'm 38. So it kind
Baltimore.
That's why we're here. This
is how I like it now.
Well boys.
Well, right now it is without the riots and stuff going on.
Yeah. Over that Brianna taylor. They let that cop go and all that. They, I mean, they robbed stores, They shot cops. They just, and that's all with the covid stuff going on too. So I believe the house
period.
I go to work. That's
it.
they were. Well, they were here because it was happening here. It goes on. Like when they had their rise and stuff. It's like right around the corner from where we are, like two minutes, right around the corner. So we live in a
rough
part of town.
The law.
It's, they had to board up the dollar tree. The dollar general. Uh, just about every store. I mean they went in and just ramps acting not whatever they want. I've been handled at the gas station before corner like in between the circular guys telling me I had to stay and trying to grab on me and just it's terrible. That's why I don't go out anymore. It kind of just spooked me.
No I didn't think it was that bad but I can't like stop at the store and get cigarettes or gas or anything without somebody just bumming money or trying to just grab them here. And I just, it scares me. I got a bad pass with issues so I don't need to be grabbed on or it just reminds me of all that. It's just it's terrible.
and we can't go
out anywhere. So it's
pretty rough which were sent to employees. We got lucky that way. So
that
were considered a same tool. I work for ups and he works for a hat back. He built handbags, Agnes innings for businesses and offices and trump's got his whole army up where I'm at. We're doing all the transportation of the covid material and it's a light.
I loved airplanes and my package handler.
I would even go to work
and
come
back home. That's all it.
Yeah it's all airplanes
do cargo of course but it's heavy.
I live
like three times my body weight every night. It's hard,
It's terrible. My race is terrible and then tore my rotor Brown lost like £50.. I looked like a walking skeleton. It's terrible.
Yeah. I only weigh like £95 now back
when they start hurting. Yeah when my back next up I have to put a heating pad on and then the back brace over it or I can't get up yet.
Yeah I'm only 38-76.
I've only been there uh I'm in my ninth month right now. So I've done tore my rotator cuff my back when my back's been messed up since I had kids but not like it is male and my robert cups caused me to have severe tendonitis in my elbow. So now I have to wear race on my elbow.
So
yeah, we go wide open from the time we get there to the time we leave we get 1 10 minute break. This
is it
Yeah. Yeah that's what I call it. We have we're expected to unload the can every 10 minutes and there's like Vukasin back. This is definitely whether
it's
abby.
Oh yeah you get top of line after nine months you have to make the nine months. I'm almost there. I get it next month. So.
No I like Maryland when I study you.
Uh I stayed home for a little bit, I've done a lot of factory work. Um I did nine years in daycare as a teacher. Like there's a classroom teacher but just made me factory work and things like that.
Yes I have three. I've got my son, my son lives with me, my two daughters live with their dad's mom, She's 18
and I have a 14 year old, they didn't want to move up here, it was like nope not have him, they had their friends in school and I didn't want to move because I lived in west Virginia before. I didn't hear they weren't even on that. So they live with their dad mom and go to school and she's liking what am I gonna do? And I like to think that I think that and of course your sister wanted to stay with her Thailand it's just for me but they love it. So as long as they're happy, I'm okay and I see him every weekend there just an hour and a half away. So.
Either we we used to go into midnight and leave it like 3:40'clock Because they don't give you longer ships because it will kill you. But now we've been going in at 950 and lay them at 4.30. So we're gonna actually two hours, we're hitting peak season. I don't know if that's gonna be the end of my job or not because my husband has to leave for work at pot in the morning. So I have to be home By 5:00 AM. And here lately I've had to either sneak out that when they send me somewhere else to where you can just go home and to meet him or I'm cutting it real close flying 90 mph home, have to sleep. But then I did do a lot of work at home online to make extra money so I only sleep about three hours a day on top of it.
We
either smith, I do it it's just hard. I haven't slept yet, I've been off since 5:30 this morning and said
at eastern,
Yep It's 1008
I try and then I got people charging me extra money. I had, We took everybody at the rallies last night and they charged me $60 instead of 20 because
I started
the order online but I didn't send it through to pick up and then I just went up there. We just drove up there because it was gonna be twice as much ordering it on the phone. They charged me for that anyway. So they took all my extra money so I've had to stay Obama on and doing like user tests and whatever I can to make up for. It's every day.
I
do most of my work for line routes
or
happen. I do a lot of time projects for happen. But line bridges where a lot of my money plays. They're good. People
thank
you for
your like
crazy project, but
they're fun.
I
like,
Like I just had to nine too long ago I spoke 75 Japanese phrases burn in english to japanese. It was like half and half they trying to teach them A I by well I didn't even supposed to be talking about.
but And I mean it pays $75 so
yeah and I'm supposed to start working for him for four hours a day doing task. So they're giving me a legit job and moving out. Yeah.
I don't know if I can do it or not but right now it's just right now I'm kind of bored because they they're trying to get me into the tool that they use and that they're having a real hard time. So they've been trying all week take me to work. So I've been sitting
around like uh
I
have
I don't know I don't get I'm not I don't get it all that I'm I'm not I don't know where you stand so I don't know I'm not a truck
like
her at
all.
But
uh I know they like blue basketball contract small kids. I know my husband does. I know he's a trump lover were battling with that. I like trump since before he got president. Don't like his attitude. I don't like the fact he's so rich but won't guys here that yellow out of it. It's just his whole attitude and anger problem in the way he talks to people and deals with things I don't like as president, I don't really keep up with that stuff and I don't see a whole big of it changed. The economy has gotten a little better. Well until this happened, his
attitude is just and I like that type of deal. I just don't and I didn't like
him.
and he's asked
me,
he does a lot of stuff in the past. There ain't and then joe biden, I don't know nothing about him. I'm registered to vote. Matter of fact they were sending me my ballot thing in the mail. So and it's coming today. I don't know how I'm going to vote. I don't see me voting for either one of them. So I don't know nothing about joe biden. My husband caused him a child last year. So I
don't know. He said him and Hillary hadn't been social ring going with all them kids. Remember how they all got popped for that child molestation ring or something. That one government official.
some
I
think, I mean I seen something like that and Hillary and all of them were connected to him somehow. I don't know. But I knew I did the stupidest everybody calls online for a while and I got to learn a bunch about all of their all but they're all crooked. They're good
out based their their bad outweighs are good by far all of them.
We
need
is what we need to go in there and fix it up as usual.
And
I
money's power in my opinion. I just that's they. I mean he has all the money in the world and he's not done nothing to appeal for me whatsoever. His attitude is just
I don't
like that.
He needs to quit stopping the stimulus. I need the car. We used all there is to pay our bills ahead and we let some bills go. Thinking my husband's texture was coming. They're still holding his still processing has been processing for five months. He hasn't got his texas yet. So
that's
what was
getting my car. So I don't
have a car. We're sharing one and I'm fixing the standard, losing my job for it. So
He says
he's not he says I'm making it all up. I don't know what I'm hearing on the news. He will defend him. Him and my mama both. They get I can't even talk to her about it. She gets like legit man she will protect trump. I'm like yeah I
called him all
the f word idiots one day and she went sweet nuts.
Somebody watch my mouth
and I need to grow up and know who adults are black. I'm
not saying
that bad anymore.
Your sound went
out I think
oh I thought you sound went out and it looked like you were talking and your lips were moving in the club. You had said something I thought you're sounding
went
out.
I
don't
know if it's mine now my internet was messing up yesterday so it might be my computer.
Absolutely not. I'm
off
tonight and tomorrow I will be working at home. Wide open up. I sit in this big old chair and work on my desktop and my laptop and two phones. I do the work on the projects for line bridge or I'll do the side stuff for napping or just do user test. Um Full surveys. Much other than prolific.
I love
collecting
because
I
mean they're so sort I don't have to take long drawn out and you get approved problem, you're not taking one for an hour then getting kicked out and saying you're not and that drives
me nuts. I get so mad when it happens. Survey Junk is another good one. But you got to have 500 and they do kick you out a lot so it takes a minute.
I started
doing the surveys and crawling up to light it all by myself. Nobody helped me, nobody none of that. I just I joined like up work and one door opened another. Now I'm into this whole secret society. It's insane. It's like a whole another ozone there's different worlds of facebook and apple and twitter. There's backdoors of all that stuff.
I'm
they
got
they just
weren't
task are calling task. That's where my jobs are.
We
just
we I mean there's people that decide what played on facebook what's lying on twitter whether it's offensive or not whether you know it just um it's about your really sure about that. I'm on contract not
10
They're they're all over the country line bridge has 53 different countries they run in.
I
have never seen anything. I mean just few sexual things maybe. But other than that. No I'm not saying anything
terrible.
I
don't
know nothing about dad now.
I know
that
if Arab
has
any things like that we don't have to read it. We skip it though.
Thank you.
I've
never
had anything like that.
Uh huh. I just I did the job I had that I had to let go to do these other two jobs for him. I loved it. It was different every time I got on there and you
get
paid for the city, you'll get in there and just listen to little clips and say whether they sound right or not or you'll do these tasks. Can choose if the receipt matches where the guy is standing. They pay $11 now reduce stuff like that or just to do the writing. Now the writing for happen is extensive, takes a lot of tense. It's hard and I've been doing this for six months and I stepped out of their chest wide open. So thank God
line
breeds
but now line bridge pays $11 an hour to do there. That's a lot of money. And I didn't catch that. at first. I kind of just did it here and there. I was only doing like eight hours a month Until I found out I did it. They had a contest. If you got over a certain amount, you got an extra $50 that week. So I went wide open and made myself sit down and do it every day And I got me a $2 or $300 check and I was like, Whoa, wait a minute. The money
is over
here.
I need to quit doing this over
here.
I'm at ups for the benefits. That's my future.
I mean, I'm, my goal is to keep crawling up where I'm at because I've come a long way in six months here by myself and make it either my own business or enough where I don't need anymore. You don't leave the house. I want to quit. Yes, I had my way. I'd already been done. But now my husband, he needs teeth. My bottom dangers need fixed. It should be. So I lost my kids because I was in my kids when I got pregnant, they suck the blood out of me. There was no blood. Get devotees like little vampires, but every time every pregnancy it got worse. So
yeah, they took there was no blood getting to my teeth at all. So they started dying from the inside out
and
they
had
like
little acid
pack so they had to take them all out
and
now but
I've lost all that weight. They're too big. My top ones, they say you pretty much okay. Now my by the ones they felt that all the time and I have to use so much fluids, insane.
Oh it is, it puts, you know those little bumps, it's on the inside of your mouth. If they rub around those swell up and they get extremely sold on me, it's miserable, hated.
Well
I don't wear them usually. I can't, I can wear my top ones I do to work and that's it. Now we're in the house, I'll just wear my chaplains or if I'm going out, if I go nowhere, I just know. But now my mouth insensitive began where I've been wearing my teeth that I can't really eat a whole lot without it. I used to be able to eat chips and everything. I conquered everything but peanuts. I couldn't eat peanuts not to break them down, but I just couldn't get them down and that's where I get to follow them. My husband's got a whole new world coming when he gets his he has none at all. Right now. He's been without teeth for a while. It
wasn't
for the woman I adopted as my mom. I wouldn't have money. They paid for mine for my birthday couple of years ago
then. Yeah.
Just older age, I guess bad habits from our past and that would be my own. I guess. They kind of just went from light to fine. I was going
to just
dress
and
it's because he always burst his teeth and use mental floss. So I would say it was the bad habits we had in the past and just stress because we've had a very, we've struggled. We've come from bad stories and we come together and it's just weird on rocky road right now. Just us
in general.
He's not much. How do I say I go get her as I am, he don't do much doc there. He goes right from his home in business sleep that's it. And I'm pulling all the extra and that causes problems
you
know.
Yeah hey I deal with it alone so and I have to stay up now when I get getting home because my son doesn't like to attend school and I'm like he's supposed to,
He's supposed
to go to school from 9-4. He had me under the impression he went for for an hour or a half hour every day. So he had not been going and had been delinquent every single day this school started and I found out all at once So
he know they do the N. T. I. Online on the computer but
while I was
sleeping
when I got
home he wasn't doing that. He was playing the Xbox. So.
Perfect.
Well I took all of these electronics. They're all money so he has none anymore. I took his switch, his Xbox, all of it. So he has no choice but to go and do it because he spent money off my car and a couple of times without permission on the Xbox as well. Uh which is line, that's the biggest thing I don't like is lying because no matter what I will. No, I I'm not raising a liar, I'm not raising what I consider it stealing for me. And then 20 Dixie. They're nice. And then after he got caught, he did it again. He missed him more cause it's so I just wiped everything out and now he needs to clean. I said, here you go clean this, you do that. And he's not liking it at all. But well, see I don't see no change of it better either. So until then you don't get the game that that's the issue is that game where he's gotten used to sitting at home. That's become his whole world.
It's
sad. You're really
yeah and it just you should hear his message. I get from him or anybody if I screw up it's just but when they went they know where to come. I love him then. Yeah what am I gonna do? Yeah
he's 11 so he just turned 11. But it is just like I just got on board with his teachers and that is scheduled that all the codes um they're gonna let him see a doctor because he doesn't show much emotion about anything. So we're going to check that out and see what's there to see if that's a problem. He is A. D. H. D. But I don't think so. I think he may have bipolar like I do. So I think that maybe the issue because I used to be that way when I was young, I didn't have a whole lot of emotion about anything and he doesn't show any whatsoever, so,
for simple
structures.
better likes
you
do, it was nice talking to you.
Thank you. You have a great day,