Mhm. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, Sure. Yeah. Mhm. No. Right.
What?
Hi,
how do they,
what's your name?
Prerna?
Prerna?
Thank you.
I've done
studies
but never anything that's like video recorded.
People,
No.
Yeah, I think so,
Capital?
No, So I'm actually in college
so I go to u
c santa barbara, so I live in the santa Barbara area.
Here,
do you not have online classes?
I've had some of my classes try and incorporate like group discussions or group projects that we still have to kind of talk to people, but I've kind of made out of the same issue. I still take classes and I do online classes, but it's so hard to stay motivated, so.
Yeah. What major are even,
Are you,
what
year are
you in? What
were you thinking?
No, But yeah.
Yeah, I know, That's cool, much.
How's that going? It must be extra difficult kind of with the current climate,
That's really cool.
Don't know.
I'm just taking
classes,
my
parents
kind
of want me to just kind of focus on school, so until I get my degree I'm just going to kind of just do classes. Um and then my
plan to
get a job
after
just take gap
here and
then go to grad
school,
but that's
later
on, so
Pope.
sounds
scary hard. My parents have kind of, they let me stay until I moved out to go to college um and then I just keep going back every time for holidays
and
stuff
so I'm not in the same situation as you, but that sounds so hard.
I
have
of friends
who didn't who ended up taking a year off or went to community college or something and they were like, oh, that was like the perfect solution for me because I couldn't just make that jump before your university. So it's such a culture change honestly.
Yeah. You're kind of told if you don't go to like a four year university straight out of
cult,
let's say you have a
high
school, you're not going to amount to anything,
which I think is so false and not the right way to go about telling kids how to live their lives, you know
at
all.
Yeah, it's just a huge cash grab. All
The school that I go to is kind of known to be a party school and we've I've seen posts like on facebook and stuff of people coming in from like Harvard or like literally out of the state just to come and party in this pandemic, which makes zero sense to me.
But
some
of the housing uh companies are like, oh yeah, we have places that are fully, fully Harvard students, you should come on and like at least with us, which I think is just super messed up.
And like kind of like what your school, my school isn't really doing anything. They say, oh, we're just be really careful and report stuff, but like the cops will drive by and not care will just like see parties going on, nothing happens. The school doesn't do anything. So kind of sucks.
I
don't
think we have
a hybrid system for fall, but we might do it for, because we have a quarter system, so we have fall winter, spring and fall. We didn't do anything but winter, we might have a hybrid system from some of the really small lab classes, but definitely any of the classes diamond are not going to be hybrid.
And that's another thing is the school doesn't really tell us what's happening. They're just like, oh, we're in the planning stages, but we're already halfway through the quarter and so I feel like by now we should have some information about how the future quarters going to go, but they haven't told us anything.
I
feel
like you can have your shit together at this point, you know?
Yeah, we just kind of get sporadic emails, just kind of reminding us that they're doing something but not really telling us what that something is.
And
like
some
of my some of the professors that I have are also really confused because they're not getting all the information, so it seems like it's really just the administrators were working and doing whatever they're doing.
All right, oddly enough, I used to stay home more, but now that I don't live with anyone that I really know, so I'll go to my boyfriend's place a lot and so that's really the only place that I go to apart from my grocery shopping. But I found that a grocery shop less, I just try and like bulk up on stuff if I can, I'll try and leave the house less and I'll just kind of just be going back between my place in his place.
Yeah, I've lived, there is some ways I've lived off of snacks because I just don't want to go shopping, even though I have like a grocery store really close to my place, I just don't want to leave. Yeah.
Look.
Yeah, I think I've gotten so used to being in my own space and not having to worry about other people seeing me that now, like I'm like, oh, I have to go get dressed and look presentable, I don't want to do that. So.
Yeah, there are definitely some days and I'm like, I just don't get it, but I'm just gonna just go out of my pajamas, but I don't care.
Yeah. I feel like the stores that I go to, they still have the stickers, but nobody really pays attention to them. Like I'll try to try like people try to move around people, but like people go both ways down aisles and it doesn't matter as much and some people just straight up, don't care.
I also live in a pretty liberal area, so I feel like everyone around here wants to wear masks, so they're not really finishing with that.
Yeah. Yeah. Thank God I live in California sometimes I, the cost of living is so high, but the community and like the general how people are just really nice for me personally.
Yeah, it can get really, really expensive, really quick.
Where
in California?
Really? That's where my, that's where my family's had, yeah,
Women.
Yeah, I actually lived in California all my life, I was born in Michigan oddly enough and then I lived there for 11 years and then my family moved to Texas and we stayed there Everything like 4-5 years and we came here into California and then we were in sacramento and now I'm in Santa Barbara for school so I've kind of moved around a lot but California is definitely my favorite places safer, how expensive it is here.
Oh yeah, there's
always
something going on, always places to be sacramento, it feels like it was a little bit different. Earliest area that my parents are at is we're just kind of surrounded by old people and they have to like drive out farther away if you want to do stuff but it's cheaper there so concentrate. Oh.
Yeah I'm
food
person, so having a lot of food places is always super nice.
Yeah, I don't ever
get the right foods and when I cook I certainly don't make good foods but when I go out to eat that's when I like really good.
You're
going
to want something
more refined eventually?
wow, that's really good.
I
feel like I'm usually pretty good about my money, but like the one place I sometimes struggle is getting food outside um but I've been like better about it, I feel like now just because of covid, I want to be really careful,
so it's been kind of
easier to do that.
What?
I don't know if there's an issue on your end, but I can't see you anymore because I'll hear you but
no, I still don't see you
what, a couple of seconds before I told you.
Yes. Syria,
every
time we come up food.
Yeah.
well I'm
vegetarian
so anything pretty
much
anything vegetarian I'm down for um if I had to pick like one cuisine, it would be italian, I've been like
an italian like I love italian food, so much pasta, you
can't be pasta, what's better than pasta? Yeah.
Yeah,
I I feel like my mom has always been really good, she loves cooking and so she'll do food from a lot of different cuisines but I especially love process started getting really really good at that um and now no I don't have her cooking anymore, but I'll learn how to make it eventually.
I'll do
it.
whenever I go back my mom bless her heart will always
like
cook all my favorite foods, make sure they're all ready for me and then to like plan out days what she wants to do and I'm over here like eating ramen every day,
so
I'm
she'll give
me like
enough
to
last
me three
days and
she'll like
cook it all
like
the
day
of and then give
me
more stuff
that she went from grocery shopping and pile
that
come up with
like two
bags
of food.
it's almost trip I have to make.
Yeah. What about you steal like other than pasta?
Room
I've been thinking about doing
like a non vegetarian day where I try me because I've never actually had me and so I'm trying to figure out what foods I want to try because I'm going to do one day. I have to go out what I have to try all the cool things and
I've
been told
like bacon
obviously
is really good
option.
But
I've
also
been thinking about shrimp because
I've heard
so
many
good things
about
trump.
It just
sounds sounds
good.
I've gotten that too. I've
gotten that.
Well
I was also thinking sushi because I love sushi,
but a
during one. So I kind of want to try like the authentic sushi,
but
that's all.
no, I've never seen from what I know about it.
we,
we have, yeah, we have um like
dining commons, but
we
also
have,
I think it's called the Usain, the University Center and they have like
of
like
resources
there,
but also a bunch
of food. So
there's
stuff
kind of scattered
around
in
the
campus,
but
most
of the
food
is actually
in like a little college
off of campus. And so that's what we're about the other food because
they're eating healthy.
That's
crazy.
Mhm.
I, my campus is actually relatively small. I think
we can take
you like
10 minutes maybe to walk from one of the campus to the other. But most people have bikes or skateboards or stuff like that, so, although
there's a lot of roller skaters here too, so
Doesn't,
skateboards are technically banned, but people still use them.
That's
true. Yeah. We
don't really
have any like drivable roads through campus, It's kind of just on the outskirts, so if you want to go there, you have to walk or bike or something.
that's so
wild. Part of me wishes I went to a larger campus, but I also like the really small feel like if I'm rushing somewhere,
I know
I can get there on time usually, but at the same time, like even if it's an artificial force or like I would love to have that on campus.
You know?
I
don't what my boyfriend does, So I kind of know a lot of places. There's not that many here. I think there's a couple on campus, but.
I know.
No, but
Yeah. My
campus
is really, really
flat
actually.
But one
thing
we
do
have
is
we're right on
the ocean.
So we'll have,
you can go down to the beach and you can study on the beach. People will be surfing or swimming, not less
so now, but kind of, we kind of the campuses along the coast and then the the college town is also along the coast. So a lot of people will live there too. So we're kind of surrounded by beaches.
I remember
I told myself
when
I first, so, what was that?
It's kind of like some people like your stereotypical beach beach town college kids, like they'll go surfing all the time, you'll see them with their like surfboards, surfboards on their bikes everywhere, just biking everywhere, and their wetsuits. Remember I told myself when I came, I was like, I'm going to learn how to surf, and then I went surfing once and week of Welcome, and then I haven't tried it again since, so.
actually learned
how
to
skate
forward
so
that I
wouldn't
have to background
because when
I
lived
in
the dorms,
I technically live in an off campus
storm, so it was
like a mile off campus, so I have the bike, but
there were
like
some hard hills and I'm not an athletic person, so I was struggling. So instead what I did is I learned how to skateboard and then um I would take a bus to campus because they have three
buses, and then I just skateboarder on campus.
that's where you don't have and
you can't use
your hands. It's just your feet so.
Yeah. There can be a lot of accidents.
we're over time.
Yeah I think this is good. Do we just close out of this and then continue on with
this?
well
you
too.