Yeah.
Yeah. Uh huh. Hey,
what's up?
Um I'm fine. Just
you know uh Damon D. A. M. O. N. And what's yours?
Yeah. Could you once again
Prayer now this is pretty name. I've never heard anyone with a name like that before.
So have you ever done this before?
I
don't study.
Yeah. Yeah same. Um I did this specific study because they let you repeat this. So I did this one like two days ago. It was pretty chill. I mean I I was confused at first and a little nervous because it's like what? You just want us to sit here and talk for like 25 minutes. But I mean it's it's not a big deal because you typically find stuff to talk about. Andy
I'm in on this study before. I
Okay so we'll just keep talking. It's like 25 minutes I think.
Yeah. 25 minutes. So where do you where do you live? Like what region?
What state California you live in like the big city area?
Take it down.
All
Yeah I'm in um florida and I'm at U. C. F. I. So technically I'm a student but I haven't been going to classes because the whole situation that's been going on and that's that's just put a hole in it and everything is up in the air. My parents want me to go back but people are still getting infected so it's kind of
it's kind of a mess.
Um The thing is I don't think I do well in online classes because it's just I have a really hard time focusing and if there's a computer in front of me and then that's going to be kind of rough because I've done online classes before and I do all right. But I think I do something that most people do is just put it off because with online classes the format is a lot more different and you're not like forced to talk with other people or you're not forced to do anything whenever you're in classes, it's just you have to show up.
Yeah. Everything's just a mess. But hopefully things will get back on track soon and I'd eventually like to go back to school, but I just I just don't know what's up.
I was going into stem probably computer engineering or computer science. I wasn't sure entirely but one of the two because they have a lot of overlap. I had more time to decide like so I could just take a prerequisite surgeon. It
he
was
serious.
think
I withdrew in sophomore year, so like year to maybe like 1.5, I guess.
I probably could have finished with the T. V. Your degree, but um I overwhelmed myself by taking like cam and cam physics And Calculus two and 1 semester. Which
is really which is really bad. And that just that just kind of overwhelmed me so that was like my last semester there and at some point I'll probably be going back but it's still up in the air so I'm kind of just job hunting I guess. I don't really know
mm hmm. Um I recently uh stopped working. I was attempt for the census because that was going on this year. So I worked with the census for a like a couple of months and uh they shut down the operation because that that was over a few weeks ago, maybe a month. I don't know. Time does not exist at the moment. But that was that was pretty nice because that was like my first actual job like like one where I got paid and you get like temporary government if it's and the pay was decent too.
Yeah, you got to pick your own hours. The only issue is people don't like it whenever you knock on their doors and bother them about, you know, filling out the census. But
it was all right because most, most people were fine. It's just interacting with people. That's the nerve wracking part. You got to drive around. I got to decide my own hours, which is also pretty cool. So definitely nice for her first job. What are you doing right now? You're still going to school? Yeah,
I'm just
taking a class
on
my
grandfather.
I
believe
this cough
after
speaking
afghans
from the
high school.
That's
later
on. Yeah, I was intending to get a four year and then uh that kind of just stopped, but eventually I'll get back to it. It's tough because um I started college like immediately I moved out when I was 18. Like my parents,
they didn't kick me out, but they like they helped me move out of town, so I I used to live up in near Jacksonville, which is like uh Northeast florida and I moved down to Orlando and like which is like central florida, so it's like a to three hour drive, and I was just on my own, which was a little messed up, but I mean they were still paying for my classes and paying for rent and stuff, so why was entirely on my own? It got rough, like trying to take care of myself that
doesn't.
he's a
good
man.
Oh yeah, did you start college like immediately after high school? Yeah, I figured that's what everyone does and it it's probably I keep telling myself that it wasn't, it was a bad idea because like I felt like I wasn't ready at all. Maybe I should have taken a gap year, but I felt like I was saying, I feel like I was setting myself up for failure, but maybe I'll get back into it. That's
what
I keep saying
that.
Yeah. And it's like that's what they push you to do, especially in high school, it's a little messed up.
I
got
up
here,
definitely.
I think it's like a corporate thing. They
just
want to get people into school stuff.
it's it's bad just with universities in general because um I think they, I think my university UCF has been doing like the basic minimum to deal with like this whole pandemic. Like people are still getting infected. I'm pretty sure they've been on the news like multiple times because of like parties and stuff and lots of infections is bad. Yeah.
That's
not
great.
Yeah. It feels like people are like capitalizing off of it, which is not great. Hopefully things will get better. Oh
Yeah. And on top in the same vein as like school is not doing anything, they're still like charging the same amount for tuition for classes, right? Which is I feel like that's definitely not the way to go if it's exclusively online. Do they have like a hybrid system? Because that's I've heard that some schools are doing that.
I
don't
think
just exclusively online. I think that's better definitely. I don't know if that's what you CF has been doing, but with the amount of infections, I can't say that it's probably something that's at the front of what they've been doing. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, everything's still like being worked on or being planned whenever this pandemic started at the beginning of the year and the year is almost about to end because it's november already,
it's
crazy.
that they don't or it's it's always up in the air that they're always, I feel like that's just like a blanket statement just like appease the people who are worried about it, but they're not actually working on anything or they're rolling it out very slowly, which is definitely not the way to go.
Yeah. It's also vague. 2020
just
in
jail.
What a mess. I haven't been going out that much because of this pandemic but um I guess actually the situation hasn't really changed at all, it's just I'm a lot more careful whenever I go out and that's just for the essentials, like I need to go shopping or something, which I do, like I like space that out. I don't know if that's changed for you, if he used to go out all the time or not.
Yeah. Yeah, I do that too with the shopping, just stock up and then try and space it out, so I don't also because I'm lazy because I don't want to shop for more than once in like a week, so I'll stock up for like two or three weeks worth of stuff and then like near the end of the week it becomes a game of me trying to scavenge whatever I have in my room until I've decided to go out and shop again.
same, it's like I have a walmart like five minutes down the road, it's it's not a big deal, it's just going
out is the issue just so at least.
Yeah. Uh For me, I kind of just like stopped caring about what I look like. I guess it's like I'm going shopping, everyone's going shopping, I just slap on the mask and I've got my pajama pants on or whatever.
Yeah. Yeah. Um the stores, like the supermarkets have all like try to like reopening back up again. I remember when walmart used to have these like, aisles and stickers on the ground to like remind you of social distancing or go only this way down the aisle, but now they removed at all, because everything's everything is trying to go back to normal when I feel like it shouldn't. Which sucks.
Yeah, it's bad at the very least. I don't think I've ever seen anybody without a mask and uh in the stories that I'm in, but uh I think it's been it's been all right, just because I try I try and get in and get out, so I don't see that many people. Mhm.
That's good. At least I can't say the same for florida. Unfortunately,
I feel like I wouldn't say that's worth it, but that's definitely a big plus, because cost of living is a lot,
luckily my parents are footing the bill for like rent and stuff for me where I live, so it's not that much, but Orlando is still kind of city ish, there's not like high rise buildings or anything, but uh I think it's still pretty high, definitely not as high as California, though, I used to be a I was born in California actually, I didn't live there long, but I did, I was born there
and
um I don't remember, I think it was uh it might be sacramento, but
that was, I'm 20 right now, so that was in 2000 and then I lived there for like 3-4 years I think before uh my parents moved to florida, so I don't remember much about it, I just remember like my grandma's house and sons and stuff and that's where I lived, but I was pretty much just raised in florida, so I don't remember much about it, but it would be nice to go back there
and like visit maybe family or something.
Yeah. Yeah, it sounds like there's a lot to do there, or at least from what I've seen and from
little
and plugs.
Mhm. In Orlando, when I moved from from Jacksonville, or like the area near Jacksonville, like Middelburg, which is like kind of the sticks, but uh I moved from there to Orlando and it's like, it was a pretty big change because there was there were a lot more buildings and things to do and it was a little overwhelming, but I think the pluses, there's, there's a lot of different, like, food you can try, there's a lot different restaurants, which is not something that you had before.
I'm a
big
Even though I like garbage, I still enjoy like, nice food,
but
Yeah. Yeah, even though it's expensive, it's like, that's that's where you want to start splurging, that's where that's where you want to spend the money, because, like, I'm here eating ham sandwiches and mac and cheese and Robin, like
an actual
college
student.
Yeah, as a palate cleanser for everything else. I don't actually, I don't think I've eaten out recently because of the whole situation, but oh, actually, um I did order from this one Indian place because Uber Uber eats was doing like some kind of promotion where they were covering like Almost everything, so I had like $6 for $20 worth of food, which is pretty nice,
I don't think they're doing that anymore, but um hopefully I can take advantage of something like that again, but otherwise I don't really eat out because I'm trying to be conscious about spending money because I don't
have a job.
that's
funny.
Mhm. Um like, pretty much as a kid, I don't think I had an allowance for anything and I didn't have a job until literally just a few months ago, so I was extremely conscious about money and uh near whenever I first moved in, I equated the price of everything. Two chicken sandwiches at Mcdonald's because it's like, oh, it's worth this many. I can, I can let's stretch this out for three days or whatever. So it's a little funny thing that I tried
to do.
let me see if I can turn it off and on. So I yeah, okay. She took a caption mhm Is opening up again? Did that do anything?
When did, when did it drop off or quit?
Maybe, maybe I'll refresh really quick. Give me a second. Okay,
there you go. Okay, well that's good. No hiccups. Minor hiccup. same in 19
minutes
food. Okay. That
would be like, I'm the one
that
so
think of
anything.
Italians
I'm
actually because I really like pasta, that was like, those were like the favorite things my mom like that. It was always pasta was like alfredo were like meatballs or something. Yeah.
Mhm
yeah, same. I miss a lot of this stuff my mom used to make because I'm like moved out so I'm subsisting off of college food instead of home cooked meals from, from,
from,
from an old asian mom. Yeah. Mhm
Thank
you.
I'm
glad that's actually not like that's, that's not just the thing that my mom does, she will stock up
on food and just before I head out she will give me like so many like tupperware containers like, oh this is this, make sure you freeze this, make sure you eat this with this in the fridge.
You feel
like you're
not going
to
want to see
these days,
but
it
looks
like
the
day bug
get
more
summit.
Don't
let
want
to
bet.
Yeah, Every every time I visit I'm always expecting to bring back food. So if I have like, if I need to go shopping, I align it with the visits so so I can maximize the food that I get or the maximize the amount of food that I can stretch out. Mhm.
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah,
let's say, I think I really like seafood, which I know that's mostly like meat, but I really like fish, mussels, clams, shrimp especially because um I guess that's just something that's an asian cuisine a lot. But my parents used to go shrimp in a lot with family. So
we would, we would drive up to like a lock or something, which is like a two hour drive to like a dock at my that another family member owned. And it would just be, that would just be like a big gathering for everybody. The adults would go shrimp ng and the kids would like stay inside and play video games or something or sleepover. It's a nice little event. So that, that has me uh nostalgic a little bit for shrimp because oh and also a little sick of it at the time, but now I miss it when I was a kid, I was sick of it because it would be shrimp like every day and like every night and it would just be for everything, it was mostly fried shrimp I think. But that was nice
bullshit.
and
they
look like
they get home
and
I
mean
they're
also
been
hurt.
So
what
did
they
do
it
yourself?
I
think bacon is overrated, in my opinion. It
has,
it has it. I know, I know it's like you can meme on it and say it's like, oh, it's the food of the gods or whatever, but I mean, yeah, sure I'll have bacon, but it's, it's fine, That's fine seafood though. That would be something to look into. Like, maybe like a salmon fillet or something. Short shrimp, shrimp
cocktail, right, shrimp, something like that.
I also
love sushi.
Something
likes to see me. I haven't,
I don't know if I've had like the like fresh fresh sushi. I've gotten like box sushi places like publix, I don't think that's is that is that like a supermarket? That's everywhere.
Yeah. So they have like the box sushi and you see if actually has sushi for some reason, they also sort of box sushi and like in the Student Union, it's so weird. Like it's like a it's like a supermarket in there because there's so many restaurants and stuff. I don't know if all campuses
are like that.
exciting.
But
we
also
have
number matches
what
the
results are
awful.
Hundreds.
So
there's
sometimes
getting
around it
and
you
can't miss
the
most
of
these.
I think like
color spot. Right?
I
I think you see it has something like that too, but the inside is also huge. There's like a three story building or something. It's kind of like, like the inside of a mall, but
it's
called this incident unit. I think I think you cF is actually like the second biggest campus in the U. S. You see a
largest uh university campus. But it was huge. And coming there for the first time was very overwhelming because you can get you can get lost. It's it's it's like it's like a theme park honestly because there's buildings for every area and you walk a lot, especially if you have like classes that are in different areas. Let's
thank
you.
What?
I
think that happens with us too. We also get people like on on their own, like we're devices like powered skateboards and stuff. I wish I could
do something like that. Our people.
Yeah, a lot of people on bikes too, but I would like to bring like a scooter or something, but because I drive my car, I guess I could stick it in the trunk but it's a little unwieldy.
That's
What
happening?
Yeah, I think they're they're like main roads, it's all like centered around a big area but the campus is just huge. There's like a lake and there's like a miniature forests and stuff that leads to the center. Yeah, it's crazy. I think it's all artificial but it's it's absurd and they're like expanding still
someone
but I
don't
It's very it's very nice. I don't spend a lot of time there. But the thing with a huge campuses just like you go around and there's just like a place to sit everywhere. Um like you walk out of the student union and there's like there's like a little deck and it's like in the miniature forest, it's like a swampy
area, marshland or something, there's like dex and there's awnings and just there's just everywhere to sit and then there's fountains and stuff, it's just too much. There's also a lot of pokey stops. I don't know if you play Pokemon go or if you've heard about
it, but
I don't anymore, but that used to be like my big thing and that was probably like my only source of exercise where I would walk around like from Point A to Point B. Because it was it was a decent walk going like everywhere because it's such a huge campus. But um it was nice. Uh the small campuses also are probably nice because, you know, you don't have to run everywhere, but
um I don't know, they're both nice. I also actually I go to another college. Valencia College is like a community college and it's a lot smaller, it's still pretty big because you have to walk like from end to end, and one time I had a class that was from one end of the campus to the other and it was like a 15 minute walk. But yeah, but
there's there's still a stark difference between uh you cf for it feels it feels like a park because there's people sitting on hills, like they're doing their own thing. Yeah,
I'm like,
I'm just
really
supplies
that, but
one
thing
we
do
have
everybody
on
and so
on.
something.
That's kind of crazy to think about, just like a call
of like
town
college.
That's kind of crazy to think about just like a beach town college. Yeah.
I feel like that would be the case for me with what is it like roller roll that roller blading or something around like uh campus because I've always wanted to roller skate or something, but you gotta put the shoes on and then you got to actually learn, I
don't
have
to
pay for
it.
But
I
have
like
I
look
at
the
door like
it's
like
there
was
like
skateboard
was also on my list of maybe things that I would want to do to get around campus. But also I'm a little scared of skateboards. I can write a bike just fine. But just something about it. Like just, just
insult
me.
Especially because you know, it's a highly populated campus. I don't want to bump into anybody and then make a big scare. Yeah.
Mhm. Oh, it looks like we are Over
25 minutes. So we are safely over 25 minutes. So we've I think we've got this in the bag. Unless you wanna talk about anything else. But I think we're good. Are we?
So
do you do you have the survey open? You still have the survey open from when you pull up the length, then you can go through that. It's like a like 15 minutes 1520 minutes where they ask a bunch of questions about how you were feeling or whatever. So we can go to go
through that. So it was nice talking to you.
You