Mhm. Hi, how are you? Oh
I can hear you no,
yes I can
hear
you.
Can
you hear me
now?
it.
can hear you
Will
be a little
glitchy shot.
Mhm.
Show me
to
face
me, you chip.
I think
I've only done this like one time
before.
What about you?
Yeah
I'm in Chicago. What about you? Sorry? I don't know who it caught that. I'm in Chicago. What about you?
nice. I must be great weather.
that's
crazy.
You
know what? I'm gonna log out and then log back in. Maybe that'll help
Hey, any better? Yeah.
Next. Well
like
you said, you've done this a lot of times. So many technical glitches. I surprise.
Yeah, your audio
is a little bit glitchy.
I don't
know if
I am. Yeah like it kinda
there's a there's a little
bit of
a background noise, I can
hear
you okay.
It's just
like there's
like, I don't know it's like a lag there's like a little bit of a stutter. Yeah
it's fine
we'll
deal
with,
sorry
you were saying how in your area I mean obviously all around call for a lot
of wildfires
have you hope you're like have been
affected
at all?
Whoa.
Great.
convention.
What?
I
mean
obviously
wishing for the best but you know you're right like I feel like um you know like I mean I I hear on the news and I've only been to California a handful of times but you know I have a couple of friends that live out there and it's just crazy how um you know even when you buy a house you have to make sure you have the right insurance like be ready to evacuate, have a plan for your pets, have a plan for your family. You know, it's just it's, I mean it's I guess it's something you have to deal with being there, but I don't know if it gets better. I hope it does.
I've
got
you
one
I
heard
know,
And that
they
spread
and
last for
days and weeks
and it
And I think
that's
huge
like,
you know, effective it after effective and they're all the wildlife and my God, no,
not
We think
it's the snow, like it's just the awful winters. It's like I
used to, I'm from Chicago, like I grew up here, but I lived on the East Coast for a while and I was in my early career and I always thought like, okay, like other than the south, maybe everyone just gets awful wonder, you know, Like, And it's not like that, it's like, you know, I mean, it's like days where it's like there's so much snow on the ground
where like everything shut down and or just like um I mean, I live in a high rise apartment now, but my parents still live
here and like in their house, like an old 100 year old house, like having it being like negative 30 degrees, and like, you can feel it in your bones. Like, it's just like, that's the extent of it. But and I think it's other than that, it's just like the short, like the short
every other season. Like, I feel like we get summer for like a few months, and then then it turns to rain and then it turns us now. But other than that, I mean, I still love it.
I feel
like I
live
in
the city so where I know in the some of the suburbs like it just gets bad with like the wind and like storms and things like that. I think. I don't know why. Maybe it's with the buildings and stuff, it's a little bit
less intense um in the right in the city. Um But yeah, like, I mean, I live like right by the lake too, so we get along like affect things or whatever that means.
I mean,
I was
definitely
not. I don't know. We've never had like a knock knock
on wood.
I never had like a tornado or like earthquake or anything like that. But um I don't know. I don't know what the east coast gets either. I mean, I know. Oh, go ahead. Yeah.
It's
like you
gotta take what you can get. Like I feel like today was one of the this week it's been like 90° here and I know probably for like other parts of the country, 90° is nothing. But then I'm like Oh my God I like wanted to go for a walk and I'm like I can't do that it's like it's so hot. But then of course like in a few months I'll be like oh where's the good weather? Yeah.
about
this time? Okay.
Whatever
your you
still have
family
in ST
Petersburg?
for sure.
Obviously
not
now with travel restrictions but did you before did you travel there a lot or go back every now and again?
Certain
circumstances.
Great.
There
is like
other
restrictions
for a long
time.
lot
of people want
to
travel
this year. That
didn't
happen,
More
stuff
than, yeah,
other places.
What can you do? I hope it gets better try to keep safe. I don't know. There's like, I feel like there's, there's news every few days vaccine.
What, what's the timing? Like? It's crazy. I wonder what will happen. I mean nobody knows the future. Obviously there's a lot of people working hard to do good things. But
so even before,
um, like restrictions on lockdown, I actually worked remotely like full time. I'm like, I'm a strategy director for like a healthcare company. Uh, and uh, so I was like remote full time. We have teams like all over the US. But um, obviously would, would travel like every like to see everyone and have conferences and things like that. Um, so that kind of all went out the window which is fine, like that's fine by uh I'm a little bit of a home body so that's totally fine but right uh My
my
husband
actually um like trapped like traveled frequently for work. Um He's usually he was usually gone like four days a week, three or four days a week like every week. Um So that's kind of and he worked in like an essential business or whatever it was deemed essential. Um So that's been kind of tough so like being able to travel like every like every week now he tries to do every like two weeks or something like that. Um Where so we don't see each other like like a lot well so he
used
to
he
works in Cleveland and I'm in Chicago, so it's dry verbal um Four or five hour drive but he would, you know, driving every week twice a week is like really hard. So yeah he would either fly or drive um and
um kind of switch off but now like he's just something he's just comfortable flying like so he's been driving like the whole time and that's like that's a little bit tough so like yeah so we have uh you know that I've been a bit of a change for us, we kind of have to suck it up and be like okay well I'll see you when I see uh we'll do the right thing. And um he like his parents are still in Cleveland to so he would obviously like check in on them, kind of stay with them so and they're kind of elderly, so just making sure they're they're all good and I make sure my parents are good here and so that's been, I don't know if it's I mean that's kind of probably the change for everyone, but you know, you make you make do you you try to try to make the best of it? What about you, have you been really affected or?
sorry to
hear that.
but yeah,
that's
that's
good.
Absolutely.
same. Like
my parents
like maybe 2030 minutes away from me um and I've seen them a handful of times um like kind of distance like since like, but totally relate like, same thing kind of like trying to check up on each other like remotely like trying to get each other things shipping or whatever, you know, like however you can do without the face time, trying for their good, different
way.
I
think
that's that's
huge
part
of it. Yeah.
Like
I mean, I feel like my like, I used to see my parents probably like once a week before um just to kind of make sure we're good, like, you know everything I'm in my thirties, but like, my my mom still insisted on bringing me like, a home cooked meal like, every week, because she was like, oh, do you have for Yeah, are you sure you
can make proud? I'm like, yeah, but okay, we'll use this as a risk Mississippi, that's fine. Uh But I agree. It's just Oh
I'm
like,
my brother
and I are like, we're first generation americans, but my parents looked like immigrated here. Um and no 100% like, you know, totally like that. And you know what it's like to your point, like, it's the social interaction to it's, you know, it's are you good? Okay? Like you're keeping well and it's kind of like, I'm sure they're fine, I mean they're fine, I'll talk but I think it's been it's been more difficult and I can imagine like people, older people that are like more a little bit more isolated than that. Like tougher. Like, you know, I feel like those social constructs like, you know, it's Yeah,
so
beyond
I mean
in
ways
that
I don't even think are we can imagine right now,
I mean like so many people have been furloughed
obviously in different jobs that weren't deemed um you know essential or whatever that means, you know? And right all
furloughed means is that your company keeps paying for your insurance and your health insurance but not paying you. And then eventually you're saying no we don't need you anymore, we don't have the money. You don't have health insurance either. Like, like do you see like, and it's like to say what are you gonna do? Like, oh
maybe you're going to the doctor before now, Not so much. I'm not going to pay for that out of pocket. I'm going to your point. Like maybe there's, I'm sure people have a slew of other health different things that are impacted by
covid, covid, like, you know, and I just think we're gonna, I mean we've been, you know, in this situation for what, six months like this is going to have like repercussions probably for like a long time and not to say that like it's all bad doom and gloom,
but it's like, you know, that's gonna need other types of thinking and solutions and you know, people out there though.
Thank you.
Another
I
think
that
to
your
point like simplified them. I was like, I can't imagine anyone in whatever like situation they were
in that this helped at all. It made whatever you work whatever state you were just
a little bit worse, so.
that's
smart
back and forth. Yeah,
cannot
born in here. Yeah,
on here. Okay. You can manage jeezy. Yeah.
So
it what
it is what it is
like
you
make
the best
of it just started to hear that. But no, I mean that's really smart too.
Like if
you're able to go, you know what do they call like medical tourism and things like that? It's
crazy
how like
I mean part of my job like works
in health insurance and I see like how much this all this crap actually costs
before insurance and even after it's like it's insane. It's like it's so
crazy like that. It
totally
it
It
It's
crazy
how
like
how much
like dental care, dental insurance whatever however you wanna say it is not considered part of like medical medical care, medical insurance whatever. Um You know even with like like Obamacare and all that and like that like that's totally separate like dental insurance is not considered a part of that, like it's not considered, you know what I say, it's not considered essential but like you know all the nitty gritty of it like that's not part of it like it's something people definitely like.
It's
crazy
what
like is and is not considered it's like even like me I like literally work in the health health insurance, health care industry and like you know you do what you need to do for your job but like when you like step back and think about it, you know like what like what I mean? You have to follow all these like rules and whatever the government like says you have to do, but to your point like you're on Medicare, like Medicaid, things like that, like it doesn't cover these things that are like should be essential, like that's part of your health.
So
I won't get into too many details because I doesn't fall recorded, but so I work for
you
know, who knows where this all goes? But uh so part like most of my job is like uh like I actually work for a health insurance company and a large one of global one. And um
we actually work like to ensure that like all of the rules that like, like literally like Medicare Medicaid,
like
all these things like there's a bunch of rules that like, I don't know the lawmakers somewhere like right, like this should be covered, that shouldn't be covered. And like all these rules. So we work with these other people that say this is exactly what you have to cover. And we figure out what are like the health care needs
of like large populations to say not only do we meet buildings needs, but like how do we make sure like, like people that are like getting these insurance products, like actually benefiting from um you know, the majority of what they need. Like a large population, the US has like diabetes or something like that. Like, not like we don't want you to come in just when you're like, oh my God, I didn't take my medicine. I'm like, you know, have this like awful condition in my diabetes plan. Now. We're like, how do we make sure, right, how do we like prevent that? How do we make sure that like, you're getting all of your like test strips, devices, things that you're actually going to use them in order to actually like have the cost be lower for you as a
user. You're healthy higher and like manage all of that care. So like strategically like all that data. What does that really mean? Like I just can't always explain our job.
Like
what
the biggest
like benefits
are and actually
getting
people
like so there's a different like department that works in the compliance but like actually getting people to like it sounds really stupid but like go to the doctor and get like a diagnosis and get the care that you need. Like a lot of people even when they have insurance, they don't go to the doctor and like no,
no. We're trying
to incentivize
like to say like
like
like
what are
these
things we need to do to
like make
sure that you're like
paying attention to your health and like actually getting like care that you need. Because we've seen like in the data like that helps people like be healthier over time. Like that if you're like if you're you know whatever conditions that you
may
have
as an individual, like if they're better manage and they're like that's going to be like great for long term care and that's going to save you money in the wrong term to like I know people don't want money health care a lot of times like, oh but it's like we want that for you to kind of like if you don't get your caring things, I'm never going to go to the doctor, but then you just end up in the E. R. That's gonna cost you money as like a consumer and that's like we don't want
that for you.
we have.
It
was great
talking
to you.
Well
Same
to you. I hope you're staying very well. I hope your family and your mom we're gonna you know stay well
this uh yeah. Have a great evening.
Bye.