Hello?
Hold on I can't hear you. Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
You
can
Okay hold on. Okay. Uh huh. Oh okay. I think I now I can hear you.
Can
you
hear me? I can I can't hear you through my headphones but this has been happening. Right right
let's do this. Yes it's okay. Okay.
Hello? Let's see. When did we start? Let's say we started wait your camera's gone. Oh there you were. Oh Hello Let's say you started
up three
area.
Yeah my name is johnny now what's your name? Yeah.
Say that again.
Give
me a nice to meet you. Which
which
how many times have you done this?
It's
I
one time
This is my 4th. Although I also had a couple glitches. Um
that didn't work out so that's right. Six or something. Where are you? Where are you located?
I'm in I'm in Oakland California.
careful. Well I don't know if you know but California has been like on fire there's like 600 fires going on in California wildfires so
you
know your camera is
gone, I can't see you right now but um
okay that doesn't work so well for me to do that. Okay. Mhm.
There you are.
yes I can see you otherwise there's just a little
outline.
Yeah I don't know I think their servers are slow but also my computer I've had a lot of tabs open but yeah I don't know I don't know what all goes on or why for example my headset doesn't allow you know audio as well as
I mean
going in as
long
as
what are
is
it?
I
mean
I can
you
can hear me
Yeah I mean I would troubleshoot
it but we're only
going to be
talking
for like 25 minutes
so.
true.
It.
You
know I
appreciate what about her? Well um you know we have this weird situation um where
um there was dry lightning like a couple weeks ago. Like a lightning
storm but but no no real rain um or just maybe just tiny tiny bit of rain. But um which is freaky anyway. We don't get we don't get lightning like thunderstorms much at all around here. And um and to get it like in august is really strange like that's just not a time when it rains at all anyway so with this dry lightning and it happened during a heatwave it touched down in all these places like in the state like the lightning that and then it started like just a really high number of fight wildfires that are still burning and then the air got really terrible and then they were warning people about a second round um uh lightning storms that were supposed to come through but didn't that was good, so they were saying like any place can start a fire, you should be ready to evacuate, you know like and
the fire services are stretched really thin right now. Um So they're having trouble containing the fires and uh so um yeah and it's like scary because we've been having pretty catastrophic fires the last like three or 4 years and but which is bad enough and it seems to get worse every year but but this year it started really early in the season because this is like the beginning of the season, I'm going what's going to happen like in september and pretty much until the rain starts like and later
in the fall, so I'm like wow. Well it's pretty scary, I mean it's definitely a global warming climate change kind of thing and and it's like well are we ever are we even going to be able to live
in
California
you know like?
well I mean it's gotten a lot worse, I've
been
in California
for a long time, I mean my whole adult life
and a bunch of my um adolescence and uh um but this is just it's getting
it's
definitely gotten the droughts have gotten worse and then everything uh huh
and so then the wildfire we didn't used to get I mean there sometimes there were wildfires now
we
have
these catastrophic
wildfires
that happen every year.
Well
yeah and people get evacuated and towns burn up and and then the rest and everybody
else
has to
deal with the air,
you know?
right. Well, Chicago, what
do you get tornadoes?
No, not really?
Yeah. No. Well,
What?
What?
Mom.
I what? Um and wind I guess it's
known
for
its
wind.
What's that?
Thank you. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Well gee I like you're the only place in the US that doesn't get some kind of
catastrophic
something
or other.
Number
plate.
We'll see the most of the continent seems to get really, or most of this country anyway, tends to get really terrible weather, like terrible summers. And like why do people
choose
to,
mm I was born in um in in ST Petersburg in
Russia.
Yeah, I'm from there. Um I came to the US. when I was like 11 just about so um and yeah, I mean I actually really like uh you know I kind of I just feel at home in ST Petersburg but it has really like physically I feel at home there but like it's like it's not a terrible weather but it's funny because like it doesn't really get anything catastrophic except like floods, which now don't really happen because they're built up the infrastructure but it's a swampland. So it's like it's like they don't mom is a drain swamp now but it's like it's like Like earthquakes were unheard of. I remember there was a 3.0 earthquake when I was a child and it was like the whole city panicked. It was like uh you know and like California against these
like pretty big earthquakes
and
you
know
area.
But uh I don't really have much in the way of family because I come from a very small family. But I am. I have people who are really important to me there. I mean most of them are older and I have yeah dear friends and I also have some classmates. Um, I really cultivated my connections there because it's a really
important place
for man.
What
I did. It took me like initially it took me like 22 years to go back. Um, we left in like everybody who left
left and
pretty in a pretty sort of dramatic and sort of traumatic way. Like technically we're refugees. I mean I don't really feel like you could call us refugees
in the same way that like people fleeing a war. Can you know? But anyway, but I just had a lot of feelings about it. It took me a lot. And also actually while the
soviet
union
still
existed, we
were,
it was very hard to be american. Yeah. So like I first went back in 99 and then then I I've since then I've primed to go back as much as I can. So I've been back a total of like five times and you know what, I would have wanted to go
back
this
year.
But
that's
all
right. Right. I mean I mean the funny thing is now in europe, they're traveling you know
the US
is like
Warsaw
off with covid than
I'm married.
I know it's crazy. I mean what do you how um what do you do in your life and how has it been affected by
Covid?
good,
good
year for you.
So he's
still like
flies
and stuff?
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah, I mean I feel like everybody's been really affected, I mean I really miss not being able to um go visit people and uh I'm in a category for where you know,
high
risk for complications if I would get. So I mean it's not, I'm not sorry to hear. It is, I mean it's not, I'm not sorry about it as long as I don't get it, I'm
not more likely to get it than anybody else, but I'm just yeah and um but uh I've been pretty careful and I haven't actually been in
close contact
with
anybody except my housemate, so my mom lives about half an hour away and it's a hard situation because she's like she had a stroke a couple years ago and she She's 77 now the stroke really affected her and um so she really needs help and but she doesn't really get help. She lives like half time alone and half times with her boyfriend, like who comes and goes, so, but I haven't actually been inside her house um since Covid started, I don't want to get her sick, I don't want her to get me sick, so but I try to help,
but I have to help sort of remotely, you know? So that's
that's
challenging.
It's hard, this is
hard and it's harder for everybody in different ways, but I feel like it's hard on older people who well, you know, social contact is like really important and like people really it limits people because it just limits people like, you know, like just like not being able to
bring
somebody
into the
house to
help,
you
know?
huh
Your mom sounds like maybe an immigrant mom.
Is
your mom an immigrant
wrong?
I'm like everybody the cove is going to have a big health,
well, you're in health, you're in the health field and like, I feel like it's going to have a lot of health consequences
for people
beyond
covid,
you know,
itself.
Yeah.
What?
Mhm.
Yeah.
Also.
Absolutely.
Oh yeah. I mean for me, yeah, I mean for me, I've been sort of practical about it. I've been like, um
I've been saying, well this is going to have something that's going to leave some battle scars and you know, we're going to have to address that when the time comes. It's harder for for me with my mom because like she I can tell
this is wearing her down. I mean she already has a fragile health and you know, I
mean this is
sort of
this
is not
helping.
great.
but
mm. Yes, exactly. You know I because we have a crazy non healthcare system and I'm awake. Oh my I am I've been getting I've been going to
Mexico
for dental stuff and I found a good dentist yet. I was very lucky to find him and it's like so much more affordable and it's insane that we have to travel to get our dental stuff addressed. But I was like right in the middle of major dental procedures,
Which requires you to go back and back several 1000. I was like well
mm think I'm gonna wait here
wait.
Was asked. All right. So I'm like stuck with you know gentle procedures that are well you can tell
you can tell a bunch of missing teeth
You know It's like that's mhm.
It
just is what
it
is,
you know?
I know.
I mean
it's medical terrorism. I'm now
part of the medical
tourists.
Well
Why?
P
Well I find it very strange with dental stuff because gentle health is a really big
part of overall health. It's not just a cosmetic thing obviously.
And but yet we don't actually have like a huge amount
of the population doesn't have dental insurance. Uh huh. And low income people even once I'm on disability and I have Medicare. But um I Medicare doesn't cover most dental procedures. So
well what's the plan for that? Are we just thinking that's not important if you're low income, it's very
hard to get any
kind
of dental care.
Yeah, that's good.
Uh Of course here it's like saying well we don't
really we're not going to care about your legs, like everything else is gonna be covered but legs. No, we don't really think that's
part
of.
Oh okay. So what do you what exactly does, what does it mean to be a health strategist? What do you who do you strategize for and
what do you say?
What? Oh
sorry.
Okay.
That
way.
And.
Black.
Right. So part of it was like compliance stuff and part of it is matching up what
the
like
the market
out there once
with
where
you're going.
Well you're
not making
them go to the doctor. Right.
huh. I see what you need
to do
to get
them
to
do
these
interesting.
That
makes
sense.
Well,
go ahead. Any sense Like this? That's interesting. I didn't know there was
job like that.
Well we've done our 25 minutes.
We
messed
it.
What? Nice talking to you. Stay safe. I hope your parents are good. I hope your husband and the
way to stay.
Thank
you. Thank