Yeah. Mm hmm. Uh huh. Yeah, I don't know. Can you hear me? Okay.
How's it going?
Not too bad. Um I don't know. They said there's gonna be like a list of questions, but I didn't see any, so
all right, that works for me. Um And I hope you don't mind it. It's such a nice day out today. I decided
I was
just going to sit outside.
Uh it's 11 o'clock A. M
Oh yeah, Chicago, There's outside Chicago. Yeah. Um
so
you know the last
couple days? Um So it's like the first day the weather is nice. It's friday. I figured I just sit outside and can't beat that. Yeah.
Why is the weather? How's it out there?
um
No.
It's kind of right before it gets too hot for me. Usually
when it starts getting up above 90, that's when I'm I'm not really feeling it that much.
I mean it's not Seattle but you guys have like a ton of rain too. Right.
No. Uh huh. Mhm.
I
myself
am
I Oh yeah, you can't be bad. I uh I went to a private school and the tuition was which I got an in state tuition and said it definitely pays off long term. Mhm.
Mhm.
What
are you going to school? Core? Yeah.
That
Yeah. I went, what's it?
It's it's gonna sound really cool but it's it's not um biomedical science so it sounds fancy but it's nothing. Yeah. And
I mean it's no, like I said it sounds a lot better than it is. It uh It doesn't like translate to any real world job, right? If you're an accountant, you
can become an accountant when you're done mind. I actually worked at Subway after college. Mhm. And it had to get some job.
Sandwich artist. I was a sandwich artist. Not anymore though thankfully. Yeah.
Uh um So heaven forbid you have to go to a hospital and you use your insurance. Um hospitals want to make sure that they'll get paid for the procedure to say you break your knee and you have to get uh your knee replaced or something. Um As long as you're not going to the emergency room, they expect you to pay or to build your insurance. But insurances are in and out of network and some of them do and don't cover certain procedures. Um So I am a manager for a team that
when patients come in like they check them in, then they check their insurance, see if it's covered and then we let the patient know what their costs will be and then we handle the building so um like all the stuff that happens in the back end, anything a doctor isn't doing. Um Sorry I manage a couple
hospitals and the teams that handle the building
and the payments and stuff. Yeah so you can be a sandwich artist one day and work your way. It's working in hospital.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah it's not bad. Um Honestly I was I wanted to be a teacher, I went to school to get a master's in teaching. Um but I just kind of kept doing better in the job that I was in, so I was getting paid pretty well and I kind of gave up on teaching because I like to having some money so. Uh huh. It is what it is.
definitely.
I think I think uh like when I retire or when I get close to retiring or when I'm older, um I might look doing what I'm doing and be a teacher because I still think it's really cool. I'm certified to teach biology and chemistry. Um So yeah,
It's something, yeah,
everyone's allowed one, right?
was like the big,
so
when I wanted to be a teacher,
I know exactly.
So we'll
see.
you have something you wanted to be before you started going down sociology where you're like,
oh, you know, I want to be
this or?
All right,
exporter.
You know
everybody this thing
is that
on
the class?
Like this
is
killer
colors?
wait,
Or 1.5 if.
Oh
well,
I remember how bad those textbooks were so expensive. I
I stopped buying them and I would, when I would go to class I would just find like somebody that seemed pretty like outgoing or
and just like, hey, I forgot my textbook, Do you mind if I sit with you and then I just
try and make friends with him and like, hey, you mind if I borrow it because those are so expensive and then you get like $10 back for you pay 200 for it and they're like, well we can give you 10 if if you really want to, it's almost not worth it,
I kept a couple of mine that uh like I have a few human, everyone's that were really expensive and they were paying me like $40 bag and it cost me like 2 80 I was like no, I'm just gonna keep that. It's too cool of a book to Get $40 for.
I'll
admit that.
I've never opened it since I've kept it, I'm like, oh, I'm going to keep this, it'll be so cool. And I look at it, nope, just sitting on my my parent's bookshelf. I haven't touched it since, haven't even gone home to look for it.
I remember thinking like, I mean, you go to college and learn all this great stuff and obviously I started as a sandwich artist, so it wasn't as applicable, but like nothing I've learned in college is really in my job. I don't see them like, well what's uh pythagorean formula to figure this out to let this patient in or I've never once like to look back for it.
Yeah, yeah, it's more like just like a pass to get in. It's like I got a college degree, you gotta let me in. Yeah,
Unless
who knows, you become like the next big sociologists and you discover some ancient Mayan culture
and who knows then they'll be reading textbooks about you.
there
you go, mm.
With Covid and you guys are taking place is at home.
Is it like, I don't know because right, I'm out of school and Covid kinda happened while you guys were in school, Did anybody really care about it much at school or you guys are like, it's not gonna happen to us. College kids are fine,
Mr
Go home.
Me. Mhm.
yeah, I would have,
The girls
here,
Yes,
How do you come across Slavic languages as a class where you're just like wow let's
throw a dart at the board and see what I hit.
All right yes
this
thing
I think
I hope
you can
get it happened
yesterday.
Hey
credit
to
him for bringing
his own sale.
Was it the kind where you had to speak in the language to them or was
it like let's go over the verbs and verb conjugation.
This
record,
quarter
different positions
good
one.
there's some interesting places you can take though you got to take one or two otherwise what's the fun? You
just
go for
all like boring information one? You gotta have a fun one or two.
is
that like like was it just once a week or? It's like
Tuesdays and thursday nights? Right,
man,
two hours of
Slavic. It's brutal.
Just want to actually Oh
yeah, just
sitting there on zoom calls. Right.
no,
I don't fault you for that. I took summer classes too. So that by like my senior year of like, I I just took like the bare minimum classes because I knocked all them out in the summer, in my senior year was a very like laid back and enjoyed summer year. Her
senior year.
It's excellent playing. It worked well, although I worked at Subway, so maybe don't use my explanations is the best,
but maybe
my senior year.
good.
needs one.
Calling use
it because once you start working, there's no going back,
as I was going to say, how do you even find this? Right. So it's uh that prolific website or whatever
is where
this was? Yeah. Okay, me to
read
it, right. It's my go to for things like this, I think.
Yes, Yes, that's where I found it too. Mhm.
Mhm.
some of those people make crazy amounts,
like $1400. No. Yeah,
like this is, yes,
I was just gonna say this is just like small on this side, It's a nice little extra money. I'm doing this on my lunch break from work right now, so
I don't think I'm gonna be pulling in $1400,
But maybe an extra 50 a month, you know, or beer, it's perfect.
That's
Always
here.
No. Yeah.
This one's super easy. And then the nicest thing, the first time, like I I realized that it was, it was in pounds. Like I saw the little symbol for british pounds, But I didn't really calculate what it was in my head, so I'm like, I'm going to get like $48 something and then I had in my pavel and convert it over and it's like $60 almost. It was a decent amount of money. So yeah, and it's super easy to sign up for this. There's new ones all the time. So I'm
all about
this prolific. Mhm.
I think I uh also like qualify maybe for more because um like I'm there, I have a wife and two kids and I own a house. So I
think something right, they kind of like sometimes gear them towards people so I
might have a larger number that I can qualify for. I don't know. Maybe.
Yeah.
Bed head. I've got a dog I've got a it's like he's a he's a mutt I guess. So my wife and I got him before we got married um from the shelter and then uh we still have him, he was running around out here a while ago, he just went back inside and my wife was like oh man he looks like a like a fish la and she's like it looks like a Jackson and like he's not he's a model and she paid for one of those things where they swabbed his mouth. Um And it turns out he's like part Jackson heart Pomeranian and I don't know some other things and it is crazy mix but he's the coolest dog ever. A big
fan of them yourself.
Oh his name is low key. When we adopted him it was marty and I didn't really like it. So it's like, well what's the name? That sounds like like if you say marty because I it's not like dogs like oh marty, it's me. So it's trying to think what marty loki kind of like the same uh sound when you say them. So
low key.
Yourself?
How long have
you
had
him?
Whoa.
Thank
you.
No,
I'm
Like die because you wanted chicken to eat
or like they just
naturally died.
Whoa.
Cox.
You're kidding me.
That's
insane.
Sweet.
Is this it like your home home or like you're at college home?
Probably.
That's in the same. Huh? Architect the chick. I might almost get a chicken poop. Just because they
because
and I mean do you just use them for eggs or do you like trying to eat them too?
do you get like new ones? Don't your chickens kind of like lay eggs and the roosters do their thing to fertilize them.
Helping
to
It's
super.
You
have
to.
All
All
Is that usually how you get chickens like craig? This is the place to go.
Week that state that stinks
did
do
the eggs
taste better or different?
It's
just cool. They have chickens.
I want to thank you. I'm sure
I
have
one.
I'm sure my little girls would love chickens.
So I hate to I think we've met our 25 minutes and I hate to break up what has been a great conversation, but it is also kind of my lunchtime seeking out on and I don't want to uh, I don't get caught by my boss for doing this. Um,
so I think I'll sign off and I'll let you go.
it was nice to meet you. My name is matt, by the way, as
I say by, I
don't think nice to meet you,
bye