here.
Yeah I can hear you can hear me good
good. How are you doing?
I didn't see anything that's
What are you
for?
Yeah what problem is it where you are the same time?
It's nine o'clock here. I'm in Washington. I don't know if I'm allowed to say that.
Yeah
I was with someone there but
but
super nice. Yeah
I think it's like 17 ISH. Okay.
I mean like when they don't learn Seattle area I guess. Yeah it's pretty okay. Um
It's been hotter. I mean june, well it's july now it's not usually getting warmer now but it's not awesome. I don't know.
Well
that sounds too warm. I don't know we're used to the more like temperate weather here. I don't know it's got nice to. Oh
yeah but like not really like every day it says it's gonna rain like sprinkles. I mean we're not that ready. Yeah Honestly except for like
I mean like fall winter spring it's kind of rainy I guess. Um I don't know, one month it was it was like uh March or april was pretty rainy. That's kind of a downer. Um For sure like fall like I go to school here and it's like oh you walk to your classes and it's so wet and just gross, just depressing but whatever
in state
tuition
so.
Yeah. No
it's so awful, thank you for my parents for paying. It's
good.
Well I don't really know but I'm gonna do sociology right now and then find another major I think is this time
I don't know. What? Oh yeah.
Yeah. You went to school? What what did you go for? Yeah.
Was it hard?
No.
Yeah try to pay your loans off that way. Right.
do you do now?
that
interesting.
What?
no, that's cool. Do you like it?
Do you still want to do you still
want to teach?
That's cool. You can have a little midlife crisis
please.
You got money, yeah make enough money, have a little midlife crisis and start teaching. And then you get your summers off to so
that
you
yeah you get like, I don't know, 23 breaks and then summers off like what could you don't want
would be nice. Yeah. Yeah. My family
is like
trying to oh my God, I don't know. Yeah.
Are
hello?
I was like I don't really know what I want to do. And I had a teacher at my high school and she was like oh you know like psychology because I was in the class and I liked it and I was like okay so I like finally got into a class
like last quarter
of course online uh And I was like I was kind of cool and I was like wow, I really like it, it was like it was like the bio psych and I kept being like well I don't know because I've just
taken
class
like
the quarter
before as a like as a requirement for the psychology degree and I was like you know I kind of like the sociology
is
pretty
cool. Um And then it was like uh the psychology, I don't know if I really want to go down that route because it's more like biology based,
which like I think it's cool but also I don't really want to be studying like hormones and all that whatever like all day and then it's like what do so like maybe this has or no applications, sociology. Hello to school. We talk about cool studies and people and all that and like why not? And then I have like the opportunity to double major I guess because it's only like a 50 credit requirements for the major, which is pretty low Good. Then you can just act another one and then I can double major I guess. I'm not really sure. But it's like something for the meantime. And like I took chemistry fall quarter And I got a 1.5 at the floor. So. Uh
huh. But it was okay.
Yeah and I didn't need it either. Yeah
I was like oh
you think you have to take it because like everyone was taking it and it was like probably actually to you know and you pay for the text book and pay for all that crap and then it's like, oh I just look at this, wow.
What?
No.
Lord.
So I never sold my back so I still have it like I tried to and I was like, oh yeah it's a little craigslist. Nothing. also because I was trying to get like $10 less than what I paid for it, but I was already used so that didn't work. I don't know.
like I want to keep my bio cycle and that one's kind of cool. It's actually cool stuff. Um So like if you want to take that back I don't need that. Not at all. So and then
I'll.
What was it?
she I know I looked at my brother's room and he has a stack like this high of like construction books and like math ones and I'm like huh? You're really gonna look at this but I don't know what,
Tell them this is the first in the room.
But no, it's like, oh jeez. Because I think like honestly the internships are going to be way more helpful like actually what you learned in the classes unless like in my brother's case he's doing construction management and it's like, that's what my parents do also. So if he does that and then goes into a job, like obviously he's going to use that stuff if I'm gonna learn about like sociological theories like my really gonna use it. Probably not. No, not
at all.
Come.
Yeah. I actually haven't had to buy any textbooks for that. So that's pretty nice. Except I did make friends with a girl in my class and she said the costume taking next quarter is that good. Really expensive textbook. And she bought it, jerry took the class and she's like, I'll share with you more. But she lives in Utah.
So
Yeah. I was like, I don't want to.
Yeah, it's okay though. I don't have to walk between classes or anything.
Oh, like before we got sent home, I don't think, I don't really care that much. I
think some people might have worn masks, but not really. I know we left around like March 20 A little earlier. I don't know. They told us to move out of our dorms and everyone go home.
Um, and then like our finals because this was the end of winter porter for us. So then our final were online, which was super
So then you can just like cheap.
Yeah. Like I met up with like three other girls for my sociology
class
and like got 100% on the test, awesome. Um
But I'm thinking look at Slavic languages class, which is totally not worth it. Um But the test was online actually. Yeah, it was, yeah, it was online, and so it was like so much easier when I was just like reading off of my notes, like it's like I would have done so awful if this was not online, it's like, oh my God,
well
shouldn't be cool. Yeah, I was like Russian seems
and it was like either taking
that
or a religion class, and honestly I should have taken a religion class. Um But the professor was really interesting then was boy on a leash, and he's like this super tall guy from uh
be from Serbia, and I just like Serbia and his style is impeccable. He had like that kind of like, you know, like the little kid
haircut
of
like Russian kids and it's like
kind of short on the sides and then it's like kind of a little bit longer Milwaukee and then goes all the way back to like here. It was so funny. And then he was like tight pants and like long drapey clothes and like kind of shoe boot things where they have like zippers on the sides and they were like, I don't know, very interesting. It's like, all right.
It's funny though. You
would like
talk
to you.
Yeah, I mean it was only classes like 20, so he would like talk to you and you're like, I thought Jeez it was
no,
I didn't realize that it was a linguistics class. I realized I don't like linguistics. It was like Jesus like I do not think why I really did not need to know that when all of these like 16 or whatever, languages. this is the verb
form in
them
and this is
this is how this sentence structure works,
is that
this is not applicable to anything. But I was like okay, don't want to take Russian now. Yeah,
fear
of
food.
Yeah, so I was interesting but it was two hours long so that's a little less fun but it
was
bye
Tuesday thursday. Yeah, all the two hour ones
on thursday. Those
are
Yeah, but at least he would give us like a 10 minute break in between. That's what some of the professors did and it was like nice but now like when it's online it's two hours and then it's just two hours straight.
Yeah.
With the
yeah, because I'm taking summer classes too because why not? Um It looks like it's cheaper and whatever, but yeah. And
then you just sleep.
Life.
That sounds super
Well
I
don't know.
That was that was just your starter out of college job around for that.
Yeah. I need a real job. I haven't really had one because it's my excuse has always been oh I'm busy with school.
Which
Yeah I know. That's true. That's true. Any money. So that's why we're doing this. Also.
read
it.
Read
it.
it was on R slash. Beautiful.
It's not like like uh
june maybe. And I was like oh I could do one of the like how like how many dollars did you make per month from each one? But I was like I don't think I'm gonna make that money for that. Yeah.
No.
they do a bunch I think. I'm not sure I tried to do.
this is fine.
No
no.
Yeah I don't know. I was like I did a different, I like joined a different one for like a day and then I was like wow this this sucks because it was like I don't remember which one it was but it was really weird looking and like kept asking for you to like it was one it was like you buy stuff and then You get 10% off or something or it's like
you by $25 where you can get $10 here and
it was like
I don't need to buy more things so and then I like
and then there's the amazon mturk one I applied to that, I got in and then I tried to like verify my payment and then I didn't, it was like sorry we can't verify you. Yeah I was like okay but also I just gave up because this is easier.
come
on.
sometimes I get unlucky though and then you just like sit there and just like no new studies, no new studies. No no studies like uh like they used to do it more often than week check more. Keep getting them.
No
what?
Yeah because then it's like oh how much money do you make them? Like uh don't I like best for like my parents and all that? Um It's it's like am I married? No my kids know I am a kid
basically. Like no I'm not gonna do that. Yeah. Do you have any pets?
that's cool.
What's his name? Um
and
and yeah yeah I have a
heaven done. His name is Ozzy. He's a cavalier king Charles spaniel. He's like a tall one though. I mean he's like mm he's like this tall. I don't know, he's cute, he's kinda dumb usually thought and stinky. But
and
then
I
have And then I have eight chickens. Yeah
because I have two older ones. Okay I have one, she's been alive Like five years now. Um So she doesn't play anymore but she's a pet chicken and she's really she's really sweet. Uh And then I have another one
who's
like two years
old now I think because they were like a bunch in between
them but they all died. I don't know how like
no
no
like they die from random disease things you don't know about or like I've had a couple hawk attacks
so it's like oh okay. Um one of them just like ran away I think but one of them like actually picked her up, flew over my house and dropped her on the other side in like a bush. And then I like ran out there and it was like this big massive hawks like standing
in front of my chicken and my chickens just like Cowering behind. Like she just got dropped like 50 ft or something like that and then
room and
like
Hawking talks just like and so free. And then my chicken was like gimpy for like ever. She was like stand should fall over. So I just had my bathroom for like a couple of months I think just like in my bathroom sitting and then I brought
golf
my home home because this was like in high school which is not that long ago. Um And I like used it for a science project, I like brought her into school, we had biology science project, it was like heat mapping or something, so we made a paper machine chicken after in like keep chapter and just like showed it was really dumb looking but it was really funny um because she was like used to people
and just put her in a carrier, it was really funny. But yeah.
Yeah, you should totally get chickens, they're cool, but
it's secure them all.
No, just eggs through the patch chickens. Okay. But yeah. Um But then I got six new ones, this april because we're down to two and we have enough space for you know NBA but we always get roosters. So I have like I think one maybe two roosters out of these new ones. Well
yeah, yeah, so I'm not sure, I mean this is the new chickens are Like three months old maybe. Um I can't tell if the rooster
yet, but I think
one or two is, I usually like used the roosters are usually really sweet, so I have another like really nice one, and he's so cute and I just like, put it in my arm and he just like fall asleep, just like stroke the back of their head and their eyes just like, and it's so cute and
they're very
nice and it's like, it's so good until like, you see them like hump the chicken, the head and you're like, and like, they start going, okay, okay, and then they have the chicken, you're like, oh, I don't like this anymore, because they like grab onto that with their claws and then like, the chickens end up having like feathers out of their back
and they
like
look really sad dump because they just lost clumps
of feathers on their back depending on who's the roosters favorite I guess right. People.
And then it just kind of like, you know, I gotta do, I don't like you anymore and it's like I take craigslist time, right?
No, well okay. Usually I would get them at this um there was a kind of a feed store down in Seattle, which I really liked because I used to do like four H. And we went there one time, it was like four H. In Seattle and so we like went down there and it was really nice. It's by the University of Washington. Um It was super nice but then I heard this year they were closing so then I had to go to like um bottle feed store. It was like it's cute but it was coronavirus time so everyone had to line up early. Like we're delighted at seven a.m. In the store opened at like nine or 10. So if the lineup and chairs all along, just like sit there because you have six ft distance and then have your mask and all that and you just like wait. Uh Yeah. Then it would are.
It was okay
though. Yeah.
I don't
know.
Uh huh. I guess I really care that much. I think
people,
yeah. I think they're really funny. I think you should get some if you want. Just like if you're in the neighborhood you got to check because sometimes they say like, oh, you can only have four Chickens, No Roosters, Blah Blah Blah mm hmm. Just like secure them really well because it's really sad to lose chickens.
And like you put a lot of time and money
into
them.
So then it's like I paid for all that food and look where it is now, something else goodness. But like, I don't know, it's fun now. I think they're really funny.
Yeah, I think a lot of people got them for quarantine. Um So you could check and see if people are getting rid of their chickens, but I don't think they would be too funny, but do you still like it? Yeah.
Good.
Okay. Sounds good. Thank you. Nice to see you.
What
Hannah!
Nice to meet you
day.