Hey there.
I'm doing well,
have a nice little afternoon over here. How about you? What?
I'm tidy nice to meet you.
True.
of people,
I'm
question about that, not showing up. You know, if that counts, like if I show up someone else doesn't, does that count as one of your
mission?
Yeah. But you know how you can only do it six times or something?
The back.
so that's six real one. Okay, cool. I'm your last one. Good for you. Yeah. This is one of the best ones I've gotten, like money per timelines for prolific. Yeah.
There
is horrible.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I've been doing it for like a month and a half to, I've only done, I've only had like uh
I'm £94 Right now earned. I just don't, don't stay on often, like looking for service. But these ones are definitely helped. Uh huh.
Where?
Some of the ones I've gotten, it'll be like you're about to talk to someone video chat and then like it'll be tricking you the whole time. Like it would be like someone from the opposite race, opposite political standing. Like like you're going to talk about police brutality, racial police brutality. It's like how do you feel about talking about this with this person? And at the end it's like, oh like you were never actually going to talk to someone, right?
I'm
trying
to
Group.
What? Yeah. Uh huh. Especially um these video chats definitely. It was it? Yeah. It's like $15. You are.
No.
Right.
Work.
No.
like when you get paid for a survey, it won't be the full amount. It'll be like one sent a few cents lower.
No, but someone yesterday on one of these was telling me about amazon something, amazon mturk. Yeah.
Well, energy.
I'm not
That's weird that I'm
working
here.
No.
I think they're just compiling data and facial stuff and pictures of people's kids such as weird.
Come on.
Yeah. Because the other day I was doing a prolific study and it was like try to tell that this video has been altered by a I like they're like change their expressions or like what they're saying. I could hardly tell like for a lot of them there's only three of them. They're
like
and plain.
No, I have.
Yeah. That I've done something like that in psychology when I was back in like high school. It's like what? Because it's like facing pain. Yeah. Like what aggression is this face mean?
Yeah. I was
like
that's a nice goes. Um but what are they saying about the get together? Oh no, this one was like videos of people talking or like doing something and they would flash like random like squares and colours so it distracts you from like come on. Okay.
Yeah, it's pretty weird. Yeah
sake. Probably like 10 or so videos that are like 10 seconds and you just choose whether like how much you think it's fake like for you hold on
minute.
The
30
cents.
But
I
started um like when I don't have the instant cash out, I kept trying to get to five, get to five so you can get the incident,
I live in Miami, but right now I'm in new york. Yeah
especially right now it's cold in new york right now. Out of nowhere like um it's like almost freezing last night or below freezing. Yeah.
Maine is
fucking freezing.
Maine is like
I don't know. Maybe you would have to be a special type of person to move to Maine.
What?
Yeah, I mean I can imagine I'm from Miami, you will never see snow ever like. Yeah.
Films
like once every 10 years.
What?
It's
there.
I haven't been in the snow for a while either. Like
when I was a kid I would go skiing and stuff a lot. What? Excuse me? I just had some nice pasta, cooked it on a wood stove.
Gotta do what you can.
Oh yeah, no that wasn't the problem. Like I got I did the noodles on the stuff, I was just cooking the sauce on the wood stove. It's more like getting it hot enough to actually do something is the problem.
I do pizzas all the time back at home, but I do them in a big conviction of it and I just put like I put slabs of marble in there and I make like a little pizza oven inside. Yeah.
But yeah,
it comes out nice.
Normal
work
well.
I
had
leftover from
my
floor, like it was like
tile from the floor, a big pile to have two of them. So I just put one on the top one my glory and make a nice little oven. But
the thing
is
gonna have a really powerful like big industrial conviction of and so like I get and it's like 550. So yeah,
When I
I only turned into 5:50 when I'm like heating up the oven, I wouldn't keep a pizza in there. But you turned into like 451 stones are nice and hot. Put the people in. Yeah.
it comes
on
my
like
biggest
problem
with pizza is like getting the dough crispy on the bottom for me. So like,
that's a good
idea. I've never done that. Yeah.
Making a dough and stuff too.
Thank
well,
Hold
up.
Yeah. I guess
the bottom
home so that do something.
Okay. What's my cousin? Works like a clock. Yeah. Call from, I'm not used to the sun going down, so. Really? Yeah, it's probably good dark here. Uh Well you know who?
No it just started getting cold like the other day like it was like pretty hot last week apparently.
Yeah it was like Sunny 60s the other day
I will talk with.
And
but
where
are
you
located?
Cool.
Thank you.
And
what?
Well.
I wonder why.
Well.
No.
it's from like then it's like gets more and more intense every year like it gets hotter and then colder out like the intense like the gap for their part
that's 46.
At
this time.
Yeah
like every year the first snow of the year comes sooner and sooner like every other year. Um
Yeah.
Yeah
my name's teddy and it was like hurricane teddy like a month ago and then I look and there's a hurricane that hit Miami really recently like flooded everything. It was called tita how they go t E. Like that so many it's like At least 10 10 letters to go 10 hurricanes in one month. That's crazy. Yeah.
just went through like it was
wasn't I wouldn't consider it I wouldn't I didn't think it was much of a hurricane but it did flood really really really really bad everywhere. Like I couldn't even get like to work on my street I ended up fucking on my car just trying to get to work. Mhm.
I only
had like I was driving so it would be car insurance but I only have personal injury car insurance so.
the place
yeah but it's not like if you're driving a car it would be like
if you're
cold parked I think. Yeah. But I was thinking there's this sort of thing where there's like a pothole that is reported and then you get vehicle damage from it after it's been reported. Like there's some sort of compensation that you can get.
All right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm dr and florida we have like these there's a lot of raccoons but I saw a raccoon here today that was huge. Like I've never seen a raccoon olympic super. Uh
in florida too but I guess it's different like the breeds are different. They don't grow as they don't grow as big for the winter I guess. Really? No winter here.
The one I saw today was yeah bigger than any cat. I couldn't even tell what it was at first because I had it's like head down like that like it was staying warm. It was like pretty big. Can
I like
a ball? What
it was like a ball? I can't think of something that like I could relate it there. It's big a number of
there
are.
Okay.
Yeah. There's no rabbit in florida but you're not in Miami but if you go north florida you'll see coyotes for sure. Uh huh.
there
Okay. Um If they're running at you just go sideways like you can't really turn very well. Okay.
on
and
Help.
I
mean let
her don't
make please.
Well.
Well actually.
Favorite.
That's
Those
what's the point?
I
see
this thing and like north water but a snake came up through someone's toilet. They select like yeah it came up through the toilet A big snake too.
and quite a, you have like cockroaches come up thank you. Not through
your
toilet and stuff but like shower drain sink drain definitely. Oh from. Uh huh.
Harmony.
The thing, the thing about the amount that there are in like Miami and florida is because of the plumbing. Like all the plumbing like if you go too far below ground like you're hitting water so all the plumbing is like septic fields, receptive tanks and yeah
like
most
of it not all of it, most residential plumbing. What I mean a septic field or septic tanks so like gets real bad with the cockroaches plus all the rain and stuff and they're not like a normal, I don't know what they call german cockroach. No they're like big dude there are different like palmetto bugs there called. I hate them. They're terrible. So scary.
I
have
heard them
make
noises
but it's not really hissing. It's like But you wouldn't really here one. I don't know. I hope you wouldn't. They can fly. It's also a bad part like. Yeah
that's
the
way.
No. Yeah.
you can see a 3" of Miami for sure.
Well not all bugs could get big like. Mhm.
I have no idea. I also know that they don't get affected by nuclear radiation or any sort of radiation like so there's a nuke. That one off domestic market is everywhere. Probably.
Iris.
All
this
model
Yeah. I have no idea what they eat. I never even thought about that. They just kind of grow and grow and be gross and like I don't know maybe they eat like sticky stuff like they were like I don't know like they'll eat food scraps maybe. Yeah.
It
does not to think. Mhm.
they like like dark and warm? What parliament? Right. Yeah. Okay.
All
out.
I
that
probably was earlier in the summer right now. I'm like quarantining in new york. It's supposed to be 14 days until the end of your trip. But I'm leaving after a week but when I get back to Florida I don't I don't have to do anything. You could be like that like especially for work I would have to quarantine for two weeks, but I don't have to do anything thankfully. Okay.
There.
But
That was a big problem like earlier in the summer because like, let's say someone got sick at my job, even if I didn't come in contact with them and work with them, Everyone has to take two weeks off. Thank no testing out of it. Nothing is two weeks unpaid, like. Mhm. Oh my
Hello?
All
That?
No.
All
Every
If
crap.
No.
What?
are
you there
mother?
Yeah.
Give
me
another test that become negative, I mean,
It's better than two weeks off for everyone.
Yeah.
But
only
traveling is pretty risky.
Trust me, I took a spirit flight and their planes always fold to the top.
yeah, there's not uh Yeah, I've never
They're
in new
york.
Michael prototype plane. Uh huh. That's kind of crazy like why are
On the
board?
No.
Today,
That's
cold.
Always
more
quite
attendance than people like.
And
are
other
Or
That together?
all
I'm normally
doing
a mask, nothing like that.
What?
That's
No.
Yeah, we hit our mark I
with
yeah, enjoy the rest of the night.