grow up. Mhm. No. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. That's the Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Uh huh. Perfect, despairing. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Oh what? Right. It intelligent? Yeah, wow.
Okay. How are you?
Welcome?
I think we're here to. I'm Daryn
good to meet you too. Thanks for showing up. It's um
I don't know if you've done this before, but I've
had. Yeah. Yes, people
just don't wanna show up. So thank you.
When
the instructions, it says to stay online for at least five minutes and I think they'll give you a dollar. 50.
That
no because this is my will be my 6th conversation. And I've had I think three people that didn't show up, so.
I've only
been doing
this for two months and this is the first one that through one um Researcher being able to get anything close to, you know, 50 or $60. So most of them are
a dollar or $2 as you know.
Okay.
I don't um have that much time to put toward either, but this one because it's based more on research um and
college level research, it's more interesting I think than just doing surveys. Yeah.
they I had one like that they had
me
participated
conversation that was and you can smell with the way that they were responding
to my post uh that it was more of a computer just generated answers. Uh So hey, it's always interesting and um you're earning a little bit of income from it. I think it's it's like you have the time to do it and uh it's worthwhile.
the
I'm working £20 £14.. it converts to 15. Um
I haven't noticed though that on times that I don't converted to dollars
maybe the next day it will be a few
pennies different because the fluctuation in the currency. All right. So um
Do you do these with any other companies other than pro prolific.
I'll check that out. And
the only ones that I saw that they had available or like take photographs of your child doing different and
different weird things. Nothing like these.
I
don't know
I
don't know what they were because I had someone mentioned that to me also and I don't know what maybe I was just missing something.
it makes no sense. Mm There's a lot of research right now into A. I though so which is maybe what this
researchers are doing also because
Was
it the one that they wanted to if the person is in pain and they show you some facial some faces
and yes,
I had one like that.
It's difficult to tell if somebody's grimacing or if they're just shocked or if it's there laughing. Uh
So
it's
Yeah. I haven't had anything like that.
Was it a very long survey or is it just a few minutes?
I have noticed
that they have a lot of on here
that are two minutes or three minutes. You know just a little short Short surveys though. Ask
for five
questions. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. It takes a while to build up any
enough to cash out. You do
those.
Right. Yeah. So so where do you live?
Whether it's completely different.
the lady I spoke with, a lady that I spoke with on monday. She was from Manhattan and uh she was getting ready to move to Maine and she was actually looking forward to all the snow.
I
So no, not me. I don't want to I would not want to go. She was talking about three ft snow drifts during the winter
and yeah.
Well I think she grew up there so she was used to it. But Now I live in Kentucky and and we get if we get a 5"
snowstorm it's a big deal.
I have a nephew that lives, he did live in Valdosta Georgia which is his north of florida.
And they,
yeah and they just moved to Colorado Springs. Well his daughter is two years old. She had never seen snow. Well they've already had snow so
she got to experience snow and she didn't want to go outside. She looked out she said no
she kept
saying cold. Cold. Yeah.
What?
Well
I guess you have to watch and make sure it doesn't overcook since you can adjust the temperature.
we bake the pizza on a gas grill. And so that was the issue of adjusting the temperature and make sure not only did it not overcooked but that it didn't undercook either because it was.
it
difference.
Yeah we had a uh I guess the baker stone I think is what it was called. We bought it at like Macy's and it fits in there on the rack. I didn't think about getting a piece of marble. Um That would
have been cheaper
than buying
the stupid baker's stone. Um Did you just get a piece of marble? Like a home depot or where did you get it? Or
was
it specifically
for
the
did you?
that's
great
idea.
heaven will do that I think for nine years the size our hours ago, but we just have a normal oven,
so
That's a great idea though, I'll do that because
we're
going
to be
moving
in a few months
and
um when we make one from scratch, uh we will pre bake the dough for a little while before put the toppings on just to make sure it does get done because yeah, that's an issue is the dough doesn't get completely
done.
And what
we just got the idea from, because when we make pies, we pre bake the pipe the bottom pie crust first and put the fillings in. So we just thought maybe a pizza would it should work as well with the pizza.
And it worked out yeah they didn't the crust did not come out doughy.
Which is what we had the problem with. And that's one of the reasons we got the uh the urban stone is to try to
because you heat
the stone up and then that
not
too big.
so.
Yeah it's um well have you had any snow that where you are?
Well yeah this time of year anything that's in the 60's would be considered warm wouldn't it?
Can
that's what it is here because we've had some Mornings in the 30's But then during the day
toward now it will be in
the low 60s. So but that's just normal here. That's just the way it is this
time
of
year
in central Kentucky. Yeah.
So
we have moderate winters, we have some ice storms occasionally, but we don't have very much snow. We used
to when I was growing up, we would routinely
have,
You know, 212 in snow storms. But we just don't have those anymore.
Well from what the weather people say, it's the global warming, you know, as
the cold weather's move further north. So, but who knows
this this winter and me, we may get a three first snowstorm. You never, you really don't know. So.
Well, apparently that's what it has supposed to work is the
areas that are warm or get warmer areas that are cold to get colder. Like in colorado, they normally don't have snow in Colorado Springs apparently,
but
it's usually later in the year, like january. They've already had snow. So, uh
the
hmm.
It's like the hurricanes also are getting more intense and more often, um
what they've already ran out of names this year for hurricanes stuff.
And there was just one that went through, Well, there was just one that went through or one going towards florida or
you didn't,
And that's the problem. A lot of people have hurricane insurance, but not flood insurance. And if the storm surge, just what causes the damage
your,
yeah, you don't have comprehensive. So you have to cover your own cost. Well, it's down in florida have the state has their own hurricane and flood insurance program.
I think I heard that before,
you
know?
Yeah, I know,
Yeah. I guess there's a lot of rodents and things for the records to catch and
we have records here, but it's out in the country and the largest one I've ever seen was the size of a big cat. You know, it wasn't anything larger than that.
And
they remain,
Yeah. Like what?
we have, but here in my neighborhood we have a lot of squirrels and rabbits, but we don't have any, uh, occasionally, there'll be a coward he will come through and it's such a big deal that the news
crew
will actually film it and put it on the news because coyotes are not common here, but we do have them. Um, they normally stay out in the countryside on the where the farms are, But, uh,
so we have those things here is just, they're not real large, so
There was a thing on the news, uh, an alligator walking across a green at a golf course, I guess it was in florida. It was
huge. Yeah. So I don't know that I want to go golfing in a place like that.
It's just the idea that you know they're that close and those the snakes they uh
the history channel, they show the snakes
how they how the hurricane demolished the wildlife uh rest wildlife center that was near
just south of Miami In the hurricane walking 92 or whatever when
the hurricane
came
through.
Yeah all the snakes got, that's how the snakes got there in the Everglades. And
that's what started it.
was a yeah there was an exotic wildlife refuge there. Hit anacondas and pythons. Those and yeah that's how they got out and then they started breeding and there was nothing other than alligators. There was nothing to stop them. So
but that's why they have those there now. They showed one last year and a lady heard a noise under her her house And she had a mobile home
house and the wildlife people came they brought one out it was like 12 ft long. The thing was like this like like 6" was huge and her dog to witnessing the thing had a lump in its stomach.
It apparently had eaten a woman's dog
and when underneath there to digest the food. So
let
me just
well I mean I've heard of that you know that that's kind of an urban legend like in Chicago in places of the animals and the sewers would come up like rats coming up through the sewers through the toilet into your house. Um But actually haven't happened I mean it was I don't know I don't know what to do areas.
and
then
It's just we have things like that. Here is just third. They're not very common because I mean we we have our house um sprayed
and we have the perimeter spray around the house with
didn't
I didn't
know that.
Are they the ones that make the hissing noise? I know
there's
some cockroach
that
makes
that?
I haven't seen anything. They could do that. That's
I guess
there's
so many different species that each area would have their own. I know that I've seen some natural nature programs from Australia. They have ones that are 3" long and huge
I don't know, I'm just
really yeah that's
what do they eat that gets them that they can grow so large. Is it just natural for them to grow that big or is there some,
maybe the last ones here, if there's an overpopulation of like mosquitoes, you will see a lot of bats because the bats will come into the mosquitoes. Or if you have an area that where you have a lot of road up problems, you'll have snakes
because the snakes will go into either. So you have to have something to bring
the, so you have to have some kind of attractive. So I was just wondering what those roaches to be that big. You think they have to be locked? But maybe in in the sewers if they do come up through the sewers, maybe they're eating the stuff in the sewer. Yeah that could be it. I know dung beetles do that. That's what, I don't know if they eat the dung but they like their
eggs
in the dung so I don't know. Yeah. Be something to watch a ted talk on why the road gets so big.
Because people will flush those. They have a disposal that will go down into
the subject.
that could that would be reasonable to think that especially if they're coming up through the sewer pipes into the home now there's some reason that they're in there they have to be a food source or something shelter uh that they can
Has uh so you're in new york are you going
to have to
when you go back to florida you want to do the shelter in place or the quarantine or what is the
new york
just.
Yeah I was in um California earlier
this year and I came back the end of april and I had to do the two week
quarantine here just at my house. Um I made it to the very last day and I snuck out which of the grocery store. I don't know who picked the two weeks. You know if you're gonna be sick you're supposed to show symptoms within four days or five days. So you know it's I don't know who, I can never find out who picked two weeks. It just didn't make any sense to me.
did the thing every monday morning when we go in they give everybody who is working on site one of the rapid result tests and they're notoriously wrong. I had monday that gave me one I had a positive
that gave me another one. I had a negative. So I was here
what through today? Um
I went to work this morning but I was here they gave me the regular test. It takes two days
to get back. So I found out yesterday
evening that I was negative. So I was able to go back into the office. But
at least they're trying to show that they're doing something to protect everybody there because we work in an enclosed lab.
So it's we work very close together and
um if one person is sick it can
make everybody sick. So they were trying to make sure that. But
those rapid result tests I mean it said 47% accuracy. I mean it's almost useful. So that
means
half that tested negative. They could be
positive. Yeah.
Just but
nobody want
point.
So I don't know. But they're trying to do something at least show that they're doing something. Um.
Yeah exactly. For us we were deemed essential because we have government contracts. So we we even worked through um
Well the the lab kept working it never to stop all this year. The work I do, I travel a lot with my work and so I was two months in California. I should be right now in Idaho working. But there was an issue with the lab there. They didn't want me to go. So I'm still here. But next month I'm supposed to be in Mississippi working for three weeks. Um But who knows if there's more
governmental shutdowns which are likely um I mean maybe here in Kentucky through the spring
so you never know either way. I just don't get sick because
yeah, especially now with the airports that they're not, well Southwest is not restricting the number of people on planes now. That's usually how they have us fly up because they're at I used the Cincinnati airport in Southwest is that's one of their hubs. So that's usually the company I fly on. And it's uh yeah the plane is for if they can feel the plane sell enough tickets to fill the plane. They will feel it.
Yeah. Um So this social distancing every other seat and all that. They don't actually do that.
Yeah well the flight that I came back in to Kentucky the end of april was southwest.
There were
three
people there was three people know I came back from Oakland California two. We flew from Oakland to Las Vegas in Las Vegas to Cincinnati. There were three people on the plane.
but that was there that night
and
that was the flight had been cancelled three times because they didn't have enough seats so they they revert to themselves. I didn't have to do anything. Uh It's just
left the same day. It was just the flight I left on was about an hour and 15 minutes later than what I was originally supposed to leave on. But yeah they took care of it. They they did the best job they could it's just they can't fly if there's only one person. They apparently they have to have more than one person. So they found one they had three people. So and we flew from Oakland to las Vegas. One person got off. I stayed on the plane we flew
from Las Vegas to Cincinnati with two people.
So
but they
said that
you
know.
Yeah yeah they had what two flight attendants and then the two pilots. So but the the flight attendant told me that they need to do that just to keep
everybody because they weren't
laying anyone off
Southwest wasn't they have now but at that time they were committed
to not laying anyone off so they wanted to keep the planes moving as much as they could. So
but the flight I took the first part of March to go from Cincinnati to Oakland the plane was for, but no one,
you know, Covid really wasn't a thing that it was something in the news, but it was in china. You know, it wasn't
here
yet.
No nothing. No one there was telling on the news that uh the only reason you would need to mask is if you were sick,
you know that was when the mass was in short supply and they didn't want people to wear them unless
they needed to. So yeah that plane was full but coming
back now. Well we've we
So. Well
yeah it's been a pleasure talking with you. You have a good day.
You too. Thank you.