speak. Let's go. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm Hello?
How are you?
I am doing all right. Um, have you done one of these before? Mm
Okay. I have to, but I just didn't know if it was ever, I don't know. I never see any of the researchers. So I always wonder where
are they they
like
under the rock? How
are
you?
Chicago. Where are you at?
Oh, come on.
Honestly, it's not been too bad. It
looks like it's fall outside and feels like it looks like it should be in late november, but it feels like august. Mm
Yeah. So it's great to have with the windows open. It's yeah, it's a fun time. Also. Also, Hi, I'm Riley. I don't think I said that.
We Oh well how is the weather where you're at?
So
It's
no.
Yeah, I'm originally from florida. So I know what it was like. So
I see you. Mhm.
A grad school. I'm funny enough, a grad student in public health, right? Oh,
I feel
like
it was, yes, I started my program prior to the panda being nothing, so I had no idea what I was getting something before, but I wouldn't change it because like it's still it's still very interesting place to be working in the world. I don't have to worry bunch of security one graduate.
But yeah, so I mean it is a struggle, but A struggle that I take with stride and like I'm here for the chaos is kind
of like the catchphrase in 2020 for me.
mostly just in school, but I have been working on and off, mostly taking other people's projects, like babysitting them for them, like they're doing other things. I mean just
because
yeah, um I'm not teaching right now, I hope a soon, but I I am taking more break to try to get my other requirements settled in. Um I love to create complete my dissertation with the next year and I also have God kind of like an internship right to come in kind of thing where you have to work with someone and create deliverables for them. So those are two big practice and trying to figure out how I'm gonna do that within this. Yeah.
All right. Thanks. What do you do?
I can still see you at all. I
don't
know what's
going on fine, but I hope that you can see me eventually.
No. Mhm.
I feel are you happy with ended up during a pandemic?
Actually you, yeah, that sounds like a, that sounds like as good a place as you can be in a camp in,
I mean
that.
Do you have a support system locally?
You
need to,
When it sucks when it's not even when like the reasoning behind it, you can't do it because of
this.
Mhm. Yeah, I see you and I feel that um I think maybe lesser like wanting to see my immediate family, not because I don't, not because of any bad relations, but because like a lot of my family members are essential workers. And so like I would be going from coming from Chicago into an airport to then go live with people that are all doing essential work. Just
Yeah, I do. Um my significant other, I don't live with them currently um actually during the pandemic, which is, it's all funny situation but they're around um and have other friends both from school, um connections from undergrad and just socially other connections as well to fill
Chicago
is a very community like city where everybody's the midwestern. This means that everybody wants to be friends.
mm. That's good.
Not currently though. I think one of my friends wants to do a virtual thanksgiving of some kind so that might be on the agenda. Otherwise open we'll be finishing a lot of final project work because my semester is coming to a close and that those things need to get wrapped up before the parade happens. Uh
Yeah but what about you? It sounds like you have like you live with your significant other, you do have family around even though I don't know how much you want to gather with everybody. Um
But.
Yeah, that sounds lovely.
Thanksgiving. Even though salt and pepper thinking it's a lot of cooking, depending, especially on how many people you have, especially if you don't like to cook. That's a lot to ask.
Mhm.
see you in that and that's his problem, even though someone that likes to cook, like timing everything to make sure everything is warmed by the time it goes on the tables on adventure. Yeah. Yeah,
definitely. Um, I don't say this to be like, look at me, I'm so cool, but I love volunteering. Um
a unknown actress answer, but it's the truth.
I live in a housing cooperative and so we do a lot of volunteers within our house, but also elsewhere. That's fine. I enjoyed
that. Yeah.
Mhm.
So I will. But for housing cooperatives specifically, I do a lot of home improvements. We own our house, but it's really old. It's like 1880, Something. So, and as someone that has construction background, there's, I have the capacity to help with things that maybe someone else wouldn't. Uh so being able to help that good. But outside of those kind of so voluntary house, um I, my graduate work is around disability health stuff, so I work and do a lot of advocacy stuff around disability community things. And there are a few orcs here that do things for not even
both, like just coming in and helping out with events, but like sometimes giving my time and services to
I don't
feel very, to be fair like I'm still in school. Like, even though I enjoy it, I also know that I do ultimately benefit from like, personally as I get something out of it on an altruistic level, but also at a professional level too, because it's so, it's good that I enjoy it because it's helpful for me. Um yeah, I have other hockey, but like that does take a big chunk of my life because I, I enjoy doing a lot of activists work, Chicago is a great place to do that kind of work.
Shit,
where
is
that,
Where are some other places that you want to go? So we got Chicago? Yeah, yeah,
yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Base
I feel you, I think I have a lot of friends who are from texas. My view is a little bit more like, okay, there are some cool places that there are texas. Um,
but I understand the sentiment of texas has its own unique entity.
you're right.
Mhm. It's also still valid. You know how you feel about it? Like being like, I know I should probably decide, but these are still also
very valid feelings and like completely unfounded
I have to
Yeah. You know that everything's gets better, everything's going to be expensive. All your tickets are going to cost $1 million. Um, you have to sell an arm and a way to get a hotel room. Uh
What?
No.
It
sounds wild. It sounds easing.
Mhm.
I was going to ask, I wonder who makes those things and
how does one get that funded as well? Like this is what
we're
gonna
do? Give us the concept. Okay. Open
hmm.
Yeah. I also wonder how that's going to change as the world starts to really open up again. I hope that it's still an available option for you to explore in your future,
You have you
had
such
time?
Well I've heard that it's about the size of san Francisco.
It is
wild.
Yeah, it's big park, it's more than one park uh and someone that has gone there may be like a protest would give yourself a day that you can do whatever you want, like you don't go to a park, you just explore because all of the all the different hotels are theme different things, like it's not even just the world, all the world's little hotel basics that are coordinate with it and so it's all this master planning its bamboozling, so
And
what?
All
If you
Mhm. They don't
even
sell.
but to be fair,
they also have a lot of rules to make it function that way. They don't sell gum in the parks because they don't want gum on things. All right, if you go to the new world, you won't see certain people that if they're not in the theme of that area because everything is underground, like all of the staff and everything is underneath you. So
all
of that happens when you're up there.
that's
Remember. I am a purple monster with five eyes.
It's a charming moustache.
No, alas,
the cooperative life has got me. I don't, I can't do the things sunday. I will. You have five dogs. What delight? Also
I could step in overwhelming sometimes too. Right.
Mhm.
On that,
Mhm.
Mhm,
mm hmm.
That's great. At least another thing too is at least there's five of them, only one of them has to back if there's a stranger or something that shouldn't be in the house. So you have pretty good ad I mean almost it's
like a travel then you might not may not be that intimate, but
I mean, I'm sure they think the same about us because they can't understand this just as much as we can understand.
Yeah.
Are you bad?
Dogs drawls.
I
I was going
to ask, I was going to ask like how has that changed since the pandemic because your whole almost all the time.
Mhm. Right.
What?
Well, you can't do anything to fill your cup outside of it. Not even just like I don't have anything new to bring, but I have nothing new to receive from anybody else. Mhm.
All
You heard?
Mhm.
That I mean that could be said of a lot of different places. Even here, there are people that don't wear masks to and it's frustrating because it's like this is the reason why they go back to lockdown or we have these restrictions. Yeah.
I don't know if it's I see a lot of it there or if I pick up on it a lot, especially because what? Right. I I live in a housing cooperative with other people, but we all wear masks in the house. We have very stringent rules of these are things that we do pandemic stuff. Um
And so I'm not only am I like public health bubble but in my cooperative bubble. And so sometimes I see people and they have their mask not on their nose or something like, uh, but God.
Um, so I don't know if it's just, I'm selective in my by criticisms. I will say though in Chicago covid has been getting pretty bad here. So I think it might be a mix of both. Be seeing things in me, not seeing things. Yeah. How
has it been there at least right now.
Welcome.
Mhm.
mm.
All
That's
what I feel you in that my mom is also my mom's a nurse anesthetist. So her path is a little bit different than moms, but like different boats that same direction. Yeah.
Well, they're trying to because because of the population of florida being a very heavy senior population, people need to do elected things. Even if elected things are right in these stones, they need to have that as access. So I've been trying to organize having certain hospitals that only do elective things.
But she still has to do some level of like emergency emergency election. She does dental stuff. Like she'll go into dental offices and do things um as well as has helped with some covid things to. Um But I think the problem
right now is the staff allocation because they don't know what they're doing. Um And the situation keeps changing. So if they have a plan, they have to reattach their plan. I think that's what she's most frustrated about. Mhm. Mhm.
I
feel
like
if
Thank
you.
You like health care nursing school is really hard. Like a nursing school, graduate whatever level. But that is a hard process to go through. So you have to be a person that can handle that too.
Very
You
have.
I see you you went to school in boston.
What brought you to boston? What what made you think like, yes, I'm going to go to in this area.
hmm.
I
know this
step
into a city.
Mhm. You look good.
Very
pretty.
Mhm.
I see you and that's I I think I could understand what the process of that. Yeah.
Well, I where do we have
enough?
Oh, I mean, weirdly enough, I went to, I moved around a lot when I was younger, I did high school in rural nowhere. Um and had the same struggles that you had where you work in smith, you work in the hospital or the school. And I have ever occurred to me that like this because this would be a path of, I would live here forever because I've always moved around. Uh but my motivations where I want to live somewhere where I don't have to drive two hours to an expressway like way and, and also I get so anxious about driving. I really wanted to have access to public transit because it would just save me so much of a headache. Thank you. So it's very convenient of that be acceptable because of very lip. Yeah.
Then.
but
at the same
time like at the same time there are a lot more spread out city still have pretty good transit like Chicago. I commute from where I lived to school was like an hour and a half and that was all in Chicago. But I still had access to transit. So I guess it's maybe it's when cities are made. I don't pretend to know the transit things though I must say.
There's uh we have an elevated train systems. There are underground components of it, but the majority of it is elephant.
think it's good but at the same time I like it overall, I don't have any issues with overall. I think it would be hard to create something like that out west because if you try to do anything underground, not only would be incredibly expensive to make fun of keep uh I wonder if you could do an elevated train system though. I haven't been so, I don't really know.
underneath.
mm.
that's a little fresh. I could imagine that. I mean like when you were waiting for a train to pass diarrhea at the stop by this month. Mhm.
And,
Just
insane.
Hitch
arrived.
I think I've ever heard of it that way, but there is another train system where you can actually take an Amtrak train to places. Yeah,
I wish
that the U. S. S. Train system was better than
comparable to the one in europe because only cow.
I'm forgetting that we have time. Like how much do you have a timer that works? Because I don't think I
don't
think
so. Mhm.
Well,
I will have to let you go because I do have to do something at one. Unfortunately. I really
enjoyed talking with you though. It
was
Yeah. Thanks and have a happy thanksgiving.