Hello?
I'm doing well, how are you?
I have
my sister,
I
don't know,
they're
secretly
watching us. I'm good, where are you at?
I am in Tucson
I'm sure it's much colder there.
No.
that's nice,
hi, I'm lee
um it's I mean I hate telling someone
in Chicago that it's cool here um but it's cool for here um it's probably like you know upper sixties,
lower seventies,
But when it gets to be like 120 in the summer you know it's cold for us but I'm originally from Maine so I know what cold is like too so
what
brought you to Chicago?
my that
must
be insane.
definitely not. Yeah.
Well
Right. Yeah, I think that's everyone's catchphrase for 2020. Uh huh. Are you working right now? Are you just in school?
you have to
teach to?
Uh Yeah, so you've got all the added like trying to do stuff remote and like fine, well, good luck with that.
I uh Oh I can't see you anymore, I can hear you. I don't know where your camera went.
Well
that's
fine.
Uh huh. Well I can hear you. I work for a company where we caption phone calls for hard of hearing people.
and I work as a supervisor who trains supervisors so yeah and uh but I've been I've been there like five years or so. Um I've been in Tucson for six years, I've been all over the place I lived in um Amsterdam, I lived in Ireland, I lived in Jamaica, I went to college in boston. Mhm. I just um I don't like staying at my place very long.
I am and I'm happy that I'm in the job I'm in because the last major job that I had was with Cbs and I can't imagine because where I'm at now, the job I have now, I can work from home. Yeah, but I can't imagine like working in a pharmacy right now. So yeah, I and plus, you know, I don't have to worry about snow or natural disasters really. Anything like that, so that's fine.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. And the length of that sex is that my
family
is all in maine so it's like, well I don't get to see you for the foreseeable future, but you know, video calls everything. So. No.
Um I mean I live with my boyfriend, we've been together for about four years. Um So we, you know, we have each other, we have five dogs, that's nice. Um And his family is here, so you know, we have them around so it's kind of nice and I've got friends and you
know,
stuff like that, so it's just kind of tricky with the holidays. I mostly don't care because you know, I've traveled all over and been whatever so I'm used to not seeing my family again, but it's just like the holidays are like six, but
I know.
Right. Yeah. It's not even an option really for me to go because I'd have to quarantine and I don't even want to go on a plane anyway, so you know, and it would take me too long to drive their taste for like three days to drive, so. Yeah.
that's strictly yeah. So what are you do you have, do you have a support system there?
that's
good.
that's nice.
Are you doing any kind of thing for thanksgiving?
You got a lot of work?
Yeah, so we're just going to
do um us too and um I ordered like a whole spread from the grocery store so like, you know like the deli area, whatever, so we'll get like turkey and mashed potatoes and pie and all that stuff so that and I'll just pick it up that morning so I don't have to actually cook anything but still good to have the food. So it's just gonna be us to here and it'll be nice, we're both working that day from home. So um you know, I figured that's why I figured I didnt want to cook anything because I didn't want to try to cook while working. So, so it'll be nice and I'll probably face time with my family because I think they're each doing, I have four siblings and they're all, they all have significant others and Children and you know, all that stuff. And so I think they're each doing separate thanksgiving. So I'm hoping maybe I can just face time with them and say hi to everybody. You know, I mean kind of cool.
It'll be, it'll be nice not to have to cook. I think I don't like, I'm not a cook. I don't like cooking. I'm not a fan.
Right. Yes. I'm not very good at like, I mean, I mean we cook dinner and stuff, but I'm not very good. I've never gotten very good at the like timing things, right.
Like if you're making like, I always seem to have like my, Something will be done like 20 minutes before the other thing is done. And then it's like, Oh no, now this is going to be cold and you know, I'm not very good at that part of it for some reason. Yeah.
Do you have any like hobbies or anything that you do? Well, I'm sure you're very busy with your schoolwork and all that stuff. But do you have anything that you like to do that's not involved in that?
Room,
I don't know.
magnus.
What kind of stuff do you like to volunteer? Like what kind of um
organizations are places to you volunteer with?
that's
That's awesome. That's really cool. Um happy to have, you know, it's like makes it helps people and makes you feel good, you know? Yeah, I could definitely see why that would be um something you like doing. Mhm. I um it kind of makes me feel bad that I haven't really volunteered
much.
Right. I'd love to visit Chicago, I've always wanted to visit there but I haven't made
it, it seems
like such
an
interesting city.
Um So
I have actually not seen much of the United States I've seen I spent a long time kind of just bumming around europe um and the caribbean. Um So I've been all around there but I like I've never been to florida, I've never been to florida, I only just went to California um like last year or two years ago. Um So I haven't seen a whole lot so most major cities um I would like to visit um But
Seattle seems really cool and um
Chicago seems really cool and there's some places in texas I'd like to visit alarm if you're about texas sometimes. Um
I know it's mean to say but uh like maybe austin
Yeah for
Yes. Yes. Yes I mean I was I was hesitant to move to Arizona because I know being from me in Arizona has a reputation of not necessarily being um the most welcoming or intelligence of places. And I would say that assessment is not entirely wrong. Um having been here for six years but um there's definitely a lot of really cool things about it so I'm sure it's the same with texas just like
I shouldn't let you know whatever perceptions I have stopped me from from figuring it out for myself you know? Yeah.
And
All right. Yes. Oh I'd also like to really go to um New Orleans. I've always been interested to go to New Orleans
but nothing you can't travel right now if it doesn't matter.
yes for sure. No. Yeah they're going to try to make up the money that they've lost I'm sure. And yeah, so probably won't travel for a while. Although I would oh I would also like to go to santa fe. I am I was actually planning a trip to go this past
summer but you know that kind of got scrapped But they have, have you heard of me all wolf?
Mhm. So what Michael Wolf is they have one in santa fe and they're going to open one I guess in Vegas and another one in phoenix. So um hopefully I'll be able to go to one soon. But essentially what it is, it's like a combination uh art exhibit, an amusement park um which is really strange but it's it's like interactive um art installations. So the one in santa fe has like a house that you go into and like everything they encourage you to touch everything, open everything, you know whatever. Like you open up the the dryer and you can actually crawl through it into another room. But it's like a galaxy in the dryer. You should look it up sometime. It's like very fascinating and strange and it looks really cool and I love
to love to go there.
you can like you open up the refrigerator and it's a door to another dimension. You like you can go through the fireplace and crawl through to another art exhibit. It's like very straight and everything is all strange colors and lights and sounds and smells and it just seems like really cool.
It seems like the people who made it were like on mushrooms or something when they made it, but like you know, be interesting to see.
So
I
don't
know,
well, apparently it's been successful because they're opening up more. Um
but I know that there are collaboration between a ton of artists, but yeah, I don't know where the funding comes for that, I'm not sure.
Yeah, I hope so. But we'll see you. I also was hoping to go to Disney. I went to Disneyland last year, the first time I've ever been through Disney Park, and I'll admit, I was like, I was a little like, oh, well, it's going to be stupid because it's for kids. Have you ever been to a Disney park? Being from florida? Probably. Okay. So I was just like, I'd never been to any Disney park, and we got like cheap tickets to go to Disneyland, and I was just like, whatever, it's going to be a vacation, it'll be fine. And then I went and I was just like, oh, yes, this is amazing and magical and beautiful. I want to live here, I want to be here forever. I never want to leave. I just was magically transformed into one of those Disney people and I mean, no regrets, no regret. It was fun. It was very fun.
Although
I
feel like Disney
World. Oh yeah, no. Yeah, we had an amazing time. I feel like Disney World because Disney World like five times as big as Disneyland. I can't imagine how overwhelming it must be there.
That is insane.
You'd
have to like, really like, because we did Disney, So there's Disneyland and California adventure. So it's like two separate parks. We did one day in California adventure and two days at Disneyland, and we still didn't even come close to seeing and doing everything. I can't imagine. You'd need like two weeks just at Disney World.
was like, that was one of the things when I went to Disney, I was just like the, the architecture and like the attention to crowd flow because it was
like, there
were probably a million people in the
park with us, but it didn't feel crowded. It was just like, it was very that level of mastery of
just like crowd flow and and also like any time you drop a piece of paper, someone sweeps it up immediately. This is like insane.
And
then
like the smells and the sounds and just like the, that's what happens when you have like unlimited amount of money I guess. Yeah.
Make everything.
That's
crazy.
This is like one big performance I guess. That's pretty cool. It's insane to think about, but I will enjoy it as a park go er and not question it and eat euros and you know, I lost your video again but that's okay, I can still hear you.
I remember what you look like, I can't. Yeah,
Uh huh. Yeah, that sounds right.
Ooh, nice. Do you have any pets?
No.
sometimes.
so I had one dog, I have a red tip coonhound. Um
who
is this? Like, I don't know if you know what kind of dog that is but it's like a big beagle. Um
and she is way too smart. Um And then my boyfriend had four dogs, but three of the merchant wallas, so they kind of just are like one dog collectively. Um And
then the other ones uh flat coated retriever which is like a long haired black lab. Um But the youngest one is 8, so they're all old. Um
So they're not quite, it's better than having five puppies, you know, it's like they mostly just burrow and sleep all day and get excited if you open a bag of chips and that's basically basically, yeah, it's with, if somebody comes to the door then they all bar click insane. So it's like a built in security system.
and
at the very least, so they would alert me that someone was there because they are allowed. So at the very least I would know about it and have time to run away or whatever. So it's kind of nice. They The little ist one though, she is like, I okay, I love all of our dogs, but I would never choose a chihuahua for myself just because there's so much just okay. The little one, she's literally £3.5. She's tiny and she doesn't have any teeth. And so her tongue sticks out all the time like all the time it's really really ridiculous and like cute but also really stupid. And yeah you're allowed to feel all those things about your pets, You're allowed to think they're really cute and sweet and you love them but they're also stupid. Yeah.
Yeah I'm sure I'm sure. Yeah
and now with like so Arizona doesn't do daylight savings so I don't know why but we don't um So it's like even more dramatic than the like Day into night thing right now. And so the dogs they get Fed at eight p.m. But now it gets dark here at like five and for like three hours they are like where is my dinner? It's just like I can't just feed you when it gets dark, like you'd be really hungry. So. Yes so that's that's oh that came from because they probably do think I'm dumb because they're like it's dark, it's dinner time. So. Yeah. Yeah
right my dog will get really frustrated and she'll like scratch the door, she just scratches any door. That's how she shows frustration. She just comes up and like scratches the door so she'll do that for like three hours. Yeah but I'm not gonna cave, I'm not gonna because then I don't know why I couldn't just feed them at five I guess. But they just always give for today. I don't know. Then they'll be hungry in the morning early if I do that. Sorry about my ramble about my dog's ears,
working at home, working at home for the
last several months, I've been like hyper analyzing my dogs behaviors, like Oh,
interesting.
Yes, it's um been interesting um
especially with both my boyfriend and I working from home, um because it's like, we don't necessarily see each other all day because we have separate offices, thank goodness, I will say we live in a three bedroom house. Um cost of living in Arizona is really cheap thankfully. Um So we live in a three bedroom house and you know, there's only the two of us and all our dogs, and when we moved in here, it was kind of like, we don't really need a three bedroom house, but like we can afford it, so, but it's actually worked out really well because now we each have our own office and then our bedroom, so um of course, you know, we weren't planning on working from home when we moved in here, but um it's been nice, so yeah, so it's kind of been interesting because it's like we get sick of each other even though we don't necessarily see each other, it's just like what new things do you have to bring to your relationship, you know when you
just are both home all the time?
so that's been the kind of the main, I mean we're doing fine, but it's just kind of been the main struggle, just like, yep, and it's almost like Groundhog's Day sometimes because just like, yep, we get up, we do
our work, then we make
dinner and we feed the dogs and we go to bed and it's just because you can't really, and plus Arizona is nobody wants to wear masks, so, you know, I mean, I think that's the whole country right now, but it's just bad here so it's like I don't wanna we do go to the park sometimes, but you know we've been getting like our groceries delivered and I haven't even, you know, we don't even go to the grocery store so Yeah, and
I'm sure that's like that with everybody or a lot of people right now, it kind of feels like you're on hold, you know?
Do you see, you see a lot of that there?
Yeah.
Yes. Yeah.
Yeah,
that's right now bad, bad. It's Arizona's been bad because
I don't know, people just don't follow, although I think it's worse in phoenix than it is down here in Tucson. Um But I know that the hospitals were saying like We're at 80% capacity and you know and uh so yeah it's not not good and my my mom she's in maine and she's a um a nurse practitioner and she they recently basically closed all of the like uh so she was working in a walk in clinic um but
they've basically closed all non emergency um
facilities and they're redirecting the staffing to the emergency facilities. So they have like in the system that she's in the hospital system she's in They have set up like six different testing sites
and everybody has to rotate to to do testing. So she's just like in basically like a space suit all day, you know having to test people and whatever and she hates it and but you know she's also like this is what I signed up for when I became an expectation. Er you know it's not always about what I want to do, it's about the greater good and health and you know, so that's kind of rough. Yeah, but she was like thankfully they have good access to PPE so she's like um you know if I do get Covid I'm going to get at the grocery store like everybody else, she's like I'm not going to get it at work so,
you know.
she um having to deal with covid stuff like because if she's a nurse anesthetist, I'm guessing right now it's only just emergency situations that she's they're not doing it like elective stuff right now, are they?
Ah that's interesting.
this is,
I can't imagine that's going to be, I'm very thankful for people who are in the healthcare industry but I am so glad I am not one of them.
I couldn't
be
I just couldn't I just couldn't. My mom my grandmother was a nurse and R. N. And then
my mom was an RN when I was growing up and then she later I went back to school and became an Mp.
And
they both were always like why don't you why don't you be a nurse? Why don't you be a nurse? It's like no no thank you. I can't even stand it if I get a paper cut like I'm not gonna I would be really bad in health care.
Yeah I don't I Yeah. No thank you. I went to I did go to college but I went for my degree is in writing literature and publishing
very different. I'm not doing anything with that degree but you know sure I have one in
case
I need it. Yeah.
I did. It's
so um growing up in Maine um I grew up mostly in the middle of nowhere. Um
and my graduating class had like 60 some kids. Um and Boston was really the closest big city to us. Um And so of course you know I'd go visit there sometimes. I um you know my dad or my mom would take us on a little trip to go to boston, go to the Museum of Science like whatever and I just like was obsessed with it, I was just like oh my gosh like you can there's other people I've just always been a very people li person and I hated growing up where it's like It's the same like everybody knew who I was, everybody knew my family. If somebody saw me in the grocery store they would ask me how 15 of my relatives were and now I'm thankful that I grew up that way. Um But at the time I was just like oh my god this is
so boring.
So I was
like
yeah and also just the opportunities there, it was the town I lived in was a um logging like paper. They made paper in my town and they logged um
and it was like everybody worked either in that industry or for the hospital or was a teacher and it was like I don't want to do any of those things so I don't know how I'm going to like
make
it here. So um
Yeah I was just like well boston mostly because my mom, I probably if I if I really dared to I probably would have gone to like California or even another country. But my mom is very um home body and she was scared to have me go so far away. And so she's like okay boston is like a good happy medium, like you can be in boston, you'll only be five hours away from me. So yeah, that's why it's my life story. Why why I ended up in boston.
How did you end up in Chicago?
I
mean why is okay.
Yeah. That was one thing I liked about boston to, I didn't have a car when I was in boston but I didn't need one was like the subway and the bus is we're fine and pay $60 a month for unlimited rides and go anywhere you want. I will say though that here in Tucson it's impossible not to have a car even though it's like a bigger city, it's like, I don't know if it's a difference between like when cities were founded I guess like boston's old, you know boston is was most of boston was created before cars and you know, so but out here it's like everything is so spread out, it takes you In a car, it takes you 45 minutes to drive
from one side of Tucson to the other. I didn't realize that Tucson was so big before I moved over here, right? They do have a bus system but I wouldn't
seems
sketchy.
I feel like, yeah, I feel like Tucson kind of as an accidental city in some ways like I don't think a lot of structured planning went into making Tucson um because it does very much feel like stuff just got added on and still it's kind of that experiencing that urban sprawl like and so it's not very not a lot of planning I think went into now now phoenix apparently has a much better system also I think there's a problem of that you can't make things underground very easily here um because it's all sand it. So I think I think that's another problem to also I can't imagine how hot it would be. I mean I guess you could, you could well I guess the subway system, is there a subway system in Chicago?
Oh that's smart, that's
Yeah, I mean we do have um so the University of Arizona is
in Tucson and it's a pretty big university and um
they have like a light rail system, so basically it's mostly just the students use it to be honest. But um they do have like some kind of real system, I don't even know where it goes to be honest with you. I've never been on it. I just know that it's annoying what I'm trying because it goes down the middle of the street, so it's like when I'm trying to drive, you have to move out of the way of the train. That's kind of annoying. But
when I moved out here that you mentioned trains when I moved out here, I don't know what it is. So obviously we have trains in New England, but Out here, the trains are literally like five miles long, like the longest trains I've ever seen in my life where you can't
see the beginning or the end of it. And I don't know if that's just how they transport stuff across the country or what, but It's insane. So like when you were stopped at like one of the train thing is it literally could take like 45 minutes for the train to pass by. It's very, it blows my mind how big trains are here. Yeah. And they like stack them also so like there, you know like the shipping containers, They'll be like two or 3 of them stacked on top of each other. It's insane.
I
kind of want to hitch a ride on one of them. Do people still do that? Is that still a thing?
Like hobos
on train? Yeah.
would love to do that. If only I would live on a train if I could. Just. That's basically what I did when I was in europe, I bought like a year rail pass which gets you on most trains. And so I just jumped train to train traveled around and it was fun.
I
me too
or had connections that make any sense because it's like if I wanted to get to you know if I wanted to go to Maine let's just say I'd have to go like I looked it up once I'd have to go either to like Missouri and then like to Washington D. C. Like it's all weird but or I'd have to go like around the bottom and up. Very strange. Mhm.
so
we're
like
We're like 47 minutes. We're good. Oh you showed back up. I can see you again. I
Hello?
sorry
I
enjoyed talking with you too. It was very fun. Well good luck with your degree and the nice weather. I hope it lasts.
Thank you you too.