SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Change. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Good afternoon. Yeah. Can you
SPEAKER_R: Who
SPEAKER_L: hear
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: me?
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good. How are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: I can't, I'm doing very good as well. I'm so sorry. Let me get my laptop.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Mm hmm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: we're awesome. I'm so sorry for being slightly weight.
SPEAKER_L: That's okay. No, you weren't that late. I know. It takes a minute to get in and everything so perfect. My name is, bob
SPEAKER_R: I'm Dorothy. Really nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you too. Dorothy. And where are you? Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I am from Houston but I'm currently in north Carolina for college.
SPEAKER_L: North Carolina? Okay. What part of north Carolina?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Durham, I go to Duke. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: school then
SPEAKER_R: it's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: is a very good school.
SPEAKER_R: And you where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Jacksonville florida. Just south of youth. Um Did you guys get lots of rain there in Durham?
SPEAKER_R: Uh We we did for a cup for about like two days but it's cleared up and it's absolutely gorgeous right now.
SPEAKER_L: Beautiful day then.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it really is.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because I saw the news on, I think it was Wednesday when you guys were getting all flooded and lots of in that area and it was like we were getting nothing here and I was like, hey the tropical storm is going over us and it rained here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It was all right though I think, especially like coming from Houston and florida, it's like we we've seen flooding and like this wasn't that bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You were in Houston. Were you in Houston when they had the flooding a couple of years ago?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was it was pretty rough.
SPEAKER_L: And how much water did you see there?
SPEAKER_R: Um I am not really sure if I'm going to be honest. Um but it was enough to wear like my house mildly flooded and we like our things were all fine but we had to replace all the floorboards and everything.
SPEAKER_L: So I did come in and come, you know, come up a little bit then.
SPEAKER_R: it did it did,
SPEAKER_L: You hear that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's okay, we're all good now.
SPEAKER_L: So how long you been in um at Duke now?
SPEAKER_R: This is my second year. Um It's I plan on majoring in sociology and minority Nikon. Um It's I love it. Like I I was supposed to like all my life, I was supposed to go to Ut Austin, kind of my my family, my entire family went there like it was cheap, it's close, it's a great school. Um But when I visited Duke I was like this is it?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean it's a prestigious school so it would be hard to pass that one up. Very nice.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um What do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a, I'm like I own a consulting business and I'm in the railroad passenger rail business.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's really
SPEAKER_L: We, yes, we, we worked with different passenger rail companies like back some state railroads, we do the maintenance on their equipment and rebuilds form
SPEAKER_R: I see. I see. How long have you been in that business for?
SPEAKER_L: About a little over 20 years. So about five years ago I went into my own consulting and with some other
SPEAKER_R: maybe.
SPEAKER_L: partners and we built this business up doing, you know, railroad consulting now,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I would have been some of the challenges in doing that, especially during corona.
SPEAKER_L: Corona, it's been really hard because of the contracts are less I would say like Amtrak has run short me um and then it's been a very competitive and you know a lot of the railroads have shut down right now, a lot of the passenger rails but it's starting to rebound so we're getting busier now.
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. With more states are opening up their railroads. Um Do they have one there in Durham? Um
SPEAKER_R: They do. They do, I'm not necessarily sure if it's passenger. Um but I'm almost positive though, because I think one of my friends mentioning he was, he was doing an Amtrak um home this semester, I'm pretty sure there is.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I know Amtrak passes through there, but I mean I know that they have one that runs from rally to charlotte to, that's on the state of north Carolina. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry, Duke was, I believe a couple several years back, one of the companies, I'm not really sure what company wanted to create. Like, um I wanted to build some tracks through during, specifically to really connect the research triangle area between Raleigh Durham and I think charlotte as well to, to really like make it a triangle, but Duke actually shut that down and it was, it was quite disappointing, especially as um, I really think it was a lot of bureaucracy at the top in which like, because Duke is such a huge um, it's just basically like a monopoly in pretty much everything within Durham. Uh they they take care of the transportation business within, like they run a lot of the buses um and something like an Amtrak or train going through really would disrupt the business and they kind of made up a bs excuse of like, oh, it's, the tracks are too close to the hospital, it will impact like um it'll impact the radiology equipment, we don't want that and you know, and the company was very willing to negotiate, they're willing to really change where they were going to go through and they actually did their own research and um the the number was minuscule, like the chances of the there Equipment impacting the Duke radiology equipment was like .002%. Something ridiculous, but dude, still shut it down, which was quite disappointing for a lot of people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because I mean people have, people rely on that. Like you said, you have a friend that writes the train home all the time and you know, it's it's important and you know, our country has led a lot of the you know, infrastructure go down or have not pursued a rail and a lot of areas, but it's starting to pick up now, there's more people that are getting into the private rail um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so that that's going to help and that's gonna more things are going to open up. You guys are right by Virginia. Right,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. We are about a five hour drive. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: To Virginia to bridge like Virginia border. I'm
SPEAKER_R: think so.
SPEAKER_L: trying to picture
SPEAKER_R: About 45.
SPEAKER_L: where remember where Durham is in relationship to like Raleigh and charlotte, you know, I don't think I've ever been through Durham. So is
SPEAKER_R: On
SPEAKER_L: that one um west or is that east coast close to the ocean?
SPEAKER_R: let me pull up a mouth because that is a great question. Um We are more we are more west. No just kidding. We're more east of like slightly northeast of charlotte. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I actually I I think I heard several years back of I was doing some research or someone was talking to me about how a lot of the public infrastructure within the U. S. Is often stopped or not as popular due to like at least in in what I was hearing the Koch brothers really pushing for cars and like pushing against public transportation. Um What I just love to learn more about it. Like I was just hearing about that and seeing how like that corruption is basically impacted like so many other countries like europe love Amtrak and then trains. Whereas the U. S. Were so heavily focused on oil and gas and like private cars.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And yeah, you're right. I think it had to do with the oil industry. The car industry all pushed for cars and less money for you know, people writing public transportation um because they don't make any money if everybody is riding a train or taking buses. So if that's been probably the big push and and now it's gotten so environmental back before before things grew out. You know, cities grew out larger to suburbs, you know? Um It was easier to put the rails in now. It's really
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: hard.
SPEAKER_R: are more games.
SPEAKER_L: Like California is trying to put it in a high speed rail and their biggest issue is environmental. You know, people don't want in their backyard now, but
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: you know it would save people time and money and and good for the environment if they had it in place and they're progressing but it's been a long time, you know that they've been working on this.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: see.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it sounds like you've done some studies in that area and your your minor that you're working on. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That that's really interesting. Um Have have they like how has that been in building your consulting company? Like what have what have you been? Really what are some of the big projects you've been working on recently?
SPEAKER_L: well we're doing some rebuilt for the mbita up in boston rebuilding some of their coach cars and locomotives. Uh rather than rather than spend the money on new equipment, they'd rather have their old equipment refurbished
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: see.
SPEAKER_L: brought back to life. And then we're also looking at some of the private rail companies that are down here. Um Bright Line which is trying to put a rail from Miami to Orlando and helping build, getting their cars ready for that that run. And then they're also trying to build one from L. A. To Las Vegas right now to a high speed rail actually and that one is kicking off the end of this year. So I would say the hard part right now with the coronavirus is is that it's hard to do contract negotiations when people have to be distanced. Everything we're doing is virtual and having virtual meetings doesn't always work when we need to be there to show the equipment and and see the equipment that we're working with.
SPEAKER_R: Really? I see.
SPEAKER_L: Are you having in person classes there in Duke? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So at least this semester a lot of the classes all the classes had some sort of online component as too because a lot of students have taken the semester from home. Um And you know you have to be inclusive of everyone. Two of my classes are in person and then the other two of my classes are some sort of hybrid where we'll meet like once a week in person and the other two or three times a week over. Zoom. It's a bit exhausting. Um Zoom fatigue is very real, especially when you're learning.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Trying to go back and forth between the two and I mean, I'm sure you'd much rather have them all in person classes and
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: that's a better learning method. Yes. Um
SPEAKER_R: Where did you go for undergrad?
SPEAKER_L: I went up in Montana, I went to Montana State and I got
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: my uh, accounting degree. Um that's where I first, I got into accounting and decided that wasn't an area after, you know, I think they do for like seven years. And I said, uh I gotta go back to the railroad. So now actually I kind of incorporated in what I'm doing because I can put bids together, you know, in price projects out, so
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: that's been, it did have that background did help. Mhm. Uh Yeah, what was going to say? I have a daughter who is actually in the Duke type program at Duke University sponsors. Um I don't know if you're familiar with the therapy, but it's a program that they help kids that are um above average and their grades and everything, I say in their abilities and they have different programs for them and they either do uh summer programs where my daughter is gone to a college and spend a couple of weeks there and they put her whole program and it's kind of like early college for them, but it's all sponsored by Duke, which I, you know, have high regards form for that,
SPEAKER_R: Dude is a lot of fun. Um definitely. I think they try to do their best and really pushing towards better education opportunities. Um And college readiness. I think colleges is really something that we and I don't I really don't think high school is all that useful in terms of like real world skills and and teaching yourself and preparing for something so immersive like moving out of state. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But you have to kind of learn on your own. But yeah, if you if you can take a younger kid and you, you know, take them away from their parents for a couple of weeks and you know, there's no communication except for a letter or you know, something, but they take away their electronics and you know, they immerse them in these programs. They they learn a lot from that.
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Um we've been very happy with the programs that they've
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: done. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: they're very well structured and you know, she's a lot of fun and learned a lot along the way. Yeah, it was a shame they didn't have anything this summer because the coronavirus and then a lot of times they have weekend programs where she can go for the weekend and um they learn about environmental stuff, where they learn about science. There's different programs they have that they are done at a college down in Orlando. and so we'll sit down there, you know, let her go to class for the day and you know, she learned something at the same time and you know it's so we have very high regards for the produced for that because it's excellent program that they have. Uh
SPEAKER_R: How old is your daughter? What grade is she in now?
SPEAKER_L: He's now in 8th Grade 13. She's looking to her high school right now actually just did her high school like virtual tours yesterday. She's looking trying to decide which one she wants to go to because she's in a what they call a magnet school here um for gifted kids. And so he's in a college preparatory school right now Through the city they have it. And then so uh for high school they also have a college preparatory where she can take I be starting in 9th grade.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I've is awesome. It's it's a lot of work. I actually um I also went to a magnet school, it was language magnet for high school. We had I think around 11 languages offered, we had a P. A. And I B. I personally didn't do, I be a lot of, a lot of my friends did and like it's it's a lot like i it's a lot of reading and writing. Um I think I remember senior year just hearing like actually juniors in new york seeing and hearing their assignments and how it ramped up. It got very stressful at times as they were writing like 12 to 20 page papers. But like looking back, they've all told me that like college, the transition in college was pretty easy because like they've already done so much of that, you know, they're already so comfortable in communication and reading and writing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And so did you like the you like the A. P. Program though too? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think a P um a piece grade, it's well with just like, I think education system in America, it's very like what you learn is tailored towards the test. Um Yeah, the old, Emily at the end of the, at the end of the year, you're just, everything is supposed to culminate into getting a good score that you can use for college credit. Um And but like then again the tests are structured very well. I think if you do go, I went to a public high school, I'm a big proponent of that. Um And I I have fantastic teachers who really cared and pushed me and like I, yeah, anything A P. I. B. Is just, you're pretty much set.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. And this is done through the public high school, you know, it's done, it's a merit based programs where she you know, she has to compete against the other kids and uh I don't think she'll have a problem there. I just told her, I said you know, if they accept 100 and 50 students, the number one school you want you want to go to, hopefully there's not 100 and 50 who have same scores as you have, which is the max amount. She goes, what are they going to do? And I said, I don't know, I said then maybe you go to your second choice and she goes, well, I want Stanton, which is, you know, it's number three in high schools in the state of florida. You know, it's it's one of the top rated schools, in fact in the nation it's very highly rated uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for their college program. Um She goes I'm automatically can go into the other one which has the A. P. Program. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But she said, you know, I want to go to stand, I want to go to the best school and I'm like, okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: high expectations for herself. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I lost your video, but that's probably might come back. I know you're it was starting to fade out there for a second,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm so sorry.
SPEAKER_L: that's okay, I can still hear you,
SPEAKER_R: awesome. Your video and my video on my screen is like still working awesome.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Yeah, it was like it was like maybe it was the internet, quarter minute, I'll just give it a second back. But yeah, I mean nowadays, I know kids have to prepare well ahead of time for further college because it's so competitive now.
SPEAKER_R: It is, it is very,
SPEAKER_L: And uh so did you find high school stressful and you know
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: hard or
SPEAKER_R: I did. I so I actually grew up in a like very uh asian conservative christian southern household where it was very conservative. It was especially since my parents are immigrants, they very much pushed upon me the values of like education is really like, you know, it's so important is how it's what's gonna put you and put you a step above others and like going to a good college, can can put put you on the right track and really bring new places. Um And they stressed that from a very young age and so by the time I was in high school, it had already kind of been ingrained in me. They never really asked for my grades, they kind of just knew that I would take care of it. I was very much a straight a student. Um I, and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: most
SPEAKER_L: said,
SPEAKER_R: of my friends were definitely helped that my environment was very high achieving. We all, we're doing, um we were doing well in school. We also had like, I think by senior year I was, I was doing just a million extracurriculars. Like I was vice president of the NHS vice president, my dance team, I was in, I was like an executive on my orchestra. I was helping out at church and I was doing a lot of like, other other things outside of school. Um and it was hard, like there there are days and there are moments where like, I think it really takes a toll on you and your mental health. But I look back on like where I am now and the work and effort that I put into high school and I look at a lot of my friends who like, or maybe not my friends, but some of my classmates who like partied a lot in high school and just like relaxed and did okay, but like not enough to really push them towards like top 20 schools and, and I'm so glad that I did all of that to get where I am because I, I know for a fact if I hadn't worked that hard, I wouldn't be, um, I wouldn't be where I am. And so
SPEAKER_L: Or you're at right now? Yeah, so I mean that's good, I mean that's good to know and I see, well it'll pay off, I heard you say you were in NHS and my daughter, she just actually got into NJ HS uh they accepted into that and she thought I said that was a big deal. She was like, I had nothing, I was like, it is something, you know, it's good when people recognize those achievements as you go along and you know, it's it's you know, it's good for them um as we can only stay so much and you know, we're kind of the same kind of family where we pushed achievements and
SPEAKER_R: It's okay.
SPEAKER_L: you know, try your best. You know, that's what, you know, most we can hope for and you know, check her grades every once in a while, just like you said, your parents didn't have to worry about it, needed a week. We just check them every once in a while. But she's been a straight a student since third grade. So I just hope it stays that way. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: sounds
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: like she has a very solid head on her shoulders.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, and like you said it will prepare them for college and that's what I hope, you know, what happened is that they're prepared for that and it's not a shock. So did you go to another college before you went to Duke or you just went straight out from high school? Yeah. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: I did,
SPEAKER_L: narrator, where'd you go before that?
SPEAKER_R: And oh, I went straight into Duke, sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So okay, so you went straight to do? So that's your far from your family. They are they all in Houston,
SPEAKER_R: They are. My family is in Houston. My brother and his wife actually live in Atlanta, so it's kind of nice to have that like medium. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So you can, if you need something, Atlanta is not too far away. It's a
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: drive.
SPEAKER_R: it's business. It is. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: they are.
SPEAKER_R: six hours.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but it's better than Houston which is really far, so if something comes up uh you can easily zip over.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. My brother when he, because actually flew the semester from Atlanta to Duke directly and he, when he dropped me off at the airport, he was just like, see you in a month. Like he fully did not anticipate us to go all the way the semester with Corona. Um, and he was like, I'll pick you up and like we'll drive up there and get you if anything happens. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have they had a lot of cases there at Duke or has it been pretty pretty stable there?
SPEAKER_R: it's been, it's been very stable. I think we've done a fantastic job of really putting in place. A lot of regulations masks are always required um indoors and outdoors, they unfortunately no student organizations are allowed to meet on campus this semester, which has been kind of um kind of rough, like I I really wanted to see a lot of my friends, but I've still been able to like gather in small groups like outside inside um They random, they do surveillance tests um and so you get randomly selected to take a covid test and um so I get tested twice a week. Um Yeah, they definitely do a really great job of like as soon as you get sick, you are notified of the results, they ship you off campus to quarantine and then you do a contact tracing where you let them know of like people you've been in contact with and they take those students and put them in another place off campus, so it's Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It sounds like they got a handle on you know, a good program for it, you know it's safe.
SPEAKER_R: Indeed.
SPEAKER_L: Um How's it how's it with like um different events and stuff you know like I know the college experience is always like you know dances or you know different they have you know theater, you know a variety of events. Is that all canceled or?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty much most of it is, it's been, it was rough at first just like realizing that I couldn't do a lot of the things that I normally do, like I'm in a dance group, I'm in an acapella group and like I couldn't meet with them and really hang out. Um but we've, you know, we've worked around it. Um we will like meet off campus in like socially distance and like sing or hang out together. Um uh You know, there's also a lot of students who kind of just break the rules. A lot of students are living off campus, most of which are greek life and so they also have like parties and get togethers. Um I have done my best to avoid that just because I, I don't want corona, but life goes on.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I understand. That's that's probably the hard part with them with with this in college life is that you miss out on that little part of it there that's especially after you know you've gotten through a semester then it's time to let loose a little bit blind and get ready for the next semester. You know we're after test or something. Um Yeah I mean I bet that's a little hard then
SPEAKER_R: It is, It was, but it's okay. I'm still very grateful. Like I'm so glad that I'm on campus and not doing the semester from home. I could not absolutely do that.
SPEAKER_L: if you find it hard doing it from home because is it hard to concentrate at home or get the stuff done?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's also just, I I think you're missing out on, on the people, right? Like I I'm not Duke really for the network and for the professors and the students and and the opportunities that come from that and when you are taking everything from home and you aren't getting to see people, it's, I think it's just pretty much um completely defeats the purpose of going to Duke. Like despite the fact that there are these regulations, I can't, you know, experienced duke or college as it's supposed to be. I'm still seeing people, you know, I've strengthened a lot of friendships the semester. I've been very intentional and in in like mentorship and getting to know others and I, you can't get that over zoom when you're stuck at home. Like college is more
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: than just learning school wise.
SPEAKER_L: exactly like you said, it's also networking, you know and just being there, being able to talk to professors, get to know them and and also networking with your fellow students and you know something that you're going to take with you for a long time and hopefully this gets better so that you know your next couple of years will be a lot better. You know where you're more in person, are you going to go for a master or you gonna are you are you going to get a master? Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so. I the plan is to just get my, get my bachelors. I will probably go into consulting because that's where a lot of Duke students go into after college. I'll do that for a couple of years whatever takes me. And then I would like, I mean this is this is the plan. Once again, Lord knows where I'm going to be, but after a couple of years of consulting, going back to school, getting, getting a J. D. And then working for a non profit and then hopefully eventually running a nonprofit. But we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. You've got some good goals there. I mean, I think that's great. Um Yeah, it sounds like you're you're more into like wanting to help people and stuff and and what is your what what kind of nonprofit you're looking for to work for?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not really sure. I think that's where like the gap between law school and an underground um is coming in handy. I I plan on taking what those four or five years to like experience life as not an underground sheltered in a little bubble um work, work, see how that goes and really explore like what cult like what I'm cooking called towards as well as organizations that I really like because I know that like not every nonprofit is as as wholly or like as as kind as they are out to be.
SPEAKER_L: That's probably true. But that's what I will agree with.
SPEAKER_R: Harry. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But uh
SPEAKER_R: think I think we've got hit the 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: I think we did it, Yep, we did almost 30 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Fantastic.
SPEAKER_L: So we're very close. Yeah. Very good. Is this the first time? How many times have you done these now?
SPEAKER_R: Um This is actually my seventh time. I've done a lot of these.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I want this. You're my six times. So yes. Uh you just match yourself out now.
SPEAKER_R: I don't I don't.
SPEAKER_L: I think they're always very interesting and you meet somebody that, you know, you never would have thought you would have met and get to see how the conversation goes and you know, and go from there, you know, So it's good and I'm glad to have met today. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you so much for your time.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. And you have a good evening there and stay safe.
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: And I was
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: say adios! Now
SPEAKER_R: a good day. Bye.