Yes. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Change. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Good afternoon. Yeah. Can you
hear
me?
Yeah. Good. How are you doing?
All right. Mm hmm. Mhm.
That's okay. No, you weren't that late. I know. It takes a minute to get in and everything so perfect. My name is, bob
nice to meet you too. Dorothy. And where are you? Where are you from?
North Carolina? Okay. What part of north Carolina?
school then
is a very good school.
I'm in Jacksonville florida. Just south of youth. Um Did you guys get lots of rain there in Durham?
Beautiful day then.
Yeah. Because I saw the news on, I think it was Wednesday when you guys were getting all flooded and lots of in that area and it was like we were getting nothing here and I was like, hey the tropical storm is going over us and it rained here. Yeah.
Yeah. You were in Houston. Were you in Houston when they had the flooding a couple of years ago?
And how much water did you see there?
So I did come in and come, you know, come up a little bit then.
You hear that? Yeah.
So how long you been in um at Duke now?
Yeah. I mean it's a prestigious school so it would be hard to pass that one up. Very nice.
I'm a, I'm like I own a consulting business and I'm in the railroad passenger rail business.
We, yes, we, we worked with different passenger rail companies like back some state railroads, we do the maintenance on their equipment and rebuilds form
About a little over 20 years. So about five years ago I went into my own consulting and with some other
partners and we built this business up doing, you know, railroad consulting now,
Corona, it's been really hard because of the contracts are less I would say like Amtrak has run short me um and then it's been a very competitive and you know a lot of the railroads have shut down right now, a lot of the passenger rails but it's starting to rebound so we're getting busier now.
Uh huh. With more states are opening up their railroads. Um Do they have one there in Durham? Um
Okay, I know Amtrak passes through there, but I mean I know that they have one that runs from rally to charlotte to, that's on the state of north Carolina. Yeah.
Yeah. Go ahead.
Yeah, because I mean people have, people rely on that. Like you said, you have a friend that writes the train home all the time and you know, it's it's important and you know, our country has led a lot of the you know, infrastructure go down or have not pursued a rail and a lot of areas, but it's starting to pick up now, there's more people that are getting into the private rail um
so that that's going to help and that's gonna more things are going to open up. You guys are right by Virginia. Right,
To Virginia to bridge like Virginia border. I'm
trying to picture
where remember where Durham is in relationship to like Raleigh and charlotte, you know, I don't think I've ever been through Durham. So is
that one um west or is that east coast close to the ocean?
Yeah.
Right. And yeah, you're right. I think it had to do with the oil industry. The car industry all pushed for cars and less money for you know, people writing public transportation um because they don't make any money if everybody is riding a train or taking buses. So if that's been probably the big push and and now it's gotten so environmental back before before things grew out. You know, cities grew out larger to suburbs, you know? Um It was easier to put the rails in now. It's really
hard.
Like California is trying to put it in a high speed rail and their biggest issue is environmental. You know, people don't want in their backyard now, but
you know it would save people time and money and and good for the environment if they had it in place and they're progressing but it's been a long time, you know that they've been working on this.
So
I mean it sounds like you've done some studies in that area and your your minor that you're working on. Yeah,
well we're doing some rebuilt for the mbita up in boston rebuilding some of their coach cars and locomotives. Uh rather than rather than spend the money on new equipment, they'd rather have their old equipment refurbished
and
brought back to life. And then we're also looking at some of the private rail companies that are down here. Um Bright Line which is trying to put a rail from Miami to Orlando and helping build, getting their cars ready for that that run. And then they're also trying to build one from L. A. To Las Vegas right now to a high speed rail actually and that one is kicking off the end of this year. So I would say the hard part right now with the coronavirus is is that it's hard to do contract negotiations when people have to be distanced. Everything we're doing is virtual and having virtual meetings doesn't always work when we need to be there to show the equipment and and see the equipment that we're working with.
Are you having in person classes there in Duke? Yeah.
Uh huh. Trying to go back and forth between the two and I mean, I'm sure you'd much rather have them all in person classes and
that's a better learning method. Yes. Um
I went up in Montana, I went to Montana State and I got
my uh, accounting degree. Um that's where I first, I got into accounting and decided that wasn't an area after, you know, I think they do for like seven years. And I said, uh I gotta go back to the railroad. So now actually I kind of incorporated in what I'm doing because I can put bids together, you know, in price projects out, so
that's been, it did have that background did help. Mhm. Uh Yeah, what was going to say? I have a daughter who is actually in the Duke type program at Duke University sponsors. Um I don't know if you're familiar with the therapy, but it's a program that they help kids that are um above average and their grades and everything, I say in their abilities and they have different programs for them and they either do uh summer programs where my daughter is gone to a college and spend a couple of weeks there and they put her whole program and it's kind of like early college for them, but it's all sponsored by Duke, which I, you know, have high regards form for that,
But you have to kind of learn on your own. But yeah, if you if you can take a younger kid and you, you know, take them away from their parents for a couple of weeks and you know, there's no communication except for a letter or you know, something, but they take away their electronics and you know, they immerse them in these programs. They they learn a lot from that.
Mhm. Um we've been very happy with the programs that they've
done. I mean,
they're very well structured and you know, she's a lot of fun and learned a lot along the way. Yeah, it was a shame they didn't have anything this summer because the coronavirus and then a lot of times they have weekend programs where she can go for the weekend and um they learn about environmental stuff, where they learn about science. There's different programs they have that they are done at a college down in Orlando. and so we'll sit down there, you know, let her go to class for the day and you know, she learned something at the same time and you know it's so we have very high regards for the produced for that because it's excellent program that they have. Uh
He's now in 8th Grade 13. She's looking to her high school right now actually just did her high school like virtual tours yesterday. She's looking trying to decide which one she wants to go to because she's in a what they call a magnet school here um for gifted kids. And so he's in a college preparatory school right now Through the city they have it. And then so uh for high school they also have a college preparatory where she can take I be starting in 9th grade.
And so did you like the you like the A. P. Program though too? Mhm.
Okay. Yeah. And this is done through the public high school, you know, it's done, it's a merit based programs where she you know, she has to compete against the other kids and uh I don't think she'll have a problem there. I just told her, I said you know, if they accept 100 and 50 students, the number one school you want you want to go to, hopefully there's not 100 and 50 who have same scores as you have, which is the max amount. She goes, what are they going to do? And I said, I don't know, I said then maybe you go to your second choice and she goes, well, I want Stanton, which is, you know, it's number three in high schools in the state of florida. You know, it's it's one of the top rated schools, in fact in the nation it's very highly rated uh
for their college program. Um She goes I'm automatically can go into the other one which has the A. P. Program. Um
But she said, you know, I want to go to stand, I want to go to the best school and I'm like, okay. Mhm.
Yeah, I lost your video, but that's probably might come back. I know you're it was starting to fade out there for a second,
that's okay, I can still hear you,
okay. Yeah, it was like it was like maybe it was the internet, quarter minute, I'll just give it a second back. But yeah, I mean nowadays, I know kids have to prepare well ahead of time for further college because it's so competitive now.
And uh so did you find high school stressful and you know
hard or
I
said,
Or you're at right now? Yeah, so I mean that's good, I mean that's good to know and I see, well it'll pay off, I heard you say you were in NHS and my daughter, she just actually got into NJ HS uh they accepted into that and she thought I said that was a big deal. She was like, I had nothing, I was like, it is something, you know, it's good when people recognize those achievements as you go along and you know, it's it's you know, it's good for them um as we can only stay so much and you know, we're kind of the same kind of family where we pushed achievements and
you know, try your best. You know, that's what, you know, most we can hope for and you know, check her grades every once in a while, just like you said, your parents didn't have to worry about it, needed a week. We just check them every once in a while. But she's been a straight a student since third grade. So I just hope it stays that way. Mhm.
In
there.
Yeah, I mean, and like you said it will prepare them for college and that's what I hope, you know, what happened is that they're prepared for that and it's not a shock. So did you go to another college before you went to Duke or you just went straight out from high school? Yeah. Okay,
narrator, where'd you go before that?
Okay. So okay, so you went straight to do? So that's your far from your family. They are they all in Houston,
So you can, if you need something, Atlanta is not too far away. It's a
drive.
but
they are.
Yeah, but it's better than Houston which is really far, so if something comes up uh you can easily zip over.
Yeah. Have they had a lot of cases there at Duke or has it been pretty pretty stable there?
It sounds like they got a handle on you know, a good program for it, you know it's safe.
Um How's it how's it with like um different events and stuff you know like I know the college experience is always like you know dances or you know different they have you know theater, you know a variety of events. Is that all canceled or?
Yeah I understand. That's that's probably the hard part with them with with this in college life is that you miss out on that little part of it there that's especially after you know you've gotten through a semester then it's time to let loose a little bit blind and get ready for the next semester. You know we're after test or something. Um Yeah I mean I bet that's a little hard then
if you find it hard doing it from home because is it hard to concentrate at home or get the stuff done?
Well
exactly like you said, it's also networking, you know and just being there, being able to talk to professors, get to know them and and also networking with your fellow students and you know something that you're going to take with you for a long time and hopefully this gets better so that you know your next couple of years will be a lot better. You know where you're more in person, are you going to go for a master or you gonna are you are you going to get a master? Yes.
Nice. You've got some good goals there. I mean, I think that's great. Um Yeah, it sounds like you're you're more into like wanting to help people and stuff and and what is your what what kind of nonprofit you're looking for to work for?
That's probably true. But that's what I will agree with.
But uh
I think we did it, Yep, we did almost 30 minutes.
So we're very close. Yeah. Very good. Is this the first time? How many times have you done these now?
Yeah, I want this. You're my six times. So yes. Uh you just match yourself out now.
I think they're always very interesting and you meet somebody that, you know, you never would have thought you would have met and get to see how the conversation goes and you know, and go from there, you know, So it's good and I'm glad to have met today. Uh huh.
Thank you. And you have a good evening there and stay safe.
And I was
say adios! Now