SPEAKER_L: Carolina. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Mhm. Yeah, I want to thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. Hey there.
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: What are you? Higher?
SPEAKER_R: Sorry I'm late.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, no worries.
SPEAKER_R: I have a few
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: technical difficulties but I'm here now.
SPEAKER_L: Who? Yeah, computers. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So we're just supposed to chat about anything
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: in particular or what?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, we can we can talk about whatever we want, you know? So uh usually uh people like to talk about, you know, ask you to other questions, find out, you know, a little bit about the person, you know, where they're from, uh what they do, you know, whatever you feel like talking about, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well you you start
SPEAKER_L: All right, well, I'm gonna start, I'll tell you a little bit about myself, my name is Terry by the way, so high
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and uh I'm in florida, I'm a florida native actually for my generation, which is kind of uncommon. Most people, most of my friends and family have moved out of florida. My brother lives in Maine to give you an idea of what's what's more common and uh but uh I've been in florida. I've lived in florida almost all my life. I did I did leave for a couple of years, lived in Kentucky for about a year and a half, almost two years and then came back, I was 98-2000, came back in 2000. And uh so I've been here Better part of 50 years. Yeah. And uh just me and you'll probably show up in at some point. He's running around. I have a cat who lives with me. He likes to hang out on the back of my chair here a lot of time. So so help me show up. And uh yeah, currently, uh thanks to Covid, I'm working from home, which is, you know, driving me nuts. But I mean it's you know, very getting sick. So so doing that. I'm a collective story person. I've worked at humane societies. I've worked at factories, call centers, bookstore, assist manager of bookstore back in the nineties when? Well there he is my
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: boy. So um yeah, just kind of uh little bit of everything in my life and just kind of just right now doing what it takes to make ends meet doing things like this just to kind of make a little bit extra money to help pay the bills. So tell me a little bit about you.
SPEAKER_R: So I am in Utah, I'm Danny.
SPEAKER_L: Danny, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: I've lived in Utah most of my life similar. I was born in California though, so I'm not mormon, not one of those weird people. Um They're not weird, they're very nice but um I'm also working from home. I'm an insurance agent. I've worked for the same agency since I was 19 years old and I'm in my 30s now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Cool.
SPEAKER_R: so but this year has definitely changed things quite a bit. I was the working mom. My husband was the stay at home dad. I had the stable job Throughout like the 2008 downturn and crash. He was in construction and so at that time was kind of when our roles changed and so I was working in the office hardly home And now come 2020 and March and you know everything kind of just stopped and luckily we've learned that I what I do I can do from home. So it opened my boss's eyes too, the fact that I actually worked better from home. So there's been a little bit of a silver lining with that. I am the same though in the beginning it drove me crazy because I'm a super social person. You want to talk to people. I like to be out of the house. Um, so in the beginning I went nuts like roller coaster, like good days, bad days a little bit more. Even killed her now. But um, where, where we are at, Nobody believes that Covid is real. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So that's, that's hard for me because the world is still going on around me here, like everyone still is having get togethers and we're still having networking meeting stuff that I used to do that I just don't go to anymore because I believe science. So yeah, everyone
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: here, they just, they get the total hoax, so
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy. It's not that bad here. Um It's not that bad where I live again, I'm in florida and florida is kinda like a mixed bag or Yeah, I mean we have a bigger, I won't say big cities but we have our bigger cities, we have understanding of science and all that. And then you go 30 30 miles from the big city into the backwoods and yeah, I mean there that I mean honestly, you know, there are towns, uh, you know where it's still not a good idea to be in uh after dark if you're not white, you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I never think that about florida, but I hear that often.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's uh well, you know like I said, florida is a mixed bag because we do have a lot of Northeastern influence. Yeah. All the retirees come down and then their families, they're younger families because florida used to be basically it was the residents and then the snowbirds and then the retirees move down full time. You know, once I got tired of the winners, you know, and that's that's how it was when I was growing up. And then in the 90's like the families of of the snowbirds start, you know, because they would come down to christmas and visit during christmas and it was 70 degrees on christmas day or you know, 75 degrees on christmas and they're like, this is nice, wow. You know, we could we could live like this. So they start moving down, you know, I mean my parents were from New Jersey. Both of my parents were born in Jersey, my dad was in the Navy, so he got transferred to Jacksonville florida and that's where when I was born and then he got transferred to Key west and my my brother was born a year later and then he retired from the Navy then. Um, but both of my parents hated the cold weather or my dad hated cold weather. My mom liked like snow. She just hated like up
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: north, you know, being dark all the time and you know, dreary and all that. She like the sunshine. So so for them staying in florida was was a no brainer and of course it's a lot cheaper living here than it was live in New Jersey on top
SPEAKER_R: Nothing
SPEAKER_L: of that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: one,
SPEAKER_L: cost of living is, you know, like New Jersey, new york, especially new york state, but you know, even Jersey pennsylvania, it's way more uh the moving down here, you don't get paid as much, you know, the pay rates not as much, but comparatively it's still still a better deal because we don't
SPEAKER_R: Utah,
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: the east coast, a
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: lot of transplants but still kind of all way of thinking but lots of sunshine.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so yeah, yeah, we we definitely have both sides. We do have like the more quote unquote modern and then we have the, You know, not so modern stuck in the sec in the past, like in the 50s or 40s way of thinking about things and um yeah so we we do see some of that, you know like what you're doing where people just think it's not real or if they only it's a hoax, I think it's blown out proportion. Oh it's not that bad, you know? I get the flu every year. What? Okay go right ahead, you go ahead and get that Covid and you stay
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: away from
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: me, you know? So it's yeah it's uh yeah like you uh I it's funny because like my group of friends, I'm like the one extra hurt, like all my friends are introverts, so they're mostly okay, well you know just staying at home all the time. Uh I mean it's impacting them too because you know, you know what introverts, you know they like to be around other people were just on their terms, you know, as they need. And this is a little bit, you know, taking that, you know, silver choice, but it's kind of the urgency of it's taking the choice out of their hands. Yeah. So it's hard on them too. But for me it is. Yeah. Like you said, especially at first the first couple of months we're just oh my God. I
SPEAKER_R: What is going on? Yeah, just
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: kind of, can I have my life back? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And uh yeah, it's gotten easier. You know, I've adapted to it's still not easy. It's I mean it's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: still like, you know, I'm done, I'm ready for this to be over. You know, get that vaccine out here so I can take the, you know, sign me up with the vaccine. I'll take it, you know, that's, you know, start living life a little bit more. I mean, I'll be honest, I'm uh they opened up the movie theaters a couple months ago and I've been going to theaters, but I don't, you know, like before I make the drive to the theater, I check the seating arrangements again, if there's too many people I cancel my, take it, you know, I'll try again tomorrow, I'll go, you know?
SPEAKER_R: so I actually went to a concert about almost two weeks ago and I was a big concert go. Er So um we have this like outdoor amphitheater here locally, it's called to a con. Um They had to shut down all of their shows um because of Covid for the summer and so now that the governor has opened things up, like you can have as many people gather as you want, but you all have to be wearing, that's that's kind of the law here. Um So they I thought that they would put distance between people, like, I don't know, I just was naive and my thinking, but um we get there and it was jam packed. Uh Everyone was wearing the mask to get in, but of course, you know when you're all sitting, everyone's taking him off and not putting them back on and come to find out the artist, he was a country music artist in lee brice um about halfway through his set. He couldn't sing anymore. And I made a joke like, I bet U. S. Covid the next day my husband sees an article that he had dropped out of the like, country music awards because he tested positive for Covid. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: And he was like throwing his guitar picks out into the crowd. And and it just made me feel like I shouldn't have been there, first of all. Like, I just got excited because it was like, look, we can do real life stuff. Well, bad. The whole time I was there, I was mad at the people around me because they were just taking their masks off, not respecting others. And then for that to come out, it was just, it just blew me away because nobody really cares about other people's safety. And then I was feeling bad because I was like, I didn't think of my own safety. I just was ignorant and kind of following the crowd. And it's funny because the non believers of Covid here, they call us believer sheep, you know, where the people, uh,
SPEAKER_L: right.
SPEAKER_R: okay. And like I've had people, even friends post like when I post a selfie and I have my mask on, you know, being all cute, I'll have like friends of friends that will put like, bah, like, you
SPEAKER_L: Power.
SPEAKER_R: know? Yeah. And so I don't know. I felt like, oh my gosh, like who's the sheep? I don't know me or that. Yeah. So working from home is definitely a learning curve I guess as far as I'm an extrovert, but I, I mean, but this has turned me into kind of an introvert. Like now I'm like, I don't want to go outside, I don't
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: want to pull anymore. We're pants, you know, like, so so it goes, but how long have you been working from home?
SPEAKER_L: Um We we we started going we we translated from home in um March 17, So so
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: eight months, eight months today. Eight months today.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, wow, where did those eight months ago?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know, right. Because like the first two months took forever, The first two months for like eight months. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I actually just thinking about, Okay, so my birthday September 17, so my birthday was two months ago today and it seems like maybe four weeks tops. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: we're just kind of scary because then I was like, wait, am I getting used to this because I don't want to get used to
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: know, I think are though, I think we are conditioned now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, I mean, and and that's one of the strengths of humans as we do adapt. Yeah. We, you know, we learned to adapt involved and you know, adjust to things, but I don't want to get used to this. I do not want this to be the new normal. I mean, for the short term fine. Yeah. I mean, I know it's gonna be another six months to a year, probably before things are mostly closer to getting normal again. Um Like uh you know, you were talking about your concert like here, um you know, our our governor more or less opened up everything, but they're still um every municipality because again we're florida, so we don't like telling everybody what to do. Yeah. So every city gets to set the guidelines on their own. They, there are a few statewide guidelines themselves to follow. Um, and I know like with concerts and other events like that, they're doing what they call pods were, so basically, you know, get together with a group of friends, whatever. You can get like six or 8, 10, 12 seats together. But then every podcast have six ft between them and the next pod. Um, because I have a couple friends of mine who lives up in Jacksonville. There's a place up there called Daily's place, which, you know, like the one you went to his open air amphitheater. Uh, and they're doing pods and you know, you can get up to like 10 or 12 people together. But yeah, you have to buy your tickets together at the same time. So they
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: know you're, that you all are together, you're taking responsibility that who are you going with? You know? Yeah, you have to sign away. You were saying that if you get Covid, you know, contact there,
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: you're not you're not holding them responsible and you know, and mass are required. And you know what, I'm sure like the situation you're in when the lights go out, probably most, most of us come off anyways, but at least it's open air, it's ventilated and the science is showing that ventilation is very useful in keeping people, you know, it's in close spaces where where, you know, the aerosol transmission is the most dangerous. So this is open air. So, you know, um because a friend of mine asked actually said, hey, you know, if you want to come up, you can spend the night because Jacksonville was like, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I could drive up with Jacksonville, catch the show and come back with their problem. It's it's only about two hours, but
SPEAKER_R: that's not bad.
SPEAKER_L: but he was like, hey, you know, I guess very busy doing, he's gonna come up, you can crash, okay, think about it. You know, because there's a couple of shows coming up in december. That was, you know, one or two, at least one or two of, you know, I wouldn't mind going to C. C. So I'm thinking about it, you know? But I want to give it another couple of weeks before and and just just see what happens.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's a
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: see it.
SPEAKER_R: are surging again, so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. See the surgeons are going to continue. It's a temporary thing. Of course. We got the holidays, we got thanksgiving coming up and you know, you know, there's gonna be some super spreader events going on there, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, I'm it's one time I'm thankful to have a small family, I don't have a ton of family and my mom and my dad and that's my kids and my husband, that's about it. And so we're not one of those families that like we're all around each other all the time and we all take precautions, so luckily I don't have to deal with any family members that are naysayers or non believers, but yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My family is mostly spread out. I mean, I do have family here in florida, but it's like cousins and we're not super close and, you know, so I'm not gonna get invited to the thanksgiving, which even if I what I was saying, yeah, thanks, thanks. But I think I'm I think I'll play it safe this year, you know?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. You've got calendars, makes a good dinner,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm actually gonna get together uh not tomorrow about thursday, a couple friends and I are going to get together and do a little pizza movie party, but
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but but we're all, you know, I mean, we're wearing masks. Uh 11 girl, she she works at the factory, but she's an engineer, so she's not like, I mean, she's hardly
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: around anyone else, and when she's on the floor, she's wearing a mask. So she's comfortable. She she's been saying she's like one of the smartest people I know, so like if she says she's being safe, I'm confident being around her and the other people uh to other people myself, we're all working from home and barely going out. So you know, I go to the groceries once, maybe twice a week, I grabbed takeout from restaurants a couple times a week and I go to the movie twice a week, you know? So
SPEAKER_R: you got your normalcy somehow
SPEAKER_L: Oh, absolutely. I mean, I'm a big movie person, I love movies and I've seen them on the
SPEAKER_R: Witness
SPEAKER_L: big screen. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: So um
SPEAKER_R: nothing like it. Like that's like all this like streaming that I've been doing all these months, It's not the same. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, don't get me wrong, I love my streaming. I was I was doing one of these chats yesterday, I was talking to a girl and I told her I'm like, you know, thank God this happened now, and not like 10,
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: 10, 15 years ago when we didn't have the technology to stream. And the video chat, I mean video chat was around 15 years ago, I was doing it, but it was most people didn't have microphones on their computer. So you can you see each other, but you still be chatting and text. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yep. I
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: know it turned
SPEAKER_L: which
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: is not the same because I mean, you know, seeing somebody's great, but actually hearing the voice and having a live conversation, I mean, makes a lot differently. And my friends and I mean, you know, we've all totally embraced, you know, uh moving everything online. We do a lot of like tabletop gaming board games and card games and all that. And I mean, you can actually play some of these games online, some we play over the the video chat and we have like a virtual board and some of you actually there's digital versions actually play. And
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: stay
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: connected. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: lisa is that thank God for that. Because I can't imagine. I mean, you know they talk about the spanish flu which happened 100 years ago and you know I mean Yeah, you know how they get through that you know of trying to isolate and all that. Well, I mean sad thing is a lot of them didn't and that's why you know like 20% of the world's population or 15% of world population died during that year, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What percent are we have right now?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm not even sure. You know, it's uh you know worldwide I know it's a few percent, you know, So thank God for that. But yeah, I mean I think we're nowhere near you know Like the Spanish flu was because I mean like I said that was like I think 12 or 15% of the world's population died within like an eight-month period. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Well, I mean my best friend, we placed, I never thought of that because we play scrabble scrabble go or something back and forth, but I kind of like the idea of just doing that, but like live together because it does feel there's a disconnect there. So I like I never even thought to do that so I might have to do that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean there's different ways you can do it like a lot of games we do, we actually just do like voice chat, we don't even do the video chat because because not everybody has,
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: friend?
SPEAKER_L: all Australian plus, you said you can walk around in your pants, you know, about your pants on or whatever. So um but that way, you know, we were playing their games online through the website or whatever and then we're chatting at the same time. Yes, everybody, you know, so it's fun, you get to tease each other when somebody does does poorly on the move or get the bad guy role or whatever or you know, somebody doesn't make the play, it's really good. Yeah, you can congratulate you know, that that camaraderie is there? Yeah, I mean it's not the same but it's almost like being in person, you know, and it does help, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And you don't get to see each other often enough, so. Oh, that's good. I might have to make her do that. I always say she cheats so that might be I stop using your travel Word app. I don't appreciate that. There's no way you know what that word was.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I have a friend of mine and she uh she lives in California, she's an online friend I've done like since the nineties. And it's funny because we fell out of touch and then like 10 years later just randomly ran into each other on social social media, I'm like wait a second, aren't you? So and so he was like holy shit, oh my God, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and she's probably the smartest person. I know, and she just throws these words at me, I'm just like and I know she's not I know
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: she's not cheating but I always see that I'm like you're making up words, that's not a real word. Well
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: if I
SPEAKER_R: really, really you couldn't like hold back a little.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and and then she'll hit me with like three or four, you know, the other couple weeks ago, she hit like three or four scrambles in the row. Like one of, you know, like in five plays, you had four scrambles and I'm just like, okay, you're cheating. You have you have to program somehow. I don't know. Yeah. And because she actually is, she's small enough that, you know, she wanted to she could hack the program. I mean, I know she wouldn't, but, you know, you know, if she wanted to, she could hide the program and find a way to, you know, you know, set it up like that. Yeah. So I always teach what was that like? Almost not playing with, you know, I don't mind losing as long as there's
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: a fun game, but you know,
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: stop
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: kicking my ass all the time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: For chat would be nice, like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I yeah, I was looking at her stats the other day and she does, she wins like about 60% of the games to my 40% you know, which is fine, you know, I mean, it's close enough to almost half and half. So I mean, I don't mind losing as long as I don't get my ass kicked every single time, you know, when somebody mean by 100 or more points again, every single time, I'm just like, yeah, that's it, I'm done. Yeah, that's not funny more. I'm competitive enough that that that's a problem. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Love it. That's awesome. Your cat looks like my cat, but I don't know where she is. They look very similar. I was just saying to Abby
SPEAKER_L: his name is Ruckus, Come every everybody. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. He likes to be held about as much as mine does. Oh yes. Hi kitty. Hi. He looks just like my cat. I wish she was here. Her name is Katie witty.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, his name is Marcus, but I usually call him Rocky and
SPEAKER_R: His coach.
SPEAKER_L: He always, he always looks at the change in one. you know, when I'm talking to my friends online or whatever, you know, he'll he'll he'll he'll start talking and they can hear them so they'll
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: they'll start calling his name and he'll he'll be talking back. Yeah. Uh I'm a friend who is an artist um he does a twitch stream twice a week and he does like online art or something. Like last night he did lego Bill because he's in the leg of the stairs, so you know, a couple times a month to do lego bill. But the last time he does artwork and hell yeah, so he does the art, it's mostly digital so he streams it to stream and we can see what he's doing. He talks about the process and when he does something he didn't like it has a race it or redo it we'll talk about that, you know, so it's really interesting. Um But he is a he is a orange tabby cat named Freddie. And Freddie makes at least one appearance every night that he's on sometimes two or three. And so we're all you know like you know it was T scott like okay the art school but we're here for friday. Where's friday? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Pretty is the star of the show, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I like that. Yeah I'm an animal lover so I can appreciate that. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I um I I actually adopted him. He was a um I mentioned earlier I worked at a humane society and I worked there for about 12 years, almost 13 years From 2004, uh 2 and four, early 2017. and um So it was a small facility, an old building. The first buildings were built back in like 1960s, And we have one old building since been torn down. But um I adopted him back in 2012, so eight years ago and at the time that building was still there and we just used it for storage. It was just basically basically this junk because because people would bring out stuff that, you know, they're cleaning out the house, they didn't get the shelter if you guys have your tell, you can tell it make some money and we'd sit in there and then, yeah, yard sales were a few part between or we forget about it, you know, or we have enough stuff to sell anyways. So just junk built up, feral cats live on the property. And uh there was this one black cat, she kept getting pregnant. I kept, you know, every chance I could, I would catch, I was and we bring them in and interact with them and get the music people so we can adopt them out. Um, so she hated me and this is really weird. So I'm cleaning the dog kennels one day and the dog kennels are like real close to that old building. So she comes over running towards me, I've got all the dogs penned on the inside because we had like little sliding doors so we can put the dogs on the inside so we can clean the outside and then you put them on the outside so you can clean it inside so you can scrub out the floors and use bleach and all that and not worry about the dogs getting sick or whatever. So I'm cleaning outside and I see her and she's staring at me and then she turns away and runs away. Which okay she saw me, I'm the guy who kept catching her kittens. She always ran from me. So I think I think of it five minutes later, you know, I turned around again and she's staring at me again from the almost the same spot where she had been staring at me before and then she ran to that building. I knew she was, you know, I knew that was one of the areas where she kept her kids when she would have them, you know because it was shelter because this was it was still summer, this was early september, you know? And uh so the second time I'm like okay that's kind of weird, but I'm busy, I got work to do, I got things to do this, I went back and then the third time I'm like okay something's going on here because she's making a point of getting my attention like staring at me because the third time I I felt it like my hair is the back of my head started, you know? Kind of prickly like, so I followed her so she runs in the building and I go inside and like that is full of junk. So I'm navigating through and I hear you, I'm like, oh no, it was a kidney and now I think he's hurt, you know, right? And we had a barrel, it was a cardboard barrel, but it was like, you know, just the standard size of a barrel. And uh there was a lid, but the lid was askew and the music is coming out there. So I go over and I pulled the lid aside and little guy about, you know, three weeks old maybe, you know,
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: and he looks up by me and he hisses, I'm like, really? Yeah, really?
SPEAKER_R: your life?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm here to help out your head, okay, pal. So, real slowly I'm talking buddy, it's okay. So real slowly reach my hands in and I stopped when they're about six inches, so give him a chance that you know, he's going to freak out, he's gonna freak out and I'll back off at that point, you know, and try to figure something else out and he just kind of looked at me and hissed again and that was it. I'm like okay. So I slowly grab him and pick him up and held him up to about here. And he looked at me, hissed one more time and that was it. That was all the hissing. Yeah, from that point you just like, okay, I'm all right,
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just had to let you know I'm boss, so
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: Iowa
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you didn't hurt me. So I guess we're okay and yeah, so I took him
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: in and
SPEAKER_R: barrel. Oh my gosh. And she called me to come and save her baby.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, like that was really weird because I'm the one who kept grabbing
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: her baby, you know, from previous letters, I would grab her babies and take him in. And I mean every time I would catch him, she would chase after me, run after me and you know, his his and cattle wall a little bit and I take him inside the shelter and she's standing at the door. And I mean if someone came nearer, she'd run off because she was completely feral. I mean, yeah, there was no way we uh we we actually caught caught her once when she first showed up on the property, um because we thought maybe somebody dropped her off, like, you know, like a straight in the middle and not straight, but or maybe they found it was Australia or it was there can and, you know, they came out of the middle night and just dropped her off in the property because people would do that too. But usually if they were pets, they would just, you know they'd still be hanging around and you know especially cats, sometimes we have to win over the trust. Is there a dog they just be at the front door going, hey how you doing? I'm waiting for you? Yeah what do I do? Um Yeah, so so we actually did catch her one time. We actually had to set up a trap and catch her when we put her, we had a uh area where the public wasn't allowed for. Like if we had a sick cat who need to be quarantined or cats who needed a little extra time rehab whatever, so we put her down there, but she was so fair. Like I mean every morning like her
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: cage was a complete mess, you
SPEAKER_R: recruit
SPEAKER_L: know just because she was constantly trying to escape and all that and
SPEAKER_R: now?
SPEAKER_L: when we tried to interact with her would get bit or called up real bad. So it was just like we wanted to get her spayed so she wouldn't procreate. But um you know we called the vet and they're like yeah you know we only do cats like that, you know once a month you'll have to wait till next month and we're like and that's not fair to her. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: doesn't want to be in this cage. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: not that long. I mean it was a week or so fine, we'd make her suffer, you know, let her suffer and deal with it, you know? But so so we just let her out again and then unfortunately other cats showed up and started meeting with her and
SPEAKER_R: You got ruckus out of it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I brought him home, It was October of 2000. Yeah, so he was right, barely eight weeks old when I brought him home. And uh I have this picture of him because he used to get on my shoulder, he would fall asleep on my shoulder. I'd be sitting here in my chair and on my shoulder and I'd be watching TV or doing something computer and he'd be asleep and so I'd have to like every time I moved around you had to keep my shoulder even so you wouldn't fall off, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: sweet.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, he's my little buddy. When when I adopted him, I actually had a couple other cats. Um um and then about six months after I brought home a dog from the shelter shape in there for several years and she was terrified of people. And yeah, she was never going to get adopted out. We were no kill. I mean we we would not put it down to the animal just because, you know, we needed the room or knowing the dots in a certain amount of time. We only euthanized for health reasons if they had a health condition or Yeah, it wasn't fair to them to, you know,
SPEAKER_R: suffering.
SPEAKER_L: you keep living like that, you know, we will put them down for that. But yeah, so her name was smiling because she was smile um you know, and the dogs that smile, it looks like, you know, it's the same, the same facial expressions bearing the keys. So a lot of people feel think they're being mean, you know, and they're not, you know, but she had been abused, she was terrified of people and So I brought her home and she she just passed away a couple years ago. Um she was she was probably she was a pit bull mix and she was probably somewhere around 12 to 14 years old, which is about what you can expect for picnics in the first place. So, But but yeah, so she she lived with me from adopted her in February 2013 and she passed away and uh christmas 2017. So I actually christmas either the day before I I made an appointment for the day after christmas with the vet, I was going to basically take her down, however, put down as I knew it was time she she hadn't eaten for like a week and yeah, she just, you know, everything about her was different and I talked to that and and took her down and they checked her out and they said yeah you don't have to do it right now, but you should do the next couple of weeks. So I was like okay, you know, I have christmas, christmas whatever, yeah, I'll spoil her, I'll try to get her to eat some food on christmas day, share my turkey or whatever, and you know, then the next day I'll take her down and you have them do it and I woke up christmas Eve morning and uh she was on the couch, she was still alive, but she could barely move and I just sat down on the, I'm gonna get all choked up talking about it. Um but I sat down on the couch over and put her head in my lap and basically just sat with her for about two hours until she passed.
SPEAKER_R: Old dogs, they know I get your heart. Yeah. Uh That makes me smile because the older dogs are the ones that don't ever get adopted out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's why it was funny because there are two old dogs that I wanted and I finally decided I was ready for a dog because for years I didn't have a car and there was no way I was going to the dog if I didn't have a car because if I didn't take it to the vet, how do I get to that cat? Because I was riding the bus. I've invented. There's a vent about 11 mile from my house. Well over a mile or s case scenario, stick a six. It's a cat in the carrier. Either get on the bus or, or I ride my bike.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Cats are easier. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so, so, so I had gone about four or five years. A lot of car got a car again. So I was finally like, okay, yeah, time to think about the dog. And we had two dogs. We had smiley. She was, you know, obviously she was the one I adopted because I couldn't take both. Yeah, I have a small house or I had a couple of cats at home. I'm just like two dogs would be too much for me. You know, I don't want to overextend myself, you know, let me do one dog and I couldn't decide between the two because the other one was, his name was Harley, he was a german shepherd mix and I grew up with german shepherds. My family had german shepherds the entire time I was a kid, so german shepherds have a very special place in my heart and and he was an older dog too and he was super sweet and he was the nicest dog and his story. I mean he hadn't been abused um a couple had him and he was the guy's dog um I don't think they were married but they were living together and they split up and he went to pennsylvania for work. He moved to pennsylvania and they told the ex girlfriend, yeah I'll come back for him. I just gotta get settled in. You know I'm living with friends for the first month or two until I get my own place. Let me get a place you can get some paychecks, I can get down payment on an apartment and then a couple of months I'll come down and get him in a couple of months turned into six months turned into nine months. So she she finally called him up said did you come and get your dog or what? Because she didn't
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: like dogs. She was not a dog person at all.
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: And here she
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: was.
SPEAKER_R: heard this story
SPEAKER_L: She was
SPEAKER_R: before.
SPEAKER_L: She was walking the dog and feeding the dog and take him to the vet and doing everything. I mean she did right by him 100%. She was amazing especially considering she was not a dog person. Yeah she like cash. She did not care for dogs one bit. She liked him find enough because he was such a good boy. You know he was very laid back, he didn't bark you know he was not problematic dog at all. Um but you know so she gave it like eight or nine months. She finally called and said do what's going on And he's like yeah I'm not coming anytime soon, it's just not gonna happen if you need to get rid of them then go ahead and do whatever you need to do. So she called us up and we're like yeah bring him absolutely bring him here, we'll stay here and take his adopted, we promise you know we're no kill shelter. Yeah. Yeah I told her dude, I guarantee you I will find someone to take this dog home no matter what. So so he came in because he was older. No one wanted a doctor mountain, everyone wanted to uh and he wasn't good with kids, He did not have the temperate for kids, you know, he would snap it kids, so we knew that, you know, so um so the couple of families that were open to him had kids and I was, you know, I'm sorry, not gonna do that. So look at the two dogs, I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: makes?
SPEAKER_L: there's Harley who is great and we'll probably never get adopted because he's old and you know, he's kind of picky about the families, we can put them in and smile, He's terrified of everybody, you know? And so people, people aren't even looking at her because she would hide, she would go in the far side of the kennel when people come to look at dogs and and they would only see her because she had a squat building her, her arm was sticking out from where she's hiding behind the door, you know? And well, there's one dog in there that was kind of scared, you know? Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: too much work. Nobody wants to deal with that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. And so, uh, so I talked to my director, I'm like, look, I want to adopt a dog. These are still looking at, but I haven't decided yet. And she's like, well, you know, you decide whichever one you want. You know, you know, you're gonna be a
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: good home for. We're not worried about that. But make sure you, you know, don't, don't rush your pick. They're not going anywhere. They're fine. They're not, yeah, we don't worry about anything. And if somebody does come in adoption and then great. You know, then that narrows it down for you. And so about a week into my like, you know, debate one of my volunteers comes in and she's like, oh, hey, one of my friends just lost their dog and they're looking for a dog. I'm like, okay, we're looking for, we're looking for a german shepherd and they want an older dog because the husband um was disabled and he stayed at home and watch tv all day and basically just wanted and he um he was he was in a wheelchair, he could walk, but he needed a
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: wheelchair figure out. So he was he didn't want a dog that need to be walked a whole bunch. You want a dog who play around? Watch tv with him
SPEAKER_R: Dogs
SPEAKER_L: once.
SPEAKER_R: for that.
SPEAKER_L: Well, what life was at work? Well, we got a couple of dogs that fit that category and they really want a german shepherd because the last time was a german shepherd. I'm like, oh my God, are you kidding me? Friends of hers that she knew well she could vouch for and she was a volunteer that worked with us for years, so we respected her opinion. She was gonna steer us wrong. Yeah, I'm just like, oh my God, this is perfect. And I looked at her and like, you know, you're thinking Harley, aren't you? She's like, I'm thinking Harley, I'm like, oh my God, then explained to her because she was like, hey, what's up? Well
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: here's my dilemma. You know, I couldn't decide between Harley or smiley and she's like, oh if they get hardly then you can take smiley home. I'm like, yes, oh my God, and that's exactly what happened.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's so good. I love these stories. Shit.
SPEAKER_L: they uh they actually came out on a sunday to pick up Harley open to the public on Sundays we were we were there, but that was our day to catch up on projects and I have to deal with the public so much. And you get all the dogs big when it was on days, you know, it was warm enough to bathe dogs and you bathe the dogs and do special cleaning projects or whatever and you know, and she's like, you know, they want to come pick them up but you know, you know because the wife worked six days a week, you know, she's like, his son is somebody that works like sunday sign, sunday fine, has them come out. I don't care, you know? Well they might be late. You know, they might not be here until you're ready to go home. I don't care if they're taking Harley home. I will stay late. I don't care, you know, get them out here. So they came out, they weren't late but the end of the day, so they adopted him and I took smiley home 20 minutes later. Yeah. I called my boss and my smile is going home with me okay
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: That's so good. Well this has been fun. I'm glad to do this actually. It's nice to talk to people with like minds and learn interests.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. You're the, like I said, I just talked to someone yesterday and then uh, I've been doing this, the first one I did was back in february I think february. Uh and I did one back then and then I did too in like springtime. And
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: think they're studying like what do you think there taking from this?
SPEAKER_L: uh, probably probably just trying to probably gauging, I think they're matching up people from like different areas. Uh, because I've never talked to anyone from florida. I've never talked to anyone from the southeast. Uh, most of people I talked to or from the west coast, um um, lady yesterday and the two people I did a last month were all from California, you're from Utah and then the don't, uh, there's a couple of people, I can't remember where they were from, but uh, I, I think one was from northeast maybe and then there was another lady who was from Kansas I believe. So it seems the majority of people I'm talking to are from the western half of the United States. Um Most and then out of those has been like people like you kind of like in, in the middle of the western part and then the restaurant have all been from California and then there's been one or two people from the northeast I think.
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad I actually did this, I was a little bit apprehensive, but well this isn't horrible.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, I mean and we went well over the time period. I think we want over by about 15 minutes. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, this is awesome. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I guess I better get back to work since I did this on my lunch break.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. All right, well have a good day at work. It's been great talking to you. Stay safe and hopefully
SPEAKER_R: The,
SPEAKER_L: think things will get better for everybody before too long. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Keep doing what you're doing and we'll get through this together, right?
SPEAKER_L: exactly. That's a new where we can take it one day at a time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Thanks so much.
SPEAKER_L: All right, take care