Hi,
how are you?
Sorry I'm late.
I have a few
technical difficulties but I'm here now.
Yeah. So we're just supposed to chat about anything
in particular or what?
Okay. Well you you start
I
Hi.
So I am in Utah, I'm Danny.
I've lived in Utah most of my life similar. I was born in California though, so I'm not mormon, not one of those weird people. Um They're not weird, they're very nice but um I'm also working from home. I'm an insurance agent. I've worked for the same agency since I was 19 years old and I'm in my 30s now. Yeah,
so but this year has definitely changed things quite a bit. I was the working mom. My husband was the stay at home dad. I had the stable job Throughout like the 2008 downturn and crash. He was in construction and so at that time was kind of when our roles changed and so I was working in the office hardly home And now come 2020 and March and you know everything kind of just stopped and luckily we've learned that I what I do I can do from home. So it opened my boss's eyes too, the fact that I actually worked better from home. So there's been a little bit of a silver lining with that. I am the same though in the beginning it drove me crazy because I'm a super social person. You want to talk to people. I like to be out of the house. Um, so in the beginning I went nuts like roller coaster, like good days, bad days a little bit more. Even killed her now. But um, where, where we are at, Nobody believes that Covid is real. Yeah,
So that's, that's hard for me because the world is still going on around me here, like everyone still is having get togethers and we're still having networking meeting stuff that I used to do that I just don't go to anymore because I believe science. So yeah, everyone
here, they just, they get the total hoax, so
I never think that about florida, but I hear that often.
correct.
Nothing
one,
Utah,
the east coast, a
lot of transplants but still kind of all way of thinking but lots of sunshine.
Is
that?
What is going on? Yeah, just
kind of, can I have my life back? Yeah.
No.
so I actually went to a concert about almost two weeks ago and I was a big concert go. Er So um we have this like outdoor amphitheater here locally, it's called to a con. Um They had to shut down all of their shows um because of Covid for the summer and so now that the governor has opened things up, like you can have as many people gather as you want, but you all have to be wearing, that's that's kind of the law here. Um So they I thought that they would put distance between people, like, I don't know, I just was naive and my thinking, but um we get there and it was jam packed. Uh Everyone was wearing the mask to get in, but of course, you know when you're all sitting, everyone's taking him off and not putting them back on and come to find out the artist, he was a country music artist in lee brice um about halfway through his set. He couldn't sing anymore. And I made a joke like, I bet U. S. Covid the next day my husband sees an article that he had dropped out of the like, country music awards because he tested positive for Covid. Yeah.
And he was like throwing his guitar picks out into the crowd. And and it just made me feel like I shouldn't have been there, first of all. Like, I just got excited because it was like, look, we can do real life stuff. Well, bad. The whole time I was there, I was mad at the people around me because they were just taking their masks off, not respecting others. And then for that to come out, it was just, it just blew me away because nobody really cares about other people's safety. And then I was feeling bad because I was like, I didn't think of my own safety. I just was ignorant and kind of following the crowd. And it's funny because the non believers of Covid here, they call us believer sheep, you know, where the people, uh,
okay. And like I've had people, even friends post like when I post a selfie and I have my mask on, you know, being all cute, I'll have like friends of friends that will put like, bah, like, you
know? Yeah. And so I don't know. I felt like, oh my gosh, like who's the sheep? I don't know me or that. Yeah. So working from home is definitely a learning curve I guess as far as I'm an extrovert, but I, I mean, but this has turned me into kind of an introvert. Like now I'm like, I don't want to go outside, I don't
want to pull anymore. We're pants, you know, like, so so it goes, but how long have you been working from home?
that
yeah, wow, where did those eight months ago?
Yeah.
Yeah,
I
know, I think are though, I think we are conditioned now.
So
all
Well
that's not bad.
yeah, it's a
lot
are surging again, so yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I'm it's one time I'm thankful to have a small family, I don't have a ton of family and my mom and my dad and that's my kids and my husband, that's about it. And so we're not one of those families that like we're all around each other all the time and we all take precautions, so luckily I don't have to deal with any family members that are naysayers or non believers, but yeah,
yeah. You've got calendars, makes a good dinner,
good.
correct.
you got your normalcy somehow
Witness
Hi,
nothing like it. Like that's like all this like streaming that I've been doing all these months, It's not the same. Mhm.
man.
yep. I
know it turned
out.
You
can
stay
connected. Yeah.
Yeah. What percent are we have right now?
yeah. Well, I mean my best friend, we placed, I never thought of that because we play scrabble scrabble go or something back and forth, but I kind of like the idea of just doing that, but like live together because it does feel there's a disconnect there. So I like I never even thought to do that so I might have to do that.
Your
friend?
And you don't get to see each other often enough, so. Oh, that's good. I might have to make her do that. I always say she cheats so that might be I stop using your travel Word app. I don't appreciate that. There's no way you know what that word was.
Yeah.
Hey.
It's
really, really you couldn't like hold back a little.
Hello?
It's
here.
For chat would be nice, like. Yeah.
Love it. That's awesome. Your cat looks like my cat, but I don't know where she is. They look very similar. I was just saying to Abby
Mhm. He likes to be held about as much as mine does. Oh yes. Hi kitty. Hi. He looks just like my cat. I wish she was here. Her name is Katie witty.
His coach.
So
Yeah
I like that. Yeah I'm an animal lover so I can appreciate that. Uh
are
your life?
It
in
Iowa
that
barrel. Oh my gosh. And she called me to come and save her baby.
All
What
recruit
now?
It
doesn't want to be in this cage. Yeah.
You got ruckus out of it.
Yeah. That's
sweet.
suffering.
Old dogs, they know I get your heart. Yeah. Uh That makes me smile because the older dogs are the ones that don't ever get adopted out. Yeah.
Yeah. Cats are easier. Yeah.
I'm
now
I've
heard this story
before.
What
makes?
That's
too much work. Nobody wants to deal with that. Yeah.
huh.
Good.
Dogs
for that.
What?
Oh that's so good. I love these stories. Shit.
That's awesome.
That's so good. Well this has been fun. I'm glad to do this actually. It's nice to talk to people with like minds and learn interests.
You
think they're studying like what do you think there taking from this?
I'm glad I actually did this, I was a little bit apprehensive, but well this isn't horrible.
Oh, this is awesome. Okay.
Well, I guess I better get back to work since I did this on my lunch break.
The,
Keep doing what you're doing and we'll get through this together, right?
Yeah. Okay. Thanks so much.