SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Don't you think? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This one. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. At this point? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. People think all right. Thank you. Yeah, awful. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. That's right. Less than that. What do you think that? Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. No. Mhm. Hi
SPEAKER_R: how are
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: doing, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Okay and well
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I'm Reagan nice to meet you. So
SPEAKER_R: to meet you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: are you in college or like working like?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, so I am in grad school um my second year of my PhD program, but it's technically I guess my third year of grad school because I did a master's before this um at the same place that I did my undergrad, so
SPEAKER_L: Well where are you in grad school
SPEAKER_R: I got another game
SPEAKER_L: offering?
SPEAKER_R: and I. Um like sleep stress and memory and how they impact student learning.
SPEAKER_L: That is so cool. I'm an undergrad right now and um one of the schools that I was looking at for underground was actually an everyday and I never applied but I visited campus and it was so beautiful. It's like oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_R: Where you walk
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_R: where do you go for school?
SPEAKER_L: I owe to Swansea University of the South. It's a pretty small liberal arts school, like an hour and a half east of Nashville, but
SPEAKER_R: The am I stay there?
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry my my wife is going to be spotty but
SPEAKER_R: Um I said what do you study there?
SPEAKER_L: oh I'm a politics in english major, so my concentrations and politics which is like I want to go to law school after this, so like my main focus is politics. Uh my concentrations are like national institutions and then um Law and justice, he
SPEAKER_R: write an interesting time to be in politics major
SPEAKER_L: oh my God, it's so interesting, I'm actually right smack dab in the middle of politics seminar or not Politics, the voting seminar, and we're talking about like the normative actions of voting and like voter fraud, like all these really interesting topics that are like so pertinent to what's going on right now, and like it's almost kind of scary to like see or like learn about what's coming up behind the scenes, but also like I'm really glad to be learning about it, you know? Be aware.
SPEAKER_R: more finitely. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: and 20 and 4 2015 I think it was my last year undergrad. Um I was taking a psych of human diversity class and so it was the semester that the election happened during. Um And also the semester where they were like debating all of like the data rights and all that stuff, so it was a very interesting semester to kind of be taking that type of a class. Um with like a wide variety of different types of students in the class, different opinions. Um But yeah, the day after the election was a very quiet day in the classroom. Oh
SPEAKER_L: That's it's honestly, it's insane. Like we were in one of our classes in this seminar for voting, we were talking about like are Most pertinent memories of voting. Like the ones that are like most I guess like ingrained in our minds and so many people for so many people, it was the 2016 election like the day after like waiting up to like see, see the results and stuff and it's honestly it's such a crazy time to be studying like anything related to that. But I mean, you know, give me a good
SPEAKER_R: being at Notre Dame is interesting too, because Amy Barrett is from Notre Dame and a professor there, she got her law degree from there. Um And so on the one hand, it's like, oh that's kind of cool, like she comes from my in my institution on the other hand, and like you can't answer a single question and
SPEAKER_L: my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: having everyone to any knowledge of the constitution, and if you can't answer these questions, I don't want you in a lifetime appointment where
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: you decide right, so please go.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, you took the words right out of my mouth. I think in some ways she's connected to Rhodes college which is like our rival there in our, in our division for our conference. Excuse me. Um And so there's been like so many people like making jokes like I knew roads wasn't a good school, like they didn't even teach her like the basically. So like all these videos circulating about your like not being able to name the, what was it like the bill of rights I think or something like something like so simple. We were like, we knew we shouldn't have gone to Rose Funny. But
SPEAKER_R: people are like, well I can't find anything against her, she's great and she's well liked in the classroom. I'm like, listen, I have had a many wonderful professors who I think are great people and they were great in the classroom and I don't want them deciding my human rights,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. Especially in
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: a lifetime appointment. I mean that's that's kind of sticky like I don't know. But I guess we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: well what happens? Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have you been following like the debates and anything or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I watched all of the first presidential debate. Um Not that you could really get much out of that,
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: I feel
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: it was entertaining if it wasn't scary, I guess, like it was concerning that, but that's kind of how it went, but it was entertaining one, right? Um And then I watched about half of the vice presidential debate. I haven't been able to watch the second half yet, but I don't know that I agree with like all of her policy opinions because I'm like still doing research uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: but was Kamala in terms of just like her as a woman and her as being like mr vice President I'm speaking, so you're not mistake over me and Yes, thank you, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. It's it's honestly kind of part it feels like, and this is I'm a junior in college, so this is my first time voting. Um And it's just like I was talking to my dad about it and I was like, has it been always like choosing the worst to like the better of two evils? Because that's what it feels like right now. Like I don't like particularly like either, it's almost like just like one more than I dislike the other, and so I'm voting like my vote is less of a vote for someone than it gets someone. And I was like, I don't like that, That feels icky. Like I want to like who I'm voting for. I don't know, I voted in like the so in our politics seminar again, I'm probably gonna I really like that class, but like voting down the ballot and how a lot of people just like vote for the presidential candidate and then like, so I voted down the ballot instead of just only by the presidential candidate and like that, but a little bit better because I feel like with local um with local representatives and like voting for things like I don't know like my like my state senators and stuff like that. I actually like or I agree with what their policy positions are, but like this is just insane. Honestly, I didn't, like you said, it's kind of sad to like that the word that we have to use to describe the
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: debates is like entertaining because it's not it's not supposed to be reality television, that's what it feels like and like it's so frustrating, but I guess that's where we are.
SPEAKER_R: I think that it probably always has been a little bit of like voting for the lesser of two evils, but I just feel like it's so extreme this year, and I just would really like to see something is in 80 years old, like on the ballot, because I don't know, like I just think about conversations even that I've had with my grandfather and he's pretty liberal and very open minded, but he still thinks that some things are a reality that like aren't a reality, like he still thinks that maybe doesn't have a great grasp on different racial tensions, Like he thinks certain things are a problem that aren't a problem, but doesn't understand that other things are a problem that are very much a problem. Um, and so I just wonder like he isn't a rich person who's kind of removed
SPEAKER_L: Happy.
SPEAKER_R: from society, He's just older and still involved, like very much so in the society and he doesn't have a grasp on what reality really looks like right now for most americans and what it means for like our generations and the future. So I just wonder like if that somebody who is older, who I respect very much and are ideal ideologies do line up and I still don't feel like he can properly represent my generation. If he were to go into government, how do I expect that from these individuals who are so removed from like the everyday life of most
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: people?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I totally
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: agree with that and I mean I feel like I hate to take age into consideration because I feel like to an extent it's ages like and I wouldn't want someone to like to do that to me because I'm younger, but I mean it is the reality like you said, and especially in the middle of a pandemic, like I know that that's something that a lot of people are considering what their vote, like it's like that's one of the vice presidential debate was like so important this year because like it is very, I mean, God forbid, like one of them gets sick and passes away because of this pandemic, but like that's that's something that could happen and so yeah, I totally agree with you, like it will be nice to have, you know, I mean, I guess at least the vice presidential candidates are a little bit younger, but like, I don't know, I don't know, it's just Maybe, 20, maybe we'll have a better start to pick from it.
SPEAKER_R: maybe. I don't know why I liked Bernie, but again, like he was older and I didn't mind Elizabeth warren either but I didn't feel like she was very electable I guess. I didn't feel like either of them are very electable. But I also don't feel like vitamins very electable. So I'm like what are we doing over here? Can we just pick somebody who can actually win? Because I would like to keep my civil rights that are being attacked
SPEAKER_L: infringe upon. Yeah, I totally agree. I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: don't Oh well well on a brighter note, do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: I do. I have a puppy. I don't know if I'll come in here hold on. Yes. Oh come on. Oh. Oh money okay come here. Well I'm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, what isn't here? Is she?
SPEAKER_R: okay look at the screen
SPEAKER_L: Who is so pretty? I don't want the money. What kind of dog is he?
SPEAKER_R: He is a toy Australian Shepherd and he is about six months.
SPEAKER_L: his coat is so pretty. Oh my goodness, I don't think I've ever seen a dog like that before.
SPEAKER_R: Yes sir. He's like what am I doing in here? Oh come on. How do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I have two dogs at home. Um One is a west highland terrier and the other one is like a ticket means and maltese mix but I miss him a lot. It's
SPEAKER_R: Are you did your school start unlike a normal semester schedule? That's the best part.
SPEAKER_L: to an extent we started a little bit earlier than we normally do and then we're getting out um like the week of thanksgiving and we won't come back until february and then also but I really don't agree with the fact that at this, but we don't have any breaks in between, which was like, I guess to keep people from leaving campus and like coming back and, you know, contracting thank. Um but honestly, it's been kind of tough. Like we were supposed to have like these things called risk fit, I don't know how you guys like respite days or something And our administration just like took them away and I didn't say anything. So we've literally just been like in school from August 14 through a little bit earlier than that and we'll be in school for the next month or so. And so it's like just back to back tobacco work and it's kind of exhausting, but it's
SPEAKER_R: Big.
SPEAKER_L: good to be here and there were a lot of schools didn't even get to come back, so I appreciate the fact that like they made an effort to, I was here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Notre dame followed a similar schedule. So normally we start at the end of august and they started august tent and then normally we have a fall
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: break. I don't know if you guys have that at your school normally, but I'm originally from the East Coast and we don't have that, like we just have columbus day off and and that's it, It's just like a long weekend. So last year I was like, wait, I got a whole week off in october
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: like this awesome, I'll totally um But they took it away this year so that we end so thank you, you never know that. Give me a um So that we end like the week before Thanksgiving and then we don't start again until February three. which I was kind of mad about when the semester started because I was like, well I'd rather have my time off when it's nice out than in november, I mean like okay, but like I'd rather just like have my time off when it's nice out, but I am happy to have kind of a longer break in between semesters because I feel like usually when I start the spring semester, I'm still kind of burned out and like not really ready to get back to it and then summer is so long that it's like I'm ready to get back to it and it doesn't start right away and then by the time that it starts I'm like okay, I don't really want to do this anymore. Um
SPEAKER_L: It,
SPEAKER_R: I think the longer break might have some benefits and my family is like far away, so it makes it so that I can just travel once rather than having to travel home for kidding. And then again for christmas. So
SPEAKER_L: you said just in the East Coast.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm from Rhode island originally,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, awesome, that's cool. Um Yeah, I totally agree with you want like the extended break, I like that too. And I feel like especially since we haven't had a break in the months that we've been in school, that's going to be like
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: constructive for a lot of people who get to go home and in mind and get back to normal, some, some state of normal maintenance. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: did you live close um to your school or did you like travel with her home?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I love pretty close, I live within driving distance, so it's about like a six hour drive for me. I'm originally from Little Rock Arkansas. Um and I like when
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I was in high school, I knew I didn't want to go to school like in Arkansas, but my sister went to Princeton in New Jersey and that was like super far away, like she could never like come up for the weekend. I mean, I guess she could, but it would be like a flight, she could never drive. Um and I wanted to be like far enough away to where it didn't feel like I was still at home, but also like if I needed to go home, like six hours isn't too bad in the car, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that was part of my decision as well when I was applying to grad schools, I was like, okay, I'm willing to travel, but I it needs to be short enough that like I can drive, so it's a 14 hour drive, it's not ideal. But had I gone to like California, I wouldn't be seeing my family because I'm not flying during covid and like that's how the manageable drive versus I can get an Airbnb and split it up into two days and just drive for something each day. So that's been looking back. I was glad that I made that decision, so it sounds
SPEAKER_L: Do you want
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: undergrad close to home to or further one?
SPEAKER_R: well I actually, this is the first time that I've lived more than 45 minutes away from home.
SPEAKER_L: Do it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so moving out here, it was like pretty crazy. I was pretty freaked out by it and was just like, I'm gonna move 1000 miles away from home. I have like a big family. So I have five siblings and three of them are under the age of six. So I was like, I don't want to move away from them. Like there's a little,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: they'll forget me, which like they didn't. But yeah, it's very strange to move so far away. So I was definitely glad that when everything happened with covid and like flights were restricted and all of that, that I could still get home because
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I bet
SPEAKER_R: I would not have been happy if they were like too bad news directory. Lard. You hold it people?
SPEAKER_L: my goodness, I can't even like thinking back to the beginning of Covid, like I put so much different now, like it's kind of funny because like we're still not anywhere near normal,
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: but like that versus now, like I remember I was in like the first round or like I've done this before on
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: probably. And um like the entirety of our conversation was just Covid, it was like how are you adjusting? Because it was like towards the beginning of the summer and like now it feels like I have other things in my life other than Covid, which is good. Um
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if I feel comfortable in a plane yet. I have not been on a plane. I'll say that,
SPEAKER_R: I don't, yeah, I don't think I would. I know some of my friends have like taken flights because they're like, it was only $60 round trip to go to Florida and I'm like, For a reason, a reason, there's only $60 so I'm home. Um yeah, I don't know. I feel like they just keep changing. Like what they say about it. I feel like we don't know what we actually know about virus in order for me to decide if I feel like if I actually feel comfortable being stuck in a metal box with other people who may or may not follow the rules very well for more hours. Um you know, flying can be really great or really terrible under normal conditions based on kind of who was on your flight. So yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: haven't tested those waters yet.
SPEAKER_L: Neither. So you said you have five siblings?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, so my parents had me when they were teenagers and then when I was by around five or 6, they both had another child in like new relationships, So I have a 22 year old sibling and a 21 year old sibling and then I have my parents both got married in 2014, each other to other people. Um so my dad had two more daughters with my 2nd step mom because he was awesome before my first sister came from the first marriage. Um And then my mom had my little brother, so I had a about to turn six year old sister, and then I have a four year old sister and a four year old brother.
SPEAKER_L: That's so cool to come from a big family. My mom came from a big family like that and like I have two siblings, but that's not like having five siblings Sounds so I feel like that reminds me of maybe just like when I was little, I really liked the movie cheaper by the dozen and I always thought it was so cool that they had so many siblings. I was like, I want to have a lot of other states, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Um It is it's cool to being like so much older than them because I get to kind of like experience their life in a different way than I did. My siblings who are like closer in age to me, I mean they're still like 5.5 6.5 years younger than me than my siblings who are like closest in age, but it's just kind of a different experience. Um But there are like really cute and I'm good and my little brother has like kids facebook messenger, so he'll just like video chat, be randomly, I'll be like all right baby, I have to go like I have to go to a meeting and he's like but I don't want you to go to a meeting. Yeah, me neither. But I have to it
SPEAKER_L: I don't want to go to the meeting either.
SPEAKER_R: like you call, you call my advisor and you let her know I can't make the meeting that he's like okay, that's great, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: are your um I guess the two siblings that are in their twenties, what do they do?
SPEAKER_R: Um So my oldest younger sibling is in college for psychology and then my 21 year old sister is a dance director at the Y. M. C. A. Last year. She like went to California for a year and did this like dance training program. Um So she business and then I think she's taking some business classes remotely this semester. Um She doesn't really care for school but I think she wants to open the studio or like choreographed company or something like that so she wants to take some some business classes.
SPEAKER_L: That's super cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are your legs close in age to you,
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, so my older sister is like a year and a half older than me. She she turns war in october. Um And then my younger brother is okay, a year. Honestly, I'm like right in the middle, so he's like a year and a half younger than me. It should
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: be 19. I always forget how old he is, I don't know, he seems older than it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Do they live back home? Do they live like near you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so my little brother um he's actually he might have just been deployed, I don't know, it's hard to keep up and I haven't really been in touch with him. Um But he's in the Navy or like in the Navy reserves I think. Um And my older sister is currently in New Jersey doing research. She graduated from Princeton um A lot not last year, like whenever Covid it's like she left whenever whatever I did, and then she's taking like a gap year right now to do research with this. She's a she's starting to be a veterinarian, so she's doing research with like a pet food company and
SPEAKER_R: and what?
SPEAKER_L: she's applying to grad schools and stuff, so she's expecting to go back to school next fall. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So she's too, is your question. No, neither of them are very close. So I think I'm the closest right now, but I'm really looking forward to getting this evening over over the multiple holidays.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's awesome. Um That's like the worst part of living far away from home I think for me is like Especially with my siblings being so little because they don't really understand. So I'm like, I'll be home in two months. My mom's like, he doesn't know what months are. Like, you have to say days and I'm like, like 60 days sounds so long. Like say that
SPEAKER_L: So much
SPEAKER_R: group.
SPEAKER_L: longer than too much.
SPEAKER_R: It really does. But
SPEAKER_L: Captain.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, holidays are definitely nice. Like for that reason and also, I don't know, like on the one hand, it's like, oh, a nice vacation. And on the other hand, I have to run around and see people. So sometimes it doesn't really feel like a vacation. I don't know if you feel like that, but
SPEAKER_L: Maybe now that we have two months off, it'll feel more like you'll have more time. I think,
SPEAKER_R: you are hopefully
SPEAKER_L: I think this year hall, like this year holidays are going to be so much more special because like, I don't know, having our family around like during this time, like everything is so hectic and just like, that's such a good foundation that give them to your roots. Not to be like, that's, that's so cliche. But like literally did back to yours this year. Like I'm really excited. I've been saying I'm excited to go home for like the past month and my friends are like don't you want to be here? And I'm like yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: but also like I'm just going home with my family. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Sorry, excuse me. In fact not the implementation take the boy. Thank you. Um Yeah, I'm constantly like torn because I'm like, I like being here. Like, it's nice and I like my friends here and all that stuff, and then at the same time, like I want to go home where I know where all the food is and like I know what to do with my friends, but aboard and you know when it's covid and I can't actually go out and do things like there are still people that I can go see, I don't know. So I missed that part of being at home and then at the same time where I'm from is very like, it's a small state in the entire country, so pretty much anywhere I go, I will see somebody that I know. And so that's kind of nice being away because I don't have to see like all of the same people that I've been seeing for my entire life.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I bet. Right, okay. It was really nice to talk to you. I think we're done. It's I think I'm gonna go get some lunch, I'm starving, but actually I should talk to you.
SPEAKER_R: Please have a great rest of your day.
SPEAKER_L: You too fine.