how are
you?
Okay and well
to meet you. Yeah.
Um Yeah, so I am in grad school um my second year of my PhD program, but it's technically I guess my third year of grad school because I did a master's before this um at the same place that I did my undergrad, so
I got another game
and I. Um like sleep stress and memory and how they impact student learning.
Where you walk
where do you go for school?
The am I stay there?
Um I said what do you study there?
write an interesting time to be in politics major
more finitely. Um
and 20 and 4 2015 I think it was my last year undergrad. Um I was taking a psych of human diversity class and so it was the semester that the election happened during. Um And also the semester where they were like debating all of like the data rights and all that stuff, so it was a very interesting semester to kind of be taking that type of a class. Um with like a wide variety of different types of students in the class, different opinions. Um But yeah, the day after the election was a very quiet day in the classroom. Oh
being at Notre Dame is interesting too, because Amy Barrett is from Notre Dame and a professor there, she got her law degree from there. Um And so on the one hand, it's like, oh that's kind of cool, like she comes from my in my institution on the other hand, and like you can't answer a single question and
having everyone to any knowledge of the constitution, and if you can't answer these questions, I don't want you in a lifetime appointment where
you decide right, so please go.
people are like, well I can't find anything against her, she's great and she's well liked in the classroom. I'm like, listen, I have had a many wonderful professors who I think are great people and they were great in the classroom and I don't want them deciding my human rights,
what
well what happens? Uh
Yeah, I watched all of the first presidential debate. Um Not that you could really get much out of that,
I feel
like
it was entertaining if it wasn't scary, I guess, like it was concerning that, but that's kind of how it went, but it was entertaining one, right? Um And then I watched about half of the vice presidential debate. I haven't been able to watch the second half yet, but I don't know that I agree with like all of her policy opinions because I'm like still doing research uh
but was Kamala in terms of just like her as a woman and her as being like mr vice President I'm speaking, so you're not mistake over me and Yes, thank you, wow.
well.
I think that it probably always has been a little bit of like voting for the lesser of two evils, but I just feel like it's so extreme this year, and I just would really like to see something is in 80 years old, like on the ballot, because I don't know, like I just think about conversations even that I've had with my grandfather and he's pretty liberal and very open minded, but he still thinks that some things are a reality that like aren't a reality, like he still thinks that maybe doesn't have a great grasp on different racial tensions, Like he thinks certain things are a problem that aren't a problem, but doesn't understand that other things are a problem that are very much a problem. Um, and so I just wonder like he isn't a rich person who's kind of removed
from society, He's just older and still involved, like very much so in the society and he doesn't have a grasp on what reality really looks like right now for most americans and what it means for like our generations and the future. So I just wonder like if that somebody who is older, who I respect very much and are ideal ideologies do line up and I still don't feel like he can properly represent my generation. If he were to go into government, how do I expect that from these individuals who are so removed from like the everyday life of most
people?
I'm
maybe. I don't know why I liked Bernie, but again, like he was older and I didn't mind Elizabeth warren either but I didn't feel like she was very electable I guess. I didn't feel like either of them are very electable. But I also don't feel like vitamins very electable. So I'm like what are we doing over here? Can we just pick somebody who can actually win? Because I would like to keep my civil rights that are being attacked
What?
I do. I have a puppy. I don't know if I'll come in here hold on. Yes. Oh come on. Oh. Oh money okay come here. Well I'm. Uh huh.
I
okay look at the screen
He is a toy Australian Shepherd and he is about six months.
Yes sir. He's like what am I doing in here? Oh come on. How do you have any pets?
Are you did your school start unlike a normal semester schedule? That's the best part.
Big.
Yeah. Notre dame followed a similar schedule. So normally we start at the end of august and they started august tent and then normally we have a fall
break. I don't know if you guys have that at your school normally, but I'm originally from the East Coast and we don't have that, like we just have columbus day off and and that's it, It's just like a long weekend. So last year I was like, wait, I got a whole week off in october
like this awesome, I'll totally um But they took it away this year so that we end so thank you, you never know that. Give me a um So that we end like the week before Thanksgiving and then we don't start again until February three. which I was kind of mad about when the semester started because I was like, well I'd rather have my time off when it's nice out than in november, I mean like okay, but like I'd rather just like have my time off when it's nice out, but I am happy to have kind of a longer break in between semesters because I feel like usually when I start the spring semester, I'm still kind of burned out and like not really ready to get back to it and then summer is so long that it's like I'm ready to get back to it and it doesn't start right away and then by the time that it starts I'm like okay, I don't really want to do this anymore. Um
I think the longer break might have some benefits and my family is like far away, so it makes it so that I can just travel once rather than having to travel home for kidding. And then again for christmas. So
yeah, I'm from Rhode island originally,
you know,
did you live close um to your school or did you like travel with her home?
What?
Yeah, that was part of my decision as well when I was applying to grad schools, I was like, okay, I'm willing to travel, but I it needs to be short enough that like I can drive, so it's a 14 hour drive, it's not ideal. But had I gone to like California, I wouldn't be seeing my family because I'm not flying during covid and like that's how the manageable drive versus I can get an Airbnb and split it up into two days and just drive for something each day. So that's been looking back. I was glad that I made that decision, so it sounds
like
that.
well I actually, this is the first time that I've lived more than 45 minutes away from home.
yeah, so moving out here, it was like pretty crazy. I was pretty freaked out by it and was just like, I'm gonna move 1000 miles away from home. I have like a big family. So I have five siblings and three of them are under the age of six. So I was like, I don't want to move away from them. Like there's a little,
they'll forget me, which like they didn't. But yeah, it's very strange to move so far away. So I was definitely glad that when everything happened with covid and like flights were restricted and all of that, that I could still get home because
I would not have been happy if they were like too bad news directory. Lard. You hold it people?
correct.
that
definitely.
I don't, yeah, I don't think I would. I know some of my friends have like taken flights because they're like, it was only $60 round trip to go to Florida and I'm like, For a reason, a reason, there's only $60 so I'm home. Um yeah, I don't know. I feel like they just keep changing. Like what they say about it. I feel like we don't know what we actually know about virus in order for me to decide if I feel like if I actually feel comfortable being stuck in a metal box with other people who may or may not follow the rules very well for more hours. Um you know, flying can be really great or really terrible under normal conditions based on kind of who was on your flight. So yeah, I
haven't tested those waters yet.
Yes, so my parents had me when they were teenagers and then when I was by around five or 6, they both had another child in like new relationships, So I have a 22 year old sibling and a 21 year old sibling and then I have my parents both got married in 2014, each other to other people. Um so my dad had two more daughters with my 2nd step mom because he was awesome before my first sister came from the first marriage. Um And then my mom had my little brother, so I had a about to turn six year old sister, and then I have a four year old sister and a four year old brother.
Yeah. Yeah. Um It is it's cool to being like so much older than them because I get to kind of like experience their life in a different way than I did. My siblings who are like closer in age to me, I mean they're still like 5.5 6.5 years younger than me than my siblings who are like closest in age, but it's just kind of a different experience. Um But there are like really cute and I'm good and my little brother has like kids facebook messenger, so he'll just like video chat, be randomly, I'll be like all right baby, I have to go like I have to go to a meeting and he's like but I don't want you to go to a meeting. Yeah, me neither. But I have to it
like you call, you call my advisor and you let her know I can't make the meeting that he's like okay, that's great, yeah.
Um So my oldest younger sibling is in college for psychology and then my 21 year old sister is a dance director at the Y. M. C. A. Last year. She like went to California for a year and did this like dance training program. Um So she business and then I think she's taking some business classes remotely this semester. Um She doesn't really care for school but I think she wants to open the studio or like choreographed company or something like that so she wants to take some some business classes.
Yeah. Are your legs close in age to you,
All
Uh huh. Do they live back home? Do they live like near you?
and what?
No. So
Yeah that's awesome. Um That's like the worst part of living far away from home I think for me is like Especially with my siblings being so little because they don't really understand. So I'm like, I'll be home in two months. My mom's like, he doesn't know what months are. Like, you have to say days and I'm like, like 60 days sounds so long. Like say that
group.
It really does. But
yeah, holidays are definitely nice. Like for that reason and also, I don't know, like on the one hand, it's like, oh, a nice vacation. And on the other hand, I have to run around and see people. So sometimes it doesn't really feel like a vacation. I don't know if you feel like that, but
you are hopefully
What?
Oh yeah. Sorry, excuse me. In fact not the implementation take the boy. Thank you. Um Yeah, I'm constantly like torn because I'm like, I like being here. Like, it's nice and I like my friends here and all that stuff, and then at the same time, like I want to go home where I know where all the food is and like I know what to do with my friends, but aboard and you know when it's covid and I can't actually go out and do things like there are still people that I can go see, I don't know. So I missed that part of being at home and then at the same time where I'm from is very like, it's a small state in the entire country, so pretty much anywhere I go, I will see somebody that I know. And so that's kind of nice being away because I don't have to see like all of the same people that I've been seeing for my entire life.
Please have a great rest of your day.