Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Don't you think? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This one. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. At this point? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. People think all right. Thank you. Yeah, awful. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. That's right. Less than that. What do you think that? Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. No. Mhm. Hi
I'm
doing, how are you?
Okay, I'm Reagan nice to meet you. So
are you in college or like working like?
Well where are you in grad school
offering?
That is so cool. I'm an undergrad right now and um one of the schools that I was looking at for underground was actually an everyday and I never applied but I visited campus and it was so beautiful. It's like oh my gosh,
I'm sorry,
I owe to Swansea University of the South. It's a pretty small liberal arts school, like an hour and a half east of Nashville, but
I'm sorry my my wife is going to be spotty but
oh I'm a politics in english major, so my concentrations and politics which is like I want to go to law school after this, so like my main focus is politics. Uh my concentrations are like national institutions and then um Law and justice, he
oh my God, it's so interesting, I'm actually right smack dab in the middle of politics seminar or not Politics, the voting seminar, and we're talking about like the normative actions of voting and like voter fraud, like all these really interesting topics that are like so pertinent to what's going on right now, and like it's almost kind of scary to like see or like learn about what's coming up behind the scenes, but also like I'm really glad to be learning about it, you know? Be aware.
Mhm
That's it's honestly, it's insane. Like we were in one of our classes in this seminar for voting, we were talking about like are Most pertinent memories of voting. Like the ones that are like most I guess like ingrained in our minds and so many people for so many people, it was the 2016 election like the day after like waiting up to like see, see the results and stuff and it's honestly it's such a crazy time to be studying like anything related to that. But I mean, you know, give me a good
my gosh.
no.
Oh my God, you took the words right out of my mouth. I think in some ways she's connected to Rhodes college which is like our rival there in our, in our division for our conference. Excuse me. Um And so there's been like so many people like making jokes like I knew roads wasn't a good school, like they didn't even teach her like the basically. So like all these videos circulating about your like not being able to name the, what was it like the bill of rights I think or something like something like so simple. We were like, we knew we shouldn't have gone to Rose Funny. But
yeah. Yeah. Especially in
a lifetime appointment. I mean that's that's kind of sticky like I don't know. But I guess we'll see.
Yeah. Have you been following like the debates and anything or
did
not
know?
Oh
Absolutely. It's it's honestly kind of part it feels like, and this is I'm a junior in college, so this is my first time voting. Um And it's just like I was talking to my dad about it and I was like, has it been always like choosing the worst to like the better of two evils? Because that's what it feels like right now. Like I don't like particularly like either, it's almost like just like one more than I dislike the other, and so I'm voting like my vote is less of a vote for someone than it gets someone. And I was like, I don't like that, That feels icky. Like I want to like who I'm voting for. I don't know, I voted in like the so in our politics seminar again, I'm probably gonna I really like that class, but like voting down the ballot and how a lot of people just like vote for the presidential candidate and then like, so I voted down the ballot instead of just only by the presidential candidate and like that, but a little bit better because I feel like with local um with local representatives and like voting for things like I don't know like my like my state senators and stuff like that. I actually like or I agree with what their policy positions are, but like this is just insane. Honestly, I didn't, like you said, it's kind of sad to like that the word that we have to use to describe the
debates is like entertaining because it's not it's not supposed to be reality television, that's what it feels like and like it's so frustrating, but I guess that's where we are.
Happy.
You know?
Yeah, I totally
agree with that and I mean I feel like I hate to take age into consideration because I feel like to an extent it's ages like and I wouldn't want someone to like to do that to me because I'm younger, but I mean it is the reality like you said, and especially in the middle of a pandemic, like I know that that's something that a lot of people are considering what their vote, like it's like that's one of the vice presidential debate was like so important this year because like it is very, I mean, God forbid, like one of them gets sick and passes away because of this pandemic, but like that's that's something that could happen and so yeah, I totally agree with you, like it will be nice to have, you know, I mean, I guess at least the vice presidential candidates are a little bit younger, but like, I don't know, I don't know, it's just Maybe, 20, maybe we'll have a better start to pick from it.
infringe upon. Yeah, I totally agree. I
don't Oh well well on a brighter note, do you have any pets?
Oh.
Oh my gosh, what isn't here? Is she?
Who is so pretty? I don't want the money. What kind of dog is he?
his coat is so pretty. Oh my goodness, I don't think I've ever seen a dog like that before.
Yeah I have two dogs at home. Um One is a west highland terrier and the other one is like a ticket means and maltese mix but I miss him a lot. It's
to an extent we started a little bit earlier than we normally do and then we're getting out um like the week of thanksgiving and we won't come back until february and then also but I really don't agree with the fact that at this, but we don't have any breaks in between, which was like, I guess to keep people from leaving campus and like coming back and, you know, contracting thank. Um but honestly, it's been kind of tough. Like we were supposed to have like these things called risk fit, I don't know how you guys like respite days or something And our administration just like took them away and I didn't say anything. So we've literally just been like in school from August 14 through a little bit earlier than that and we'll be in school for the next month or so. And so it's like just back to back tobacco work and it's kind of exhausting, but it's
good to be here and there were a lot of schools didn't even get to come back, so I appreciate the fact that like they made an effort to, I was here.
Okay.
Because
It,
you said just in the East Coast.
Oh, awesome, that's cool. Um Yeah, I totally agree with you want like the extended break, I like that too. And I feel like especially since we haven't had a break in the months that we've been in school, that's going to be like
constructive for a lot of people who get to go home and in mind and get back to normal, some, some state of normal maintenance. Yes.
Yeah, I love pretty close, I live within driving distance, so it's about like a six hour drive for me. I'm originally from Little Rock Arkansas. Um and I like when
I was in high school, I knew I didn't want to go to school like in Arkansas, but my sister went to Princeton in New Jersey and that was like super far away, like she could never like come up for the weekend. I mean, I guess she could, but it would be like a flight, she could never drive. Um and I wanted to be like far enough away to where it didn't feel like I was still at home, but also like if I needed to go home, like six hours isn't too bad in the car, so. Yeah.
Do you want
to
undergrad close to home to or further one?
Do it.
Mhm.
Yeah, I bet
my goodness, I can't even like thinking back to the beginning of Covid, like I put so much different now, like it's kind of funny because like we're still not anywhere near normal,
but like that versus now, like I remember I was in like the first round or like I've done this before on
probably. And um like the entirety of our conversation was just Covid, it was like how are you adjusting? Because it was like towards the beginning of the summer and like now it feels like I have other things in my life other than Covid, which is good. Um
I don't know if I feel comfortable in a plane yet. I have not been on a plane. I'll say that,
Yeah.
Neither. So you said you have five siblings?
That's so cool to come from a big family. My mom came from a big family like that and like I have two siblings, but that's not like having five siblings Sounds so I feel like that reminds me of maybe just like when I was little, I really liked the movie cheaper by the dozen and I always thought it was so cool that they had so many siblings. I was like, I want to have a lot of other states, so.
I don't want to go to the meeting either.
are your um I guess the two siblings that are in their twenties, what do they do?
That's super cool.
Um Yeah, so my older sister is like a year and a half older than me. She she turns war in october. Um And then my younger brother is okay, a year. Honestly, I'm like right in the middle, so he's like a year and a half younger than me. It should
be 19. I always forget how old he is, I don't know, he seems older than it. Yeah.
Yeah, so my little brother um he's actually he might have just been deployed, I don't know, it's hard to keep up and I haven't really been in touch with him. Um But he's in the Navy or like in the Navy reserves I think. Um And my older sister is currently in New Jersey doing research. She graduated from Princeton um A lot not last year, like whenever Covid it's like she left whenever whatever I did, and then she's taking like a gap year right now to do research with this. She's a she's starting to be a veterinarian, so she's doing research with like a pet food company and
she's applying to grad schools and stuff, so she's expecting to go back to school next fall. Yeah.
Yeah. So she's too, is your question. No, neither of them are very close. So I think I'm the closest right now, but I'm really looking forward to getting this evening over over the multiple holidays.
So much
longer than too much.
Captain.
Maybe now that we have two months off, it'll feel more like you'll have more time. I think,
I think this year hall, like this year holidays are going to be so much more special because like, I don't know, having our family around like during this time, like everything is so hectic and just like, that's such a good foundation that give them to your roots. Not to be like, that's, that's so cliche. But like literally did back to yours this year. Like I'm really excited. I've been saying I'm excited to go home for like the past month and my friends are like don't you want to be here? And I'm like yeah,
but also like I'm just going home with my family. Uh
Yeah, I bet. Right, okay. It was really nice to talk to you. I think we're done. It's I think I'm gonna go get some lunch, I'm starving, but actually I should talk to you.
You too fine.