years
ago,
I'm doing all right. Yeah,
so I I uh sort of a stopwatch here on the side, so
I mean
Yeah, I did this one other time during the last time they had a month or so ago.
Yeah, I'm like yeah, it's my second time to yeah, I liked it. It's pretty easy. $15.
I'm from California bay area near san Francisco.
Yeah, good question. I mean at first we locked down, I think we're in like March, we locked down before a lot of other states did. So at first it was a lot more restrictive but we've opened and closed a lot like reopened, like Jim's reopened and closed hair salons opening close. But it really depends what county you're in because they're more like rural counties up north are pretty much opening up and they're fine, but all like near san Francisco and South were still pretty lockdown, but it hasn't been super restrictive because like I work in an office building, I've still been able to do that and the social distance and everything, we've all been fine but like in restaurants take out and previously restaurants where we could eat outside if they were social distance I haven't, but you can but
mm hmm. Oh yeah, I'm sorry to hear that. But
yeah, our because for us, the gyms near where I am, they opened, they were going to open, trying to think like first week I think like the last week of june they were supposed to open and then the day before the governor put my county on like a list on like a more restricted list so then they before they even open then they three closed it again. Well hypothetically I could go to a different county if I wanted to but I've been just working out at home and stuff, exercising going for runs, but
well.
That's good. Yeah, it does seem like, I mean like it's so even, I mean I guess it's like the new normal because it's been like six months or whatever, but it's still, it's so weird like not being able to go anywhere and having to like pre hand sanitizer and I go out and wear a mask. You have to remember like don't like touch my face or don't touch the mask and then my face or whatever.
Yeah, I agree. It's definitely like um because I mean you hear about this happening like more developing countries or like in china this happens with stars and mar other viruses. But it's like you never really think about it happening here in this country, but then now it's like everywhere so everyone is dealing with it. Mm.
Okay. Yeah, I know I I know I have a couple of friends that like part of their families in Oregon, part of the family lives here and they fortunately able to go back and forth. Um So they're not stuck in one of the one of the states but I think I don't think we're actually that's about a couple people have taken flights like for work, they have an essential service job where they have to fly and
they've said it's got its there's so few people flying and it's almost safer now because they're on an airplane. You know it's like you're the only person in your row because there's so few people there so there's like no one around you because the flights are so
expires.
One.
Mhm. Oh yes, brutal. I know like my kind of way to de stress them out. What has always been like, I like to like exercising especially playing basketball, my friend and I would play basketball, which you obviously can't do now. But I've been I've been going to high school near where I live that has open court that's outside and there's never, there's never anyone there. So I've been just shooting hoops myself to kind of get some of that as well, but it's not the same, but it's working enough. Yeah.
that's a good question. Um Oh no, I'm thinking in my women experience, I mean, I think just any exercise in general is good just when you look at the hormones and drugs that your brain releases when you exercise the dopamine or whatever. Um It's always helpful. I know I have a couple, I have one friends that's like bipolar and he uh the doctors really wanted him to exercise and go on. Um like even I was just like walking like long walks because that helps, especially when a little bit of a chance, they said like a little bit uh instead of being stuck in home, like constantly being able to go for walks um and social distance, obviously staying safe helped him a little bit because it's give them a little bit of a change, but
He's younger, he's like, He's like 19, but he didn't he never he didn't know about her start getting treatment for it until like a couple years ago, so he's kind of where he's always kind of suffered from it, but they never she's never really gonna help to recently. So right now they're in the kind of trial stage, we're trying different medications and somewhere in some, like sometimes it's fine or sometimes the dosage will be too high and he'll be kind of just like no emotion and some of the dosage is too low and he's too up and down, but so we're still kind of in that trial stage, but I've heard his family's talked about how the doctors expected eventually, they'll figure out the dosage and he'll figure out a routine that it will make it easier. So there sometimes when he's good and sometimes when it isn't, but
I can imagine.
Yeah, I mean kind of, I mean my life hasn't been, it's, I'm pretty young, I'm only 20 my life has not been as challenging and I haven't experienced as much as what you have, but I just know, yeah, you know, it's a good question. I know I'm a religious person, so I um a kind of one thing that has helped my anxiety is kind of like reading the bible and praying and that sort of thing. I don't know if you really, that's one thing that's kind of helped me. I know it's helped my friend a lot too,
she's
done
okay. But yeah, and I will say like one thing for him is that before he knew he was, that my friend was diagnosed with it, he was very like, he's one of like, he he was always a little bit off like socially, he's really kind of socially distant, didn't really like talking to new people or whatever and so it's well he wasn't as
like social, whereas I feel like like with you, just my first impression you seem a little bit more social, a little more like socially functional um like talking with people. So I imagine it wouldn't be like as bad as it hit him because he already kind of had pre existing problems before he knew about it, but.
Mhm. Yeah, I know with him he had a similar issue where like he had trouble sleeping or he would wake up with like almost like occasionally he wakes like he couldn't fall asleep, we fall asleep at like like super like he'd be in there for hours in bed or then occasionally wake up at night terrors or whatever. But once he started getting medical treatment and he stayed he went to some hospitals overnight and stuff and they monitored him. And then once I figured out some of the medical dosages, he hasn't had those same problems at all where he's sleeping fine. Yeah. Yeah, he doesn't have any night terrorists, so they've been able to work out all that stuff. So it definitely seems like there is like salt lake, so he found some good treatment options for him. And if have you, have you gotten your sleep? Have you, is your sleeping a little bit better now?
Yeah, I know me. When quarantine started, I figured I wanted to kind of instill a routine and I keep a routine since routine. So I've been trying to wake up at 6 30 every morning, go
to
bed like 10 30. It was a work in progress. It took, I'm kind of there now like I would say most days I I'm able to do it, but there's always a couple of days like, oh it's not today. Snooze button four times or whatever, but it's kind of work. Like the first month was brutal, like it was like not working and I kind of gave up for a couple weeks and I would try again. I've sorted on it. But one thing I found that helped me sleep because I would, I would time like when I, if I if I can get 6:30 then I need to be asleep by 10:30 for eight hours. So I would get go to bed like 9 45. And I would read for like a half hour trying to book that I liked. It would kind of relax me and tire me out a little bit
kind of all over the board right now. I'm reading a book called Lies. My teacher told me it's a history book and it kind of talks about how high school history textbooks have kind of an over simplified view of history. They ignore a lot of stuff history and he
kind
of and he kind of debunks a lot of stuff like like a lot of history books like glorify columbus Maybe not now, but this book is like 10 years old. But at once you know a lot of history books will talk about the good things Columbus did like he's but they won't talk about all the bad stuff he did or or with people like um same thing with like you know Gandhi or Woodrow Wilson, they talk about the good things they did in history textbooks perot if I them make them heroes and ignore like the bad stuff they did when reality, their jobs textbooks should just tell you the facts and the students should be able to make the the critical thinking assessments but just kind of interesting stuff like that. It's sort of just like debunks history myths kind of
No
mm that's good to hear. It's always good to have like a balance and I feel like I mean I think a lot of people are kind of doing a similar thing where is now their home so much more often and they have more time to their self. Is there like doing more like self care more like focusing on their self especially because it's such a stressful time for a lot of people.
What?
mhm Yeah it can be tough. I know. Yeah that's brutal. Especially you think about all like the small business owners out there kind of like that or it's like you spend your you devote like all your time and resources to this business and it's like not even closing because the business didn't do well. It's like it's closing because of this like black sheep event like this virus and you couldn't like no one would have seen this coming like a couple of years ago. Mhm. It's brutal
order.
Who knows. I feel like I don't know if that will happen. But Well see I do think even when they do make a vaccine it's not going to be they're not going to have 300 million vaccines all at once ready to go to give to everyone. Because like I have a friend that's a nurse so he'll probably get it before I do because he's like a medical professional and then says I like I I have a part time job but I'm mostly students so I'm probably pretty and I'm young so I'm pretty low on the list So I might not get it to like 20, or whatever if they have one. But I remember when it first started, I kind of had this idea because I remember when there is like Ebola, there's two americans who got Ebola during the outbreak like years ago and then everyone was panicking then like nothing happened, it didn't really spread anywhere else and I thought they'd be kind of like the same thing but I didn't realize that people could be asymptomatic for so long and then it spread so much quicker. So I think I totally underestimated what was going to happen. Oh
Yeah, definitely. I mean especially when you think like like all the people who like what were masks or won't social distance like I know in Los Angeles um I don't live there but like in California Los Angeles they're going to start cutting off power and water to places that have parties. So if you're throwing a house party and it gets reported they're gonna cut off your water until until apart. So people are gonna talk, cut off the power in the water until they, until you like leave the party I guess, and then they turn it back on once it's empty.
But
me too, because I do wonder like can they do that? Because I know like if a tenant doesn't pay rent, your landlord can't just cut off your power immediately, you have to go through like a proper eviction process. So I don't know what the legal ramifications are of the city, just like cutting power to people who don't social distance, but.
Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I kind of feel like that to every state kind of his own response and then I'm assuming it's the same elsewhere, but in California seems like every county is like on a different, it's on its own different plan, like every county, there's some state direction, but they're kind of doing their own instruction um depending on where you are, it's a little bit different.
Oh yeah, trump past executive order. Because I
think
it
I think it buffs, it increases unemployment benefits and then I forget there was like a and I think there's some like eviction protections that you put in there too. Well it doesn't really affect me. But yeah, there is, it is nice for those people who definitely needed that. There is some help coming. Mhm. What? It is not to get
super political, but it is like Congress couldn't come up with a deal, so he had to find an executive order. It's like this is kind of Congress's ha ha yeah, it's a little frustrating. But
I think at least definitely the rest of this year it's normal, but I do wonder if Mhm. Because they say best case scenario, the vaccine was like, it was like, it was like 12-18 months. So that would be like February would be like 12 months, like best case scenario. And I mean, I mean, I think even if they have a vaccine in february, I think this is still going to be The norm until like late 2021. Because you need to see me enough people get vaccinated, that's up spreading. But I think we're still gonna have to wear masks and stuff probably for another at least for another year after at least another year from now, maybe more. Right.
Okay, that's good.
Yeah, I happen to be a lot when I first started when I leave my house and like I've got my mass, let's go back. So not normal. I have like I have a couple masks now. I'm reusable ones that I'll wash and um use alcohol or whatever to sanitize them and wash them and soak them. So I have like a masculine things. I have one mask for work of one mask. I leave the house, they want to walk or run or whatever. Have one mask for um like an extra from one of them being washed. So it's like I have like a process now. I kind of have a system. It's just making nobody easier to remember.
That's a good idea.
Mhm. That makes sense. I know. I definitely can imagine certainly hard to people with kids because you can't just like, I mean like for me like I can stay inside, like I can do online classes, I can play video games, I can do stuff by myself. Like when you have kids like keeping them up in a room, it's like brutal.
No.
Yeah. I think, yeah, I think we're about to hit the 25 minute mark.
You
too.
Yeah, me too. It's nice meeting you. I hope you have a good yesterday. I hope uh you can continue to find out about what the kind of distress yourself.
So
thank you. Goodbye.