Hello? Hello?
Hello,
how are you?
I'm good, thank you.
Perfect.
I tend to run a little over sometimes. Have you ever done this before?
I did this one other time after you do this one, you get an opportunity to do another one and I think you're up to four times. It's actually really fun. So this is like my second time doing this.
Yeah. And you get to meet someone new, but where are you from?
Okay, I'm from Pittsburgh. How have things changed since you've been like throughout Covid and everything?
pennsylvania is all over the place with this. They can't decide if they want to reopen or if they want to stay closed. Um, we had a gym that was like reopened and closed. I'm going through a really bad, like divorce right now. So my outlet is going to the gym and when it closed down I was like, oh my gosh, I don't know what to do with myself. So I started picking up like reading books and everything through amazon of course, because the book stores are closed, pretty much everything here is closed and there's not really much you can do, but stay at home. I mean Target and everything is open like the grocery stores, but I mean you get in and you get out, but there's not much else to do here,
it's okay.
That's a really good outlet for me that I've found. Like, especially like reading and everything. Um I was we have two kids together too, so I'm trying to balance like myself, I'm trying to balance the days that I get my kids and it's just a really rough situation. And then on top of that, like our breakup was so bad. I got myself into legal trouble because
yeah, I got really mad when we split and um now I have to go to court and I'm like so anxious about it, but you know, I'm just taking it one day at a time.
I don't know if you're like religious or not, but this is like really scary, like this is my kids growing up, this isn't anything like what I would have expected them to grow up and I never would have expected to be afraid to even take my kids to the park.
But surprisingly we got hit the worst and now it's still, I feel like it's still like out of control, we just went to north Carolina a couple, like it was about a month ago and then as soon as we came back, there was a travel ban and pennsylvania is one of those states to where like there's travel bans, people won't let us because it hasn't really hit full force here in pennsylvania yet, but it's coming up our way and as it's coming up our way more and more states don't want us to come.
my goodness,
the tickets
are expensive still though. And my mom, she's a big cruiser. She has like the Emeralds that are sure whatever where she gets free cruises every year and she's been trying to book them and as she's booking them like further in advance, they keep getting canceled and they keep getting canceled. So now that was her outlet of like,
you know, getting away because my step dad had committed suicide a couple years ago and her outlet was just going away to different places in different countries now she can't even do that.
What else do you do to distress? Like I'll just give you some insight. I probably shouldn't tell you this because I mean, but I mean it's an open book, right? We probably won't talk again. Um I recently was diagnosed with bipolar, so I've been trying to read up on it and I've just been trying to like go with emotions and be more self aware, but like, because everything is closed, it's so hard for me to find that outlet and stick to it besides the gym, but that's not even certain. So, like, what would you recommend that I do?
How does he, is he like able to live a normal life? Because this is also new to me and I'm going through a divorce at the same time and I just feel like I'm like so scared right now, you know, and I just feel like I'm by myself in this battle.
I feel like I'm in that I'm in that trial Phase two just because it's like, so recent have a diagnosis and I actually was in a psych ward for it. I'm a veteran to, so I don't know if that might have contributed to it. I was in the marines and you know, that was the most stressful job I've ever had.
Yeah, I'm only 24, but I'm 100% rate of disability because before it was like PTSD, so I'm not able to actually be in the workforce anymore. So I do this stuff like on the side, you know, just to supplement my income and I don't know if like the military has anything to do with that or if that could have been the cause, but it's just really difficult. I mean like dealing with it and this is also new to me and I just feel alone and I'm trying to figure it out. Have you ever had anything like where you've had something really difficult, but you just managed a way to find through, like college or anything?
I'm
definitely
religious. Yeah. I have the bible right here on my nightstand.
No.
minus like the manic phase, the problem was my manic phase 10. It just like, I don't know, infested me and I wasn't sleeping and I would stay up for like three or four days at a time and I wouldn't get tired and no one could. No, no one like the signs were there, but no one knew what it was until I had that mental breakdown. And then I had to go to a psych ward to get better and to find out the meds that would work for me. But it was just so scary because all these symptoms and these signs were here, But no one picked up on it.
Oh, before I I forced myself to sleep. Now before I wasn't really disciplined in my sleep And it was always unpredictable, which is really bad for my kids too because I was a primary caregiver and my husband was at work from like 12 to 12 because he works in Amazon and he's a manager, so he would be gone all day and then by the time he would get back I would still be up and full of energy. But now I want to discipline myself to where I don't go to bed, pass 11 o'clock and before I was just kind of like sporadic and I would just sleep when I wanted to.
my
goodness.
what kind of books do you read?
most
definitely.
that's really interesting. I'm reading one now um called by yourself. The fucking lily's just because I feel like it's so pertaining in my life and it's all my life. I don't feel like I really ever really loved myself. And because this being diagnosed with bipolar and going through a divorce is like the worst time I'm having two things dealing with at the same time. I feel like now is the time to get to know myself and to love myself a little more a little better than before. Like my my time and my attention was always focused on him and his career and making sure that he did
well and making sure my kids were good. But I'm taking this time now to really take care of myself,
Oh most definitely.
There was, I was in a focus group the other day where this lady um her husband is a small business owner and they're from India and he invested all of his money in his business and his business was forced to shut down because it wasn't an essential business. And they were waiting and praying for this relief to come and now they're going to have to file for bankruptcy and they're gonna be out on the streets during this covid pandemic.
It's just so I don't know it's just I don't think anyone saw this coming. Like even back in december when they said like the covid was present here. I
don't think anybody saw the lasting impact of it. Like I don't see an end to it coming either until that vaccine. And then I saw something on facebook where people that don't take I don't know how true it is. People that don't take the vaccine will be put in jail.
I think everybody did as a nation. I mean being on like the military end of things though and knowing what I know about the military, I definitely see martial law coming into play because people don't want to give up their rights as like american citizens and just stay home and keep the virus you know contained. But either way I feel like it's gonna happen one way or another people, some people are gonna die. Some people aren't, some people are going to be able to fight it off. Some people aren't. But I definitely feel like martial law is coming pretty soon.
That's
still really scary. That's like I feel like that's like an invasion of privacy almost. But that's still really very
I feel like now the government is kind of like over this and the government is just letting the states do their own thing. So I wouldn't be surprised if that you know, if they do have the power to do that just because the government is kind of like, okay, we've helped you all that we can now, it's in your own hands.
Our governor is um his name is Tom Wolfe and he's horrible. He hasn't done anything at all to help the state and like he can't even decide like his left foot from his right, like he doesn't know what to do even in this pandemic. And did you also see um the relief that was coming? There's a relief package that was passed? But then like president trump signed off on the order and then they weren't even sure if it was legal.
Did
you see
what?
So
this is the way of the world now. Where do you see it going? I mean next year where do you think this will be? Do you think this is like the new normal?
I just went to go get some bureau Bradley ones just because like my face mask, I have a whole bunch, but it seems like whenever I go out I always forget them. So I went out and I got these bureau Bradley ones that were really cute. So maybe I won't forget next time I go out
because I won't realize it until I've gotten to the place and I'm like, oh my gosh, I have to go back to my apartment and go get my face mask.
I keep one of my glove box just to make sure that I don't forget it like now.
Yeah, most definitely. So I can just reach over. You know, I always keep a couple extra one to like with my kids. I have a one year old too, so it's a little difficult. I don't like to take her anywhere just because of face mask is so dangerous.
Oh yeah, most definitely. It's just like, sorry. I think
I think the time is up. It's 4:25.
Well, it was so nice talking to you. I
think
we're taking time out of your day to talk to me and um, I really appreciate, I really appreciate it and enjoy talking to you.
Thank you
so much. I hope you do as well and I wish you the best of luck with work and everything. Have a good