SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm. I'm not going. All right. This is expected. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. The federal standards. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not going, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Goodbye. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. I understand. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. What you want to what's that like the last time? Okay. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Of the with his life, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Good idea. Yeah. She is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. All right. I'm not going anywhere. Yeah. Mhm. Hey?
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: it going?
SPEAKER_L: How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you in Wisconsin? Hey, I was wondering that's all the so, yeah. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Everybody always figures that I'm not buying Green Bay. I lived by the twin cities kind of but I'm in
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: Wisconsin. It's
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Have you have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, a couple times before. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Three times. Uh of course the last time I did one uh like three times in a row, the person never showed up. Uh So like now I get worried if the other person can actually like to be here and I'm gonna sit like an idiot for for 20 minutes or something. Uh So it's good that you were here and right on time.
SPEAKER_R: Mm Yeah, that happened to me a couple times too. I think like three times maybe probably uh I'd show up and just nobody was here. Thought it was my computer tried a different computer but it worked before so I don't I don't know. I guess some people just don't show up. It seems like it's about 50 50.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You would think, I mean I forgot what this tastes but pretty easy money for 20 minutes of work. You think everybody would show up? But I guess not. All
SPEAKER_R: So where are you from down south?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. North Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: I could totally accent.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Any time like I go uh like D. C. Or somewhere people ask like where you're from, usually. Mhm. I didn't notice like a Wisconsin accent with you though. Not really because I have a few friends who live in the around Milwaukee and I can like notice there is like really easily.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, the Milwaukee is like five hours from here To
SPEAKER_L: How is that? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I live I live in Wisconsin, Love Wisconsin but I am right on the Minnesota border and I am not a fan of Minnesota, but I would think that minnesotans and Wisconsinites probably sounds similar because
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear a little bit more now. Yeah. So are you in like a small town or?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Real small town. I think it population is like 9000, something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It minds only about probably about 14 or 15.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See I grew up in the town, the population was about 1100. So that was really small time.
SPEAKER_L: wow okay. So you like living in Wisconsin?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I moved to san Antonio for about nine months and that was definitely a culture shock. Just in the sense of going from a small town to the population is gonna be over a million in san Antonio and Wisconsin is a lot smaller people are hunters and fishers and down in san Antonio is definitely a lot different. A lot of cowboys and so it was all right. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Even.
SPEAKER_R: But I prefer the small town. What
SPEAKER_L: Did you
SPEAKER_R: what's
SPEAKER_L: move there?
SPEAKER_R: that? Yeah. Go again.
SPEAKER_L: Did you move down there for work?
SPEAKER_R: Kind of I uh in 2000 and eight or whenever it was when the recession was I got laid off my job and a buddy of mine did electronics for me to come down and work with them and I did. And it worked out all right. But my family is all up here and I do, I really enjoy the state. I got, I've got friends here that live here that have grown up here that absolutely despised. I want to get out of here and eat your own. I'm not gonna fall to anyone, but I absolutely love it here.
SPEAKER_L: What the I'll uh like the winter would be like like the biggest adjustment for me. Probably thought if I had to move out there.
SPEAKER_R: So what's your winner like there then? I guess? I don't know much about north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: Oh gosh. I mean it can vary but a normal winner would be a couple of light snow falls and then like maybe one little ice storm. Uh but it's not uncommon to like to have nothing here for like the entire winter and then but we've also had snows for flight 12 18 inches before. Uh So there's a lot of variation to it, but for the most part it's really it's just cold during the winter. It's not weather, it's not that big of a deal here in the winter. Uh I'm similar to you. Uh I moved up to D. C. For a while. Um And like that. All right, it was fine living there but ended up coming back here and just realized that this was where I wanted to be. Uh This is where my family is is where most of my friends are uh as well. So there's nothing like the the appeal of coming back home so I can definitely relate to you going back to Wisconsin.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I do enjoy it here. So what do you do for hobbies? You follow any sports or anything
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah for expect time. Uh I follow all the major ones uh you know big time Carolina panthers fan. Uh like the Carolina hurricanes for hockey, they're actually playing right now. And I like I like the N. B. A more of a casual kind of NBA fan um That I really like college sports, I mean that's huge down here. Uh So but yeah, I mean I like all the major sports really. I try to try to get the games in person uh when I can I'm a few hours from charlotte a couple hours from Raleigh where the teams are. So yeah. Big sports fan.
SPEAKER_R: So you have big Julius peppers fan then?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. I love Peppers. Yeah. Great. I was glad when he came back to the panthers. Uh Hate that he never won a Super bowl here. Uh I really wish you would have thought he deserved it, but of course, of course he played for the Bears, so I guess you trust me, didn't I really didn't like it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: No, I've always liked him. He
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: seems he's just such a humble, I mean, it seems like just a great person. Uh, so when he came to the packers, I was absolutely stoked and it was, and I don't, I hold a lot of grudges. So there's a lot of NFL teams I don't care for, but the panthers are not one of them. I've always kind of liked the panthers. So when he went back to, you know, like you said his home and Carolina, I was all for it and I never had any qualms. So I kind of hope like Green Bay didn't get to give him that championship. Maybe he'll get it this last. But
SPEAKER_L: last year it was just that it was a disaster with cam getting hurt and just didn't really have anything behind him or anything. Uh So yeah, I hated his last year. It was that bad. I mean, he's you know, he gives a ton of money too to like charities around here and all that and he he's a very popular guy uh in the state, definitely. So have you have you been to many gangs, Lambo or Enough
SPEAKER_R: I went to a couple when I was younger. I wasn't a huge fan, but my aunt was always just die hard. So she brought me to a couple when I was younger and I never thought I'd go again because I mean ticket prices and all that and
SPEAKER_L: after
SPEAKER_R: Green Bay is like four hours from here, you have to get a hotel. And
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: Green Bay is such a small town that you can get a hotel there and I have during the off season and it's 60 70 bucks.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: But then during games it's, you know, 182 $100. Uh but once I got old enough and thought like you know what? I was like probably 21 22. Like I have a job I can just by my own tickets if I got to save some money. So I've been to probably like eight or so in the last 10 years or so and I wish I could get there more often. But now I have kids and the ticket prices are going down. Hotel
SPEAKER_L: outcome
SPEAKER_R: races
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: are going down. So
SPEAKER_L: there?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't been in the last couple of years, but hopefully we'll make it back one day. They've got something called Family Night, which is just basically a scrimmage, the one the first string offense, first string defense and then they have a huge firework show at the end. It's only 10 bucks to get in. So they aren't doing it this year or not in front of fans because of Covid. But
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I hope to take the kids there sometimes because they they might not care as much about the football, but the fire, the fireworks and the light shows. I mean as you'd imagine the NFL teams, so it's over the top.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's like I try to get at least one preseason game every year because it's a lot easier to get a ticket. It's not nearly not nearly as expensive, but I mean like charlotte's three hours for me and the traffic is horrendous. And you know, the tiny pay parking and everything else. I mean there's a lot of money to just to go to one game so normally I'm quite content to just got a big screen HDTVs usually content to just sit down in the den and watch it that way. So Uh huh So there's a I try to keep up with the pack like not closely like you do probably but I can just remember back during the draft and stuff. So is it like probably like coming towards the end for Aaron Rodgers there or leading
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: up?
SPEAKER_R: know. And it's funny the fans are pretty much split. Like some of the fans are like cut him, take a couple or trade and get a couple of draft picks out of it, get him out of here. He's at the end of his career and the other half of the fan base is he's got at least five more years under his belt. We got to keep him and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I am no clue. I I think that's part of the reason I I like football so much as you don't know. I mean I you see good players go that you don't want to see go there at the end of their careers and it's but you never see it coming. So I mean it's I think Rodgers has probably two or three more good years left in him but I have no clue.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well that's the thing with cam leaving uh you know, his body last couple years have just been like completely broken down um and it was like they re sign them or not. I mean it's such a big big risk when you don't know how his health is going to be but you hate for him to leave because he's the face of the franchise uh and so forth. And I was like, really torn on like what they should do about him. Uh, and then I like him a lot. But then when he went to New England, uh, I was like, all the places you have to go, like the one team I don't want to risk for England. I don't know. I mean, I hope he knows. All right. I don't want no one to stop from all over anything, but I hope he goes up there and it does okay. Uh, but they want enough. So I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I agree. New England doesn't seem to be a very popular team outside of New England.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no. Not at all. Not at all. I mean, I know a few fans who were kind of like bandwagon patriots fan. I think just because they want so much. But yeah, I think get out of New England, they're not not as popular at all, know what? So people are just tired of them all the things that they've had the last, you know, several years, what's going on?
SPEAKER_R: that's how I am.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'll be interested to see how brady does in Tampa and then how new England does without him at the same time because you and I know brady's getting older, but you kind of wonder like that was most responsible for their success. Was it brady or was it that the patriots system and Belichick? Uh But I don't know of course, you know, last year I didn't think brady was really, he wasn't anything special. Uh so I don't know. We'll see. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it'll be interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just hope they play uh cause I worry all the time about the season getting canceled. But I don't know I guess maybe though, try and play just probably not have uh either any fans at all or may be very kind of limited amount. I don't know. But it would be strange not to have football.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah it's going to be interesting. I'm see it's easier I think for a team like the Packers because like I said Green Bay is not a very big town either. So I
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: mean it's it's bigger than where I live, obviously, but it's, I went there a couple of times like I said, during the off season and it looks just like my town, like there's nothing going on. You go there during game weekend and there's just people everywhere. But during the off season it's just a regular town.
SPEAKER_L: it's not I can't remember. I mean it's not I mean it's not a I mean it's not a big city at all. Right. I mean it's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: okay thanks. So
SPEAKER_R: And that's why they'll never get the Super Bowl. Packer fans complain all the time. And I, I would like to see a Super Bowl there. But the logistics are just the fact that the town's so small, they don't have the hotel
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: capacity for all the media and all the chaos that would ensue.
SPEAKER_L: I mean Wisconsin?
SPEAKER_R: so they could handle it a little better. But the bigger cities, like, you know, Tampa Bay and Miami, they, I mean probably a little bit harder to control their keep people from getting anything
SPEAKER_L: Well I don't think charlotte will ever have it. I mean there's no real big appeal to to having a Super bowl in charlotte. I don't mind. I wouldn't be able to afford to go anyway. So what what's the big deal to me I guess? Uh So I don't know but I've just been I've been hoping for like the last few weeks hoping that because I like I love the panthers don't get me wrong but I like college football more than I like the NFL and I get season tickets for U. N. C. Yeah and just been hoping we'll have the season and it seems like one day it seems like it's definitely going to happen and then maybe not I don't know it's just I've been going every year for you know 15 20 years since I did not have like that be part of my fall routine now would just be like really really strange. So. Uh.
SPEAKER_R: I've never been to a college. Uh one of my co workers offered to bring me one time because he said the badgers game, he said and this guy is a lifelong packer fan but
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: he said the badgers game, it's a whole different world when you go to the go to the college game like that. He's like it's insane. And I I'd like to see the badgers sometime in person. I mean I'm the opposite of you kind of like I like the badgers but I follow the packers more and more of an NFL guy. But I would definitely love to go to a college game. I think that the it would be great the Packers games. A lot of old people. So I mean really? Yeah, you listen to a lot of people like sit down, I can't see and I mean you're trying to get up and cheer for your team, and it sounds like college is the opposite where it's just everybody's just amped up and into the game, and that sounds pretty excited.
SPEAKER_L: Well man I know the NFL has it too but like at least for us like the college too you know the tailgating a lot of places starts on friday and goes to like the whole saturday. Uh There's just a lot of traditions and stuff like that that the NFL, I know the packers probably have that a lot of NFL teams just don't have. This is kind of unique about college that I like. Um But anyways, fun. Will you follow any of the other ladies?
SPEAKER_R: I I am an insanely Abbott Packers fan, so a few years ago, like the off season is the worst thing ever, and I was like every time this hits, like I don't know what to do with myself all of a sudden. So I started following the brewers because I like beer,
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: and I was like, well that's an amazing team name. So I started following the brewers and it's been rocky. I mean they did good couple, they've done good recently this year, they're kind of in a slump, but it's their 60 game season, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well we don't have, we don't have a major league team here but uh like we have a ton of minor leagues teams and you can go to a game for shit, not even five bucks, get a beer and a hot dog and all that for a very reasonable price and just enjoy like the nice weather and all that. It's a lot of, I like baseball is not my favorite sport by any means but uh I like going to minor league games just to have fun, relax and all that is at a very affordable price. Uh I enjoy doing it.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, the brewers games are pretty cheap. I went to, I've actually went to I think two or three in the last few years. Uh and I brought my kids with, and it was one time it was, they got two kids got to run the basis at the end of the game, which was pretty cool. But I don't think I've ever paid more like 25 bucks a ticket, but like I said, Milwaukee's like five hour drive from here, so the ticket might not be too much, but then there's gas to get in there and then the hotel and all that jazz, but
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: the same
SPEAKER_L: the,
SPEAKER_R: way,
SPEAKER_L: even the college games I go to uh I mean the like ticket price on that, the full price on that, not buying it on like the secondary market, but the full price for that's like 55 $60 now and it was 10, 15 years ago. It's just like 30 something. I mean it just goes up every single year. It's gotten kind of ridiculous. Uh But in truth I'll keep paying it. The thing. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: gotta do.
SPEAKER_L: it's like the one thing that like, I splurge on a little bit that I treat myself to I guess uh that'll take like expensive vacations or anything like that. Um So six weekends, six Saturdays a year paying 50 bucks for a ticket, I don't mind. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's not too bad. I mean, really? I mean, are you talking about college football games? Right. Yeah. See that's not bad at all. I'd pay 50 bucks in a heartbeat to go see a badger's game and I don't know what the prices are. I've never actually been to one, but that's not bad compared to NFL prices.
SPEAKER_L: uh NFL Robbie, a blonde.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. So you go to any hurricanes. You said you liked the hurricanes, go to any of their games.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was you, it's interesting. Uh north Carolina. It's uh I mean obviously the southern state, we've had like a big influx people from up north kind of moved down here in the last 2025 years kind of as that's happened and as the hurricanes moved down, hockey has really started to increase um in popularity because when I was a kid uh I mean there's no virtually there are virtually no use hockey here or anything like that at all. But now you're starting to see programs like that and I mean the hurricanes they're still behind the panthers and the hornets and like the college teams. But I mean they've gotten a lot popular a lot more popular since they first started. Uh And when they won the Stanley cup that really helps a lot. So I enjoy watching and I call myself a casual fan. I don't pretend to be a hockey expert by any means but I don't really follow it. It's a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_R: Break my bones.
SPEAKER_L: And it's the one sport where I really, especially if you have good seats uh where I think going to a game in person is a lot better than watching it on T. V. I did the action so intense. Uh So I try to go I try to go maybe one game a year probably. Well
SPEAKER_R: Nice. So you really get out and see your sports. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: I like to yeah it's fun. Uh Yeah I mean that's the thing is over it and sports stopping.
SPEAKER_R: Before.
SPEAKER_L: Uh No they're picking back up now but gosh from you know middle March to july was just like a wasteland of. Absolutely no it's formula thankfully you had the draft and a couple of other things to watch. But it was I'd actually uh for one or two months I'd actually canceled my Youtube tv uh subscription because I only really use that to watch sports and there was nothing at all like at all the wife. So it actually saved me a little bit of money. But I hope just for some degree of normalcy that it all started to come back and maybe next year we'll be kind of like back to normal.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's what I'm hoping to because basketball came back. It's a little bit different. I haven't watched. I I'm not a Dallas stars fan Minnesota. So close. There's a lot of Minnesota fans around here. So I pretty much hate all Minnesota teams and most of the wild fans despise the stars. Therefore I am. I if I were to pick a team would be Stars. I mean, I don't follow hockey that closely, but it seems like things are starting to slowly. I mean, they're not normal sports by any means, but at least it's sports.
SPEAKER_L: At least it's something. Yeah. Yeah. I mean when when we're actually able to go to games again, who knows? But yeah, at least it's something uh but you mentioned that about Minnesota so I know it's been like a long time now, but what was it like when far went to the Vikings?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it was bad. There's still so much hate like I I don't have anything against them at the time. I was bitter as can be like why why? And again I live on the border. I know the Bears are their biggest rival but where I live, the Vikings are their biggest rival because the borders right there. We've got so many people here that are packed or Vikings fans and then so many people right on the other side of the border that are packers fans. So the rivalry here is more so Vikings. Uh, and there I have my best friend's still to this day like absolutely despises far like Yeah. And it's really funny because he got a jersey a couple of years ago, his mom bottom assigned fire of Jersey frame and he was not happy. He sent me a message of it and I was like, well give it to me then and he would not, but there's still a lot of fans that are insanely bitter about it. Like I said, I was at the time, but I mean it is what it is
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I get it. I mean, well I can remember a little bit about it with Rogers like when he got drafted and all that, what was gonna happen. But I mean I guess you just have this like I guess it's kind of similar now with Rogers and I
SPEAKER_R: love.
SPEAKER_L: can yeah with what we build for the future or try to win one more with Rogers. I don't know. That's a that's a tough decision.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it'll be interesting to see, I hope and I know it's not realistic. It's unrealistic expectation, but I hope that Jordan Love fills in just like Rogers did with fire. But the odds of going back to back to back Hall of Fame quarterbacks like that is pretty much it's not gonna happen.
SPEAKER_L: I swear like right now that you know, if they're not going to have any preseason games and all that's going to be really tough on guys like Jordan love and all that to not get in uh any reps much or anything like that. They're gonna if he has to play and he's just gonna get thrown to the wolves, just see how it goes. I don't know. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. On the right side of their offensive line is a lot of question marks. So if Jordan love got thrown in there, I mean, I would assume most teams that attack the weak side of the line and all right, let's get this rookie and you know, get them from this side of the weak side and would probably be a rude awakening.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I don't have I don't have much confidence in the panthers for this year. Cover got a new coach um and we got different quarterback and I think this year just gonna be like a throwaway year just trying to put in a new system and everything. So if they if they make the playoffs, I will be shocked. I'm fully expecting like five and 11 uh something like that. Which okay, so be it. So
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I went home.
SPEAKER_R: what I thought for the Packers last year though. And then they end up going 13 and three. So
SPEAKER_L: That's right, yeah, that's true, that's true.
SPEAKER_R: because I the last game I actually went to is when they were playing the cardinals and I was sitting kind of off kilter, the uh, field goal posts and then the last second Crosby was kicking a field goal that would have won the game. And I thought it was in and I was celebrating and then realized like, oh no, it looked to me like it came in and realized when everyone else was bitter that like, no.
SPEAKER_L: I have that same problem when I go to games all the time, when they feel that you cannot like at least I said, you cannot tell if it went in or not. And I actually have like a second or so and some official signals, something that like, it's interesting you say that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then they, on the ride back, I told my I love mike McCarthy, but I told my aunt who I went to the game with, I was like, that's that's the end for him. And I think it was, I don't know if we stayed the night, but on our way back we had, I got an update said Mike McCarthy was fired and I was like, yeah, I knew that was gonna happen.
SPEAKER_L: or that was the same way with Ron Rivera. Like, I mean, you know, we went to a Super Bowl with him, had some success and all that. I think everybody just felt like it. We just needed a fresh start. Uh you know, he hadn't done bad or anything at all, but we just needed something. We just need someone new, needed new energy, uh and so forth. So I get a lot of packers like got rid of him completely.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And you guys got Mccaffrey who is a study and a half, so Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Really? We looked at with him, I enjoy watching him play. Even when we're even for getting killed, just seeing him plays great. I just worry that there, especially
SPEAKER_R: over using
SPEAKER_L: given
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: him a ball so much and he's not a big guy. I mean he's just gonna get run down and like, you know, five or six seasons or something, like a lot of running backs to his career won't, it won't be that long, I don't know. But yeah, he's dynamite to to watch him play. He's caught on with the fans a lot. He's now, especially with Sam Gone, he's probably the most popular player on the team now, definitely. Yeah, he's fine to watch. Well, uh well, I think we're up on the 25 minutes, but that was that was nice to meet you is fun to talk some squirts. You know how
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: these things are going to go and if you're going to like the other person or not, so it's good to have the salt.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, same here. Nice to talk sports. You have a good one. Good luck with your season this year,
SPEAKER_L: All right. Take care.
SPEAKER_R: you too. But.