Hey, how's
it going?
Not too bad.
Everybody always figures that I'm not buying Green Bay. I lived by the twin cities kind of but I'm in
Wisconsin. It's
Yes, a couple times before. How about you?
Mm Yeah, that happened to me a couple times too. I think like three times maybe probably uh I'd show up and just nobody was here. Thought it was my computer tried a different computer but it worked before so I don't I don't know. I guess some people just don't show up. It seems like it's about 50 50.
So where are you from down south?
I could totally accent.
Yeah. Yeah, the Milwaukee is like five hours from here To
yeah, I live I live in Wisconsin, Love Wisconsin but I am right on the Minnesota border and I am not a fan of Minnesota, but I would think that minnesotans and Wisconsinites probably sounds similar because
yeah. Real small town. I think it population is like 9000, something like that.
Yeah. See I grew up in the town, the population was about 1100. So that was really small time.
Yeah I moved to san Antonio for about nine months and that was definitely a culture shock. Just in the sense of going from a small town to the population is gonna be over a million in san Antonio and Wisconsin is a lot smaller people are hunters and fishers and down in san Antonio is definitely a lot different. A lot of cowboys and so it was all right. Uh
But I prefer the small town. What
what's
that? Yeah. Go again.
Kind of I uh in 2000 and eight or whenever it was when the recession was I got laid off my job and a buddy of mine did electronics for me to come down and work with them and I did. And it worked out all right. But my family is all up here and I do, I really enjoy the state. I got, I've got friends here that live here that have grown up here that absolutely despised. I want to get out of here and eat your own. I'm not gonna fall to anyone, but I absolutely love it here.
So what's your winner like there then? I guess? I don't know much about north Carolina.
Yeah. And I do enjoy it here. So what do you do for hobbies? You follow any sports or anything
So you have big Julius peppers fan then?
No, I've always liked him. He
seems he's just such a humble, I mean, it seems like just a great person. Uh, so when he came to the packers, I was absolutely stoked and it was, and I don't, I hold a lot of grudges. So there's a lot of NFL teams I don't care for, but the panthers are not one of them. I've always kind of liked the panthers. So when he went back to, you know, like you said his home and Carolina, I was all for it and I never had any qualms. So I kind of hope like Green Bay didn't get to give him that championship. Maybe he'll get it this last. But
I went to a couple when I was younger. I wasn't a huge fan, but my aunt was always just die hard. So she brought me to a couple when I was younger and I never thought I'd go again because I mean ticket prices and all that and
Green Bay is like four hours from here, you have to get a hotel. And
Green Bay is such a small town that you can get a hotel there and I have during the off season and it's 60 70 bucks.
But then during games it's, you know, 182 $100. Uh but once I got old enough and thought like you know what? I was like probably 21 22. Like I have a job I can just by my own tickets if I got to save some money. So I've been to probably like eight or so in the last 10 years or so and I wish I could get there more often. But now I have kids and the ticket prices are going down. Hotel
races
are going down. So
I haven't been in the last couple of years, but hopefully we'll make it back one day. They've got something called Family Night, which is just basically a scrimmage, the one the first string offense, first string defense and then they have a huge firework show at the end. It's only 10 bucks to get in. So they aren't doing it this year or not in front of fans because of Covid. But
I hope to take the kids there sometimes because they they might not care as much about the football, but the fire, the fireworks and the light shows. I mean as you'd imagine the NFL teams, so it's over the top.
I don't
know. And it's funny the fans are pretty much split. Like some of the fans are like cut him, take a couple or trade and get a couple of draft picks out of it, get him out of here. He's at the end of his career and the other half of the fan base is he's got at least five more years under his belt. We got to keep him and
I am no clue. I I think that's part of the reason I I like football so much as you don't know. I mean I you see good players go that you don't want to see go there at the end of their careers and it's but you never see it coming. So I mean it's I think Rodgers has probably two or three more good years left in him but I have no clue.
Yeah I agree. New England doesn't seem to be a very popular team outside of New England.
that's how I am.
Yeah it'll be interesting.
But yeah it's going to be interesting. I'm see it's easier I think for a team like the Packers because like I said Green Bay is not a very big town either. So I
mean it's it's bigger than where I live, obviously, but it's, I went there a couple of times like I said, during the off season and it looks just like my town, like there's nothing going on. You go there during game weekend and there's just people everywhere. But during the off season it's just a regular town.
No.
And that's why they'll never get the Super Bowl. Packer fans complain all the time. And I, I would like to see a Super Bowl there. But the logistics are just the fact that the town's so small, they don't have the hotel
capacity for all the media and all the chaos that would ensue.
so they could handle it a little better. But the bigger cities, like, you know, Tampa Bay and Miami, they, I mean probably a little bit harder to control their keep people from getting anything
I've never been to a college. Uh one of my co workers offered to bring me one time because he said the badgers game, he said and this guy is a lifelong packer fan but
he said the badgers game, it's a whole different world when you go to the go to the college game like that. He's like it's insane. And I I'd like to see the badgers sometime in person. I mean I'm the opposite of you kind of like I like the badgers but I follow the packers more and more of an NFL guy. But I would definitely love to go to a college game. I think that the it would be great the Packers games. A lot of old people. So I mean really? Yeah, you listen to a lot of people like sit down, I can't see and I mean you're trying to get up and cheer for your team, and it sounds like college is the opposite where it's just everybody's just amped up and into the game, and that sounds pretty excited.
I I am an insanely Abbott Packers fan, so a few years ago, like the off season is the worst thing ever, and I was like every time this hits, like I don't know what to do with myself all of a sudden. So I started following the brewers because I like beer,
and I was like, well that's an amazing team name. So I started following the brewers and it's been rocky. I mean they did good couple, they've done good recently this year, they're kind of in a slump, but it's their 60 game season, so
Yes, the brewers games are pretty cheap. I went to, I've actually went to I think two or three in the last few years. Uh and I brought my kids with, and it was one time it was, they got two kids got to run the basis at the end of the game, which was pretty cool. But I don't think I've ever paid more like 25 bucks a ticket, but like I said, Milwaukee's like five hour drive from here, so the ticket might not be too much, but then there's gas to get in there and then the hotel and all that jazz, but
I'm
the same
way,
gotta do.
Yeah, that's not too bad. I mean, really? I mean, are you talking about college football games? Right. Yeah. See that's not bad at all. I'd pay 50 bucks in a heartbeat to go see a badger's game and I don't know what the prices are. I've never actually been to one, but that's not bad compared to NFL prices.
Yes. So you go to any hurricanes. You said you liked the hurricanes, go to any of their games.
Break my bones.
Nice. So you really get out and see your sports. Huh?
Before.
Yeah, that's what I'm hoping to because basketball came back. It's a little bit different. I haven't watched. I I'm not a Dallas stars fan Minnesota. So close. There's a lot of Minnesota fans around here. So I pretty much hate all Minnesota teams and most of the wild fans despise the stars. Therefore I am. I if I were to pick a team would be Stars. I mean, I don't follow hockey that closely, but it seems like things are starting to slowly. I mean, they're not normal sports by any means, but at least it's sports.
Oh, it was bad. There's still so much hate like I I don't have anything against them at the time. I was bitter as can be like why why? And again I live on the border. I know the Bears are their biggest rival but where I live, the Vikings are their biggest rival because the borders right there. We've got so many people here that are packed or Vikings fans and then so many people right on the other side of the border that are packers fans. So the rivalry here is more so Vikings. Uh, and there I have my best friend's still to this day like absolutely despises far like Yeah. And it's really funny because he got a jersey a couple of years ago, his mom bottom assigned fire of Jersey frame and he was not happy. He sent me a message of it and I was like, well give it to me then and he would not, but there's still a lot of fans that are insanely bitter about it. Like I said, I was at the time, but I mean it is what it is
love.
Yeah, it'll be interesting to see, I hope and I know it's not realistic. It's unrealistic expectation, but I hope that Jordan Love fills in just like Rogers did with fire. But the odds of going back to back to back Hall of Fame quarterbacks like that is pretty much it's not gonna happen.
Yeah. On the right side of their offensive line is a lot of question marks. So if Jordan love got thrown in there, I mean, I would assume most teams that attack the weak side of the line and all right, let's get this rookie and you know, get them from this side of the weak side and would probably be a rude awakening.
that's
what I thought for the Packers last year though. And then they end up going 13 and three. So
because I the last game I actually went to is when they were playing the cardinals and I was sitting kind of off kilter, the uh, field goal posts and then the last second Crosby was kicking a field goal that would have won the game. And I thought it was in and I was celebrating and then realized like, oh no, it looked to me like it came in and realized when everyone else was bitter that like, no.
Yeah. And then they, on the ride back, I told my I love mike McCarthy, but I told my aunt who I went to the game with, I was like, that's that's the end for him. And I think it was, I don't know if we stayed the night, but on our way back we had, I got an update said Mike McCarthy was fired and I was like, yeah, I knew that was gonna happen.
Yeah. And you guys got Mccaffrey who is a study and a half, so Oh,
over using
them.
I know.
Yeah, same here. Nice to talk sports. You have a good one. Good luck with your season this year,
you too. But.