Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm. I'm not going. All right. This is expected. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. The federal standards. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not going, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Goodbye. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. I understand. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. What you want to what's that like the last time? Okay. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Of the with his life, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Good idea. Yeah. She is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. All right. I'm not going anywhere. Yeah. Mhm. Hey?
Good.
How are you?
Yeah. Are you in Wisconsin? Hey, I was wondering that's all the so, yeah. Mm.
Whoa.
Okay. Have you have you done one of these before?
Yeah. Three times. Uh of course the last time I did one uh like three times in a row, the person never showed up. Uh So like now I get worried if the other person can actually like to be here and I'm gonna sit like an idiot for for 20 minutes or something. Uh So it's good that you were here and right on time.
Yeah. You would think, I mean I forgot what this tastes but pretty easy money for 20 minutes of work. You think everybody would show up? But I guess not. All
Yeah. North Carolina.
Yeah. Any time like I go uh like D. C. Or somewhere people ask like where you're from, usually. Mhm. I didn't notice like a Wisconsin accent with you though. Not really because I have a few friends who live in the around Milwaukee and I can like notice there is like really easily.
How is that? Okay.
Yeah, I can hear a little bit more now. Yeah. So are you in like a small town or?
Okay. It minds only about probably about 14 or 15.
wow okay. So you like living in Wisconsin?
Even.
Did you
move there?
Did you move down there for work?
What the I'll uh like the winter would be like like the biggest adjustment for me. Probably thought if I had to move out there.
Oh gosh. I mean it can vary but a normal winner would be a couple of light snow falls and then like maybe one little ice storm. Uh but it's not uncommon to like to have nothing here for like the entire winter and then but we've also had snows for flight 12 18 inches before. Uh So there's a lot of variation to it, but for the most part it's really it's just cold during the winter. It's not weather, it's not that big of a deal here in the winter. Uh I'm similar to you. Uh I moved up to D. C. For a while. Um And like that. All right, it was fine living there but ended up coming back here and just realized that this was where I wanted to be. Uh This is where my family is is where most of my friends are uh as well. So there's nothing like the the appeal of coming back home so I can definitely relate to you going back to Wisconsin.
Oh yeah for expect time. Uh I follow all the major ones uh you know big time Carolina panthers fan. Uh like the Carolina hurricanes for hockey, they're actually playing right now. And I like I like the N. B. A more of a casual kind of NBA fan um That I really like college sports, I mean that's huge down here. Uh So but yeah, I mean I like all the major sports really. I try to try to get the games in person uh when I can I'm a few hours from charlotte a couple hours from Raleigh where the teams are. So yeah. Big sports fan.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I love Peppers. Yeah. Great. I was glad when he came back to the panthers. Uh Hate that he never won a Super bowl here. Uh I really wish you would have thought he deserved it, but of course, of course he played for the Bears, so I guess you trust me, didn't I really didn't like it. Mhm.
All
last year it was just that it was a disaster with cam getting hurt and just didn't really have anything behind him or anything. Uh So yeah, I hated his last year. It was that bad. I mean, he's you know, he gives a ton of money too to like charities around here and all that and he he's a very popular guy uh in the state, definitely. So have you have you been to many gangs, Lambo or Enough
after
well
and
outcome
of
there?
Well,
Yeah, that's like I try to get at least one preseason game every year because it's a lot easier to get a ticket. It's not nearly not nearly as expensive, but I mean like charlotte's three hours for me and the traffic is horrendous. And you know, the tiny pay parking and everything else. I mean there's a lot of money to just to go to one game so normally I'm quite content to just got a big screen HDTVs usually content to just sit down in the den and watch it that way. So Uh huh So there's a I try to keep up with the pack like not closely like you do probably but I can just remember back during the draft and stuff. So is it like probably like coming towards the end for Aaron Rodgers there or leading
up?
And
Yeah. Well that's the thing with cam leaving uh you know, his body last couple years have just been like completely broken down um and it was like they re sign them or not. I mean it's such a big big risk when you don't know how his health is going to be but you hate for him to leave because he's the face of the franchise uh and so forth. And I was like, really torn on like what they should do about him. Uh, and then I like him a lot. But then when he went to New England, uh, I was like, all the places you have to go, like the one team I don't want to risk for England. I don't know. I mean, I hope he knows. All right. I don't want no one to stop from all over anything, but I hope he goes up there and it does okay. Uh, but they want enough. So I don't know.
No, no, no. Not at all. Not at all. I mean, I know a few fans who were kind of like bandwagon patriots fan. I think just because they want so much. But yeah, I think get out of New England, they're not not as popular at all, know what? So people are just tired of them all the things that they've had the last, you know, several years, what's going on?
Yeah, I'll be interested to see how brady does in Tampa and then how new England does without him at the same time because you and I know brady's getting older, but you kind of wonder like that was most responsible for their success. Was it brady or was it that the patriots system and Belichick? Uh But I don't know of course, you know, last year I didn't think brady was really, he wasn't anything special. Uh so I don't know. We'll see. Uh
Yeah, I just hope they play uh cause I worry all the time about the season getting canceled. But I don't know I guess maybe though, try and play just probably not have uh either any fans at all or may be very kind of limited amount. I don't know. But it would be strange not to have football.
correct.
it's not I can't remember. I mean it's not I mean it's not a I mean it's not a big city at all. Right. I mean it's
okay thanks. So
have
I mean Wisconsin?
Well I don't think charlotte will ever have it. I mean there's no real big appeal to to having a Super bowl in charlotte. I don't mind. I wouldn't be able to afford to go anyway. So what what's the big deal to me I guess? Uh So I don't know but I've just been I've been hoping for like the last few weeks hoping that because I like I love the panthers don't get me wrong but I like college football more than I like the NFL and I get season tickets for U. N. C. Yeah and just been hoping we'll have the season and it seems like one day it seems like it's definitely going to happen and then maybe not I don't know it's just I've been going every year for you know 15 20 years since I did not have like that be part of my fall routine now would just be like really really strange. So. Uh.
What?
Well man I know the NFL has it too but like at least for us like the college too you know the tailgating a lot of places starts on friday and goes to like the whole saturday. Uh There's just a lot of traditions and stuff like that that the NFL, I know the packers probably have that a lot of NFL teams just don't have. This is kind of unique about college that I like. Um But anyways, fun. Will you follow any of the other ladies?
man.
Yeah. Well we don't have, we don't have a major league team here but uh like we have a ton of minor leagues teams and you can go to a game for shit, not even five bucks, get a beer and a hot dog and all that for a very reasonable price and just enjoy like the nice weather and all that. It's a lot of, I like baseball is not my favorite sport by any means but uh I like going to minor league games just to have fun, relax and all that is at a very affordable price. Uh I enjoy doing it.
Well
even
the,
even the college games I go to uh I mean the like ticket price on that, the full price on that, not buying it on like the secondary market, but the full price for that's like 55 $60 now and it was 10, 15 years ago. It's just like 30 something. I mean it just goes up every single year. It's gotten kind of ridiculous. Uh But in truth I'll keep paying it. The thing. Yeah,
it's like the one thing that like, I splurge on a little bit that I treat myself to I guess uh that'll take like expensive vacations or anything like that. Um So six weekends, six Saturdays a year paying 50 bucks for a ticket, I don't mind. Uh huh.
uh NFL Robbie, a blonde.
Yeah, it was you, it's interesting. Uh north Carolina. It's uh I mean obviously the southern state, we've had like a big influx people from up north kind of moved down here in the last 2025 years kind of as that's happened and as the hurricanes moved down, hockey has really started to increase um in popularity because when I was a kid uh I mean there's no virtually there are virtually no use hockey here or anything like that at all. But now you're starting to see programs like that and I mean the hurricanes they're still behind the panthers and the hornets and like the college teams. But I mean they've gotten a lot popular a lot more popular since they first started. Uh And when they won the Stanley cup that really helps a lot. So I enjoy watching and I call myself a casual fan. I don't pretend to be a hockey expert by any means but I don't really follow it. It's a lot of fun.
And it's the one sport where I really, especially if you have good seats uh where I think going to a game in person is a lot better than watching it on T. V. I did the action so intense. Uh So I try to go I try to go maybe one game a year probably. Well
I like to yeah it's fun. Uh Yeah I mean that's the thing is over it and sports stopping.
Uh No they're picking back up now but gosh from you know middle March to july was just like a wasteland of. Absolutely no it's formula thankfully you had the draft and a couple of other things to watch. But it was I'd actually uh for one or two months I'd actually canceled my Youtube tv uh subscription because I only really use that to watch sports and there was nothing at all like at all the wife. So it actually saved me a little bit of money. But I hope just for some degree of normalcy that it all started to come back and maybe next year we'll be kind of like back to normal.
At least it's something. Yeah. Yeah. I mean when when we're actually able to go to games again, who knows? But yeah, at least it's something uh but you mentioned that about Minnesota so I know it's been like a long time now, but what was it like when far went to the Vikings?
Yeah. Yeah, I get it. I mean, well I can remember a little bit about it with Rogers like when he got drafted and all that, what was gonna happen. But I mean I guess you just have this like I guess it's kind of similar now with Rogers and I
can yeah with what we build for the future or try to win one more with Rogers. I don't know. That's a that's a tough decision.
I swear like right now that you know, if they're not going to have any preseason games and all that's going to be really tough on guys like Jordan love and all that to not get in uh any reps much or anything like that. They're gonna if he has to play and he's just gonna get thrown to the wolves, just see how it goes. I don't know. Uh
Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I don't have I don't have much confidence in the panthers for this year. Cover got a new coach um and we got different quarterback and I think this year just gonna be like a throwaway year just trying to put in a new system and everything. So if they if they make the playoffs, I will be shocked. I'm fully expecting like five and 11 uh something like that. Which okay, so be it. So
I went home.
That's right, yeah, that's true, that's true.
I have that same problem when I go to games all the time, when they feel that you cannot like at least I said, you cannot tell if it went in or not. And I actually have like a second or so and some official signals, something that like, it's interesting you say that
or that was the same way with Ron Rivera. Like, I mean, you know, we went to a Super Bowl with him, had some success and all that. I think everybody just felt like it. We just needed a fresh start. Uh you know, he hadn't done bad or anything at all, but we just needed something. We just need someone new, needed new energy, uh and so forth. So I get a lot of packers like got rid of him completely.
Really? We looked at with him, I enjoy watching him play. Even when we're even for getting killed, just seeing him plays great. I just worry that there, especially
given
him a ball so much and he's not a big guy. I mean he's just gonna get run down and like, you know, five or six seasons or something, like a lot of running backs to his career won't, it won't be that long, I don't know. But yeah, he's dynamite to to watch him play. He's caught on with the fans a lot. He's now, especially with Sam Gone, he's probably the most popular player on the team now, definitely. Yeah, he's fine to watch. Well, uh well, I think we're up on the 25 minutes, but that was that was nice to meet you is fun to talk some squirts. You know how
these things are going to go and if you're going to like the other person or not, so it's good to have the salt.
All right. Take care.