SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hi. Okay can you hear me? Hello? Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know if you could hear me? Sorry my husband just walked by the background.
SPEAKER_R: And that's fine.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. So I'm Sherry.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Katie.
SPEAKER_L: Hi Katie,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: is it Me too?
SPEAKER_L: Is this your first time to do this? Uh It's my first time to actually have it followed through. I waited before and it didn't work but it's my first time for this. So so I thought we would start by maybe telling each other something about ourselves. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um, you can start if you'd like? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay well I'm 55 I live in California right now I'm a housewife but in the past I was an english teacher in Japan. Actually I lived in Japan for 23 years and while I was there I not only talk but I also wrote textbooks and um did graphics work on textbooks. So that was a lot of my career. I have a bachelor's degree in Psychology and um I did work for a couple of years in residential mental health when I got out of college. Um my husband's working from home right now in the other room because of the coronavirus and um he's actually a therapist, so he kind of picked up on my interest in psychology and um I have a cat. Uh as as I mean as my interests, I do a lot of writing, in fact I did write a book um and self published it on amazon. The book is about actually how I met my husband because we met as pen pals a long long time ago before the internet. So we had a long distance relationship and the reason I ended up in Japan was that he was working in Japan while we were conducting their relationship. So um there's a lot of stories because I'm old.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: am,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: I'm 28. I live in upstate new york. I'm originally from Tennessee though, so I, um, I am a graduate student, you can probably hear. My cat is a background. She's mad, the door is closed. She doesn't like not being able to go in and out rooms when she knows you're in there. My husband's also working from home right now. Um, he uh, works for a biotech company, so Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: it's okay,
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: it's okay. I have a cat too but she's not quite so noisy but I'm used to that, it's in fact don't worry
SPEAKER_R: Um but yeah, I enjoy doing outdoorsy things. I actually went hiking and this weekend for the holiday I guess. Um, that's kind of my main hobby is kayaking, hiking. I used to rock climb, I don't have much time for it anymore and now because of the coronavirus, the gyms are all closed, but
SPEAKER_L: running. Right
SPEAKER_R: a little bit about me.
SPEAKER_L: okay, so so well what is your field of study for your graduate degree?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I studied communication uh um more specifically I study um persuasion social influence. Um And um particularly in two areas so health campaigns and health communication kind of more broadly um And compliance gaining which is kind of asking people on the spot to do stuff. Um So that's what I've been working on.
SPEAKER_L: I said are you going to have to eventually do some kind of kind of internship at like a hospital or something where you're related to this health communication?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well my it's funny guys that my my friend just she lives in texas right now. Um And she does um No sorry I thought the screen closed out. She does
SPEAKER_L: Thank you
SPEAKER_R: research for U. T. Austin. Um I think she works like a tobacco. It doesn't only focus on tobacco. It's kind of a long health in general. She's currently working with someone focused on tobacco but they're doing research on patient provider communication for people with lung diseases which I don't really care about that that much. It's not my interest, but she did send me some um information for job openings down there, so
SPEAKER_L: but do you want to live in texas
SPEAKER_R: not really. I would rather stay either here or back closer to my family. I um I think because of um Covid they can work remotely. That's what they're kind of hoping to do. Uh
SPEAKER_L: wearing?
SPEAKER_R: Like she lives in texas now because that wasn't the case when she started. Um But I would love it if I could work there but stay here. I don't
SPEAKER_L: I can understand
SPEAKER_R: want to go
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: back to this.
SPEAKER_L: So you said you're in upstate new york, I'm actually from pennsylvania, from western pennsylvania. Um I I grew up there so probably not too far from where you are at least relative to the size of the United States, so um yeah, how did you end up going from Tennessee to upstate new york?
SPEAKER_R: the graduate program um Just being a good fit. Um I had lived in Tennessee my whole life actually and then um my advisors at the University of Tennessee suggested this for me. Um And I like it was just a different world at first, but now I'm into it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was wondering, I mean I honestly don't know much about the kind of the regional culture of Tennessee. So I'm curious what differences you noticed when you moved to new york because I am familiar with the upstate new york culture because it's similar to pennsylvania.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um I think it's just like subtle things I guess sometimes the way it's something I noticed is the way couples date, it's just like just different um just saying um a lot of people, I'll say something and I didn't really realize it might have been a southern thing to say um because I don't think my southern accents that strong, but.
SPEAKER_L: No, it's it's really actually I wouldn't have identified, I have friends who are from Georgia and Alabama and sometimes I literally couldn't understand their accidents. I had this experience once with one of them where she was saying it's rat and I'm like what you mean right, like correct no rat. And and she says you know rat rat, no rat. And I'm like what is it? She says no, what you say is riot like God. So,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: so I understand you perfectly. I would not peg you as a Southern person at all, but I'm sorry please please continue your story.
SPEAKER_R: That's fine. Um And then I I don't know, I just little things here and there will just come up in conversation with me like wait what, you don't do that or something, so um people definitely move a little faster. Um Then I was used to and talk a little faster and just I'm used to kind of starting my morning slow, I don't I always wake up with a million emails in the mornings and then back in Tennessee when I was in college and my graduate program there, I didn't expect to start getting emails from people have to start really focusing on work or anything until around lunchtime. I don't
SPEAKER_L: Name
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: around
SPEAKER_R: it just
SPEAKER_L: her mom.
SPEAKER_R: work slower so that was an adjustment, but I don't mind it now. Um and really I do like um I always ask people like is this like a new york thing? It's just, I don't know, it's interesting. It's not really once I got adjusted to it now, I'm always interested in the little, like we like to go to the little towns, I'm sure you're familiar with them. It's very rural in this area.
SPEAKER_L: Yes it is. I am actually I mean I don't know them intimately but I do think there is a cultural kind of similarity between especially western pennsylvania and upstate new york. Whereas in eastern pennsylvania to more like new york city. So yeah. So yes so so in terms of the speed thing um it's definitely the case and also it's the same in California, California is slower than the Northeast for sure. So um which is always kind of frustrates me because being from pennsylvania faster than other people but but you know you get used to things so so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: So is your husband also from Tennessee?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, he um kind of, he's, he was born in texas, but he was an army child. So he ended up in Tennessee um in high school, so he went to college there and that's how we met each other. Um He's lived, his family's lived there the longest. So I guess you could say he is um
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And so so if you you know look at the weather differences. I wonder about that too because a lot of people yeah it's really snowy and cold in the winter there and I don't know what the winter is like in Tennessee.
SPEAKER_R: Um in east Tennessee where I'm from, it's mountainous so we definitely get snow. Um nothing like here of course because when we get snow it's usually we're going to close things or at least school, if not most businesses, but we definitely get like several inches. It does accumulate. Um And I have driven in snow before I moved here. It just isn't my favorite thing to do or is now I
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: kind of
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: have to do it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you have no choice. Yeah. So have you traveled around very much since you moved there to kind of investigate some of the areas? Because when I drove through upstate new york, it was to go to Niagara Falls to visit. Have you been there?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I I live in Buffalo, so it's right up the road. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that's be cool actually. Although maybe not so much now because we can't really travel, but Yeah. Yes, the buffalo actually has a high crime rate though, doesn't it?
SPEAKER_R: Uh yeah, I it surprised me. I live in North Buffalo. So um there's a lot of different, I don't know, I guess very segregated, very separate. Like east side, west side. We're on the north. People are very proud of their communities I guess. Um And that surprised me too. Like I was like, it's just what I lived in Tennessee. It was like the city of Knoxville. I mean there's areas but I didn't really feel neighborhood identity. That's like actually probably another thing that's different about here. I don't think it's interesting. Oh, I can't hear you.
SPEAKER_L: sorry, can you hear me now? Yeah, sorry. Somehow it seems louder sometimes. I have a little thing and I'm trying to adjust it without being too obvious, which is not working because I must have hit the mute button by accident. Sorry about that, because the headsets really loud,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: but but I don't have a good microphone without using this gaming headset. So yeah, so, so, um, oh, I think it's because uh in new york, you know, in new york city and in the northeast in general, they actually used to the whole regional thing in segregated neighborhoods because you have like italian neighborhoods and you'd have, you know, spanish neighborhoods and this, that and the other, and I think that people in the east are actually maybe historically more comfortable with segregation, not because they think it's a bad thing or they want to avoid each other, but that's just the way immigrants who only spoke their own language wanted to be at that time. One of my friends is uh an italian woman and her parents were from italian farm areas and they never learned to speak english, do they relied on her and you know, that was okay with them because that was that would make it simpler for them and they like that and and they don't mind being separate from other people, they didn't feel rejected or you know segregated, it was their choice. So maybe that's why it's different because it's not like that in California either. So I've actually only been in California for eight years because I was in Japan for so long but here it's much more kind of meshed together and I think they think that the way the east works is very prejudiced, I'm not sure if it is or not but I I think it just might be culturally different due to history. Yeah. So so yes, so so anyway getting back to your your potential field of you know work in the future, Is there some dream job that you have that you'd like to do?
SPEAKER_R: Um I used to want to B. N. D. C. Um and either work for a think tank or the government or doing some research now. I'm not so sure about that.
SPEAKER_L: What what made you reconsider that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I bought uh I have actually, I think loss of funding to a lot of things. Um jobs are slim pickings. so it's just well maybe not maybe not now but I'm not gonna say never. Who knows
SPEAKER_L: I thought maybe you wanted to avoid the environment politically.
SPEAKER_R: mm The environment is very different from when I was there women's lessons in D. C. 20. Well I was there in northern Virginia for a conference but I didn't really go to D. C. The sexual proper you know um I was in the D. C. Area so the last time was in actual D. C. Was probably 2015. So yeah it was just a different is definitely a different climate and it's not where I would want to be right now for sure.
SPEAKER_L: No, no. Absolutely, I can understand that completely. Yes. One of my one of my former classmates actually works there and he is uh he's also not not particularly happy there right now. Uh And also D. C. Is one of those places that's super expensive to live in and also dangerous also higher crime than Buffalo for sure. So.
SPEAKER_R: Which surprises me because you're with the leaders of the whole country. I don't know but it would be more afraid I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think I think isn't surrounded by I mean the capital, I've actually been to the capital a long long long time ago. I actually took part in a protest when I was in college.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Oh my goodness.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah protests are a little different now being with loads of protests going on now. But even back then they would monitor people like the FBI would be around with their cameras taking pictures of watching people. And
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it was just it's mass confusion of course. So, you know, it took a bus from from rural, I'm from a very rural place. You said you're from Knoxville, so you grew up in a city. Um
SPEAKER_R: Actually I from outside of it so I get very rule but near it near enough.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. When I grew up there were like 1000 people. So it was really, really
SPEAKER_R: goodness.
SPEAKER_L: like cows and corn, just just nothing and it's the kind of place people want to grow up and leave. So and I did so and ended up in Tokyo. Um But uh but yeah, we we did go there and it was very chaotic and you're marching and you signs and all that stuff and um but it's I think it's worse now because I think the police presence is a lot more dangerous than it used to be at that time, but they still were always keeping an eye on you and maybe trying to get an eye for the troublemakers and whatnot. So, but the last time I was there, the capital seemed fine. Except it was dirty. Um, all the cities in America seem really dirty after you've been in Japan because it's so clean there. But, but I think it's all around it is poor areas is the problem, right? And poverty and crime are linked. So that's the problem. So, so yeah. So, I mean, I don't know what the cost of living looks like in buffalo though, is it?
SPEAKER_R: it's not bad at all, it's actually lower compared to a lot of Northeastern cities. Um That being said I do something I've noticed from living here for a few years is like going out to eat is more expensive but not so much that it's not something you can do regularly, it's just like um for example, there's this um like falafel bar place back in Knoxville that the wraps are like for a rap is $7. Well here there's a comparable place called Rachel's and there are $9 it's the exact same thing or like the coffee shop, same deal kind of um cold brew here might be $4 back home is going to be $3 it's just everything is just a dollar to more expensive um and going out to eat, but in other things it's pretty, I think cheaper or affordable. That's
SPEAKER_L: Do you think there's a reason for that?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure I know that. Okay, compared to Tennessee, I don't know because I know people here are very, you know, upstate farms are a big deal. They're very farm pro farmer here, but in Tennessee is the same way too, so I'm not sure. Um it has something to do with like lobbying and farmers wanting their food bought at a certain price, which we do have in Tennessee, milk is standardized price to protect milk farmers, whatever. I don't actually know if that's the case here, but I've wondered maybe it's time I should look into, but that is something I've noticed
SPEAKER_L: What's the minimum wage there?
SPEAKER_R: and new york city is different from new york state, but in the States it's, I think it's $11 now when I first moved here, it was 9 75 or something, 9 15 and 75. Um And then in new york city it's already $15 and I think there's like a like there's a chart I actually saw at my part time job when I still worked and it was over the next few years, they're planning on trying to get the state up to $15 but it's not going to be for several years
SPEAKER_L: Right. And in Tennessee, you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: said,
SPEAKER_R: it's me, it's $8.
SPEAKER_L: I think that might be your difference right there. If it's 11 versus eight, they might have to charge more to pay staff more. Maybe that would be my best guess. But you know, who knows? It also has to do with the average incomes of the people living around there because if you can't afford the higher prices then they're not going to charge more. Yeah. Since fighting in California thing statewide, the minimum wage is $11 which can be really horrible in the Bay Area and really great where I am, which is another rural town unfortunately. But this is where my husband has his job sets where we are. So,
SPEAKER_R: I couldn't believe I read something about, yeah, you're considered living in poverty, I think it was in the pay area if you're making less than six figures or something ST
SPEAKER_L: We lived there for 3.5 years before we moved here and one of the reasons we had to leave was that the rent at that point was just going up and up and up and we when we were there we started out paying I think 1600 a month and then it started to go up to 17 to 18. And now there's a place we used to live in is like 2200 and it wasn't a great place. And
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, it's
SPEAKER_L: yeah and if you want to live in like the really uh populist places like san Francisco or even santa clara, which is where Apple's headquarters is located, the prices are really high. And yeah my friend is in tech and he was making 100 and 40,000 or something like that and you know, that's just really not that much money here. So yeah, because
SPEAKER_R: Listen,
SPEAKER_L: the rents are insane. The rents are like $3000 in san Francisco or and in other places if you're lucky if it's 2000 I think at this point in a good neighborhood or a decent neighborhood that's cheap. So Yeah, but it's going down now because people are leaving their fleeing because they don't want to be in a an area of the high population density during this pandemic. So um yeah, they're actually coming to places like this now after after saying, you know, who wants to live in these boring places. Well if you can go to restaurants anyway, that being in a boring place is not a bad deal because they want to do outdoorsy things, just like you know, you mentioned you would be doing so. So yeah, so it's funny you're so young. Um It's like you have your whole life ahead of you and it uh it must be interesting looking into what's happening now as a as a reflection of the next 10 years of your life. So do you ever worry about the economic fallout of all of this and where it's going to lead you?
SPEAKER_R: Well I do, especially for my field because it's um obviously research opportunities are um few and far between hiring freezes going on everywhere. Um Uh huh luckily my husband's company is national, so there's other places we could go to and he could find a job or work remotely for some some positions. Um So I do worry about it a little, I do think and I would hate to have an like a you know a low wage or like a retail job or something with my education, but I guess they're always out there if you shove unfortunately, but I definitely definitely do worry about it because
SPEAKER_L: Have you ever done that kind of work before? Like retail or anything like that? You
SPEAKER_R: I heard
SPEAKER_L: have.
SPEAKER_R: in retail uh I think that it's not the best job put it nicely but um I do have respect for shop workers now um just because I know um where I try to make their life easier I think is what I'm trying to say because I know how people can make it very difficult for no reason at all. Um There's definitely a lot of nasty mean people that come out in retail of all places.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And service of course, like coffee shops and restaurants. Yeah. It's funny that's, that's one of the things I really noticed when I came back from Japan is that people there, they have, you know, social structures that are rigid expectations. You walk into a store and people shall welcome you. People bow at you. They have a meticulous way of handing you your change and your products when you go and they're very formal and you come here and people are just, everybody's all over the place and how that some people are different, some people are nice, some people are demanding, some people are, you know of secrets, there's all kinds of variability
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: and suddenly you're like, oh my God, it's like the wild west of service here and the customers don't know their relative, you know, way of reacting either. So that rigidity in Japan used to kind of annoy me because it seemed like they were all robots in a cookie cutter situation. And then I come back here and think, I think I actually liked that better. I'd like the way of, you know, having a way of dealing with people's expectations on both sides of the same because you don't have that kind of people losing their shit because they didn't like how they were handled that they felt disrespected based on some trivial thing, like how you handed them their money or how you presented the product or how you wrote their name on the cup. Um Which for some reason really annoy people. But I've seen a lot of adults have tantrums since I came back and I was really disheartened by that because I would hope people would have better emotion regulation. But one thing americans don't do well is emotion
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: regulation. And that's why there are tantrums, they're acting out all the time. And uh that's also why the pandemics going so badly because people just do what they want to do without thinking about the effect on everyone. So yes, actually, one of the things I wanted to ask you about because you know, you're from an area outside of the Northeast is that I was told that there's a lot more drinking culture in the Northeast and that people get drunk a lot and there's a lot more kind of uh dependence on alcohol relative to other areas. Is that something you've noticed?
SPEAKER_R: I yes and no, I think that people up here drink more often um and more regularly, but not as much when they do drink, whereas I think in the southeast or especially in like Tennessee north Carolina Kentucky, like the south Virginia, like Appalachian area, especially people don't drink as often and when they do they're doing it to party or to get drunk, so that's like it just it's different I think, but I think here it's expected like you're going to have alcohol with a meal or if you're at someone's house or um for a holiday, whereas back home, maybe, maybe not, depends on the person or what the occasion is.
SPEAKER_L: right. I thought my um my sister in law's son, they were born in the Bay Area. They came to some graduate school in upstate new york which I wanted to say. It was called Hamilton. Is there a a prestigious private school there called Hamilton?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I wonder if it's in the like eastern or north new york because I don't think there is in central or Western.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I could be remembering the name wrong too because I didn't. Yeah but he thought that one of the things that was truly differences that the party and culture, the colleges there was just very steeped in alcohol whereas in California it was mainly related to cannabis. So yeah he thought well they all they both have these problems with their in different areas which is why as as your graduate student and I know graduate school is not the same as undergraduate but they're usually attached. Right. So so I wondered if you noticed a lot of alcoholism because that relates to the pandemic because everybody started drinking more when the pandemic started um to cope with the fact that they could stay at home. So So yeah. So how how are you coping with all of the stay at home stuff?
SPEAKER_R: We are opening back up here, which is great because at first I was going insane, I don't focus well at home, I know a lot of people don't, so um so I'm not alone in that, but I don't like not seeing people regularly. Um I really don't like talking on the phone that much. I would rather talk to someone in person um than just text or call a friend um to stay in touch. Um So that was difficult at first and certain things not being open, which I didn't think made sense, like um some of the smaller stores where I normally buy, certain things wouldn't be open um But then wal mart and Target and Wegmans, our grocery store being packed all the time. I honestly was terrified to go to Wegmans because I heard one of the first places where it spread here was at Wegmans and people panic bought and it was just a never ending chaotic cluster there, there was no social distancing going on, so I had to try to figure out how to get groceries for a while, but now it's our cases are down and now it's going back to normal kind of um we're still wearing a mask everywhere but I don't mind that, I think it's I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: don't either. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: silly people won't do it.
SPEAKER_L: I agree. Absolutely. I just think it's I think it's more about political identity than about any real practical consideration. It's not comfortable but it's not the end of the world. And if you look at other countries and again Japan is not the only one Malaysia Singapore. Um They have far fewer cases even though they have higher population density in their cities because everybody wears a mask and you can't deny that uh a pretty important thing. But americans just won't do it. And where I am is I mean it is California but it's far northern rural California which we could call cal Obama. So because it's more of a
SPEAKER_R: Pete,
SPEAKER_L: kind of a redneck mentality and not so much what you'd expect from liberal California and they won't wear masks, so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: we've
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: had to get trunk delivery of groceries because it's just not safe to go into the stores here. Um Yeah, so but yeah, I think it's no big deal to so yes, we're going to wrap this up soon, I'm sure, but I wanted to ask you how you ended up doing the prolific thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah actually I was going to put my own study on it a while ago and I ended up not and then um I think I realized I signed up as a survey taker and not a survey provider. And so they started sending me emails to do studies and now I've been making good money and I love it. How about you? Because I
SPEAKER_L: Well I'm since I'm not working and I am actually really interested in academic study even though I haven't been. I mean I actually did produce uh sorry, audit some of my husband's um graduate school classes because he went to graduate school for clinical psychology. Um I'm just really academically oriented. I read studies every day from journals, it's something I've always done because I'm academically curious. And so the money of course is not a ton of money. And how much do you tend to make per month off of this?
SPEAKER_R: $20? But I see
SPEAKER_L: $20
SPEAKER_R: that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I make about $100 a month. So I thought
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: when you said you made decent money, I thought you made more than me. But
SPEAKER_R: no, honestly, I expected to make like a dollar or two
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I see,
SPEAKER_R: because when
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: see.
SPEAKER_R: did him turk a while ago, that was all that was coming out of it.
SPEAKER_L: Uh mechanical Turks really bad, isn't it? I haven't done it, but I've seen the pay rates and it's just awful if you can use, if you use Reddit, do you ever use reddit?
SPEAKER_R: Is it?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's a beer money subreddit and it's full of these things you can do for a little extra money. And prolific is how I learned about prolific through that subreddit. But if you ever want to find better opportunities and mechanical turk, look at the beer money, um subreddit because it'll, it'll be helpful. But but yeah, I'm mainly interested when I see them. I was like, well, can I see through this, can I see what they really want versus what they could be saying? And
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: because at first I thought when no one showed up yesterday, maybe they were testing my patience for how many times they could
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: put
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: do,
SPEAKER_L: through this didn't make me wait,
SPEAKER_R: I don't to honestly, I I'm
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: sorry if I'm moving my period,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: but I thought that um maybe this was the manipulation to see if I really want $15 or whatever. They're paying $40 or something to do this.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, actually, I thought that too, I thought it is also possible this is a hard thing for I'm used to talking to strangers because teaching english, essentially strangers were walking in the room and I was speaking to them all the time, but a lot of people are not
SPEAKER_R: Trip.
SPEAKER_L: accustomed to talking to strangers, so maybe they chicken out at the last
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: minute, which is understandable, so
SPEAKER_R: kind of, I kind of wondered like what this would end up being and I honestly, I didn't know if maybe um it would end up being something like um clearly it's okay. I was like, I thought it would end up being something like maybe I would end up being interviewed by prolific and not actually of
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: chat partner,
SPEAKER_L: or a confederate who might be rude and trying to elicit a certain response from you.
SPEAKER_R: That's what I also wondered. Something like that. Uh
SPEAKER_L: clearly it's not because I'm clearly not your average
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: confederate. Yes. No.
SPEAKER_R: would be very, very well trained and very, very good one. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: No, but now I just do this because it's interesting. But also I would like to make a little extra money. My husband's paid really well. But um I mean not really well, wealthy, wealthy, well, but well enough because he is a therapist, but he may lose his job soon, unfortunately. So you have
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: to think
SPEAKER_R: of the
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: pandemic,
SPEAKER_L: this. Yes. Because they want him to work in the office rather than from home and he's got conditions that make them vulnerable and he's just going to have to quit if it comes to that and
SPEAKER_R: That's awful.
SPEAKER_L: then we'll have to wait it out. But it's okay because we have money saved. So it's not a big deal. We're not rich, but we have enough money to ride out the pandemic. So yeah, we live in a low cost of living area. But yeah. But yeah, so Katie, your name is Katie right? I didn't forget and I'm sharing in case you did forget. Because it is difficult to remember somebody's name when they say it once at the beginning of a first interaction. Yeah. Especially,
SPEAKER_R: That's true. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: was very nice talking to you and maybe we'll run into each other again.
SPEAKER_R: I hope so. It was great to meet you,
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Thank you. Good luck to you and your husband in the future. I hope everything works out.
SPEAKER_R: thank you and you as well.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Okay, bye bye.