Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hi. Okay can you hear me? Hello? Yeah. Hello?
I didn't know if you could hear me? Sorry my husband just walked by the background.
Uh huh. So I'm Sherry.
Hi Katie,
nice to meet you.
Is this your first time to do this? Uh It's my first time to actually have it followed through. I waited before and it didn't work but it's my first time for this. So so I thought we would start by maybe telling each other something about ourselves. Okay.
Okay well I'm 55 I live in California right now I'm a housewife but in the past I was an english teacher in Japan. Actually I lived in Japan for 23 years and while I was there I not only talk but I also wrote textbooks and um did graphics work on textbooks. So that was a lot of my career. I have a bachelor's degree in Psychology and um I did work for a couple of years in residential mental health when I got out of college. Um my husband's working from home right now in the other room because of the coronavirus and um he's actually a therapist, so he kind of picked up on my interest in psychology and um I have a cat. Uh as as I mean as my interests, I do a lot of writing, in fact I did write a book um and self published it on amazon. The book is about actually how I met my husband because we met as pen pals a long long time ago before the internet. So we had a long distance relationship and the reason I ended up in Japan was that he was working in Japan while we were conducting their relationship. So um there's a lot of stories because I'm old.
Oh,
thank
you.
it's okay,
it's okay. I have a cat too but she's not quite so noisy but I'm used to that, it's in fact don't worry
running. Right
okay, so so well what is your field of study for your graduate degree?
I said are you going to have to eventually do some kind of kind of internship at like a hospital or something where you're related to this health communication?
Thank you
but do you want to live in texas
wearing?
I can understand
that.
So you said you're in upstate new york, I'm actually from pennsylvania, from western pennsylvania. Um I I grew up there so probably not too far from where you are at least relative to the size of the United States, so um yeah, how did you end up going from Tennessee to upstate new york?
Yeah, I was wondering, I mean I honestly don't know much about the kind of the regional culture of Tennessee. So I'm curious what differences you noticed when you moved to new york because I am familiar with the upstate new york culture because it's similar to pennsylvania.
No, it's it's really actually I wouldn't have identified, I have friends who are from Georgia and Alabama and sometimes I literally couldn't understand their accidents. I had this experience once with one of them where she was saying it's rat and I'm like what you mean right, like correct no rat. And and she says you know rat rat, no rat. And I'm like what is it? She says no, what you say is riot like God. So,
so I understand you perfectly. I would not peg you as a Southern person at all, but I'm sorry please please continue your story.
Name
around
her mom.
Yes it is. I am actually I mean I don't know them intimately but I do think there is a cultural kind of similarity between especially western pennsylvania and upstate new york. Whereas in eastern pennsylvania to more like new york city. So yeah. So yes so so in terms of the speed thing um it's definitely the case and also it's the same in California, California is slower than the Northeast for sure. So um which is always kind of frustrates me because being from pennsylvania faster than other people but but you know you get used to things so so yeah.
So is your husband also from Tennessee?
Uh huh.
And so so if you you know look at the weather differences. I wonder about that too because a lot of people yeah it's really snowy and cold in the winter there and I don't know what the winter is like in Tennessee.
No,
no.
Yeah, you have no choice. Yeah. So have you traveled around very much since you moved there to kind of investigate some of the areas? Because when I drove through upstate new york, it was to go to Niagara Falls to visit. Have you been there?
that's be cool actually. Although maybe not so much now because we can't really travel, but Yeah. Yes, the buffalo actually has a high crime rate though, doesn't it?
sorry, can you hear me now? Yeah, sorry. Somehow it seems louder sometimes. I have a little thing and I'm trying to adjust it without being too obvious, which is not working because I must have hit the mute button by accident. Sorry about that, because the headsets really loud,
but but I don't have a good microphone without using this gaming headset. So yeah, so, so, um, oh, I think it's because uh in new york, you know, in new york city and in the northeast in general, they actually used to the whole regional thing in segregated neighborhoods because you have like italian neighborhoods and you'd have, you know, spanish neighborhoods and this, that and the other, and I think that people in the east are actually maybe historically more comfortable with segregation, not because they think it's a bad thing or they want to avoid each other, but that's just the way immigrants who only spoke their own language wanted to be at that time. One of my friends is uh an italian woman and her parents were from italian farm areas and they never learned to speak english, do they relied on her and you know, that was okay with them because that was that would make it simpler for them and they like that and and they don't mind being separate from other people, they didn't feel rejected or you know segregated, it was their choice. So maybe that's why it's different because it's not like that in California either. So I've actually only been in California for eight years because I was in Japan for so long but here it's much more kind of meshed together and I think they think that the way the east works is very prejudiced, I'm not sure if it is or not but I I think it just might be culturally different due to history. Yeah. So so yes, so so anyway getting back to your your potential field of you know work in the future, Is there some dream job that you have that you'd like to do?
What what made you reconsider that?
I thought maybe you wanted to avoid the environment politically.
No, no. Absolutely, I can understand that completely. Yes. One of my one of my former classmates actually works there and he is uh he's also not not particularly happy there right now. Uh And also D. C. Is one of those places that's super expensive to live in and also dangerous also higher crime than Buffalo for sure. So.
Yeah. I think I think isn't surrounded by I mean the capital, I've actually been to the capital a long long long time ago. I actually took part in a protest when I was in college.
Yeah protests are a little different now being with loads of protests going on now. But even back then they would monitor people like the FBI would be around with their cameras taking pictures of watching people. And
it was just it's mass confusion of course. So, you know, it took a bus from from rural, I'm from a very rural place. You said you're from Knoxville, so you grew up in a city. Um
Yeah. Yeah. When I grew up there were like 1000 people. So it was really, really
like cows and corn, just just nothing and it's the kind of place people want to grow up and leave. So and I did so and ended up in Tokyo. Um But uh but yeah, we we did go there and it was very chaotic and you're marching and you signs and all that stuff and um but it's I think it's worse now because I think the police presence is a lot more dangerous than it used to be at that time, but they still were always keeping an eye on you and maybe trying to get an eye for the troublemakers and whatnot. So, but the last time I was there, the capital seemed fine. Except it was dirty. Um, all the cities in America seem really dirty after you've been in Japan because it's so clean there. But, but I think it's all around it is poor areas is the problem, right? And poverty and crime are linked. So that's the problem. So, so yeah. So, I mean, I don't know what the cost of living looks like in buffalo though, is it?
Do you think there's a reason for that?
What's the minimum wage there?
Right. And in Tennessee, you
said,
I think that might be your difference right there. If it's 11 versus eight, they might have to charge more to pay staff more. Maybe that would be my best guess. But you know, who knows? It also has to do with the average incomes of the people living around there because if you can't afford the higher prices then they're not going to charge more. Yeah. Since fighting in California thing statewide, the minimum wage is $11 which can be really horrible in the Bay Area and really great where I am, which is another rural town unfortunately. But this is where my husband has his job sets where we are. So,
We lived there for 3.5 years before we moved here and one of the reasons we had to leave was that the rent at that point was just going up and up and up and we when we were there we started out paying I think 1600 a month and then it started to go up to 17 to 18. And now there's a place we used to live in is like 2200 and it wasn't a great place. And
yeah and if you want to live in like the really uh populist places like san Francisco or even santa clara, which is where Apple's headquarters is located, the prices are really high. And yeah my friend is in tech and he was making 100 and 40,000 or something like that and you know, that's just really not that much money here. So yeah, because
the rents are insane. The rents are like $3000 in san Francisco or and in other places if you're lucky if it's 2000 I think at this point in a good neighborhood or a decent neighborhood that's cheap. So Yeah, but it's going down now because people are leaving their fleeing because they don't want to be in a an area of the high population density during this pandemic. So um yeah, they're actually coming to places like this now after after saying, you know, who wants to live in these boring places. Well if you can go to restaurants anyway, that being in a boring place is not a bad deal because they want to do outdoorsy things, just like you know, you mentioned you would be doing so. So yeah, so it's funny you're so young. Um It's like you have your whole life ahead of you and it uh it must be interesting looking into what's happening now as a as a reflection of the next 10 years of your life. So do you ever worry about the economic fallout of all of this and where it's going to lead you?
Have you ever done that kind of work before? Like retail or anything like that? You
have.
Yeah. And service of course, like coffee shops and restaurants. Yeah. It's funny that's, that's one of the things I really noticed when I came back from Japan is that people there, they have, you know, social structures that are rigid expectations. You walk into a store and people shall welcome you. People bow at you. They have a meticulous way of handing you your change and your products when you go and they're very formal and you come here and people are just, everybody's all over the place and how that some people are different, some people are nice, some people are demanding, some people are, you know of secrets, there's all kinds of variability
and suddenly you're like, oh my God, it's like the wild west of service here and the customers don't know their relative, you know, way of reacting either. So that rigidity in Japan used to kind of annoy me because it seemed like they were all robots in a cookie cutter situation. And then I come back here and think, I think I actually liked that better. I'd like the way of, you know, having a way of dealing with people's expectations on both sides of the same because you don't have that kind of people losing their shit because they didn't like how they were handled that they felt disrespected based on some trivial thing, like how you handed them their money or how you presented the product or how you wrote their name on the cup. Um Which for some reason really annoy people. But I've seen a lot of adults have tantrums since I came back and I was really disheartened by that because I would hope people would have better emotion regulation. But one thing americans don't do well is emotion
regulation. And that's why there are tantrums, they're acting out all the time. And uh that's also why the pandemics going so badly because people just do what they want to do without thinking about the effect on everyone. So yes, actually, one of the things I wanted to ask you about because you know, you're from an area outside of the Northeast is that I was told that there's a lot more drinking culture in the Northeast and that people get drunk a lot and there's a lot more kind of uh dependence on alcohol relative to other areas. Is that something you've noticed?
right. I thought my um my sister in law's son, they were born in the Bay Area. They came to some graduate school in upstate new york which I wanted to say. It was called Hamilton. Is there a a prestigious private school there called Hamilton?
Right. I could be remembering the name wrong too because I didn't. Yeah but he thought that one of the things that was truly differences that the party and culture, the colleges there was just very steeped in alcohol whereas in California it was mainly related to cannabis. So yeah he thought well they all they both have these problems with their in different areas which is why as as your graduate student and I know graduate school is not the same as undergraduate but they're usually attached. Right. So so I wondered if you noticed a lot of alcoholism because that relates to the pandemic because everybody started drinking more when the pandemic started um to cope with the fact that they could stay at home. So So yeah. So how how are you coping with all of the stay at home stuff?
I
don't either. Yeah
I agree. Absolutely. I just think it's I think it's more about political identity than about any real practical consideration. It's not comfortable but it's not the end of the world. And if you look at other countries and again Japan is not the only one Malaysia Singapore. Um They have far fewer cases even though they have higher population density in their cities because everybody wears a mask and you can't deny that uh a pretty important thing. But americans just won't do it. And where I am is I mean it is California but it's far northern rural California which we could call cal Obama. So because it's more of a
kind of a redneck mentality and not so much what you'd expect from liberal California and they won't wear masks, so yeah,
we've
had to get trunk delivery of groceries because it's just not safe to go into the stores here. Um Yeah, so but yeah, I think it's no big deal to so yes, we're going to wrap this up soon, I'm sure, but I wanted to ask you how you ended up doing the prolific thing.
Well I'm since I'm not working and I am actually really interested in academic study even though I haven't been. I mean I actually did produce uh sorry, audit some of my husband's um graduate school classes because he went to graduate school for clinical psychology. Um I'm just really academically oriented. I read studies every day from journals, it's something I've always done because I'm academically curious. And so the money of course is not a ton of money. And how much do you tend to make per month off of this?
$20
I make about $100 a month. So I thought
when you said you made decent money, I thought you made more than me. But
Oh, I see,
I
see.
Uh mechanical Turks really bad, isn't it? I haven't done it, but I've seen the pay rates and it's just awful if you can use, if you use Reddit, do you ever use reddit?
Yeah, there's a beer money subreddit and it's full of these things you can do for a little extra money. And prolific is how I learned about prolific through that subreddit. But if you ever want to find better opportunities and mechanical turk, look at the beer money, um subreddit because it'll, it'll be helpful. But but yeah, I'm mainly interested when I see them. I was like, well, can I see through this, can I see what they really want versus what they could be saying? And
because at first I thought when no one showed up yesterday, maybe they were testing my patience for how many times they could
put
me
through this didn't make me wait,
but
that's
Yes, actually, I thought that too, I thought it is also possible this is a hard thing for I'm used to talking to strangers because teaching english, essentially strangers were walking in the room and I was speaking to them all the time, but a lot of people are not
accustomed to talking to strangers, so maybe they chicken out at the last
minute, which is understandable, so
or
or a confederate who might be rude and trying to elicit a certain response from you.
clearly it's not because I'm clearly not your average
confederate. Yes. No.
No, but now I just do this because it's interesting. But also I would like to make a little extra money. My husband's paid really well. But um I mean not really well, wealthy, wealthy, well, but well enough because he is a therapist, but he may lose his job soon, unfortunately. So you have
to think
about
this. Yes. Because they want him to work in the office rather than from home and he's got conditions that make them vulnerable and he's just going to have to quit if it comes to that and
then we'll have to wait it out. But it's okay because we have money saved. So it's not a big deal. We're not rich, but we have enough money to ride out the pandemic. So yeah, we live in a low cost of living area. But yeah. But yeah, so Katie, your name is Katie right? I didn't forget and I'm sharing in case you did forget. Because it is difficult to remember somebody's name when they say it once at the beginning of a first interaction. Yeah. Especially,
was very nice talking to you and maybe we'll run into each other again.
Thank you. Thank you. Good luck to you and your husband in the future. I hope everything works out.
Thank you. Okay, bye bye.