Hi.
And that's fine.
I'm Katie.
And
is it Me too?
Um, you can start if you'd like? Yeah.
that's awesome.
I
am,
I'm 28. I live in upstate new york. I'm originally from Tennessee though, so I, um, I am a graduate student, you can probably hear. My cat is a background. She's mad, the door is closed. She doesn't like not being able to go in and out rooms when she knows you're in there. My husband's also working from home right now. Um, he uh, works for a biotech company, so Oh my gosh,
here.
Um but yeah, I enjoy doing outdoorsy things. I actually went hiking and this weekend for the holiday I guess. Um, that's kind of my main hobby is kayaking, hiking. I used to rock climb, I don't have much time for it anymore and now because of the coronavirus, the gyms are all closed, but
a little bit about me.
Um So I studied communication uh um more specifically I study um persuasion social influence. Um And um particularly in two areas so health campaigns and health communication kind of more broadly um And compliance gaining which is kind of asking people on the spot to do stuff. Um So that's what I've been working on.
Um Well my it's funny guys that my my friend just she lives in texas right now. Um And she does um No sorry I thought the screen closed out. She does
research for U. T. Austin. Um I think she works like a tobacco. It doesn't only focus on tobacco. It's kind of a long health in general. She's currently working with someone focused on tobacco but they're doing research on patient provider communication for people with lung diseases which I don't really care about that that much. It's not my interest, but she did send me some um information for job openings down there, so
not really. I would rather stay either here or back closer to my family. I um I think because of um Covid they can work remotely. That's what they're kind of hoping to do. Uh
Like she lives in texas now because that wasn't the case when she started. Um But I would love it if I could work there but stay here. I don't
want to go
back to this.
the graduate program um Just being a good fit. Um I had lived in Tennessee my whole life actually and then um my advisors at the University of Tennessee suggested this for me. Um And I like it was just a different world at first, but now I'm into it.
Yeah. Um I think it's just like subtle things I guess sometimes the way it's something I noticed is the way couples date, it's just like just different um just saying um a lot of people, I'll say something and I didn't really realize it might have been a southern thing to say um because I don't think my southern accents that strong, but.
Uh huh.
That's fine. Um And then I I don't know, I just little things here and there will just come up in conversation with me like wait what, you don't do that or something, so um people definitely move a little faster. Um Then I was used to and talk a little faster and just I'm used to kind of starting my morning slow, I don't I always wake up with a million emails in the mornings and then back in Tennessee when I was in college and my graduate program there, I didn't expect to start getting emails from people have to start really focusing on work or anything until around lunchtime. I don't
know,
it just
work slower so that was an adjustment, but I don't mind it now. Um and really I do like um I always ask people like is this like a new york thing? It's just, I don't know, it's interesting. It's not really once I got adjusted to it now, I'm always interested in the little, like we like to go to the little towns, I'm sure you're familiar with them. It's very rural in this area.
huh.
Yeah, he um kind of, he's, he was born in texas, but he was an army child. So he ended up in Tennessee um in high school, so he went to college there and that's how we met each other. Um He's lived, his family's lived there the longest. So I guess you could say he is um
Yeah.
Um in east Tennessee where I'm from, it's mountainous so we definitely get snow. Um nothing like here of course because when we get snow it's usually we're going to close things or at least school, if not most businesses, but we definitely get like several inches. It does accumulate. Um And I have driven in snow before I moved here. It just isn't my favorite thing to do or is now I
kind of
have to do it.
Oh yeah, I I live in Buffalo, so it's right up the road. Mhm.
Uh yeah, I it surprised me. I live in North Buffalo. So um there's a lot of different, I don't know, I guess very segregated, very separate. Like east side, west side. We're on the north. People are very proud of their communities I guess. Um And that surprised me too. Like I was like, it's just what I lived in Tennessee. It was like the city of Knoxville. I mean there's areas but I didn't really feel neighborhood identity. That's like actually probably another thing that's different about here. I don't think it's interesting. Oh, I can't hear you.
All
Um I used to want to B. N. D. C. Um and either work for a think tank or the government or doing some research now. I'm not so sure about that.
Yeah. I bought uh I have actually, I think loss of funding to a lot of things. Um jobs are slim pickings. so it's just well maybe not maybe not now but I'm not gonna say never. Who knows
mm The environment is very different from when I was there women's lessons in D. C. 20. Well I was there in northern Virginia for a conference but I didn't really go to D. C. The sexual proper you know um I was in the D. C. Area so the last time was in actual D. C. Was probably 2015. So yeah it was just a different is definitely a different climate and it's not where I would want to be right now for sure.
Which surprises me because you're with the leaders of the whole country. I don't know but it would be more afraid I guess.
Uh huh. Oh my goodness.
No.
Actually I from outside of it so I get very rule but near it near enough.
goodness.
it's not bad at all, it's actually lower compared to a lot of Northeastern cities. Um That being said I do something I've noticed from living here for a few years is like going out to eat is more expensive but not so much that it's not something you can do regularly, it's just like um for example, there's this um like falafel bar place back in Knoxville that the wraps are like for a rap is $7. Well here there's a comparable place called Rachel's and there are $9 it's the exact same thing or like the coffee shop, same deal kind of um cold brew here might be $4 back home is going to be $3 it's just everything is just a dollar to more expensive um and going out to eat, but in other things it's pretty, I think cheaper or affordable. That's
I'm not sure I know that. Okay, compared to Tennessee, I don't know because I know people here are very, you know, upstate farms are a big deal. They're very farm pro farmer here, but in Tennessee is the same way too, so I'm not sure. Um it has something to do with like lobbying and farmers wanting their food bought at a certain price, which we do have in Tennessee, milk is standardized price to protect milk farmers, whatever. I don't actually know if that's the case here, but I've wondered maybe it's time I should look into, but that is something I've noticed
and new york city is different from new york state, but in the States it's, I think it's $11 now when I first moved here, it was 9 75 or something, 9 15 and 75. Um And then in new york city it's already $15 and I think there's like a like there's a chart I actually saw at my part time job when I still worked and it was over the next few years, they're planning on trying to get the state up to $15 but it's not going to be for several years
and
it's me, it's $8.
I couldn't believe I read something about, yeah, you're considered living in poverty, I think it was in the pay area if you're making less than six figures or something ST
Oh my God, it's
Listen,
Well I do, especially for my field because it's um obviously research opportunities are um few and far between hiring freezes going on everywhere. Um Uh huh luckily my husband's company is national, so there's other places we could go to and he could find a job or work remotely for some some positions. Um So I do worry about it a little, I do think and I would hate to have an like a you know a low wage or like a retail job or something with my education, but I guess they're always out there if you shove unfortunately, but I definitely definitely do worry about it because
I heard
in retail uh I think that it's not the best job put it nicely but um I do have respect for shop workers now um just because I know um where I try to make their life easier I think is what I'm trying to say because I know how people can make it very difficult for no reason at all. Um There's definitely a lot of nasty mean people that come out in retail of all places.
Two.
And
I yes and no, I think that people up here drink more often um and more regularly, but not as much when they do drink, whereas I think in the southeast or especially in like Tennessee north Carolina Kentucky, like the south Virginia, like Appalachian area, especially people don't drink as often and when they do they're doing it to party or to get drunk, so that's like it just it's different I think, but I think here it's expected like you're going to have alcohol with a meal or if you're at someone's house or um for a holiday, whereas back home, maybe, maybe not, depends on the person or what the occasion is.
Yeah. I wonder if it's in the like eastern or north new york because I don't think there is in central or Western.
We are opening back up here, which is great because at first I was going insane, I don't focus well at home, I know a lot of people don't, so um so I'm not alone in that, but I don't like not seeing people regularly. Um I really don't like talking on the phone that much. I would rather talk to someone in person um than just text or call a friend um to stay in touch. Um So that was difficult at first and certain things not being open, which I didn't think made sense, like um some of the smaller stores where I normally buy, certain things wouldn't be open um But then wal mart and Target and Wegmans, our grocery store being packed all the time. I honestly was terrified to go to Wegmans because I heard one of the first places where it spread here was at Wegmans and people panic bought and it was just a never ending chaotic cluster there, there was no social distancing going on, so I had to try to figure out how to get groceries for a while, but now it's our cases are down and now it's going back to normal kind of um we're still wearing a mask everywhere but I don't mind that, I think it's I
think
silly people won't do it.
Pete,
let's
go.
Yeah actually I was going to put my own study on it a while ago and I ended up not and then um I think I realized I signed up as a survey taker and not a survey provider. And so they started sending me emails to do studies and now I've been making good money and I love it. How about you? Because I
$20? But I see
that. Yeah.
no.
no, honestly, I expected to make like a dollar or two
because when
I
did him turk a while ago, that was all that was coming out of it.
Is it?
Oh my gosh. Yes.
I
don't
do,
I don't to honestly, I I'm
sorry if I'm moving my period,
but I thought that um maybe this was the manipulation to see if I really want $15 or whatever. They're paying $40 or something to do this.
Trip.
I
kind of, I kind of wondered like what this would end up being and I honestly, I didn't know if maybe um it would end up being something like um clearly it's okay. I was like, I thought it would end up being something like maybe I would end up being interviewed by prolific and not actually of
chat partner,
That's what I also wondered. Something like that. Uh
you
would be very, very well trained and very, very good one. Mm.
Because
of the
pandemic,
That's awful.
That's true. Yeah,
I hope so. It was great to meet you,
thank you and you as well.