SPEAKER_L: Hi. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: You hear me? Okay,
SPEAKER_R: can you hear me? Okay, that's good. So what do you want to talk about?
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: not really sure to
SPEAKER_R: measures?
SPEAKER_L: be honest, is there something you've done before, I've only ever done this once, and it was interesting.
SPEAKER_R: I've done this to other times before. My first experience went really well. My second was really awkward because we couldn't find something to talk about, so. Right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think that's probably the hardest thing, especially when you have no real basis to like a starting point to work from, like if they provided us with any, even a framework of like, okay, if you can't think of anything, just ask something like this or whatever, you know, so you're not just sitting there trying to,
SPEAKER_R: Come up with something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well how are you coping with all the everything going on in the world?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I'm doing all right actually. Um But a lot of people I know aren't so I'm kind of lucky in that regards because um a lot of people I know lost their jobs or got laid off and stuff. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and I live and I live in a good area because um more like the countryside so. Mhm. Less rights and stuff to worry about.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that makes sense. My area
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: doesn't
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: make too much of that, like it's slightly on the rural side of the suburbs, you know, there, I don't know if my town is a suburb, but we live only just minutes outside of a small city.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That ain't too bad then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the worst we've had here outside of normal issues is uh some protests back um with the whole Black lives matter and George Floyd stuff, but they weren't nothing got out of hand to the point of have anything like riots or violent things, it was peaceful protests and it's like okay cool, like we've had some decent numbers with uh virus cases but nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Major.
SPEAKER_L: I think I lived in an area where my I think I'm kind of jaded to the whole, is it actually happening because we don't see it here, like we only here reports of it, but I've never I don't know anybody personally that had it and they just report, oh this county has had so many and it's like sure okay, I think I believe that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What?
SPEAKER_L: That's nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's really good if you don't know anyone so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and the only sketchy part is being so close to a small city, I think the areas more susceptible to being exposed to it just because their population is bigger and the commute between. Sure. Uh huh. Sorry, my niece is over.
SPEAKER_R: that's all right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah she would be in a but getting into everything.
SPEAKER_R: That's the that's the best time to have uh when they're that age. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: She only just turned a year, month or so ago. Yeah so you're
SPEAKER_R: handful.
SPEAKER_L: backing up. She is yeah. Very mobile and learning words at a very rapid pace,
SPEAKER_R: Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not sure yet. At first it was like wow she's picking up on this stuff real good. And then it's like oh it's that moment of like you want them to talk but the moment they can talk you just want them to shut up because
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: then they never stopped. I've got an older niece and nephew that turned four and five or four and 54 and three not that long ago. And uh yeah it's safe to say. Yeah they pretty much never shut up, they're grateful.
SPEAKER_R: Um They will want to need something
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Oh that's already noticeable. Like even when my older niece turned three it was like you just know when when they're trying to get something or get out of something because it's like yeah you're acting very different. Uh huh. I can't say that I was probably any different when I was that age though,
SPEAKER_R: Uh Honestly when I was that age um I didn't even ask I just help myself. Right. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's kind of what my niece is doing right now, she kind of just roaming around and let her do her thing and it's like you know, you know she gets close to get anything, she shouldn't then that's different but she was kind of just occupying yourself entertaining yourself. It's like yeah cool just go do you do your thing?
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Walk
SPEAKER_R: a good thing. Freedom
SPEAKER_L: into walls and stuff?
SPEAKER_R: hey they need her and so
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, well today has been an issue because I think she's growing again because her balance has been way off, she'll just literally just be standing there and suddenly take a couple of steps like staggering. It's like, yeah, you're you're having issues. It's been amusing.
SPEAKER_R: that's a good thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, regardless of uh adult social interactions, it's been a little relief with everything going on, having something.
SPEAKER_R: Yes that's true.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: Okay so um do you have any animals?
SPEAKER_L: I do not, I I used to um my ex and I Yeah, and six cats, I mean, and throughout our relationship we had six cats. At one point, there were two dogs, two ferrets, a bunny, not all at once, mind you, but over over some years first it was just a couple of cats in a couple of dogs and there were some ferrets and then we had to get rid of the ferrets because the vet, bills were ridiculous and think of spirits are technically an exotic pet. Bye.
SPEAKER_R: remember they were mean?
SPEAKER_L: They can be the two we had weren't mean they were just hi high energy and and and we let them like we had a big cage forum more like a large bird cage.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, so they could roam. Um we had a big house what? And cats? So that was fun to watch them interact. Uh huh. And uh but letting the ferrets out of a cage in a big house with cats, mind you was always an issue because you weren't entirely sure if the cats were
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: a with them and then even if they were there are like insects didn't get anywhere, so
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: they'll scurry and then you just have to make sure that they can't get somewhere where you can't get them. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: because you never know when they'll come out. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I know. Well speaking of where it's right I
SPEAKER_L: Me.
SPEAKER_R: used to nanny for this
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: woman that had four Children. They had a fair so the son decided to take the ferret out of the cage. It took us seven hours to find it behind the freezer.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, behind a freezer, that's that's fun because behind furniture is one thing, but I mean that has I mean it's cold, but it has heating elements because you know anything that's electronic heats up. Oh I can't imagine, I don't even want to imagine if that had gotten actually stuck there. I've encountered too many too many random mice in those situations that
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: are fun to deal with. So I can't imagine like a pet seven hours though I've had cats be that stubborn, but I mean that's cats.
SPEAKER_R: well my kids are not that stubborn so I never had a problem with them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the cats we had our were
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: very um you cat like for the standard, you know cats are always like that. They'd they could be nice comforting and social for cats when they wanted to be and
SPEAKER_R: the rest
SPEAKER_L: one was
SPEAKER_R: of the time they're probably means while and hissing fighting.
SPEAKER_L: okay. I mean they were pretty relaxed just on their own, just more loners I guess not not always mean or getting at each other, anything like that. Just not around us much, they're kind of doing their own thing, it was more like it was their house and we were the pets kind of thing. We let
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: you stay here and what kind of just leave you be but if you get in our way then there's problems. Yeah, no 11 was definitely the cranky one of the bunch. She I mean she'd never really like attack or anything but you could always sense that from her just the way she'd like walk or glare at you. Like cats do that anyway. But for her it felt more like she was actually doing it.
SPEAKER_R: Like it was her personality. She couldn't change. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Like like you did something or just look at it the wrong way. Like if you that with people there's certain people that will give you that look of like you know the stink
SPEAKER_R: approach
SPEAKER_L: eye
SPEAKER_R: you in the face
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: family.
SPEAKER_L: was we were pretty sure that's what she was doing. Yeah, it's kind of like this is my house, but for the most part they are pretty okay. They didn't do the typical thing that cats, you know, knock things over just because or fight because their cats or anything like that. It was, but they were there typical. I'll give you attention to what I want attention.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That ain't bad then.
SPEAKER_L: No, No, it could have been, it could have been far worse. Especially with six cats And all six different personalities. It was like living. I don't know if you call it a frat house sorority house. It was, it felt like at times.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. At least they basically all had their own stuff to do and didn't bother each other.
SPEAKER_L: no, I mean, yeah, even when they did interact with each other most of the time, it was pretty uh pretty friendly.
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: You know, they hit their occasional moments where they'd get on each other's nerves. But I mean, what person doesn't do, you know, you live with someone long enough eventually you're gonna have a bad day whether because of a roommate or just you're having a bad day and things aren't going to go well, man. So I mean, can we really blame cats? I think that's just an actual like animalistic nature. How about we vanishes? Okay. So you said you haven't been affected too much as far as uh everything going on. So I assume that means that uh you either have worker studies that you can do from home. That's good. I haven't haven't had either. But I can't
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: say that I have been affected too negatively either because I guess the areas, it just doesn't seem to impact my area all that much economically. Like at the start we had the whole people hoarding things with stores and stuff like that. No riots, just people bulk buying everything. And I was like, why? Like it's just chilled after a while. It was actually bad people were stealing diapers and formula out of other people's carts. So not technically stealing because they haven't bought it yet. But it's like really if you don't have a kid, do you need a person? Formula?
SPEAKER_R: No, but they could sell to the neighbors that need it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I I get the idea behind it was like, especially if you have an infant, you don't need formula infant kind of really do need that. Like diapers, you can kind of make do without if you, if you really try. But formula is a tough one. If you have an infant, there's no formula. It's a problem. Especially if your funds, if your little ones not breastfeeding. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that could be, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's where my mind when I was like, I understand the urge to do that, especially if you can turn around and sell it make a profit, but like at the expense of possibly Mhm, letting someone's infant go hungry, not my style. Mhm. It was, it was bad for like a couple months. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The thing is, yeah, I could see where you're coming from and my name is need help. They always know where to turn so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's kind of like where my mind went and maybe it's also a side effect of the community I live in. But if I had the money, like the resources to stockpile and stuff like that, like I wouldn't turn around and sell it for profit and be like, okay, I spent, you know, $5 on this bottle. I hadn sanitizer. But if someone wants it, I'll charge them like 10 bucks for it. Like I'm
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: not gonna do that. Like
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: especially when it comes to necessities. Like if I have massive stock of toilet paper and household supplies that people actually need, especially non perishable things like either like at most I'll settle it at cost. But if someone is in dire need, like, you know, I'll
SPEAKER_R: just give
SPEAKER_L: post
SPEAKER_R: it to
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: like, hey, if you need toilet paper and you went to the store and there wasn't anything here, you know, here's my address and come pick it up because I mean we're all going through,
SPEAKER_R: The same thing
SPEAKER_L: especially
SPEAKER_R: basically.
SPEAKER_L: at that time we were all going through a massive, terrible time. Like people were, you know, like it's obviously got into a wall at this point, but regardless of riots and harding, like it was kind of a panic moment for a lot of people around the country and the world as a whole. I guess so yeah, someone was in need. It's like here like I definitely don't need this much. So here you go. But even since the start I haven't stocked up on anything, I haven't bought more of this just because I thought it would be,
SPEAKER_R: Needed.
SPEAKER_L: I understand in the future and I was like, yeah, my shopping habits haven't changed aside from just fewer trips to be in public. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my habits really haven't changed at all, so. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think,
SPEAKER_R: The only thing is the mask.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, like I am definitely not opposed to wearing them, like if there's people that don't want to it because whether because they don't believe they work or in uh rebel a you know like in that rebellion.
SPEAKER_R: Embellished rebellious
SPEAKER_L: Ok.
SPEAKER_R: stage.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly, like I mean and from a standpoint of they aren't effective, I can understand not wanting to wear them, but even if even if they don't work, what's the herd and wearing
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, true. But um the thing is when you take
SPEAKER_L: That we
SPEAKER_R: off
SPEAKER_L: have?
SPEAKER_R: your mask, um whatever is on your master is still going into your nose and mouth when you get home and on your stuff. So that's why it's not being effective as much as it should be
SPEAKER_L: Right. I think it's, I think it be more effective if we had access to either masks that could regularly filter that and we can reuse those or nearly impossible, but essentially an endless supply of disposable masks because you can only use those for so long before they stop being effective. You know, if you have just one of those disposable ones, you can only wait for so long before you're just constantly still breathing that in and to bring that back into the house. No, I mean it's not doing that way, like you're keeping it with you, but I don't know, thanks as far as wearing them goes, the only people I see it like being able to get away with not really wearing them public are ones that have actual breathing problems already. Because
SPEAKER_R: Like the ones on oxygen
SPEAKER_L: yeah, exactly, because you're if you're wearing a mask, like I've worn them and even for me, like there's times, so if I'm wearing it for long enough, like it gets a bit harder to breathe because you're not breathing different air, you're breathing in the same
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: same.
SPEAKER_L: it's warm, It's it's it's harder to breathe. So if someone already has respiratory issues. I mean, come on. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know people, I know someone that's personal to me. There is on oxygen 24/7.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I can imagine that being a huge problem to have to wear a mask out in public.
SPEAKER_R: He
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: honestly doesn't leave the curve. If he needs something, he'll send other people
SPEAKER_L: Dell,
SPEAKER_R: in.
SPEAKER_L: that's the way to do it. Because I mean, even if you only need oxygen on occasion, you know, you're not constantly hooked up to oxygen. Like it's still an issue to have to wear masks for those that are literally hooked up to an oxygen tank when they're out in public all the time. I don't know. Like that's I think it's changed for them a lot, anybody that has to deal with those. No, you don't think so? No.
SPEAKER_R: Well, no,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: I'm talking about my niece because she said no, I'm like, she does that every once a while, she's like new. And I was like, yeah, okay. Cool. Apparently she doesn't think so. They're not they're not suffering.
SPEAKER_R: Well she's one, so she's excused. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Well, she hasn't had to deal with that too much because he's either not out much or they got. That's actually one thing I haven't thought of before is like older kids I think are required to wear masks in public as well. I
SPEAKER_R: Even
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: in school, even in school.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but like little ones, like actual infants. Okay. Like, I don't know if there is an actual requirement. I've never, I can honestly say I've never seen an infant having a mask on in public. So I don't know if
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I just haven't
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: noticed it.
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: They're not required. Yeah. Right, Because
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: because, you know, it's like
SPEAKER_R: I'll be,
SPEAKER_L: make them small enough, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. They actually do. I've seen kid ones and stuff. But the thing is um I would be afraid to put it on like a newborn or an infant because they already have so many health problems to begin with that they need to fight
SPEAKER_L: yep. That's, yes. The other side, two years in my mind immediately goes like, typically you don't put things to confine them, especially around their nose and mouth that early because they're still developing all that. So
SPEAKER_R: then you
SPEAKER_L: isn't
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: that initially?
SPEAKER_R: probably be afraid, right? You'd be afraid of it getting sucked into the throat. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean and they mean doctors have been going back and forth on this for years but the whole lay them on their stomach or lay them on their back when they're sleeping. So I mean that's neither here nor there in regards to what's the best because again decades of that. But even then there is the side of like, but if they're on their stomach they could suffocate. That was the whole idea. And is it a mask kind of the same kind of just putting that on them so I can see that fear of any parent, especially a first time parent of putting a mask
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: on their
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: kid.
SPEAKER_R: do? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't envy that part of being a parent right now. Was trying to deal with all that.
SPEAKER_R: Anyone's I've heard Children dying from this coronavirus stuff so they need to figure out something to do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Just because they claimed they are less susceptible to, it doesn't mean it can't happen and doesn't mean I would assume that a certain age of Children are more likely to develop severe symptoms at a certain age, we have really strong immune systems. So the younger ones that haven't hit that stage yet, I think are likely if they contract it, are likely to develop the worst stuff. They just haven't built up anything yet, just like the elderly. It's not that they haven't, it's that it's a drop. So I don't know, I'm I'm I'm on the fence on whether this is really that bad or if it's more like the seasonal flu that we currently have, but it's just a different strain that it's not as bad as they're making it out to be. It's just the initial stages of a new thing that will likely have to deal with the year after year and over time it will just be the seasonal flu kind of thing. I don't think this is honestly, I don't think this is going away. I think we'll just eventually find ways of,
SPEAKER_R: vaccines and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: yep coping with it on a yearly basis and make reducing the numbers right. Only time will tell on that one.
SPEAKER_R: Very true.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Apparently little, little little lights here, are there on a vaccine? Not sure how reliable or or safe any of those are. But
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I want to begin to stand on it first, that's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean, I've, I felt waterfall voluntary form for my area starts doing essentially guinea pig testing on. I was like, cool, you're gonna pay me cool. I'll do it like I have like, cool, I'll do it because I mean whatever. Maybe it's just because I have less real fear and anxiety about it like, you know, because again, I haven't really experienced anything personally in terms of massive numbers in the area or anybody. I know personally that's actually had it. So that could be why I'm more open to be just like, yeah, sure. Give me the vaccine and I'll see if it works because if if I had experienced any of that severe stuff, maybe I'd be less inclined to be like, yeah, just don't come near when we sat until you are short. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I know they were working on one vaccine for it and they had to stop it because too many people were dying from the vaccine, so.
SPEAKER_L: Not the disease. Not, not not some virus, but the actual vaccine is like, yeah, that's a problem. Like if the vaccine is killing more people than the virus, you got, you got some bugs to work out. Not saying that I'm expecting no deaths from a new vaccine that's going to happen. You got have to figure out what works. But yeah, I went, it's a large number. There's a real problem. I don't know. Science medicine just like technology. Like you got, you got your ups and you got your town. Some are leading us in the right direction and some are definitely not how many
SPEAKER_R: However,
SPEAKER_L: people I was like how
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: many
SPEAKER_R: agree
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: have become mindless zombies with you know, television technology and just too reliant. Like I'm no different. I'll admit that, but just too reliant on certain things. Yeah. I don't know. I have I still have hope for humanity and hope.
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: I hope every once in a while shrinks and then grows and shrinks but still there. Hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I give up on humanity a while ago, so, yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's a lot of things I see mostly, you know, through media but that are just like really, really that whole, I don't want to live on this planet anymore. Why? Every once in a while I hear something or see something from like that's where we need to be going. That's that's where we
SPEAKER_R: Please.
SPEAKER_L: need to bring humanity. I just don't know if we're ever going to get there.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Maybe one day
SPEAKER_L: I don't think in our time I'd
SPEAKER_R: I meant millions
SPEAKER_L: like to believe
SPEAKER_R: and millions
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: of music from now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'd like to believe we can reach it before I die. But I'm a bit of a realist in the sense of like nano maybe in a couple 100 years if humanity survived.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. I don't know the way the world is going right now. I don't think it's going to be here too
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean,
SPEAKER_R: with all the wildfires.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So the west coast, Oh, I don't know if it's still going on. I haven't looked in the past in
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: the past,
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: but, but I mean I was here and then it's like skies are like red, you feel outside and it's like inhaling a campfire if like global warming, climate change, believe in that stuff are not like there's definitely an element of it happening and I do believe that Mother Earth is trying to reclaim like you guys have messed up for far too long. You need to go I need to just reset. Yeah, I mean maybe that's what this virus is has been like no, just no you're done.
SPEAKER_R: Well, if that's the case, that means more uh viruses and stuff, we're gonna be popping out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, conspiracy or not. There's a part of me that wonders if the virus is a way to call the population. Like for years we've been saying we're encroaching too much on over population everywhere. So manufactured or natural. Maybe that's part of the reason for it is like no slow down and just just slow down for a while and reduce your numbers, make it manageable again.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So, um, yeah, I was given there was actually reading something on that um, in certain countries to reduce the population um to come to a heart where it I was reading now they take the woman and sterilize them so they can't have them kids and stuff. And I'm like, is that even humanitarian?
SPEAKER_L: Right. I mean I know that for, I mean I don't know if it's still current. I believe it is, but for china like the whole one child per family and to have a second child, you actually have to get approval like
SPEAKER_R: I heard about that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, like that's been a thing for some time. Like not saying it's the greatest, as far as, you know, free free will and all that. But from a population standpoint, I can definitely see because china is one of the most populated countries, it's very dense. But to start going beyond that and actually sterilizing people so they can't reproduce. That's a whole different level, you know, And I don't know, not saying that we don't need something to call the masses,
SPEAKER_R: Call the masses.
SPEAKER_L: but um,
SPEAKER_R: Right, Okay.
SPEAKER_L: and there's certain ways of going about it. There
SPEAKER_R: More
SPEAKER_L: are more humanitarian
SPEAKER_R: ethical
SPEAKER_L: and genocidal. What hair fall? No, I don't know, humanity is definitely derailed.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm not shocked. I'm not. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: We've advanced too quickly I think. And that may have been where we went wrong. I mean if you look at technology itself, we jumped so quickly in the last 100 years. I mean we're nearing mars, not colonization, but I mean the fact that we're sending like real time things up there and getting real time feedback. I mean we're getting closer and closer to that and I don't know how closely you monitor but internet
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: speeds like right now we have
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: internet many places but but
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: like many, many of his other endeavors, Elon musk has suddenly internet going and they're currently trying to get it. So there is a global available internet even in the most rural areas.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's a good thing because people actually need to learn and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like there's, I can definitely see the benefits from it like more reliable, especially for those that have little to no access. I mean I grew up in a more rural area than I already in an internet was, it was decent. But by comparison to where I'm living now is nothing. And I actually just read an article earlier today that they gave early access to a uh, native american tribe in a rural area in Washington state. And their, their internet speeds were 0.32 point seven megabytes a second before getting access to this program. And now they have access to online learning for, for their youth. They have access to telehealth for those that need appointments. They like they don't have to worry about those kinds of issues anymore. And if that can that kind of thing can be made available to some of the most rural of areas. There's a lot of potential there. The to drawbacks I see from it at the moment anyway. Are uh, something extra dependence on technology. Okay. And uh, not, not counting the potential space issues with debris and everything hitting satellites. The other issue is cost like if they're going to be the sole provider of that service with no competitor where they going to charge for access.
SPEAKER_R: I honestly didn't even think of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean think about it like you have the people that provide your power, your water. Your I mean you have different providers for your cell phone, various different price ranges because their competitors they need to keep it. The price is competitive. Do you have no competition? You
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: have,
SPEAKER_R: best
SPEAKER_L: you essentially have freedom to charge whatever you want because knows that desperately wanted or need it
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: have to pay that price. I'm not saying that's the route will go. But it is a concern like what if your standard internet packages Depending on your area like $80 a month. Can you imagine really good internet from the sole provider? It's a monopoly.
SPEAKER_R: No. Uh huh. About
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: 200 300 bucks a month.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean like if it's amazing internet and you actually utilize it to its fullest potential, I could see it being worth it. But I mean.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I really can't see it being worth it because um depending on the provider, they cap it at a certain point then you have everything extra you have to basically pay for.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. Well yeah, it's just like older, older phone plans. It's like here's your allotment anything over, you have to pay extra for. And I could see that being an issue with this as well. I mean, I mean think about it like there's a lot of companies that offer gigabit internet right now and that's stupid expensive. But there's very few people or companies that actually use it because they don't need that much and those that do have it don't utilize it. Like they don't use anywhere near that much. They might use more than the next lowest package, but you're still not really gaining. Like if you get that much and you're paying that much, you want to use it right? You want to like do everything you can to try to get everything you can out of it. So this stuff I don't know, I guess we'll have to see how how things progress with that too. They're moving at a very rapid pace though. I read an article back in july And they had just launched over 400 satellites. The article I read earlier this week there are over 700 satellites. They plan to have like 40,000 satellites but at the rate we're going that will only be like a year or something. Yeah, I can. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Imagine that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And like I said previously like we are advancing at an astronomical rate. The fact that technology is going this way.
SPEAKER_R: Another bad thing about technologies and more technology and
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: cell towers and stuff. Put up more. It takes away from nature and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Oh exactly. Like there's so many like don't get me wrong like I said, I I have a fascination with technology and certain areas, a desire to acquire certain pieces of technology. You know I like games, I like computers, all that kind of stuff. But
SPEAKER_R: same.
SPEAKER_L: but at the same time, like are we reaching too far? Because you have I mean, for a while, they were we still have issues with certain technology giving off radiation and harmful things to the body if this continues. I mean, is there any way of containing that or making it so they don't give up harmful radiation and all that stuff? And then the more we have of it, the more abundant those harmful things become. I mean, think of nuclear power plants, you can't live within a certain range of those without being affected by it. And then they had to develop a way to contain it so people could live closer. It's still only so effective.
SPEAKER_R: Very true.
SPEAKER_L: And then yeah, then you just have the nature side of it. It's like we have quite a few untouched areas left more than we realize. But how long is that gonna last if we keep going this way?
SPEAKER_R: Not long.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Technology advancements, overpopulation. Like both of those our problems for that. Like you can only build so much and you can only build so high. I mean, come on. They built an artificial island in Japan just so they could build something.
SPEAKER_R: I did not hear about that one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I can't say for sure certain that they did. It would spend a few years, but they were building an artificial island for an airport I believe.
SPEAKER_R: That's just a shame.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like, I mean, and obviously some areas of the world started building these taller and taller and taller buildings probably for status, but also because they couldn't build out anymore. They had to build up because they can't go anywhere else. Like Yeah. Hello, we have a problem.
SPEAKER_R: And honestly they want to build on mars so that plan is probably gonna get destroyed over time. Come on.
SPEAKER_L: I mean things things just are, I don't know. There's a, there's a give and take all the time that push and pull of progress and advancement all the time and I'm waiting to see the time where it either leaps forward enough to be beneficial and sustainable or where we finally pushed too far and when we fall, that's it. Like there's gonna be a that breaking point of reaching too far. Mhm And
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: succeeding
SPEAKER_R: honestly
SPEAKER_L: bail.
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't want to be able to see that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I I think that's going to be another one where we're not going to be around to see that, but I am pretty sure it will happen. I don't know plan. It's definitely not liking us though. Yeah. All the
SPEAKER_R: Well it could always be like an uh 100 millions with the um asteroid just hit and write that everything. And so we started.
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's another interesting thing I write. I actually read up on this uh somewhat regularly with asteroids and space degree and like Nasa has the, the Neos near earth objects and whether they be Meteors, asteroids, what have you? And I didn't realize we have this many near earth objects are anything within. I think it's four million miles. I mean and that's a decent distance because the moon is like a quarter of a million miles. So I mean four million is way out there. Um, but anything within a certain range is considered near Earth and potentially dangerous for for you know, obviously possible impact and at any given time we they are monitoring. It's been a little while since I read the article but a bank around 80,000. Yeah. And obviously they range in size but the most recent one was back in late august, early september and it wasn't large. It was maybe, I think they said the size of a standard pickup truck. But I mean that's
SPEAKER_R: I'll stand at large.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean apparently that's not large because we've had by fairly close that were football field size and like Empire State building size. Like we've had relatively close. But yeah, one that was recent. It was pickup truck like so by comparison that's nothing Traveling. I think I think they said 26,000 miles an hour. I think. Again I'd have to actually read it to remember all the numbers but it passed so close that I think it passed closer than the moon. So pretty close. Um The worst part about it is they didn't know about it until after it passed. Yeah. So that's that's like
SPEAKER_R: how could they miss that?
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's that's a problem.
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: I think it
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: could have
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: been.
SPEAKER_R: people not doing their job? Is something all right
SPEAKER_L: I mean I don't know all the specifics. My best guess of why they missed it is because of the size and how close it was. Like certain planes can fly literally under the radar because they have to try to be detected by radar. So my my guess obviously is just that it was too close to be detected early, but that still doesn't mean it's not a problem. Like it might be small by comparison, but an impact would still be bad. Like it's a pickup truck. Try throwing a pick up truck at 26,000 mph at the ground. There's
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: going to be problems.
SPEAKER_R: Well no.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry. I don't care if it's tiny by comparison to your standard problem. Mhm. We are smaller than pickup Bronx. Like context people, context. Yeah. Yeah, papa, papa sleeping. I don't know. It was that was probably one of the more concerning things I've read in a while, even considering Covid right now. Like no, I have more concerned for that. Covid can go screw itself. That's not an issue. Like relatively speaking, we can handle that. We have really no control over space at
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: all. If a rock is on path, and it's like, cool, this looks like a great place to stop.
SPEAKER_R: Hm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, what are we really going to do? I mean,
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: are we gonna armageddon this thing and we're gonna send a team up there to blow it up,
SPEAKER_R: nope.
SPEAKER_L: right? Like, I mean, come on. I mean, w w great if we could for both survival and just cool factor. But yeah, I don't think we're there. Uh That's that's the one thing I can see happening early enough before we wipe ourselves out. We have too much of that going out there. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: that's two of us. Well
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna let you go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's been actually a little while actually. That's right.
SPEAKER_R: I enjoyed talking to you actually.
SPEAKER_L: Same here. Bye.