SPEAKER_L: What? Uh huh. Oh. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. Thank you. You scared? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. It's Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you girl. Yeah, sure. Yeah. The same decision. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. All right. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. See yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mm. Yes. Tell little girl. What are you doing to execute, execute? Yeah. Thanks. Mhm Right. Yeah. Yeah. Long what? Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. One Okay. Right. Yeah, mm. Okay. The construction of a terrorist 41. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Yeah, jesus. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, come on. Because Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. So sorry. Yeah. Uh huh. She's become homeless. Excuse me. Seriously? Talk. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: How's it going?
SPEAKER_L: It's go and can't seem to stop it. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good.
SPEAKER_L: Good? What have you been up to?
SPEAKER_R: I've just been uh working out playing basketball all right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I just got back from physical therapy ahead. My right knee replaced three weeks ago. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness, I hope you're feeling better.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's pretty awesome actually. It's doing really well. But yes, I have a whole brand new Me. I'm like um you know, 1/16 bionic now, so it's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Oh the bionic woman. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um I was just catching up on what was supposed to, it says we're supposed to do quality.
SPEAKER_L: think I've done one of these before and pretty much all we did was just like talk for 25 minutes and we can talk about anything we wanted and that was really it. So yeah, I don't think there's anything more complicated than that, but we can talk so we can talk about anything you like
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Okay. Um
SPEAKER_L: trump.
SPEAKER_R: I've been holding up with the whole pandemic going on.
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good actually. I mean, I am in one of the high great areas, you know, it's very, it was really intense here in new york, but um you know, everybody did what they were supposed to do and use masks and stayed home and, you know, lowered the rate of infection. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm lucky because my husband already works from home has worked from home for 17 years. So you know, and I lost a lot of, I'm a dog sitter. I lost a lot of work when it first happened because people were, you know, home from where I come from school canceled their vacations. But um, I was lucky enough to get a couple of clients who are essential workers. So um,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: they drop their dogs off every day for day care so I can't even take care of them even though I'm Not 100% with my name because I don't have to go anywhere they bring them here. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Get away to work around it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So it's not too bad, you know, I feel like, I mean my, you
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: know, one of my vacations was canceled and I like, I like to go overseas so it's gonna be a long time before I'll be able to do that again. But um you know as far as like going out to eat and stuff, I can live without it for a few months, I'm good. Has it been
SPEAKER_R: You know
SPEAKER_L: by?
SPEAKER_R: part was the canceled plans and everything getting pushed back that's like coat,
SPEAKER_L: said it was one of them.
SPEAKER_R: how many do you have
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: right now that you're you're watching?
SPEAKER_L: I'm watching three and I have my own girl but she's very old and she doesn't really do anything. She's 14.5, so she pretty
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: much
SPEAKER_R: is supervising.
SPEAKER_L: just like she lays around. But they're yeah one of them is right here also she's very cute. This little one is very sweet. Yeah she's really cute. This is ali right, let me sally.
SPEAKER_R: What kind of what kind of puppy is it?
SPEAKER_L: She's a Javanese like like like cuba they come from Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And that's one of the ones that you're sitting there, that's yours,
SPEAKER_L: no it's one of the ones I'm sitting and she comes every day with um her brother is a schnauzer so they come every day together. He's very cute. He looks after she bosses him around but he looks after her. It's really cute And the other one is a beagle that comes every day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And the owner did she get uh the Havana Denny's dog from like Havana or
SPEAKER_L: no that's the
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: breeder
SPEAKER_R: the book?
SPEAKER_L: in the breeder in the U. S. They got they got her from, she's nine years old now so they had her for a while. But yeah so
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: her her owner, he works in queens and he lives out in East Hampton. So he comes every day on his way to work, drops them off, goes to work, comes back, picks them up, goes back home. So have you been working during this pandemic or?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah as much as I can um I have an online vintage clothing store so I
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Oh
SPEAKER_R: it's so I try to it's hard to just get new inventory and stuff like that. But when I go I go a lot less than I used to. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've been going about once a week
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: now just to pick up as much inventory as possible. Uh And then I I sell it throughout the week. Uh I've been like using getting a lot of my backlog uh inventory and posting that up so it's been you know picking up a little bit but it's just like working twice as hard for the same result as before.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's a big problem because uh one of the other things I do a bunch of different jobs but one of the other things I do is I knit for higher um So I do bespoke garments and things like that for people and um yeah, like people that I know that own yarn stores and things, it's like you can't open your store, so they put all their inventory up online, but it took for ever to
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: put
SPEAKER_R: bet.
SPEAKER_L: up, and then once it's up, it's like you have to let everybody know that's where it is and to go into, it's just like, it's crazy. But
SPEAKER_R: You know and the opposite side of things is that uh places are opening up too early, like here, uh I live in south florida, so they're opening up everything way too early in our cases have spiked higher than they were before.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, it's terrible. Down my dad lives down in, well, he lives in, I guess it's really southeast southwestern florida. He's on the gulf coast In Fort Myers and I'm telling him all the time like because he's 90 and I'm like, let everybody do whatever like your neighbors want to shop for you, let them, you know like, don't go anywhere, please give me a favor. Don't go to anybody's backyard barbecue.
SPEAKER_R: Shit.
SPEAKER_L: That's incredible. You know? It's just, it's terrible. Yeah. People are opening well, I just heard the other day we were supposed to open restaurants in new york, but now there you've decided they're not going to, it's still going to be just outdoors only because there was a yeah, didn't like the way it was starting to creep up again. So they worked so hard because new york was hit so hard so they worked so hard to make it lower and now it's like we're not going to have stupid.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, new york got hit hard and
SPEAKER_L: it was really, it was really bad here. It was really, really bad. But in new york city without new Yorkers, like it was just weird when
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: better
SPEAKER_L: spoke.
SPEAKER_R: a ghost town,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like there's nobody there. You look all the way the hell down second avenue to downtown seem nothing. Oh, just crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Yeah, they opened up too early down here and then they want to keep things open, but limit the rules. So they just uh now, like people are going out to bars immediately when they when they were allowed to and then, you know that the cases spiked up. So they had now they just took away everyone's alcohol. No, no, no, there's a lot of alcohol anymore and I
SPEAKER_L: Come
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: to help.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I know. I just feel like saying people, you know like what one of my best friend is a works in a hospital out here. He's a manager and in the laboratory and he calls it the vid. He's like, that didn't go away just because you all got bored. So it's true though. It's like people just feel like, well I'm tired of this so I'm doing what I want. Well, it's definitely going to kill you still. It's not, you know, I don't know. You got to be safe. I mean what's I I have yet to have the cocktail or the meal or whatever that was like worth risking my life over. Oh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: Then I get it sporting. But come on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's I thought that it would, you know, I thought it would be over by now kinda, I guess that's what everyone else is feeling. But it's just people like too impatient. The thing could have been over here in 14 days. If they just, everyone just stopped everything for 14 days we wouldn't find.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah, exactly. Because you know, if you can quarantine everything, you can shut the entire world off for for two weeks, it would have nowhere to go and it would die. But it's like, you know, you just, there's always, and now of course, you know, like it's become political and it's just crazy. You know, the science deniers and everything and I'm like, oh, come on. It's not a good deal.
SPEAKER_R: I had to stop arguing with those.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, exactly. Because you just can't make any headway with people like that and you only make yourself crazy. So hey, I
SPEAKER_R: Even
SPEAKER_L: just like,
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: I actually
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: my head they're not worth the effort. You know, it's not worth wasting your time. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: but I just wonder like how, I don't know, it's just like how hard could it, how hard is it? It's not that hard. It's a piece of fabric of your face. Come on. It's not like anybody's, you know, asking you to, I don't know, cut off a foot, come on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then, yeah, it's basically the argument that it's like, okay, so if if you're right and you're so prideful that you're right and this
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: is all one big overreaction, then
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: the worst thing that happened is
SPEAKER_L: so difficult.
SPEAKER_R: that you have to wear a piece of cloth over your faith for a little while. Like
SPEAKER_L: Right. Can you just suck it up and do it, you know? I don't know. It just makes me a little crazy.
SPEAKER_R: And I still I still see videos of people like out on weekends, like I don't know where they're going, but they're out and nose wearing masks.
SPEAKER_L: No, Now I'm still hearing about things like parties and you know, you're all crazy. It wouldn't be me and even things like, you know, people wanting to go back to church and go into singing and all this kind of stuff. And we're like, I used to work in the theater and we used to call the first couple of rows, the spit and sweat rose because that's what you would see if you said. But like it's, you know, like are you crazy? It spreads by droplets and that is really gonna hurl those droplets even further. So why would you do? I don't know Jack stuff, he has to announce his presence to the world. That's a schnauzer, he likes front window, front door and watchdog tv all day. You know it's like the doors dog tv. He can see everything in the neighborhood, does
SPEAKER_R: That's right.
SPEAKER_L: heels at meals at the neighbors are daring to come out of their own house, get their own nail. How dare they
SPEAKER_R: How the
SPEAKER_L: fine. No one is glad to live. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do they, do they get a chance to like run around in the in the backyard or?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah yeah they go outside you know I take them out several times a day and they get around outside and they're funny when they first come, they come around they got their routine, they come in, they run out the back, they have to you know secure the perimeter, gotta run around the holiday of the yard and you know it's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you're the writer,
SPEAKER_L: it's hysterical. They're really funny.
SPEAKER_R: I need to see how they like work together I guess. Like they're like, okay, I'm working on this side and you know, they all have their own like positions.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly yeah they do, they're fun, they're funny and then they, you know if they see a squirrel or something or rabbit, they like to chase it. They're not fast enough to catch it. But back and back in the day when she was younger my girl could catch. I had her her sister too. I had the two of them, her sister died a couple years ago. But they, they used to hunt together and they had a little, I don't even know like it was like a routine the way they did it, they would run out the back door and they would kind of literally like kind of give each other the high sign and then they'd split up and run around my deck and come around the other side and catch whatever it was like come to them, they are terrible. They killed everything in the yard, squirrels, rabbits, moles, mice, birds, you name it, nothing was safe.
SPEAKER_R: we got we don't even uh don't even have some of those down here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly, I guess. Yeah. Well you have scarier things down there, don't you have things like alligators and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's mostly just like massive, massive lizards and iguanas and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: And bugs. Big bugs,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, tons of bugs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: there was like my my dad called me up because he lived in new york for God like 65 years and then he moved to P. A. For about 10 years and then he went to florida and he's like calls me up one day and he's like, I just saw a roach that was probably the size of my hand and I'm like, I think that's a palmetto bug. Actually. Dad, he's like, I don't know man, I was terrified to step on it. I thought it would eat through my shoe, wow.
SPEAKER_R: bugs are huge, but there are some cockroaches, they just get massive out here. I'm convinced that we have like, you know, a new species developing here in my backyard because we have this big grassy area with with you know, it doesn't really get too much sunlight so the lizards love it over there and they I've never seen bigger lizards than I have in my own backyard there. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: And they're like iguanas like they're that size or they get bigger.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no, no, no. I mean they're not, it's like the normal, the normal little lizards that you would see around like the area like the called brown and goals there, they'll usually get like, you know, two or three inches
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: on their own. But here in this backyard it's like he would rather see like five or six inch One of these
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: like 20 size, the normal ones. And I'm like, Oh my gosh! The cats love them. You hear him in the, in the backyard at night just like was feasting.
SPEAKER_L: There's a big, it makes you wonder like what was he built on nuclear waste dump? What? But yeah, I mean, the only thing I've seen like that down by my dad is is sort of little like gecko things that are about, You know, maybe 4in long. And they're really slender. They like to climb up like the you know, the audio furniture and stuff. They're really cute though.
SPEAKER_R: They're they're green,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they're like a dull green, like a sage green, almost green gray color. And
SPEAKER_R: bigger than normal lizard but smaller than an iguana.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they're really only like, you know, this big, maybe they're really small, but they and their really slimming it like their tails go literally down to like zip down to nothing. But they're really cute. So I like that you're cute when you see them. Like you kind of, they'll come up come up the side of the chair leg and they're so slim and so small that you don't really notice it there and all of a sudden it moves and you're like, oh there's the one they're
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: they're sweet. They don't do anything, you know? So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: we get scared of them and I understand that I guess people from out of town I guess we don't see those are just often I think I think yeah when I took a trip to new york less than a year ago and I didn't see a single lizard over there.
SPEAKER_L: now we have anything like that here. It's too cold. Uh It's too cold in the winter and it gets starts to get cold like in october so they probably don't man can survive because they're cold blooded. Right? So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Because when it gets the rare times where it gets cold
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: down here and cold for us is like in the 50s. So they
SPEAKER_L: like you're not gonna be freezing there where we get freezing.
SPEAKER_R: yeah the iguanas will get so cold and they just they fall out of trees.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've heard that it just like kind of like they kind of go into suspended animation or something and they just like fall out of the tree because they no longer paying attention. There is no longer balancing and stuff. That's
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: crazy. I think that would startle me for sure if I was walking along something fell out of a tree on top of me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then sometimes they just, you know, it gets a little warmer than they thought and it's just fine like like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they just warm up, you know? And then yeah, that's so wild.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: It's like you think they were dead and then they get up and move. That's crazy. Now. We don't have anything like that. We have like, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Only the roaches, you know, froze up and died, I'm gonna get that lucky.
SPEAKER_L: never got in new york city. Got roaches and we got really big rats. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, somehow I didn't see a single rat when I was in new york, I
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: don't know,
SPEAKER_L: you left it, I'll let you go down in the subway. That's usually where I see them like when
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: waiting
SPEAKER_R: it was done the way a lot, I don't know, maybe it was too cold out or something, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: could have been when when I go down the subway I had my knee done in the city and when I was in this going in the first time for for pre op testing and stuff like that, I was waiting for a train. I'm looking down and I'm like just like a whole little bat family down there, there was like three or four of them underneath and they're running along and coming back and telling each other stories and I don't know what they were doing, but it was all big little rat community down there. There was a
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: great old time and everyone else in the platform, like no one else noticed. So I was just like look there's this whole
SPEAKER_R: They did send
SPEAKER_L: world,
SPEAKER_R: to try.
SPEAKER_L: this whole little world going on under your feet, you don't even know anything about. It was pretty it was
SPEAKER_R: I think I've seen like videos of like these massive rats, like dragging pizzas all over the place in new york. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they're pretty big, you know like get up to like more than a foot 14" long, maybe 60
SPEAKER_R: I've been
SPEAKER_L: point
SPEAKER_R: saying
SPEAKER_L: like.
SPEAKER_R: in your gut.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like the size of the cat. Yeah, they get big but there you know, they mostly like to hang out with the garbage e so down in the tunnels and they're down in this you know, I hardly ever ever seen I've never I don't think I've ever seen one in the street, but always in Subways or you know, it's like whenever there's a whenever there's a garbage strike you're going to see one then uh not not as a regular role.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm okay with seeing them in the, you know, in the tunnels and stuff and I don't have to, you know, live near them. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You don't have to dodge out of their way, you know? They're they're they're down on the tracks and you don't have to see them. But yeah, kind of they're better off watched from afar.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hmm. Yeah, I've seen all sorts, I think there's a video one time on Youtube of uh like the groups of people in new york who go out at night with like dogs and stuff and they have uh dogs that are like going for hunting like carriers and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they get rat terriers and they go out and rat catch. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like the ones that they find are huge.
SPEAKER_L: Everyone
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: of us. Yeah, they're like, it's like the king of the rats, They're normal. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I think you'll see when you're like, oh, I don't even think they can get any bigger than that. And then like a couple of minutes later they find one that's even
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: bigger than not one of like.
SPEAKER_L: that's like that one's granddaddy and you're like, yeah, the only time I used to where I grew up, I grew up on a river and we would get water rats sometimes and they were tremendous and they didn't often come up into that. But like my neighbor down the end, I used to go down and play with her little girl. And the neighbor down the end had a built in swimming pool and they lived right on the water. Like I lived on an island in the middle of the river and there was four houses in the center which one of those I lived in and the rest will ring around the outside. So she had one of waterfront properties and they would get come up and they would go swimming in his swimming pool and
SPEAKER_R: Unlike,
SPEAKER_L: it was like a horrifying, you come out in the morning and there'd be one or two of them just like swimming around in there and you're like, oh God.
SPEAKER_R: oh my gosh, it's kind of crazy. Uh like we'll get way like the entirely opposite animals, we get like a chorus of frogs and like those are the ones will wake up to see them in the swimming pool and stuff. I was staying at a friend's place for a little while and by this pool there would just be like dozens of these massive, like palm sized frogs choir
SPEAKER_L: Like both.
SPEAKER_R: of them. You know, at night like it's it's almost deafening at some point. If you're outside, I would walk because I was in a guesthouse and I'd walk to his house um
SPEAKER_L: it's four.
SPEAKER_R: and I would just see them just like splashing just like as I'm walking by the pool, like they all do you just hear these loud splashes? Like, like one after another going into the pool?
SPEAKER_L: Uh like they're having a pool party.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. In the middle of the night I interrupted them.
SPEAKER_L: Well this friend, the same friend of mine who works at the hospital, he's got an apartment and it's on one of those like man made lakes kind of thing, Like a golf course, manmade lake. And there's frogs in there. And after he moved in, you know, he moved in in the winter and didn't realize that was there. And then one night he's on the phone and he's like, do you hear this? And it's like this enormous loud frog. First I was like, I hear it, but I don't know what the hell it is because I forgot there was a lake there and I'm like, like, where are you? He's like, I'm outside a moment patio and I'm like, I think it's frogs like, but yeah, it was just like this there so, wow. It's amazing. Yeah, it's just
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: don't sound like what frogs are supposed to sound like you grew up thinking they're like ribbit, ribbit. No, it doesn't
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: sound,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's like this weird sort of, it's almost like a, I wouldn't say it's high pitched, but it's higher than you would think it would be.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's almost like crickets, but like loud tickets.
SPEAKER_L: Like Exactly, because that's kind of what I thought it was at first. I was like what do you got cicadas? And he's like no. And I'm like wait there's a lake there, it might be frogs. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: When, when cicada like mating season lines up with the times that frogs are here, you can't even go outside.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. It's like it's like you go death. Yeah, they're they're allowed here when we get cicadas, we get the 17 year cicadas. So you don't get them every year. But man, when you get them they're like they're so loud that you're like what are you what why how did how do you make that much noise with the body this big? I don't know. Mhm. And then you have all those horrible little because after they molt all those little body shells are all over the place. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I don't really see those as often I guess. Maybe they're different types.
SPEAKER_L: it might be different ones. Yeah, girls. So
SPEAKER_R: I bet.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah, it's not too bad other but that I mean other than that we got sort of the normal Northeastern wildlife. We got raccoons and uh dear we have foxes one year. They used to come and play in the in the compost heap. You'd see them rolling around playing in the compost heap together. I
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: I Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: I went for a while now but they were they were really cute. There were like three or four of them that would come and they'd roll around and play in there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't I hadn't seen fox was basically my whole life until I got to college and then I saw I saw them all over the place on campus and they get big. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: They get
SPEAKER_R: we're expected
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: it looked
SPEAKER_L: do you go to school?
SPEAKER_R: I go to florida international which is uh down here in Miami. Um And I was surprised to see like like I've never seen a fox in my entire life and then I seen them there, they look like wolves. Some of them. No.
SPEAKER_L: We only get like the smaller ones here we get like the small like the red ones. What you think of the fox? We get those they're not that big, there may be £30 maybe. They're not that big,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no we have those too, but like some of the ones that you see that big. Yeah like I was I went for a for a walk one time, it was maybe like nine or something. Um I was walking around the track that's by like the nature preserve on campus and and I started walking and I look up and I see one of them just staring right back at me. You know the size of like of like a
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: almost like like half the size of a full grown german shepherd and I was just like okay I'll just go back. I walked enough,
SPEAKER_L: Hello
SPEAKER_R: I'll just
SPEAKER_L: Fox.
SPEAKER_R: mhm like I know they're usually harmless but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly like. Yeah. Where I grew up on the river, we used to get raccoons all the time because they like to be near a source of water to wash their food or whatever they do. So you raccoons all the freaking time and they're scary as hell. Like they're just, if they're cornered, they're just nasty vicious. You don't want to be in a dark alley with a raccoon. They're just
SPEAKER_R: We had some fearless raccoons over here recently. I've noticed uh it's quarantine I guess they've been getting a little bit more uh more confidence. They walk around in the daytime. I don't
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: like, well
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: it's like phenomenon since and it's around the world like since everything went into lockdown, there's no people around. Like the animals are taking it back. It's like, like pictures of, you know, like whatever, you know, deer walking right down the middle of the street in paris or something like wherever. But like, you know, just like they there's nothing there to keep, they're not frightened anymore. There's nothing there to frighten them so they're just coming out of the woodwork and walking through the cities like it's nothing okay.
SPEAKER_R: A tv show about that I think. Come see.
SPEAKER_L: There's uh their friends over in europe and they're funny though because they're like oh your raccoons are so cute because they don't have them over there, and I'm like yeah, no they're not they're not, we might look sweet, but they're not they're not hedgehogs, they're not adorable.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: they're wild animals that eat garbage,
SPEAKER_L: they eat garbage and they'll kill you if they get the chance. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: this is our only chance.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's it, they just want to go nuts given the chance, they'll you know, they'll tear your face off. We had one time at the theatre, I worked at an old building, it was It was an old estate that was built in 1830s. And then so now the what used to be the main mansion house, it's like all broken up in town, like actor apartments and the old barn is where the theater is and the box office. So one year we had in the old before they renovated the box of his Dallas, just one woman that used to work there and she'd been there forever and so she was older and she just was like set in her ways and stuff and she would like to sit in the window and she wanted just to sit in the back and deal with just phone calls and all this stuff and she'd been there so long, they just let her do what she wanted. But one day a bit there was a raccoon nest above in the old barn which
SPEAKER_R: Better.
SPEAKER_L: the old loft was like where we stored all the props and stuff and this baby raccoon fell out of the ceiling
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: like right in front of her, on on not on her desk but on the copy machine
SPEAKER_R: Ha
SPEAKER_L: and scared. And the two of it was like one of the things you see in movies where like they're both terrified of each other so they're both screaming like she's screaming and the baby record is screaming like nobody knew what to do but there and screamed at each other for like five minutes. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's like now we had somebody come and catch and release it out in the back near the creek but it's just like
SPEAKER_R: That's funny.
SPEAKER_L: so hilarious. She was she was really not happy and like see this is what comes of sitting in the back stepping out front. That's
SPEAKER_R: Everyone
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: everyone else is just hearing the screams from the other room. They're like what the heck.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. Nobody like there was one of the girl who was out front working with her but she was in the front and she comes running the back like what the hell is going on in there standing there screaming at each other. And I was in the office next door. So I I had like you know I went was going back and I come walking in and I hear all this commotion and screaming and whatever. The one is asking questions and like yeah, I was just really funny. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Do you uh you said you've done one of these before, you know how long we're supposed to talk for
SPEAKER_L: Best check for a minimum of 25 minutes. I don't know what, I didn't notice what time we got on now. Did you?
SPEAKER_R: I think. Uh does it sit on the other page? Yeah. I think so. At the bottom line
SPEAKER_L: I think so. African. I don't know if you can go back to the other page without.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't I never clicked advanced. It said that because Okay, give the conversation with 25 minutes. You were 29.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So if you want to stop, we can stop. All
SPEAKER_R: It was good to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: It was nice to meet you too. Good
SPEAKER_R: Here we
SPEAKER_L: luck.
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: Good luck down there in florida with all your large pictures and covid.
SPEAKER_R: Good luck up there in in new york with your cool temperatures and don't open.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. And good luck with your business. That sounds so cool.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You too.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. Bye.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Right. All right.