How's it going?
I'm good.
I've just been uh working out playing basketball all right. Yeah.
Oh my goodness, I hope you're feeling better.
Oh the bionic woman. Uh huh.
Um I was just catching up on what was supposed to, it says we're supposed to do quality.
Right. Yeah. Okay. Um
I've been holding up with the whole pandemic going on.
Mhm.
Yeah,
Uh Get away to work around it.
Thanks.
You know
part was the canceled plans and everything getting pushed back that's like coat,
how many do you have
right now that you're you're watching?
This
is supervising.
What kind of what kind of puppy is it?
wow.
And that's one of the ones that you're sitting there, that's yours,
And the owner did she get uh the Havana Denny's dog from like Havana or
in
the book?
Mhm.
Um Yeah as much as I can um I have an online vintage clothing store so I
it's so I try to it's hard to just get new inventory and stuff like that. But when I go I go a lot less than I used to. Um
I've been going about once a week
now just to pick up as much inventory as possible. Uh And then I I sell it throughout the week. Uh I've been like using getting a lot of my backlog uh inventory and posting that up so it's been you know picking up a little bit but it's just like working twice as hard for the same result as before.
I
bet.
You know and the opposite side of things is that uh places are opening up too early, like here, uh I live in south florida, so they're opening up everything way too early in our cases have spiked higher than they were before.
Shit.
Yeah, new york got hit hard and
I
better
a ghost town,
Yeah, Yeah, they opened up too early down here and then they want to keep things open, but limit the rules. So they just uh now, like people are going out to bars immediately when they when they were allowed to and then, you know that the cases spiked up. So they had now they just took away everyone's alcohol. No, no, no, there's a lot of alcohol anymore and I
got
to help.
Yeah.
Good.
Yeah. It's I thought that it would, you know, I thought it would be over by now kinda, I guess that's what everyone else is feeling. But it's just people like too impatient. The thing could have been over here in 14 days. If they just, everyone just stopped everything for 14 days we wouldn't find.
I had to stop arguing with those.
Even
know
what
Okay.
Yeah. And then, yeah, it's basically the argument that it's like, okay, so if if you're right and you're so prideful that you're right and this
is all one big overreaction, then
the worst thing that happened is
that you have to wear a piece of cloth over your faith for a little while. Like
And I still I still see videos of people like out on weekends, like I don't know where they're going, but they're out and nose wearing masks.
That's right.
How the
Yeah. Do they, do they get a chance to like run around in the in the backyard or?
so
you're the writer,
I need to see how they like work together I guess. Like they're like, okay, I'm working on this side and you know, they all have their own like positions.
we got we don't even uh don't even have some of those down here.
Yeah. It's mostly just like massive, massive lizards and iguanas and stuff like that.
Oh yeah, tons of bugs. Yeah.
bugs are huge, but there are some cockroaches, they just get massive out here. I'm convinced that we have like, you know, a new species developing here in my backyard because we have this big grassy area with with you know, it doesn't really get too much sunlight so the lizards love it over there and they I've never seen bigger lizards than I have in my own backyard there. Yes.
No, no, no, no, no. I mean they're not, it's like the normal, the normal little lizards that you would see around like the area like the called brown and goals there, they'll usually get like, you know, two or three inches
on their own. But here in this backyard it's like he would rather see like five or six inch One of these
like 20 size, the normal ones. And I'm like, Oh my gosh! The cats love them. You hear him in the, in the backyard at night just like was feasting.
They're they're green,
bigger than normal lizard but smaller than an iguana.
No.
we get scared of them and I understand that I guess people from out of town I guess we don't see those are just often I think I think yeah when I took a trip to new york less than a year ago and I didn't see a single lizard over there.
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Because when it gets the rare times where it gets cold
down here and cold for us is like in the 50s. So they
yeah the iguanas will get so cold and they just they fall out of trees.
it's
not.
Yeah. And then sometimes they just, you know, it gets a little warmer than they thought and it's just fine like like. Yeah.
that's
Only the roaches, you know, froze up and died, I'm gonna get that lucky.
Yeah, somehow I didn't see a single rat when I was in new york, I
don't know,
you
know,
it was done the way a lot, I don't know, maybe it was too cold out or something, I don't know.
huh.
They did send
to try.
I think I've seen like videos of like these massive rats, like dragging pizzas all over the place in new york. Yeah,
I've been
saying
in your gut.
yeah, I'm okay with seeing them in the, you know, in the tunnels and stuff and I don't have to, you know, live near them. Uh
Yeah. Hmm. Yeah, I've seen all sorts, I think there's a video one time on Youtube of uh like the groups of people in new york who go out at night with like dogs and stuff and they have uh dogs that are like going for hunting like carriers and stuff.
Yeah, like the ones that they find are huge.
I mean,
I think you'll see when you're like, oh, I don't even think they can get any bigger than that. And then like a couple of minutes later they find one that's even
bigger than not one of like.
Unlike,
oh my gosh, it's kind of crazy. Uh like we'll get way like the entirely opposite animals, we get like a chorus of frogs and like those are the ones will wake up to see them in the swimming pool and stuff. I was staying at a friend's place for a little while and by this pool there would just be like dozens of these massive, like palm sized frogs choir
of them. You know, at night like it's it's almost deafening at some point. If you're outside, I would walk because I was in a guesthouse and I'd walk to his house um
and I would just see them just like splashing just like as I'm walking by the pool, like they all do you just hear these loud splashes? Like, like one after another going into the pool?
Yeah, exactly. In the middle of the night I interrupted them.
They
don't sound like what frogs are supposed to sound like you grew up thinking they're like ribbit, ribbit. No, it doesn't
sound,
yeah, it's almost like crickets, but like loud tickets.
When, when cicada like mating season lines up with the times that frogs are here, you can't even go outside.
I don't really see those as often I guess. Maybe they're different types.
I bet.
Well
I Sorry?
I didn't I hadn't seen fox was basically my whole life until I got to college and then I saw I saw them all over the place on campus and they get big. Yeah
we're expected
it looked
I go to florida international which is uh down here in Miami. Um And I was surprised to see like like I've never seen a fox in my entire life and then I seen them there, they look like wolves. Some of them. No.
Yeah no we have those too, but like some of the ones that you see that big. Yeah like I was I went for a for a walk one time, it was maybe like nine or something. Um I was walking around the track that's by like the nature preserve on campus and and I started walking and I look up and I see one of them just staring right back at me. You know the size of like of like a
you know
almost like like half the size of a full grown german shepherd and I was just like okay I'll just go back. I walked enough,
I'll just
mhm like I know they're usually harmless but
We had some fearless raccoons over here recently. I've noticed uh it's quarantine I guess they've been getting a little bit more uh more confidence. They walk around in the daytime. I don't
know
you.
A tv show about that I think. Come see.
No
they're wild animals that eat garbage,
this is our only chance.
Better.
Oh my gosh.
Ha
Mhm.
That's funny.
Everyone
everyone else is just hearing the screams from the other room. They're like what the heck.
Mhm. Do you uh you said you've done one of these before, you know how long we're supposed to talk for
I think. Uh does it sit on the other page? Yeah. I think so. At the bottom line
I didn't I never clicked advanced. It said that because Okay, give the conversation with 25 minutes. You were 29.
It was good to meet you.
Here we
go.
Good luck up there in in new york with your cool temperatures and don't open.
Thank you. You too.
Okay. Right. All right.