What? Uh huh. Oh. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. Thank you. You scared? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. It's Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you girl. Yeah, sure. Yeah. The same decision. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. All right. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. See yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mm. Yes. Tell little girl. What are you doing to execute, execute? Yeah. Thanks. Mhm Right. Yeah. Yeah. Long what? Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. One Okay. Right. Yeah, mm. Okay. The construction of a terrorist 41. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Yeah, jesus. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, come on. Because Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. So sorry. Yeah. Uh huh. She's become homeless. Excuse me. Seriously? Talk. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Hello?
It's go and can't seem to stop it. How are you?
Good? What have you been up to?
I just got back from physical therapy ahead. My right knee replaced three weeks ago. So
yeah, it's pretty awesome actually. It's doing really well. But yes, I have a whole brand new Me. I'm like um you know, 1/16 bionic now, so it's pretty cool.
Yeah.
think I've done one of these before and pretty much all we did was just like talk for 25 minutes and we can talk about anything we wanted and that was really it. So yeah, I don't think there's anything more complicated than that, but we can talk so we can talk about anything you like
trump.
Pretty good actually. I mean, I am in one of the high great areas, you know, it's very, it was really intense here in new york, but um you know, everybody did what they were supposed to do and use masks and stayed home and, you know, lowered the rate of infection. Um
I'm lucky because my husband already works from home has worked from home for 17 years. So you know, and I lost a lot of, I'm a dog sitter. I lost a lot of work when it first happened because people were, you know, home from where I come from school canceled their vacations. But um, I was lucky enough to get a couple of clients who are essential workers. So um,
they drop their dogs off every day for day care so I can't even take care of them even though I'm Not 100% with my name because I don't have to go anywhere they bring them here. So. Yeah.
Yeah. So it's not too bad, you know, I feel like, I mean my, you
know, one of my vacations was canceled and I like, I like to go overseas so it's gonna be a long time before I'll be able to do that again. But um you know as far as like going out to eat and stuff, I can live without it for a few months, I'm good. Has it been
by?
said it was one of them.
Well
I'm watching three and I have my own girl but she's very old and she doesn't really do anything. She's 14.5, so she pretty
much
just like she lays around. But they're yeah one of them is right here also she's very cute. This little one is very sweet. Yeah she's really cute. This is ali right, let me sally.
She's a Javanese like like like cuba they come from Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah,
no it's one of the ones I'm sitting and she comes every day with um her brother is a schnauzer so they come every day together. He's very cute. He looks after she bosses him around but he looks after her. It's really cute And the other one is a beagle that comes every day. Yeah.
no that's the
breeder
in the breeder in the U. S. They got they got her from, she's nine years old now so they had her for a while. But yeah so
her her owner, he works in queens and he lives out in East Hampton. So he comes every day on his way to work, drops them off, goes to work, comes back, picks them up, goes back home. So have you been working during this pandemic or?
That's awesome. Oh
yeah.
Well.
Yeah that's a big problem because uh one of the other things I do a bunch of different jobs but one of the other things I do is I knit for higher um So I do bespoke garments and things like that for people and um yeah, like people that I know that own yarn stores and things, it's like you can't open your store, so they put all their inventory up online, but it took for ever to
put
up, and then once it's up, it's like you have to let everybody know that's where it is and to go into, it's just like, it's crazy. But
Oh yeah, it's terrible. Down my dad lives down in, well, he lives in, I guess it's really southeast southwestern florida. He's on the gulf coast In Fort Myers and I'm telling him all the time like because he's 90 and I'm like, let everybody do whatever like your neighbors want to shop for you, let them, you know like, don't go anywhere, please give me a favor. Don't go to anybody's backyard barbecue.
That's incredible. You know? It's just, it's terrible. Yeah. People are opening well, I just heard the other day we were supposed to open restaurants in new york, but now there you've decided they're not going to, it's still going to be just outdoors only because there was a yeah, didn't like the way it was starting to creep up again. So they worked so hard because new york was hit so hard so they worked so hard to make it lower and now it's like we're not going to have stupid.
it was really, it was really bad here. It was really, really bad. But in new york city without new Yorkers, like it was just weird when
you
spoke.
Yeah. Like there's nobody there. You look all the way the hell down second avenue to downtown seem nothing. Oh, just crazy.
Come
on.
Okay. I know. I just feel like saying people, you know like what one of my best friend is a works in a hospital out here. He's a manager and in the laboratory and he calls it the vid. He's like, that didn't go away just because you all got bored. So it's true though. It's like people just feel like, well I'm tired of this so I'm doing what I want. Well, it's definitely going to kill you still. It's not, you know, I don't know. You got to be safe. I mean what's I I have yet to have the cocktail or the meal or whatever that was like worth risking my life over. Oh yeah,
yeah.
Then I get it sporting. But come on.
Well yeah, exactly. Because you know, if you can quarantine everything, you can shut the entire world off for for two weeks, it would have nowhere to go and it would die. But it's like, you know, you just, there's always, and now of course, you know, like it's become political and it's just crazy. You know, the science deniers and everything and I'm like, oh, come on. It's not a good deal.
Yeah. No, exactly. Because you just can't make any headway with people like that and you only make yourself crazy. So hey, I
just like,
I actually
my head they're not worth the effort. You know, it's not worth wasting your time. Yeah,
but I just wonder like how, I don't know, it's just like how hard could it, how hard is it? It's not that hard. It's a piece of fabric of your face. Come on. It's not like anybody's, you know, asking you to, I don't know, cut off a foot, come on.
Well,
this
so difficult.
Right. Can you just suck it up and do it, you know? I don't know. It just makes me a little crazy.
No, Now I'm still hearing about things like parties and you know, you're all crazy. It wouldn't be me and even things like, you know, people wanting to go back to church and go into singing and all this kind of stuff. And we're like, I used to work in the theater and we used to call the first couple of rows, the spit and sweat rose because that's what you would see if you said. But like it's, you know, like are you crazy? It spreads by droplets and that is really gonna hurl those droplets even further. So why would you do? I don't know Jack stuff, he has to announce his presence to the world. That's a schnauzer, he likes front window, front door and watchdog tv all day. You know it's like the doors dog tv. He can see everything in the neighborhood, does
heels at meals at the neighbors are daring to come out of their own house, get their own nail. How dare they
fine. No one is glad to live. Yeah.
Oh yeah yeah they go outside you know I take them out several times a day and they get around outside and they're funny when they first come, they come around they got their routine, they come in, they run out the back, they have to you know secure the perimeter, gotta run around the holiday of the yard and you know it's
like
it's hysterical. They're really funny.
Exactly yeah they do, they're fun, they're funny and then they, you know if they see a squirrel or something or rabbit, they like to chase it. They're not fast enough to catch it. But back and back in the day when she was younger my girl could catch. I had her her sister too. I had the two of them, her sister died a couple years ago. But they, they used to hunt together and they had a little, I don't even know like it was like a routine the way they did it, they would run out the back door and they would kind of literally like kind of give each other the high sign and then they'd split up and run around my deck and come around the other side and catch whatever it was like come to them, they are terrible. They killed everything in the yard, squirrels, rabbits, moles, mice, birds, you name it, nothing was safe.
Yeah, exactly, I guess. Yeah. Well you have scarier things down there, don't you have things like alligators and
And bugs. Big bugs,
there was like my my dad called me up because he lived in new york for God like 65 years and then he moved to P. A. For about 10 years and then he went to florida and he's like calls me up one day and he's like, I just saw a roach that was probably the size of my hand and I'm like, I think that's a palmetto bug. Actually. Dad, he's like, I don't know man, I was terrified to step on it. I thought it would eat through my shoe, wow.
And they're like iguanas like they're that size or they get bigger.
Well
all
There's a big, it makes you wonder like what was he built on nuclear waste dump? What? But yeah, I mean, the only thing I've seen like that down by my dad is is sort of little like gecko things that are about, You know, maybe 4in long. And they're really slender. They like to climb up like the you know, the audio furniture and stuff. They're really cute though.
Yeah, they're like a dull green, like a sage green, almost green gray color. And
yeah, they're really only like, you know, this big, maybe they're really small, but they and their really slimming it like their tails go literally down to like zip down to nothing. But they're really cute. So I like that you're cute when you see them. Like you kind of, they'll come up come up the side of the chair leg and they're so slim and so small that you don't really notice it there and all of a sudden it moves and you're like, oh there's the one they're
they're sweet. They don't do anything, you know? So yeah,
now we have anything like that here. It's too cold. Uh It's too cold in the winter and it gets starts to get cold like in october so they probably don't man can survive because they're cold blooded. Right? So
of
like you're not gonna be freezing there where we get freezing.
Yeah, I've heard that it just like kind of like they kind of go into suspended animation or something and they just like fall out of the tree because they no longer paying attention. There is no longer balancing and stuff. That's
pretty
crazy. I think that would startle me for sure if I was walking along something fell out of a tree on top of me.
they just warm up, you know? And then yeah, that's so wild.
It's like you think they were dead and then they get up and move. That's crazy. Now. We don't have anything like that. We have like, you know.
never got in new york city. Got roaches and we got really big rats. But
well
you left it, I'll let you go down in the subway. That's usually where I see them like when
I'm
waiting
could have been when when I go down the subway I had my knee done in the city and when I was in this going in the first time for for pre op testing and stuff like that, I was waiting for a train. I'm looking down and I'm like just like a whole little bat family down there, there was like three or four of them underneath and they're running along and coming back and telling each other stories and I don't know what they were doing, but it was all big little rat community down there. There was a
great old time and everyone else in the platform, like no one else noticed. So I was just like look there's this whole
world,
this whole little world going on under your feet, you don't even know anything about. It was pretty it was
Yeah, they're pretty big, you know like get up to like more than a foot 14" long, maybe 60
point
like.
Yeah, like the size of the cat. Yeah, they get big but there you know, they mostly like to hang out with the garbage e so down in the tunnels and they're down in this you know, I hardly ever ever seen I've never I don't think I've ever seen one in the street, but always in Subways or you know, it's like whenever there's a whenever there's a garbage strike you're going to see one then uh not not as a regular role.
Yeah. You don't have to dodge out of their way, you know? They're they're they're down on the tracks and you don't have to see them. But yeah, kind of they're better off watched from afar.
Yeah, they get rat terriers and they go out and rat catch. Yeah.
Everyone
of us. Yeah, they're like, it's like the king of the rats, They're normal. Yeah,
Well
that's like that one's granddaddy and you're like, yeah, the only time I used to where I grew up, I grew up on a river and we would get water rats sometimes and they were tremendous and they didn't often come up into that. But like my neighbor down the end, I used to go down and play with her little girl. And the neighbor down the end had a built in swimming pool and they lived right on the water. Like I lived on an island in the middle of the river and there was four houses in the center which one of those I lived in and the rest will ring around the outside. So she had one of waterfront properties and they would get come up and they would go swimming in his swimming pool and
it was like a horrifying, you come out in the morning and there'd be one or two of them just like swimming around in there and you're like, oh God.
Like both.
it's four.
Uh like they're having a pool party.
Well this friend, the same friend of mine who works at the hospital, he's got an apartment and it's on one of those like man made lakes kind of thing, Like a golf course, manmade lake. And there's frogs in there. And after he moved in, you know, he moved in in the winter and didn't realize that was there. And then one night he's on the phone and he's like, do you hear this? And it's like this enormous loud frog. First I was like, I hear it, but I don't know what the hell it is because I forgot there was a lake there and I'm like, like, where are you? He's like, I'm outside a moment patio and I'm like, I think it's frogs like, but yeah, it was just like this there so, wow. It's amazing. Yeah, it's just
like,
no,
yeah, it's like this weird sort of, it's almost like a, I wouldn't say it's high pitched, but it's higher than you would think it would be.
Like Exactly, because that's kind of what I thought it was at first. I was like what do you got cicadas? And he's like no. And I'm like wait there's a lake there, it might be frogs. Yeah,
exactly. It's like it's like you go death. Yeah, they're they're allowed here when we get cicadas, we get the 17 year cicadas. So you don't get them every year. But man, when you get them they're like they're so loud that you're like what are you what why how did how do you make that much noise with the body this big? I don't know. Mhm. And then you have all those horrible little because after they molt all those little body shells are all over the place. Yeah,
it might be different ones. Yeah, girls. So
but yeah, it's not too bad other but that I mean other than that we got sort of the normal Northeastern wildlife. We got raccoons and uh dear we have foxes one year. They used to come and play in the in the compost heap. You'd see them rolling around playing in the compost heap together. I
have
I went for a while now but they were they were really cute. There were like three or four of them that would come and they'd roll around and play in there. Yeah.
They get
how
do you go to school?
We only get like the smaller ones here we get like the small like the red ones. What you think of the fox? We get those they're not that big, there may be £30 maybe. They're not that big,
Like
you know?
Hello
Fox.
Yeah exactly like. Yeah. Where I grew up on the river, we used to get raccoons all the time because they like to be near a source of water to wash their food or whatever they do. So you raccoons all the freaking time and they're scary as hell. Like they're just, if they're cornered, they're just nasty vicious. You don't want to be in a dark alley with a raccoon. They're just
It's
like, well
it's like phenomenon since and it's around the world like since everything went into lockdown, there's no people around. Like the animals are taking it back. It's like, like pictures of, you know, like whatever, you know, deer walking right down the middle of the street in paris or something like wherever. But like, you know, just like they there's nothing there to keep, they're not frightened anymore. There's nothing there to frighten them so they're just coming out of the woodwork and walking through the cities like it's nothing okay.
There's uh their friends over in europe and they're funny though because they're like oh your raccoons are so cute because they don't have them over there, and I'm like yeah, no they're not they're not, we might look sweet, but they're not they're not hedgehogs, they're not adorable.
What?
they eat garbage and they'll kill you if they get the chance. Yeah.
Yeah, that's it, they just want to go nuts given the chance, they'll you know, they'll tear your face off. We had one time at the theatre, I worked at an old building, it was It was an old estate that was built in 1830s. And then so now the what used to be the main mansion house, it's like all broken up in town, like actor apartments and the old barn is where the theater is and the box office. So one year we had in the old before they renovated the box of his Dallas, just one woman that used to work there and she'd been there forever and so she was older and she just was like set in her ways and stuff and she would like to sit in the window and she wanted just to sit in the back and deal with just phone calls and all this stuff and she'd been there so long, they just let her do what she wanted. But one day a bit there was a raccoon nest above in the old barn which
the old loft was like where we stored all the props and stuff and this baby raccoon fell out of the ceiling
like right in front of her, on on not on her desk but on the copy machine
and scared. And the two of it was like one of the things you see in movies where like they're both terrified of each other so they're both screaming like she's screaming and the baby record is screaming like nobody knew what to do but there and screamed at each other for like five minutes. Yeah
it's like now we had somebody come and catch and release it out in the back near the creek but it's just like
so hilarious. She was she was really not happy and like see this is what comes of sitting in the back stepping out front. That's
not.
Right. Yeah. Nobody like there was one of the girl who was out front working with her but she was in the front and she comes running the back like what the hell is going on in there standing there screaming at each other. And I was in the office next door. So I I had like you know I went was going back and I come walking in and I hear all this commotion and screaming and whatever. The one is asking questions and like yeah, I was just really funny. Yeah.
Best check for a minimum of 25 minutes. I don't know what, I didn't notice what time we got on now. Did you?
I think so. African. I don't know if you can go back to the other page without.
Okay. So if you want to stop, we can stop. All
It was nice to meet you too. Good
luck.
Good luck down there in florida with all your large pictures and covid.
Exactly. And good luck with your business. That sounds so cool.
Thanks. Bye.