SPEAKER_R: he's not showing people how are you able to U. P.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hi. I can hear you but I can't see you. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Let's see if I can get this work in. I think it's my webcam. That is strange. It's plugged in. It says it's on
SPEAKER_L: Maybe something covering it.
SPEAKER_R: uh No nothing's covering out. See.
SPEAKER_L: Because I see like a rolling black screen, like it's moving, but it's black and with a great bar.
SPEAKER_R: Okay let's see. Let's go into settings here and see what it's telling me. It's really strange. Mhm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm mm. Uh Can
SPEAKER_R: Let's try
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: see me?
SPEAKER_R: I can cfs yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Really?
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: Hello? So have you done this before?
SPEAKER_R: Um I've done previous rounds of it but I haven't participated route.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. This is my first time. So how does it usually go? Do you like just Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: right now it's 12.07. So for the next 25 minutes we can just talk about absolutely anything. Um and then after 25 minutes we disconnect and then they give
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: us like a short survey on how the conversation went and and things like that.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Great. So well it's like soccer. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Um Okay. So is that wine in your background?
SPEAKER_R: Uh They're actually they're candles.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's cute. Did you make those where you bottom?
SPEAKER_R: we did. We made on quarantine has been boring so we've been finding things to do. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't had a lot of free quarantine time. I'm a book editor. So it does, it didn't really affect and I'm a home body. So corn kind of right up my alley. I've been practicing that for years.
SPEAKER_R: Nothing wrong with us.
SPEAKER_L: Right? Um So do you have kids?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No I I raise animals so I've
SPEAKER_L: Welcome
SPEAKER_R: got some of those but no Children yet,
SPEAKER_L: Everything. I have one son. 16. Yeah. Every day. It's up in the air feel. C 17. These teenage years are something else? Two. Mm hmm. Uh
SPEAKER_R: So where do you what state do you live in?
SPEAKER_L: I live in florida.
SPEAKER_R: Oh me too.
SPEAKER_L: Oh what part were part of human
SPEAKER_R: We're cape coral. So we're
SPEAKER_L: two?
SPEAKER_R: over on the gulf side.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Kissimmee. So in the middle I'm originally from Chicago though and I lived in Virginia and then I settled here.
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually from Virginia. So I grew
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: up in Virginia here.
SPEAKER_L: apple. I live than enrichment.
SPEAKER_R: Okay I was Harrisonburg, so we were about an hour from Charlottesville.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm. Never went there. Sorry, I moved to Virginia to take a job and then it was once that was over, there was nothing else really keeping me there. So went on. I moved to florida. Like I literally woke up and said I want to live in florida and we packed up and left.
SPEAKER_R: yeah we had a really bad winter in Virginia and I was going through a divorce and I decided I had some money in savings and I decided I'm just gonna quit my job, I'm gonna move to florida, I'll find a different job and I just left and yeah I I don't regret it.
SPEAKER_L: Me neither. Me neither people um when I was gonna move here because I had no one hear anything, no one but mickey mouse. And people were like why florida and like why not? Like you know um my work is mobile at home school already. So I was like why did I go and I'm from Chicago and I went to college in Wisconsin. So it's a no brainer. I'm gonna go with the heat. I don't care if I never see snow again in my life, it would be too soon. So this is so how have you been managing with the quarantine?
SPEAKER_R: Before this I was working as a home health nurse so I actually just completely quit. I've got some health problems and they lied to me and they put me with a covid patient
SPEAKER_L: On.
SPEAKER_R: and they told me they told me she was negative. So I decided, yeah, I decided at that point I just I left and now I'm doing work from home so I'm doing a lot of this kind of thing to keep going for a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been doing some of it because um you know publishing is I had a really big client who Amazon actually terminated them and I had that client for like five years and they were like 90% of my business and you know you can get complacent if you have someone who is giving you more business than you can handle even you know, you know, you get, you get comfortable in there because it works so well and then when they got snatched away, that's when you learned that wasn't the best idea. So um I've been doing this kind of stuff to just kind of connect the dots because I had to start from scratch. I have been kind of out of the marketplace as far as taking on new clients for five years. So I've been doing these things to kind of making me, you know, and you know, have a 16 year old, so they're expensive. But it's, you know, it's interesting though, because you really, I never even thought about this kind of stuff. I didn't know it existed until I needed it
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's how I was, I went
SPEAKER_L: in.
SPEAKER_R: online to see what I could do and I thought maybe I'd have to work through like a call center or something and this
SPEAKER_L: I left
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: and I never pulled the trigger. I just, it was too much. Like they make it sound really simple, But yeah, it was like it was just too much and then to have to pay the work. That was crazy to me. So I didn't um what other things do you do do you do like the user testing?
SPEAKER_R: Um I have signed up for them but I've only ever done one thing for them. I don't really qualify for much. Um I'm not sure I do the prolific things. Um And then there's one called amazon mechanical turk And when you start out with it you might make like $2 a day and it seems really kind of pointless. But if you get qualifications, if if you look up like a demographic for
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: one of the searches or qualifier for one of the searches, It'll it'll put you in for things that actually give a decent pay scale. So you can go from making two bucks a day to maybe 20 and it's not everything, but it'll keep you going a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I am signed up for it and I think like it took a long time to get the account and by the time the account came through there was like all these other things that I was doing um I do that user testing site and I get it's frustrating because there's so many tests and then you can do 100 and qualify for like one.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think that's why I kind of gave up on it because I just kept getting disqualified and I'm like, yeah, you know.
SPEAKER_L: I mean not. Okay. Um so that was one of the ones that I do. I found that as I do him. I if I put the time in I probably can get, I could get one every day. But like I don't want to go through all those tests. Like it's it gets after a while it's just like it's a waste of time. But yeah I should check that mechanical turk because I did I do think it came back um around and I didn't sign in so I should probably try that. Um
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I may have I may have gotten lucky on the mechanical turk because I actually signed up for it in 2008 and then forgot about it completely. So I because I did it for about a year and then just stop because I wasn't making anything so maybe it's just how old my account is that kind of helps me.
SPEAKER_L: that could be that could be um it's another thing that with some some a lot of these things they have like you know you may get something. But is this one thing called Lion's Bridge worrying Bridge that I just started? And that one you look at facebook ads and evaluate them. So they take like um They pay $3 um Her day like a base $3 per day and then 50 cents per ad. And you can do 30 ads in a day. So that's like $9 a day.
SPEAKER_R: that's not bad at all.
SPEAKER_L: All right. And it takes like an hour new studies available on prolific. I'm gonna take this off. Did you get that extension? That browser?
SPEAKER_R: I do I like it it helps a lot but if I'm watching a movie in the evening and my boyfriend's like what's that noise? Like shut up inside.
SPEAKER_L: Right, allow like new study. Anyone. It's like false alarms half the time. Like they'll say a new study and I go and there's no new study and then when I forgotten about it 20 minutes later then here comes back.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I go through the same thing. See I I have my computer so like my I watched tv and stuff through the same computer that took up to a tv and yeah it's really distracting in the middle of the night when I forget and
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: screaming.
SPEAKER_L: it's loud? Oh that's funny. I don't I have my um a home office. So the computer is in a different room but it's in like the law right outside my room. So that's funny. I have to think about that when I leave my computer up and feel like started talking scared the crap out of me. But I do like prolific because it is pretty consistent you know and The studies are truthful. I found with a lot of these survey things they'll say like the survey will take five minutes and it takes like 25 minutes and you get a sense, you know, so I do like that you know they're very um for the most part accurate in what something is gonna, the time is going to take and what it's gonna cost
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've tried some surveys on that website called swag Books and it
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: says like a dollar for a 40 minute survey and you're desperate. So you take it and then an hour later you finished and it says, oh you were disqualified. It's like no, you took my information, man.
SPEAKER_L: we need my stuff back because you know it wasn't qualified way before this. Um I just started doing because I have to say I didn't really like because I had like sir I had savings and credit so I wasn't really um so very proactive with like generating extra until you start to get to the end and you're like yeah I should probably do something. Um I did just I just last week started using those like and rakuten and I by the grocery apps, so that's like saving because at this point it's like I want to now, it's like a challenges. I'm like a game to me, like what I can say then, you know how much I can um You know making in cash back and stuff like that. It's weird because I didn't know like how much like just from a grocery trip that I was going to do any way you can get like, like I went to the grocery store the other day and I Spent like $65. And then when I scanned my receipts into the different sites, I got like about $7. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So my, wow, this is fun, this is um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But it's you know, we're doing it, this is probably good for me because I realize now that I have to watch my spending. I probably was pretty wasteful before
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's it's crazy what we used to spend versus what we by now,
SPEAKER_L: well and when we spend that we didn't need to, but like you didn't care enough because I had it so I didn't care
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: enough to like stop, like I've been going through and like canceling subscriptions and streaming services and stuff that I just didn't use. Um and I didn't think about it because it didn't, you know, affect my bottom line, but now like every dollar has a job and
SPEAKER_R: that's how it is here. And we would go out to eat twice a week, we go out to the bar every weekend and now we just, we eat at home every day, we stay home and it's amazing what money you say. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I used to do you use any budgeting apps?
SPEAKER_R: I do. It's just a generic one though, I forget what it's called, but it just, it lets you manually do it and then
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: have to think about it too while you're putting it in.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I used this one car, you need a budget I've been using for years, but like I never I you know, get all gung ho and put everything in and then I'll use it and then I lose interest because I didn't really, you know, budgeting wasn't a priority. Um So now I think this is the first time I'm like actually using it and using it um consistently, it really makes a difference just what you spend when you have to think about it, because even if you have very little money, you still can overspend because you're like, oh that's just five bucks, I can spend it or me, like my, I used to, and it's amazing because this whole thing with my income going down has been almost a year, right? I literally just started really cutting back in the last two months. And so I used to do like my groceries with Instacart and I finally stopped using it and I would, I would like to say I did it because I was, you know, I realized that I could save money by not doing it, but I did it because They have a yearly subscription thing where you don't pay for delivery, you pay like $119 a year and then the delivery is free and that includes the service charge. So
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: have,
SPEAKER_L: email saying, well now we're going to go to a new model where you will be charged the service charge, but with your yearly subscription you'll get a discount on it. That's what, that's what sent me over the edge.
SPEAKER_R: I'm a weirdo who likes to go grocery shopping because
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: I like
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: to, my boyfriend will only eat like the most bland food in the world, so I basically took two meals every night and
SPEAKER_L: room.
SPEAKER_R: I love to go and uh oh there's a new spice and this is on sale and I'm weird, I like to get out, that's that's like the one thing I still leave the house to do.
SPEAKER_L: I tried to go early in the morning though when it's not as crowded. But yeah, I didn't, I had a grocery shop and in fact before even like the instant cards and stuff when I lived in Virginia Kroger that where you can go pick it up and they fulfill it. So I was doing that and I just didn't go and um but that was the thing that they were gonna start charging the service charge that that pushed me over the edge. Not the fact that public is like the most expensive store is. And when you use insta cart the prices of each item is more, the price is higher. Then you have to tip the person. So None of that made me stop, it made me stop. And the audacity of them 212 charge me up front feet and then also charged me this extra. So I did it. I'm slowly but surely getting back into the group but it does excite me just to see how much further my money goes with going into the store. And so I do a lot at walmart um and go to public for certain things but everything like because when you think about it, If you're paying 50 cents to a dollar more her item
SPEAKER_R: It adds quick.
SPEAKER_L: it adds up. Um And I would just look for the big look at the big picture like this is 100 and $50 and I got 10, 15 things you know but Now when I go to the store and have a full kurt and it's like 80 bucks so that's been fun um noticing. Um So I mean it probably is something that needed to happen
SPEAKER_R: perhaps.
SPEAKER_L: to change my views and my wastefulness and break my addiction to the delivery like the Uber eats and uh Postmates and all of that. When I lived in Virginia, I lived near um neither mom. So they stripped in every chain restaurant you can think of. I would have to and that's when I worked in the corporate world and I would have to drive past it, drive down for a street past it. And so I had to pass like Hooters, red lobster olive garden out back, not to mention the other restaurants and um cheesecake factory, everything was right there. And since we're close to my house they also were Uber eats, So I was being so wasteful, I would probably spend like maybe $2 $300 in a week in these um food apps and I was still spending money on groceries except my groceries are going in the garbage because I would have the best intentions that I'm gonna cook when it came time to do it, I'm busy, I got a lot of work so I'm just gonna order out. So I needed to break all of those happens and it probably was going to take something drastic. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's kind of what we went through, we didn't really do the delivery, but we'd go into the restaurant and then instead
SPEAKER_L: Maybe.
SPEAKER_R: of paying the driver the tip, you still had to tip the waitress or the waiter. So it's, it's the same thing we were spending $70 a day on going to a steakhouse or something and
SPEAKER_L: Then the drinks and yeah it's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: up.
SPEAKER_R: you don't even think about it when you go out, but if you go to the store and there's like a $25 pack of stakes, you're like, well by, that is a special meal. But if you put in a restaurant you're like, yeah, whatever. So it, it helps.
SPEAKER_L: And you'll buy that one steak for $35 and not even give it a thought and and it's yeah, it really is a change of mindset from Can I have 40 versus do I have it? And that was the big, the big difference for me is I really didn't think in terms of cannot afford it. It was like, do I have it? They have the money for it. And then I think about like what is the long term hearing all this behind? You know, what are the long term consequences of me just storing caution to the wind. And I kind of leave room for me to like go crazy and these types of things at, you know, they make that possible adam to just like have a bad day. Like we were just doing our morning work and there was a chick fil a commercial with the back and my son is a mac and cheese fanatic. And so we're looking at it and I'm like well tomorrow we should go to Chick Fil a and
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: I can cheat, whereas before we'd be like, oh, that looks just like the mac and cheese at the cheesecake factory, we should go. So it changes things. Yeah, this is such a weird time. And and here I'm so like with the numbers, I need to stop looking at the numbers because it's it's scaring the crap out of me. And it's like, I know where I'm at, people, people still wear masks, but there's also like a thing of like, because no one's really talking about it, you know, there's no news conferences, there's not a lot of news about it. I see where people are kind of acting like it's gone away and that's very scary. So I rarely only go out to get to take my mom because my mom lives with me um and take her to the doctor or to like get groceries. Um but that's it because I think that people are so um they kind of let their guards down and now we're seeing the numbers go up and I know that like nothing's gonna go back, we're not in florida, we're not gonna regress, it goes back down that governor do not care. He is like open this money, a
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: aware of money.
SPEAKER_R: and we have a lot of snowbirds in our area, so people are still traveling and that's just gonna bring everything down and make it worse here.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. So it's we were just looking at, I got an email from carnival and I was like um you're offering the drink package for freedom, like why are you doing this?
SPEAKER_R: That the drink packages what killed us on our cruise because I mean it was worth it. But just four day cruise. 50 something dollars a day.
SPEAKER_L: and they got to drink, you know, you you got to drink up to make it worth it. I usually, I haven't gotten it because I'm probably when I go in through this I will take my laptop so I'm gonna do some work and it's usually me and my son and my mother, so I may drink one or 2, maybe three in a whole day, so it wasn't and then my mom doesn't drink alcohol Well and my son is only 16 so I would have to pay for the drink package for my mom and it's not that many milkshakes and specialty coffee in the world to make it worth while and
SPEAKER_R: I agree.
SPEAKER_L: but they're offering it free If you book by December 13. Mm
SPEAKER_R: That wouldn't be a bad idea to look at way later dates then, but
SPEAKER_L: And it was just like, it just took me right back there, Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: because we were supposed to go, my son turned 16 in June well we were supposed to go for his birthday trip on and of course they got canceled. So, and then my mom turned 80 and last month in october and she was, we're gonna go um on the mighty because the Mardi gras was supposed to be in um places we're gonna go on the crossing for the Mardi gras in all of that forest guy knocked out. Which it was good because I had um you know, I got the money back, but at the same time it's majorly sucked because I love to cruise. I love it. That was one of the things that brought me to florida. I can get to the cruise ship. I love to cruise. And it's like, it's sad because I can't even see, I can't imagine when I feel safe
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can't
SPEAKER_L: again,
SPEAKER_R: see that.
SPEAKER_L: it's like I can't picture it. And that makes me sad. We haven't with anything, I haven't stayed in a hotel at all since the pandemic again because you know, my mom is 80. So the stakes for my family are so much higher. He worked to get it. So I'm like everything I do is with that in mind. So like I don't go anywhere. I don't have to go. I'm scared to go and stay in a hotel. Like I'm I don't want to be in public Because I know that, you know, she has heart issues. She's 80. It's a good chance that it wouldn't be good for her. And I've lost people who were not, you know, her age, I've lost people to the virus. So it's like, I don't even know when I'm comfortable doing anything, even though stuff is open, People are have friends that are vacationing. I'm like, yeah, go but stay away from me. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. My entire, my boyfriend's entire family is going to hate me and I don't care at this point because his brother lives next door. They have five Children. His other brother has two Children and then he has one brother with three and his mother has cancer. They all want to come to this house for thanksgiving and it's not happening and I'll be the jerk that's fine. But no. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And the and the kids are in school, right?
SPEAKER_R: And the kids are in school and and all the two of those kids out of the 13 kids are under five years old and it's like, that's the germiest group and they're not going to be sick, but
SPEAKER_L: When
SPEAKER_R: they're going to make everybody else sick
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: the part, that's the part that, that is foremost in my mind about, you know, even if I get sick, I would probably be okay. But I don't want to give it, I don't want to take the chance for my son at all. I don't even want to entertain it or my mother, so I don't blame you. I don't
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: his mom, her last round of chemo was like a month and a half ago and she's like, oh no, I'd come. Why?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Read like,
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: would you do that?
SPEAKER_L: is wrong with your Children? To allow what? Well, that's like, you know, and and that's kind of what's frustrating about the way a lot of the leaders are approaching it. Like it it's no big deal and I think that people take on the attitude because they feel like to say if the president doesn't think it's a big deal, then it can't be. Yeah. And this is the mainstream media clouding your heads. But I know people ooh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do too.
SPEAKER_L: have passed. So I can't take anyone's word for against what I know and even if it is, even if it is for your monitoring whatever, then I'll be scared and alive.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Even if it's just okay. So I was home for nothing, that's fine too. I'm still, I'm okay.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Because I have friends that can't come home. I just lost a friend two weeks ago and she has a two year old daughter. Um she has she has three kids, she was like a 14 year old uh 11 year old and then the baby and she passed, she had lupus, she took all the precautions but you know, she had kids who were still going out to school, she had on her husband, what's going to the gym, I don't understand that, but
SPEAKER_R: Not only Uh
SPEAKER_L: he was going to the gym and she got it in four days from the time she was diagnosed, she was gone four days Younger than me, not even 40 yet.
SPEAKER_R: And it can hit the younger ones too because my my grandmother is 93 and she had it and she did get over it. But I have a friend who was younger than me, I think he was 26 and he was on a ventilator for months and that's he's okay now. But even then that's a bill. He'll have to figure out how to pay for and
SPEAKER_L: And then I have a friend who she was a correctional officer and she got it and she was sick and she she recovered, but like she still doesn't feel well, she still has like these things that are happening that we're not happening before, She still gets short of breath. She still, you know, has, you know her taste and smell comes and goes and you know, she's young, she's like 30 and it's so crazy because that's the other thing, we don't know the full extent of the damage.
SPEAKER_R: And it could be forever.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. We still don't know the full extent of the damage and so it's frustrating when people take it. So um I have a friend who she just had the baby, but she was pregnant and she was like, she went to Alabama before graduation and I'm like
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: and this
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: is like in May, what is wrong with you, why why do that, like why even take that chance? You know I'm not that's like the most thing I hear from you. I'm not gonna live my life in fear. Well living away from me because
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I agree.
SPEAKER_L: I don't at all like you have to you have to be smart for yourself. If other people want to take their chances then that's on them. But you got to do the right thing for yourself. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I completely agree.
SPEAKER_L: and like can you imagine how like nervous you'd be with all those people in your house? No.
SPEAKER_R: I would I would leave, but then I wouldn't want to come back
SPEAKER_L: He
SPEAKER_R: like I live here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that sounds like they don't have to burn the white house down because that place is like a successful they just keep people back and let them burn it down. But that's it right. Even if you laugh then when you come back you're like the only one touch anything. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I grabbed my dog real fast. He won't stop parking here is here. Mhm. Okay. Do not bark at them, but do not. Okay. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: The joy of pets. Come here, call down. It's all right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: I have no X.
SPEAKER_R: He was in there trying to get ahold of one of my guinea pigs. They're in cages, but he likes, hey, that's enough. All right. You know what? You can play. I'll take you outside. Go. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Let's
SPEAKER_L: It is
SPEAKER_R: see what that I guess it is told 41. So we, we've definitely gone over, but,
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: but it was just, we both got cut off.
SPEAKER_L: And there are net. Well
SPEAKER_R: but that was nice to talk to you,
SPEAKER_L: it was very nice talking nice meeting you
SPEAKER_R: so,
SPEAKER_L: and I hope everything goes well for you, for me for both of us. And I wanted to go check out that Lion bridge thing though. Is that so um and then it takes you to this place called Work market. And I saw a bunch of stuff too so it's definitely worth it. Even if just even if you just did the facebook thing that's like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And still be worth something.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that'd be you can get like and you can do it you you they want you to do it at least five days a week. But you can do it seven and that's like you know $60 $70 a week. It's adam be
SPEAKER_R: That sounds good,
SPEAKER_L: like that money. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Well, thank you for the tip.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it was nice meeting you and enjoy the rest more gray.
SPEAKER_R: awesome. You too. And stay safe. It's
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: to know some people in florida care
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: you don't see a lot.
SPEAKER_L: that and enjoy your holiday.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Thank you. You too.
SPEAKER_L: Okay bye bye.
SPEAKER_R: Bye.