he's not showing people how are you able to U. P.
Hello?
Let's see if I can get this work in. I think it's my webcam. That is strange. It's plugged in. It says it's on
uh No nothing's covering out. See.
Okay let's see. Let's go into settings here and see what it's telling me. It's really strange. Mhm. Uh huh.
Let's try
it.
I can cfs yeah.
Right.
Um I've done previous rounds of it but I haven't participated route.
right now it's 12.07. So for the next 25 minutes we can just talk about absolutely anything. Um and then after 25 minutes we disconnect and then they give
us like a short survey on how the conversation went and and things like that.
Right. Mhm.
Uh They're actually they're candles.
we did. We made on quarantine has been boring so we've been finding things to do. Mhm.
Nothing wrong with us.
Uh No I I raise animals so I've
got some of those but no Children yet,
So where do you what state do you live in?
Oh me too.
We're cape coral. So we're
over on the gulf side.
I'm actually from Virginia. So I grew
up in Virginia here.
Okay I was Harrisonburg, so we were about an hour from Charlottesville.
yeah we had a really bad winter in Virginia and I was going through a divorce and I decided I had some money in savings and I decided I'm just gonna quit my job, I'm gonna move to florida, I'll find a different job and I just left and yeah I I don't regret it.
Before this I was working as a home health nurse so I actually just completely quit. I've got some health problems and they lied to me and they put me with a covid patient
and they told me they told me she was negative. So I decided, yeah, I decided at that point I just I left and now I'm doing work from home so I'm doing a lot of this kind of thing to keep going for a while.
Yeah. That's how I was, I went
online to see what I could do and I thought maybe I'd have to work through like a call center or something and this
is
pretty good.
Um I have signed up for them but I've only ever done one thing for them. I don't really qualify for much. Um I'm not sure I do the prolific things. Um And then there's one called amazon mechanical turk And when you start out with it you might make like $2 a day and it seems really kind of pointless. But if you get qualifications, if if you look up like a demographic for
one of the searches or qualifier for one of the searches, It'll it'll put you in for things that actually give a decent pay scale. So you can go from making two bucks a day to maybe 20 and it's not everything, but it'll keep you going a little bit.
Yeah, I think that's why I kind of gave up on it because I just kept getting disqualified and I'm like, yeah, you know.
And
I may have I may have gotten lucky on the mechanical turk because I actually signed up for it in 2008 and then forgot about it completely. So I because I did it for about a year and then just stop because I wasn't making anything so maybe it's just how old my account is that kind of helps me.
that's not bad at all.
I do I like it it helps a lot but if I'm watching a movie in the evening and my boyfriend's like what's that noise? Like shut up inside.
Yeah I go through the same thing. See I I have my computer so like my I watched tv and stuff through the same computer that took up to a tv and yeah it's really distracting in the middle of the night when I forget and
it's
just
screaming.
Yeah, I've tried some surveys on that website called swag Books and it
says like a dollar for a 40 minute survey and you're desperate. So you take it and then an hour later you finished and it says, oh you were disqualified. It's like no, you took my information, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's it's crazy what we used to spend versus what we by now,
but
that's how it is here. And we would go out to eat twice a week, we go out to the bar every weekend and now we just, we eat at home every day, we stay home and it's amazing what money you say. Yeah,
I do. It's just a generic one though, I forget what it's called, but it just, it lets you manually do it and then
you
have to think about it too while you're putting it in.
You
have,
I'm a weirdo who likes to go grocery shopping because
I like
to, my boyfriend will only eat like the most bland food in the world, so I basically took two meals every night and
I love to go and uh oh there's a new spice and this is on sale and I'm weird, I like to get out, that's that's like the one thing I still leave the house to do.
It adds quick.
perhaps.
that's that's kind of what we went through, we didn't really do the delivery, but we'd go into the restaurant and then instead
of paying the driver the tip, you still had to tip the waitress or the waiter. So it's, it's the same thing we were spending $70 a day on going to a steakhouse or something and
And
you don't even think about it when you go out, but if you go to the store and there's like a $25 pack of stakes, you're like, well by, that is a special meal. But if you put in a restaurant you're like, yeah, whatever. So it, it helps.
man.
No,
and we have a lot of snowbirds in our area, so people are still traveling and that's just gonna bring everything down and make it worse here.
That the drink packages what killed us on our cruise because I mean it was worth it. But just four day cruise. 50 something dollars a day.
I agree.
That wouldn't be a bad idea to look at way later dates then, but
Yeah.
Yeah, I can't
see that.
Yeah. Yeah. My entire, my boyfriend's entire family is going to hate me and I don't care at this point because his brother lives next door. They have five Children. His other brother has two Children and then he has one brother with three and his mother has cancer. They all want to come to this house for thanksgiving and it's not happening and I'll be the jerk that's fine. But no. Yeah.
And the kids are in school and and all the two of those kids out of the 13 kids are under five years old and it's like, that's the germiest group and they're not going to be sick, but
they're going to make everybody else sick
and
And
his mom, her last round of chemo was like a month and a half ago and she's like, oh no, I'd come. Why?
Why
would you do that?
Yeah, I do too.
Yeah. Even if it's just okay. So I was home for nothing, that's fine too. I'm still, I'm okay.
Not only Uh
And it can hit the younger ones too because my my grandmother is 93 and she had it and she did get over it. But I have a friend who was younger than me, I think he was 26 and he was on a ventilator for months and that's he's okay now. But even then that's a bill. He'll have to figure out how to pay for and
And it could be forever.
Why?
What?
Yeah, I agree.
I completely agree.
I would I would leave, but then I wouldn't want to come back
like I live here. Yeah.
I grabbed my dog real fast. He won't stop parking here is here. Mhm. Okay. Do not bark at them, but do not. Okay. Mm.
The joy of pets. Come here, call down. It's all right.
Mm hmm.
He was in there trying to get ahold of one of my guinea pigs. They're in cages, but he likes, hey, that's enough. All right. You know what? You can play. I'll take you outside. Go. Oh,
Let's
see what that I guess it is told 41. So we, we've definitely gone over, but,
but it was just, we both got cut off.
but that was nice to talk to you,
so,
Yeah. And still be worth something.
That sounds good,
Well, thank you for the tip.
awesome. You too. And stay safe. It's
going
to know some people in florida care
because
you don't see a lot.
All right. Thank you. You too.
Bye.