SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello? How are you?
SPEAKER_R: good. Thank you today.
SPEAKER_L: Um do good? Um I'll I'm gonna start a time or just to make sure that we hit like the 25 minutes. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: second. Sorry. I literally thought this was tomorrow and then I
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: I almost slept right through it. I just, my cat just gave birth to so many kittens the other day. Actually.
SPEAKER_L: my gosh,
SPEAKER_R: I'm just in a kitten. I'm drowning in kittens over here.
SPEAKER_L: how many kittens? Uh does she does she have
SPEAKER_R: Sex
SPEAKER_L: six?
SPEAKER_R: sit.
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's really funny. You know, like uh the corn team was going on, I mean it's still going on, but like, you know, we needed something to focus on and then there was just this crying on our front door. I just opened the door just just like six month old kitten. And I was just like, it just ran in and just was like, I live here now. All right, that's nice. I'll be nice distracting thing during the quarantine or whatever. And then, and I thought it was a boy, I was so sure it was a boy who was super friendly and female cats are sort of skittish. And then it just kept getting bigger and I'm just like, man, we're really doing a good job. They can get the streak. It's been a while wait, I can't wait really fast.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like gee I wonder why.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I just laid down and made so many cats. Okay, well,
SPEAKER_L: It's kind
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: of funny
SPEAKER_R: gonna be
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: distracted.
SPEAKER_L: like yeah like I actually got a cat um during quarantine as well because I was like you know nothing to do. My soul get a pet. And uh I adopted a female cat as well. Her name is hazel but she's like 10 years old and she's like spade and stuff so she doesn't have, You know any chance of getting babies. But man, one cat now it's six or 7.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my name one, like, you know, I imagine you probably had a similar experience that I don't know where it's just like, like everything is still going on and it's still crazy and it's still hard to deal with, but like, I can just focus on that and as long as I will be something that and I feel like everything else is just sort of okay. I mean this is more of a panicky situation because it was like newborn kittens and I'm trying to figure out all this stuff, but it's good. I like it, I like having little wives that depend on me. It's a new experience. I am
SPEAKER_L: I thought.
SPEAKER_R: so dreading it though because I've never like I've had cats before, but I've never gone through this. So like, you know, in a couple months, I mean, I can't have six cats, like no one can. I mean that's too many cats for anyone,
SPEAKER_L: No, it is way too many.
SPEAKER_R: you know? So I've got to like, everybody keeps telling me like, you know, once, once they're like weaned and a little older, like she'll kind of lose interest in them and it'll be fine and then you can get them new homes and stuff. It's like I mean if you say so, I hope so. I just I've never had to rip babies away from a mother before and I'm super concerned about it. I don't really know how to emotionally prepare for that, but maybe I'm over thinking of Right,
SPEAKER_L: It's still like that's just a lot like I don't have no experience with like kittens whatsoever so I've got no clue. But hopefully she's a good mom so there
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: hopefully they're fine.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, apparently it's a thing where like if a if a kitten has kittens then then they're like real flighty like cats are sort of like that anyway where every little thing that happens like the they're attuned to it, but like this like it's so funny. Like I I promise I was just talking about my cat the whole time. But funny to me, she makes noises that sound just like a single mom. Like she's
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: makes
SPEAKER_L: gosh,
SPEAKER_R: annoying noises like all the time. Every time, like you'll hear like cats crying in the box in the other room, like way away and the catch is that uh Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: It's so
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: funny. The most endearing little noises. The little bags under her eyes, Like a waitress at waffle house. It's so cute. This
SPEAKER_L: Yeah she's
SPEAKER_R: killer.
SPEAKER_L: really living it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's really funny. So you in texas is uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm in texas.
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: Are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Georgia.
SPEAKER_L: Georgia? Okay. I'm guessing you guys because my Texans poster Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's been a long time in texas. I like texas alone. We
SPEAKER_L: I've actually
SPEAKER_R: are both.
SPEAKER_L: never been to Georgia but I have friends that have visited um Atlanta I think like isn't there like a coca cola museum or something?
SPEAKER_R: there is yeah. We are the home of coca cola coca cola is just branded on everything in my city. Yeah Atlanta, that's where we are.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: You know we are we are both at the epicenter of different outbreaks.
SPEAKER_L: I guess so. How's
SPEAKER_R: Group.
SPEAKER_L: it, how's it going in Georgia like is it is it really bad or mm
SPEAKER_R: It's I mean it's really bad but I don't know like in the last week I've had to go out three times to a doctor's appointment and grocery and on some errands and this is the first time where people were wearing masks like wearing masks to where I wasn't just looking around like oh my God no one's wearing masks but me like because that's been months just mothers and and it's not just you know like they're not wearing masks because they're just not really worried about it. Like they have a look in their eyes, like they're not wearing masks because they want to fight with you about it and like, nah, I don't I'm not gonna do that, but It's yeah, it's alarming. I think this cat, like I'm almost 100% certain that this cat was a neighbor of mine who died of coronavirus.
SPEAKER_L: Oh shit, that's that's terrible.
SPEAKER_R: It was super healthy and you know, it's just going from door to door, like crying as though it got let out of an apartment that never let back in and then just started wandering from door to door. Yeah. An
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: age
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: of badness
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty
SPEAKER_R: women.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty bad here in texas. Like I don't know, people like before we had like a mandate
SPEAKER_R: If you would like.
SPEAKER_L: for everyone has to wear masks, like no one wore masks going
SPEAKER_R: First.
SPEAKER_L: to like KGB or any grocery store. Everyone just kind of walked
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: around like without wearing one and they kind of gave me weird looks seeing that I'm wearing one and I'm like, well guys like this is a pretty serious deal,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: it's not that hard wearing a mask, like just put one on and you can save someone's life from doing that.
SPEAKER_R: I know. It just, I mean, I thought, yeah, I just thought that there was like if there was any limit to like the things that americans would politicize it would be like keeping you and your family safe. Like if there's any line of things that people can't be like confused about the point where they're like, I don't need to keep my family safe. Like I thought that was the line that's not the line, there is no line next. If you don't even care about protecting your elderly parents or your Children, then
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: know it's
SPEAKER_R: worried
SPEAKER_L: our addict.
SPEAKER_R: about where we're going because I don't that's not good
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: month.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty concerning how like, I don't know, some people like, like corona shouldn't be politicized because it's it's not about politics, it's about life or death. And like I worked at a daycare for this summer and like it's kind of alarming how many parents still send their kids to like childcare centers. And I understand like, you know, some parents have work and they can't, you know, take care of the child at home, but a lot of the parents uh like drop off their kids, they're just because they want their kids to have like social interaction and stuff and I'm like I don't think this is a good best choice because like there's been multiple coworkers of mine who ended up getting corona and like I myself got tested but I tested negative thankfully. But like it's it's alarming because like they don't require the kids to wear
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: masks
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: at the school and stuff. And like these are kids from like toddlers to like up until like elementary school and they like put their mouths on everything. Kids like put the same toys like everywhere and everyone's touching everything. It's just you can't
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: you can't social distance with the daycare and I don't know, I guess like daycares and stuff advocate or they advertise that they do do social distancing, but it's just it's just
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: all eyes like you can social distance in the daycare.
SPEAKER_R: I just don't think anybody, I think everybody's just deliberately pretending that they don't know how kids are because I think they're tired of being around their kids. I think people have been trapped inside their kids so long that they're just like let's just sit back and see what happens, which is really crazy. But I'm pretty sure that's what's happening. It's it's it's too crazy because I mean like I don't have kids, Everyone I know who has kids, they get pinkeye once, twice a year, at least probably more every teacher that I know gets pinkeye constantly, like bacterial infections, weird infections, things that they don't even know what they are, where they just get sick for two months, two years ago and then have some ongoing thing that never stops. It's just like you guys know what kids are like they just did that in Georgia. I was reading about that this morning that they opened up a summer camp And all these people were just like take my kids, take them, you know, five day summer camp, just like a quick little thing and 75% of the kids got coronavirus. And the only reason it out low is because that's just the number that he tested,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: 79%
SPEAKER_L: pretty bad. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: that they tested were all positive and now they all went home. It's just like, man, I
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: feel like we all knew that was gonna happen right? Right? So frustrating. But I mean I get
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: frustrating.
SPEAKER_R: If I was locked in this part with Children I probably want to go to but I still wanted to be safe. It's so crazy. We just live in this craziest time. I like I keep trying to wrap my mind around the fact that I guess we're not doing it right now. But like literally at least a month ago, the plans for the whole country was just maybe it's cool like it's just getting worse and worse and they're like, but maybe it's not and that was like the literal plan. Like that's actually what our government was doing was just being like positive thoughts. Like let's just let's just think positive thing. That's like that's so crazy. I'm like, never heard of a government like government plans are usually real dry. Like really like there's a ton of voices in it, so it's just really bare bones. Every essential thing you need in the plan. We're just in that like going into space our mind, like that's it's too crazy. I just
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: being
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: manipulated
SPEAKER_L: it's still prison.
SPEAKER_R: by people. I do not believe that we came around to this madness about masks and people ranting about if you wear a mask, you're going to hell and all these bizarre things like, I don't think you came up with that on your own. That's a real specific and crazy thing. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: don't know anymore. Like it's it's kind of, I don't know that it's not a matter of stupidity that I see like it's really frustrating
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and I don't think the situation is going to get better anytime soon. Like maybe if we come up with like a vaccine or something in time. But like right now it just seems like we're slapping a Band aid. But like that band aid is falling off. Like it's not
SPEAKER_R: Apparently
SPEAKER_L: doing anything.
SPEAKER_R: I have this terrible feeling that even if we do make a vaccine, I don't know that. I mean I'm going to take it of course I'll take it in a second to go back to some semblance of a normal life. But I have a feeling good. Maybe 25, of this country is gonna be like, I'm not taking your mind control chemicals
SPEAKER_L: I wish to. Yeah. I wouldn't doubt that.
SPEAKER_R: one More on Man.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Like I just I just want things to go back to normal. Like I'm in college right now and I feel like, you know, part of the college experience is like going to school and meeting people like interacting on campus and stuff and I'm not complaining.
SPEAKER_R: There are people.
SPEAKER_L: You know? Like I get that like, you know, for safety and like for the health of others, it's best to like do things as like, you know, social distance or like online as much as possible, but like it's just kind of frustrating how all of this happened and no one's like really do anything to help the situation get better. Like it just seems like it's like a snowball is just like building up, building up, building up eventually to the point where like you just can't do anything about it anymore. And I don't know like I I feel like if we had there, if the government had taken some sort of action like earlier, we wouldn't be in this mess. Like that quarantine was way too, that quarantine quote unquote, like it's just way too sure. It was like, oh it's things are kind of getting better okay, I guess we can reopen like why not just wait until it's like really, really okay, and then you let things like open up again I guess, and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: open up with like precautions as well, like they didn't even enforce mess at first, at least here in texas. And then now that like cases here are so bad, like you know where the new hotspots like oh actually uh we're making everyone wear masks now, like I shouldn't have to get to that point.
SPEAKER_R: Well I keep trying to remind people like about texas specifically that it's like like if like people in my state, if they've never been to texas, I'm just like you just don't understand how big it is. Like for texas to have like a big outbreak where they're saying like you know I see user capacity and the other states and ordering texas excuse your capacity like texas is the size of europe, like texas is the biggest thing in the world. You know when you drive from Georgia to California, you just you're just going through states, you know you pass your Mississippi in like six hours, you know you pass through Alabama and like seven you're just passing through States and then you get to texas and you're there for a week, you're just you're just driving first, the biggest place imaginable, so you know that's overwhelmed and everywhere is going to be overwhelmed, you have to actually shut down. Its so baffling to me that other countries, you know they're opening up because clearly they actually shut down. Actually took the time the cases felt too low enough that they can contact trace now they open up and in this country were like see their opening up so we can't do it. It's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I don't look at the fine
SPEAKER_R: this developed?
SPEAKER_L: print.
SPEAKER_R: It's like I don't I don't I mean I knew that people were like had a trouble like with logical reasoning and like following logical .2 logical point and that was sort of a problem in general that we were having. I had no idea is that you know how viruses work works? Like the flu, it's not the flu but it works sort of like the flu. Like if you understand the flu, somebody sneezes, everybody gets infected on the place they infect other people. It's not complicated. How did we get to a place where we all forgot how things work?
SPEAKER_L: I know, it's
SPEAKER_R: It's making
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: it's just so frustrating like at this point I'm just kind of like just where is this going to go? Like I don't,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: don't know
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: like I at least with how America is working right now, I don't think anything is going to get better really. Unless like we take some sort of drastic action. Like make everyone take vaccines or like do a second quarantine though. I don't want that to happen. But like what options do we have? Like this open a isn't helping like it's still getting worse. Like
SPEAKER_R: nope.
SPEAKER_L: people are still getting sick and people are still dying like I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: was horrible feeling a while ago that there was just going to be that America is just in a place where only huge death accounts would be the thing like that. The people will just continue to find ways to so much of our, of our politics in America have just become this big debate club, like people don't, don't even think about the real world implications, which is the whole point of politics and it's just like you're just trying to win an argument with a bunch of semantic tricks like you would use in a high school debate club, like not even complicated tricks, just, you know what about
SPEAKER_L: Isn't it?
SPEAKER_R: changing subjects and confusing, confounding people with off topic things. It's just like who cares if you win the debate, if we all die of the plague, like it's the best. It's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: completely
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: maddening
SPEAKER_L: stupid.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I'm super
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: curious about what's going to happen to everybody to because it's not actually all that good for you to be alone and it's certainly probably not a good thing to keep all the kids home from school for a year and isolated from their friends. I mean, I don't know what that does. Is it going to breed a whole generation of kids that are like gora phobic german folks? Probably, maybe, I don't know, it's, I don't know. Who knows
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: feel like at any point like I don't think that like anything else matters more than like human life itself. Like it's more
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: important protecting the lives of others than like, I don't know say being able to go back to school like normally like yeah, you're missing out on a lot and like yeah, I'm pretty sure there's like consequences from that like, but at the same time those things can possibly be fixed while if someone dies, you can't bring someone back like we're gone.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, no, no, totally. I'm definitely on the side of keeping kids and keeping kids home and dealing with the plague. I'm just kind of curious in the like long term because I keep trying to think about like if I was, if I was a kid or if I was like a teenager, like if I was going through puberty or if I was just a child with like a child's imagination in mind and in these situations, I just can't really imagine it. It just, it just seems very crazy. Like they, especially for kids that don't really understand 100%. You're trying to explain like viral outbreaks and infection and cleanliness and like they can't see their friends and you're trying to get him to understand maybe like, you know, maybe the grandparents died, you know, death and you're planning this heavy stuff. I'm like a five year old. It's just, I just want to go outside. I imagine them in the future just being like, I'm never going outside, but I don't know. Yeah, I I don't think it's ever going to get back to normal for anyone in my industry because I do stand up comedy, which is like exclusively an event that it cutters in bars like crowd bars of drunk people and never gathered people together again. Not to mention every comedy club in the United States was like run by con artists and we're like a month away from bankruptcy in the first place. Like errol come on like this is the thing that only comics realizes about now, but like in like whenever all this is over, there will be no comedy clubs, just none, they're all going to be on. It's just like, well, what do you guys want to do now? Makes movies or something? Maybe redirect our energies I guess. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So what are you doing now about like, you know, you can't really do anything like related to that.
SPEAKER_R: Everybody's trying. Everybody started a podcast. I think like the first week of lockdowns, We're only like two million American amateur stand up comedians started podcast. They're all trying to figure out ways to record their stand up like to a webcam and put it on without it making students super awkward. Which is which is sort of funny to watch because I keep saying it over and over with people upload, like wrote some new material, check it out and you'll watch it and it's just it's just your friend in a room with like a hairbrush and and like they're pausing for laughter from people that don't exist, they're like looking left to right as though there's an audience that they're looking at and I'm like, what do you think? I'm like, I thought it was really awkward, I think you need to change it somehow. I don't I don't really know to tell you what comedy is all about live audiences, so I'm working on script and you know, at least that's something tangible that I can work on and at the end of it I'll have it and maybe I could sell it. We'll see. You know, it's something to do anyway. He's
SPEAKER_L: than nothing like it's just kind of like sad to see how many like local establishments are going like I go to school in Austin. So I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: noticed like a lot of the bars and the music scene is kind of like Saranda closed down and it's just sad to see like local businesses go and like seeing the corporations that are like still there because you know like, like these local businesses depend on like people and like especially I don't know if you know what south by southwest is, but like that's like a huge like money bring her to the city and we didn't have that this year. So a lot of like businesses are suffering and like it's just it's just sucking how this whole thing just had to happen.
SPEAKER_R: it's awful southwest southwest specifically that just screwed everybody up. That's so important for your city. I've been to Austin, so I love Austin. Austin is a great town. I put southwest, so important to you guys. So important, the musicians that come to it and vastly important. The comedians that come to it. And the filmmakers that come to the film festival, it's like a natural step for all those things that new musicians have to do south by southwest or they can't progress the music business, something, filmmakers, comics, just this huge important thing and we just just wasn't one. So like all these bands that might have been famous next year, might never have a career now because that one step wasn't there at the one exact time. And it's all, you know, guesswork and you know, things may work out or may not and you know, if they don't work out at one time, that's yeah, I was actually thinking about Austin when I was hearing about a bunch of foreclosures in texas and I don't have the noodle huts still there. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: he's like this place,
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: Guadalupe
SPEAKER_L: there before.
SPEAKER_R: that used to give us free noodles. Um
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: so good. I had such good times in Austin, but it was such a strange place. It's one of the strangest towns ever. We
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: bought
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: tacos. I used to buy tacos down on Guadeloupe by where that little open air art market is like, right, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah, I know where that is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: there's like a taco stand that most delicious tacos for like a dollar. I've lived on them for a summer. And then we're sitting there. This actually involves kittens too. But it's a little terrifying. But it's, I don't know anything necessarily for sure. But like she tried to buy, we had a bunch of kittens in a box and my friend was trying to give away And the lady came over and tried to offer us $10 for him and we were just like, Okay, I mean with you just, you just want cats. Like my friend put it in my head that she was going to make them into tacos and then, and then she got arrested for making tacos out of street meat. We didn't know
SPEAKER_L: shit.
SPEAKER_R: she didn't get it because we should give us a real weird vibes, weird look in her eye. And she actually arrested for doing that. I shoot what's going to eat the kittens? She was
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: going to feed
SPEAKER_L: so crazy.
SPEAKER_R: the kitten. What were we eating kittens?
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: I've been
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: terrifying.
SPEAKER_R: trade by that for like 10 years. I was like, I hope I didn't need kitties. They were good tacos. I'm not gonna lie. They were really good.
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: the thought of like eating cats is Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: now. It's terrible. I don't think I mean it couldn't have been because surely I would be able to be like, there's something weird about these tacos, not these tacos.
SPEAKER_L: Like, you know, I don't think, I don't think cat tastes exactly like beef, pork or chicken like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: they're not
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: serious.
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: Something
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: weird about it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So bizarre. Yeah, I had a lot of fun in that city.
SPEAKER_L: So like when was the last time you went to Austin?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm I think it was, It was like 2000 seven,
SPEAKER_L: It's been a while.
SPEAKER_R: I think I don't know. I remember there was still at least one of those arcades downtown. I don't know if that's still there. However
SPEAKER_L: What's it called?
SPEAKER_R: mm it's on Guadeloupe.
SPEAKER_L: Is it like RK Ufo or something like that?
SPEAKER_R: So I think so. Something like that.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: close
SPEAKER_R: thought
SPEAKER_L: to campus. I've gone there a few times but yeah they're still up and running as far as I know.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome. It's just so quick. I mean it's just it's not like a it's not like a necessary thing or a thing that like, you know, in any city even has anymore, it's there's something very comforting about like people hanging out at an arcade. It's like that's so cool. You've got this little corner of the 90s that still exists. It's like you have a working blockbuster video or something. I love it.
SPEAKER_L: sorry at the time yeah well
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: it was nice talking to you. Um I hope that things go well for you and um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too. Good luck with your cat.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Good luck with your cats
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. I'm trying to find him some nice homes. Mm
SPEAKER_L: All right bye.