Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello? How are you?
Um do good? Um I'll I'm gonna start a time or just to make sure that we hit like the 25 minutes. Okay.
good.
my gosh,
how many kittens? Uh does she does she have
six?
Whoa.
Yeah,
like gee I wonder why.
It's kind
of funny
because
like yeah like I actually got a cat um during quarantine as well because I was like you know nothing to do. My soul get a pet. And uh I adopted a female cat as well. Her name is hazel but she's like 10 years old and she's like spade and stuff so she doesn't have, You know any chance of getting babies. But man, one cat now it's six or 7.
I thought.
No, it is way too many.
It's still like that's just a lot like I don't have no experience with like kittens whatsoever so I've got no clue. But hopefully she's a good mom so there
hopefully they're fine.
my
gosh,
that's
funny.
Yeah she's
really living it.
Yeah, I'm in texas.
Are you
Georgia? Okay. I'm guessing you guys because my Texans poster Yeah,
I've actually
never been to Georgia but I have friends that have visited um Atlanta I think like isn't there like a coca cola museum or something?
Yeah, that's nice.
I guess so. How's
it, how's it going in Georgia like is it is it really bad or mm
Oh shit, that's that's terrible.
like
and
it's pretty
it's pretty bad here in texas. Like I don't know, people like before we had like a mandate
for everyone has to wear masks, like no one wore masks going
to like KGB or any grocery store. Everyone just kind of walked
around like without wearing one and they kind of gave me weird looks seeing that I'm wearing one and I'm like, well guys like this is a pretty serious deal,
like
it's not that hard wearing a mask, like just put one on and you can save someone's life from doing that.
I
know it's
our addict.
like
it's pretty concerning how like, I don't know, some people like, like corona shouldn't be politicized because it's it's not about politics, it's about life or death. And like I worked at a daycare for this summer and like it's kind of alarming how many parents still send their kids to like childcare centers. And I understand like, you know, some parents have work and they can't, you know, take care of the child at home, but a lot of the parents uh like drop off their kids, they're just because they want their kids to have like social interaction and stuff and I'm like I don't think this is a good best choice because like there's been multiple coworkers of mine who ended up getting corona and like I myself got tested but I tested negative thankfully. But like it's it's alarming because like they don't require the kids to wear
masks
at the school and stuff. And like these are kids from like toddlers to like up until like elementary school and they like put their mouths on everything. Kids like put the same toys like everywhere and everyone's touching everything. It's just you can't
you can't social distance with the daycare and I don't know, I guess like daycares and stuff advocate or they advertise that they do do social distancing, but it's just it's just
all eyes like you can social distance in the daycare.
That's
pretty bad. Oh my God.
Hey.
Yeah. That's
frustrating.
It
was
just
it's still prison.
don't know anymore. Like it's it's kind of, I don't know that it's not a matter of stupidity that I see like it's really frustrating
and I don't think the situation is going to get better anytime soon. Like maybe if we come up with like a vaccine or something in time. But like right now it just seems like we're slapping a Band aid. But like that band aid is falling off. Like it's not
doing anything.
I wish to. Yeah. I wouldn't doubt that.
I don't know. Like I just I just want things to go back to normal. Like I'm in college right now and I feel like, you know, part of the college experience is like going to school and meeting people like interacting on campus and stuff and I'm not complaining.
You know? Like I get that like, you know, for safety and like for the health of others, it's best to like do things as like, you know, social distance or like online as much as possible, but like it's just kind of frustrating how all of this happened and no one's like really do anything to help the situation get better. Like it just seems like it's like a snowball is just like building up, building up, building up eventually to the point where like you just can't do anything about it anymore. And I don't know like I I feel like if we had there, if the government had taken some sort of action like earlier, we wouldn't be in this mess. Like that quarantine was way too, that quarantine quote unquote, like it's just way too sure. It was like, oh it's things are kind of getting better okay, I guess we can reopen like why not just wait until it's like really, really okay, and then you let things like open up again I guess, and
like
open up with like precautions as well, like they didn't even enforce mess at first, at least here in texas. And then now that like cases here are so bad, like you know where the new hotspots like oh actually uh we're making everyone wear masks now, like I shouldn't have to get to that point.
I
know,
like
I don't look at the fine
print.
I know, it's
just
it's just so frustrating like at this point I'm just kind of like just where is this going to go? Like I don't,
I
don't know
like I at least with how America is working right now, I don't think anything is going to get better really. Unless like we take some sort of drastic action. Like make everyone take vaccines or like do a second quarantine though. I don't want that to happen. But like what options do we have? Like this open a isn't helping like it's still getting worse. Like
people are still getting sick and people are still dying like I
don't know.
Isn't it?
It's
so
stupid.
I
don't know.
I don't know. I
feel like at any point like I don't think that like anything else matters more than like human life itself. Like it's more
important protecting the lives of others than like, I don't know say being able to go back to school like normally like yeah, you're missing out on a lot and like yeah, I'm pretty sure there's like consequences from that like, but at the same time those things can possibly be fixed while if someone dies, you can't bring someone back like we're gone.
So what are you doing now about like, you know, you can't really do anything like related to that.
than nothing like it's just kind of like sad to see how many like local establishments are going like I go to school in Austin. So I
noticed like a lot of the bars and the music scene is kind of like Saranda closed down and it's just sad to see like local businesses go and like seeing the corporations that are like still there because you know like, like these local businesses depend on like people and like especially I don't know if you know what south by southwest is, but like that's like a huge like money bring her to the city and we didn't have that this year. So a lot of like businesses are suffering and like it's just it's just sucking how this whole thing just had to happen.
Not
thing
there before.
that's awesome.
It
is
yeah. Yeah, I know where that is. Yeah.
shit.
That's
so crazy.
Oh my gosh.
That's
terrifying.
Just
the thought of like eating cats is Oh my God.
Like, you know, I don't think, I don't think cat tastes exactly like beef, pork or chicken like
they're not
serious.
Something
weird about it. Mhm.
So like when was the last time you went to Austin?
It's been a while.
What's it called?
Is it like RK Ufo or something like that?
it's pretty
close
to campus. I've gone there a few times but yeah they're still up and running as far as I know.
sorry at the time yeah well
it was nice talking to you. Um I hope that things go well for you and um
thank you. Good luck with your cats
All right bye.