Hello.
good. Thank you today.
second. Sorry. I literally thought this was tomorrow and then I
I almost slept right through it. I just, my cat just gave birth to so many kittens the other day. Actually.
I'm just in a kitten. I'm drowning in kittens over here.
Sex
sit.
Yeah, it's really funny. You know, like uh the corn team was going on, I mean it's still going on, but like, you know, we needed something to focus on and then there was just this crying on our front door. I just opened the door just just like six month old kitten. And I was just like, it just ran in and just was like, I live here now. All right, that's nice. I'll be nice distracting thing during the quarantine or whatever. And then, and I thought it was a boy, I was so sure it was a boy who was super friendly and female cats are sort of skittish. And then it just kept getting bigger and I'm just like, man, we're really doing a good job. They can get the streak. It's been a while wait, I can't wait really fast.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just laid down and made so many cats. Okay, well,
that's
gonna be
distracted.
Yeah, my name one, like, you know, I imagine you probably had a similar experience that I don't know where it's just like, like everything is still going on and it's still crazy and it's still hard to deal with, but like, I can just focus on that and as long as I will be something that and I feel like everything else is just sort of okay. I mean this is more of a panicky situation because it was like newborn kittens and I'm trying to figure out all this stuff, but it's good. I like it, I like having little wives that depend on me. It's a new experience. I am
so dreading it though because I've never like I've had cats before, but I've never gone through this. So like, you know, in a couple months, I mean, I can't have six cats, like no one can. I mean that's too many cats for anyone,
you know? So I've got to like, everybody keeps telling me like, you know, once, once they're like weaned and a little older, like she'll kind of lose interest in them and it'll be fine and then you can get them new homes and stuff. It's like I mean if you say so, I hope so. I just I've never had to rip babies away from a mother before and I'm super concerned about it. I don't really know how to emotionally prepare for that, but maybe I'm over thinking of Right,
They
yeah, apparently it's a thing where like if a if a kitten has kittens then then they're like real flighty like cats are sort of like that anyway where every little thing that happens like the they're attuned to it, but like this like it's so funny. Like I I promise I was just talking about my cat the whole time. But funny to me, she makes noises that sound just like a single mom. Like she's
makes
annoying noises like all the time. Every time, like you'll hear like cats crying in the box in the other room, like way away and the catch is that uh Mhm.
It's so
funny. The most endearing little noises. The little bags under her eyes, Like a waitress at waffle house. It's so cute. This
killer.
Yeah, it's really funny. So you in texas is uh
just
I'm in Georgia.
it's been a long time in texas. I like texas alone. We
are both.
there is yeah. We are the home of coca cola coca cola is just branded on everything in my city. Yeah Atlanta, that's where we are.
You know we are we are both at the epicenter of different outbreaks.
Group.
It's I mean it's really bad but I don't know like in the last week I've had to go out three times to a doctor's appointment and grocery and on some errands and this is the first time where people were wearing masks like wearing masks to where I wasn't just looking around like oh my God no one's wearing masks but me like because that's been months just mothers and and it's not just you know like they're not wearing masks because they're just not really worried about it. Like they have a look in their eyes, like they're not wearing masks because they want to fight with you about it and like, nah, I don't I'm not gonna do that, but It's yeah, it's alarming. I think this cat, like I'm almost 100% certain that this cat was a neighbor of mine who died of coronavirus.
It was super healthy and you know, it's just going from door to door, like crying as though it got let out of an apartment that never let back in and then just started wandering from door to door. Yeah. An
age
of badness
women.
If you would like.
First.
True.
What?
No,
I know. It just, I mean, I thought, yeah, I just thought that there was like if there was any limit to like the things that americans would politicize it would be like keeping you and your family safe. Like if there's any line of things that people can't be like confused about the point where they're like, I don't need to keep my family safe. Like I thought that was the line that's not the line, there is no line next. If you don't even care about protecting your elderly parents or your Children, then
I'm
worried
about where we're going because I don't that's not good
month.
I
don't know.
I know.
I mean,
I just don't think anybody, I think everybody's just deliberately pretending that they don't know how kids are because I think they're tired of being around their kids. I think people have been trapped inside their kids so long that they're just like let's just sit back and see what happens, which is really crazy. But I'm pretty sure that's what's happening. It's it's it's too crazy because I mean like I don't have kids, Everyone I know who has kids, they get pinkeye once, twice a year, at least probably more every teacher that I know gets pinkeye constantly, like bacterial infections, weird infections, things that they don't even know what they are, where they just get sick for two months, two years ago and then have some ongoing thing that never stops. It's just like you guys know what kids are like they just did that in Georgia. I was reading about that this morning that they opened up a summer camp And all these people were just like take my kids, take them, you know, five day summer camp, just like a quick little thing and 75% of the kids got coronavirus. And the only reason it out low is because that's just the number that he tested,
79%
that they tested were all positive and now they all went home. It's just like, man, I
feel like we all knew that was gonna happen right? Right? So frustrating. But I mean I get
it.
If I was locked in this part with Children I probably want to go to but I still wanted to be safe. It's so crazy. We just live in this craziest time. I like I keep trying to wrap my mind around the fact that I guess we're not doing it right now. But like literally at least a month ago, the plans for the whole country was just maybe it's cool like it's just getting worse and worse and they're like, but maybe it's not and that was like the literal plan. Like that's actually what our government was doing was just being like positive thoughts. Like let's just let's just think positive thing. That's like that's so crazy. I'm like, never heard of a government like government plans are usually real dry. Like really like there's a ton of voices in it, so it's just really bare bones. Every essential thing you need in the plan. We're just in that like going into space our mind, like that's it's too crazy. I just
had
being
manipulated
by people. I do not believe that we came around to this madness about masks and people ranting about if you wear a mask, you're going to hell and all these bizarre things like, I don't think you came up with that on your own. That's a real specific and crazy thing. Mhm.
Mhm.
Apparently
I have this terrible feeling that even if we do make a vaccine, I don't know that. I mean I'm going to take it of course I'll take it in a second to go back to some semblance of a normal life. But I have a feeling good. Maybe 25, of this country is gonna be like, I'm not taking your mind control chemicals
one More on Man.
There are people.
I
know.
Well I keep trying to remind people like about texas specifically that it's like like if like people in my state, if they've never been to texas, I'm just like you just don't understand how big it is. Like for texas to have like a big outbreak where they're saying like you know I see user capacity and the other states and ordering texas excuse your capacity like texas is the size of europe, like texas is the biggest thing in the world. You know when you drive from Georgia to California, you just you're just going through states, you know you pass your Mississippi in like six hours, you know you pass through Alabama and like seven you're just passing through States and then you get to texas and you're there for a week, you're just you're just driving first, the biggest place imaginable, so you know that's overwhelmed and everywhere is going to be overwhelmed, you have to actually shut down. Its so baffling to me that other countries, you know they're opening up because clearly they actually shut down. Actually took the time the cases felt too low enough that they can contact trace now they open up and in this country were like see their opening up so we can't do it. It's
like
are
you
this developed?
It's like I don't I don't I mean I knew that people were like had a trouble like with logical reasoning and like following logical .2 logical point and that was sort of a problem in general that we were having. I had no idea is that you know how viruses work works? Like the flu, it's not the flu but it works sort of like the flu. Like if you understand the flu, somebody sneezes, everybody gets infected on the place they infect other people. It's not complicated. How did we get to a place where we all forgot how things work?
It's making
me
I
don't
know.
nope.
I
was horrible feeling a while ago that there was just going to be that America is just in a place where only huge death accounts would be the thing like that. The people will just continue to find ways to so much of our, of our politics in America have just become this big debate club, like people don't, don't even think about the real world implications, which is the whole point of politics and it's just like you're just trying to win an argument with a bunch of semantic tricks like you would use in a high school debate club, like not even complicated tricks, just, you know what about
changing subjects and confusing, confounding people with off topic things. It's just like who cares if you win the debate, if we all die of the plague, like it's the best. It's
completely
maddening
and
I'm super
curious about what's going to happen to everybody to because it's not actually all that good for you to be alone and it's certainly probably not a good thing to keep all the kids home from school for a year and isolated from their friends. I mean, I don't know what that does. Is it going to breed a whole generation of kids that are like gora phobic german folks? Probably, maybe, I don't know, it's, I don't know. Who knows
man.
No.
Oh yeah, no, no, totally. I'm definitely on the side of keeping kids and keeping kids home and dealing with the plague. I'm just kind of curious in the like long term because I keep trying to think about like if I was, if I was a kid or if I was like a teenager, like if I was going through puberty or if I was just a child with like a child's imagination in mind and in these situations, I just can't really imagine it. It just, it just seems very crazy. Like they, especially for kids that don't really understand 100%. You're trying to explain like viral outbreaks and infection and cleanliness and like they can't see their friends and you're trying to get him to understand maybe like, you know, maybe the grandparents died, you know, death and you're planning this heavy stuff. I'm like a five year old. It's just, I just want to go outside. I imagine them in the future just being like, I'm never going outside, but I don't know. Yeah, I I don't think it's ever going to get back to normal for anyone in my industry because I do stand up comedy, which is like exclusively an event that it cutters in bars like crowd bars of drunk people and never gathered people together again. Not to mention every comedy club in the United States was like run by con artists and we're like a month away from bankruptcy in the first place. Like errol come on like this is the thing that only comics realizes about now, but like in like whenever all this is over, there will be no comedy clubs, just none, they're all going to be on. It's just like, well, what do you guys want to do now? Makes movies or something? Maybe redirect our energies I guess. Yeah,
Everybody's trying. Everybody started a podcast. I think like the first week of lockdowns, We're only like two million American amateur stand up comedians started podcast. They're all trying to figure out ways to record their stand up like to a webcam and put it on without it making students super awkward. Which is which is sort of funny to watch because I keep saying it over and over with people upload, like wrote some new material, check it out and you'll watch it and it's just it's just your friend in a room with like a hairbrush and and like they're pausing for laughter from people that don't exist, they're like looking left to right as though there's an audience that they're looking at and I'm like, what do you think? I'm like, I thought it was really awkward, I think you need to change it somehow. I don't I don't really know to tell you what comedy is all about live audiences, so I'm working on script and you know, at least that's something tangible that I can work on and at the end of it I'll have it and maybe I could sell it. We'll see. You know, it's something to do anyway. He's
All
it's awful southwest southwest specifically that just screwed everybody up. That's so important for your city. I've been to Austin, so I love Austin. Austin is a great town. I put southwest, so important to you guys. So important, the musicians that come to it and vastly important. The comedians that come to it. And the filmmakers that come to the film festival, it's like a natural step for all those things that new musicians have to do south by southwest or they can't progress the music business, something, filmmakers, comics, just this huge important thing and we just just wasn't one. So like all these bands that might have been famous next year, might never have a career now because that one step wasn't there at the one exact time. And it's all, you know, guesswork and you know, things may work out or may not and you know, if they don't work out at one time, that's yeah, I was actually thinking about Austin when I was hearing about a bunch of foreclosures in texas and I don't have the noodle huts still there. Yeah,
he's like this place,
Guadalupe
that used to give us free noodles. Um
so good. I had such good times in Austin, but it was such a strange place. It's one of the strangest towns ever. We
bought
tacos. I used to buy tacos down on Guadeloupe by where that little open air art market is like, right, yeah,
there's like a taco stand that most delicious tacos for like a dollar. I've lived on them for a summer. And then we're sitting there. This actually involves kittens too. But it's a little terrifying. But it's, I don't know anything necessarily for sure. But like she tried to buy, we had a bunch of kittens in a box and my friend was trying to give away And the lady came over and tried to offer us $10 for him and we were just like, Okay, I mean with you just, you just want cats. Like my friend put it in my head that she was going to make them into tacos and then, and then she got arrested for making tacos out of street meat. We didn't know
she didn't get it because we should give us a real weird vibes, weird look in her eye. And she actually arrested for doing that. I shoot what's going to eat the kittens? She was
going to feed
the kitten. What were we eating kittens?
I've been
on
trade by that for like 10 years. I was like, I hope I didn't need kitties. They were good tacos. I'm not gonna lie. They were really good.
All
now. It's terrible. I don't think I mean it couldn't have been because surely I would be able to be like, there's something weird about these tacos, not these tacos.
I
wouldn't
think
so.
So bizarre. Yeah, I had a lot of fun in that city.
Mhm I think it was, It was like 2000 seven,
I think I don't know. I remember there was still at least one of those arcades downtown. I don't know if that's still there. However
mm it's on Guadeloupe.
So I think so. Something like that.
I
thought
that's awesome. It's just so quick. I mean it's just it's not like a it's not like a necessary thing or a thing that like, you know, in any city even has anymore, it's there's something very comforting about like people hanging out at an arcade. It's like that's so cool. You've got this little corner of the 90s that still exists. It's like you have a working blockbuster video or something. I love it.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. You too. Good luck with your cat.
Thank you. I'm trying to find him some nice homes. Mm