SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah Okay welcome back. Yeah what is it? That's all yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay yeah thank you. Right yeah. Mhm. Yeah yeah. Mhm. A lot of hard here's something mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Morning one time I have some time. Mhm. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: morning,
SPEAKER_L: morning
SPEAKER_R: I'm Cheryl
SPEAKER_L: I'm Mark
SPEAKER_R: Hey Mark, how are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: now? You're treating you?
SPEAKER_L: So where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from ST louis but I'm located in Birmingham Alabama.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I live in Ohio near Toledo Ohio
SPEAKER_R: Okay, how's the weather
SPEAKER_L: uh here is really nice. We had almost
SPEAKER_R: with,
SPEAKER_L: 80 degrees yesterday. Yeah it was weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah um we're kind of cloudy today. I think we're getting part of that latest hurricane Aetna at uh I haven't even been paying attention to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: haven't paid much attention either.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Are you an Ohio native?
SPEAKER_L: Yes I have lived near here in my whole life. I for this for this I've lived and lived from here is columbus Ohio which is only about two hours away so
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. Mhm. Wasn't president ford from Ohio.
SPEAKER_L: mm he might have been we've had a lot of presidents from Ohio like six or seven from Ohio but I don't remember Ford was or not he might I think it was in michigan actually
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. Yeah, I think I think for whatever reason Ohio does produce a lot of presidents.
SPEAKER_L: at least back in the day I think so.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know much about dishes native to Ohio. Are there any like regional things that you know like you can only get in Ohio or?
SPEAKER_L: mm I can't really think of a whole lot, I mean around here there's a lot of, there are a lot of german people so I mean maybe that's what fit I guess with bratwurst and sauerkraut and stuff like that and but it's nothing that you probably have never heard of her head or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah ST louis has a big german population or they still do but it was oh God, late 18 hundreds there was a huge influx of german immigrants and Busch, beer, Budweiser beer,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's right
SPEAKER_R: that family, that family is german and um so like when I was a kid years ago there were lots of little um like german butchers and german meat sausage shops and you could get bratwursts than you could get knockwurst then it makes me crazy today when you go to the store and there's something labeled bratwurst and it's pink. No
SPEAKER_L: things
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: are a lot different, yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah yeah bratwurst believe it or not it should be gray, it should be almost the color of talk and yeah I love sauerkraut, I love spicy mustard. Um So yeah. Okay very cool, very cool.
SPEAKER_L: so you've lived, you lived bring him for how long then?
SPEAKER_R: about I'm gonna say about 30 years now and um my blood has thinned out I don't think I could do another ST louis winter.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: bet
SPEAKER_R: yeah I really don't think I could live there during the winter you know like I'll go visit relatives um Right after christmas and you know were there 34 days in I'm cold I'm ready to go.
SPEAKER_L: that's funny you talk about weather
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: guys,
SPEAKER_R: it's been about yeah. Yeah my
SPEAKER_L: said
SPEAKER_R: um I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: no that's all right, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: No I was just gonna say that my husband's family, most of his family is here and so yeah, I eat barbecue chicken, like barbecue chicken before I came here, but now it's sweet tea and um how long grits? Uh huh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I've had a lot of grits in my life,
SPEAKER_R: Uh that's uh grits is distinctly southern um but it's so funny how much grits and polenta have in common, it's like Atlanta, Okay,
SPEAKER_L: huh,
SPEAKER_R: call it that if you want to, but my in laws are going to call it grits,
SPEAKER_L: uh huh, uh huh mhm so it was like I was saying before it's funny you talk about weather and I said it was 80 degrees here just yesterday and it can almost be 80 degrees today, but starting tomorrow we're going to be in the forties so we have quite the temperature differences happens around here.
SPEAKER_R: do you guys get a lot of snow
SPEAKER_L: Uh We get some snow yes. Uh We live on the right side of the lake that we don't
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: get the snow that like Cleveland does because every Cleveland they get Cleveland and over pennsylvania they get a lot of snow because of the lake effect. Um So when we get six inches of snow they get a foot and a half of snow over there
SPEAKER_R: wow, okay, now my geography is really bad. Is that like superior
SPEAKER_L: I think.
SPEAKER_R: or Lake
SPEAKER_L: Eric
SPEAKER_R: Erie Lake Erie Lake Erie. Okay. Um I have a friend who lives in Pittsburgh.
SPEAKER_L: yeah they probably get affected by that to there on the other side,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and I visited her want to say it's two summers ago, is during the summer. Um But Pittsburgh was great,
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: heard
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: good things. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I I had a blast, ate my way across the city um in case you haven't figured it out. Uh I love to eat and I love to try like all of the local dishes um and there is a God, what's it called? It's like militaries, it might be pila terry's, there is uh it started as you know, little family restaurant now it's a chain and they make sandwiches with, I want to get this right smoked sausage sauerkraut um God, oh, in parochial, like a all in the same sandwich,
SPEAKER_L: sounds good.
SPEAKER_R: it was fabulous, absolutely fabulous. So I want to say Pittsburgh is the closest I've ever been to that part of the country,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's still kind of far but yeah that's probably the closest, yep.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: So uh how is the virus down there?
SPEAKER_R: You know what? Um Yeah, I couldn't tell you, I uh you know, if they say stay at home, understand at home yesterday I went to the grocery store and I hadn't left the house in about a week. Um,
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: I do. I wear my mask always. Um, I'm not as hyperactive I guess as I was earlier earlier. You know when I first started like March, I go to the store and I'd stock up on everything and if it came into the house and get sprayed with lights law, um the mail got sprayed with Lysol. Uh, if we got a parcel from, you know fedex or you got sprayed with Lysol. I'm not that diligent now. Um, yesterday I did groceries unloaded groceries, washed my hands cross my fingers. Hope for the best.
SPEAKER_L: I can
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: understand that,
SPEAKER_R: don't follow a lot of local news because uh, what difference does it make? You know, and a lot of local news in Alabama could mean you know tuscaloosa, which is an hour, hour and a half away. And what really set me off was like turn on the evening news and it was a house fire leading story house fire in Tuscaloosa kills family of eight. Why do I need to know that? Right?
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: If the fire's not coming my way, why do I need to know that?
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: a good point.
SPEAKER_R: how is that going to, you know, prepare me for tomorrow or the next five minutes and I went through. Um, so I will read news and it's usually national news, but I don't watch it on television. I don't need to, you know, see those images and I'm blissfully ignorant,
SPEAKER_L: Well maybe that's probably for the better.
SPEAKER_R: you know, so far for me, you know, it's working, it's working really, really well. Um I do work from home
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and I'm okay with that. And um, it's getting to the point where when I leave the house, it kind of freaks me out, you know, to see so many, you know, restaurants closed and to see so little, you know, activity in the streets, you know, it's kind of like, oh my God, is this the sci fi movie? You know, am I going to see tom cruise running down the street next? Um but I'm, you know, in my own little corner, in my own little world and I'm happy
SPEAKER_L: Well I kind of wish it was like that around here. We uh we were like that at the beginning but now people are almost back to normal, there's so many people out doing stuff, restaurants are mostly open, I mean they have rules but here in the last week or two are viruses have skyrocketed in Ohio, so the last couple of days 5000 new cases a day and we were even close to that in the beginning, so starting
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: to get scary here again.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Yeah, it is, Yes, it is. If you haven't done it yet and I'm not kidding stock up on paper towels.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I probably should had
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm serious because if production goes off line again, you know, there could be another 68 weeks where you know, paper towels are really hard to come by. Um my husband, my long suffering husband, you know, you're kind of like and shake his head because I'm wagging and more paper towels, however, when the first stay at home order came through and I'm like okay I'm gonna go to the store, there was no toilet paper to be had. Not
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: at all. And there are three of us,
SPEAKER_L: we got four here so
SPEAKER_R: right? Um and it started to get really kind of you know, kind of sketchy and I'm like okay I'm gonna stock up on kleenex and hopefully, you know, I won't be calling rotor Rooter, you know, two days later and that's another $800. Um But since then I I'm playing it safe really. The things that I know that we're gonna need to just live like civil human beings, the paper towels, toilet paper all right,
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: of glad
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: we had this conversation because I just kind of makes me think about doing that because I probably we're probably gonna need to do something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean I mean I'm serious and sometimes I do get panicky. I am high strung. I am and I'll tell I'll admit that I'm really high strong. However when I hear that Kimberly clark and Marcel um you know when when um all of the cleansing wipes like the Clorox wipes, you couldn't find them because they're produced, you know, manufacturers say, oh, we're gonna need like, you know, 40 truckloads, we're going to produce 41 truckloads and we're good all of a sudden there was a demand for 60 truckloads, 80 truckloads and they couldn't
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: produce in time. Um depending on where you are, you might be seeing a lot of off brand, um, particularly toilet paper because it's being imported from Mexico. Um it's being imported from Canada and so it's not going to be Kimberly clark or Charmin, you know, it still works, but it's nothing you're familiar with because american production, they're trying to play catch up and if they're there, um if their workers get hit, you know, with with a wave and it throws manufacturing offline, you won't find it at the shop and save or the target or the walmart are so you know when it comes, when it comes to disposable paper products, I'm a paper product
SPEAKER_L: True. It's a good
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: thing to do.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah. I am. We can run out of, you know what, we can run out of beer before we can run out of toilet paper. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Are your
SPEAKER_R: alright. I'm off my soapbox.
SPEAKER_L: no I agree with you. Are you're kids going to school at all down there or are they all at home?
SPEAKER_R: My youngest uh is in savannah Georgia and she's a senior at Scad Savannah College of Art and Design. My oldest is at home. He just had a birthday last week and in the spring he's going to see a um, the culinary institute of America and I love saying CIA and people really like, no, no, no, he's going to be a chef and um even though, you know, I want to say they're on the quarter system and you know, he had the option of starting in january. we're starting in april and he's like january uh that there needs to be a little bit more stability, you know, in regard to the pandemic before we move across the country. So he's elected to start in april,
SPEAKER_L: that's probably safer. Hopefully we'll have something better by then?
SPEAKER_R: hopefully, hopefully um when this came down he was cooking for, it was a Marriott, one of the Marriott hotels and when he got laid off, uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: there are 300 rooms, there were nine guests in the entire hotel.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. As a so he's not working there anymore at all right now
SPEAKER_R: No, no, he said he's been laid off and then they said we're going to extend your layoff and he's like okay, and he's been in food service for years and if the, you know, if the hotel lays you off, you know, there are a lot of smaller, you know, locally owned restaurants that are, you're struggling, they're they're really, really struggling and so it's like, you know um you don't have to work you know and so just chill you know
SPEAKER_L: restaurant open it all down there,
SPEAKER_R: there are restaurants open. Uh one of our favorite restaurants that he used to work at. Um it's a family owned thai place, I don't know if you like thai food, I
SPEAKER_L: A lot of it around where I live,
SPEAKER_R: right, I love Typhoon um for a while it was carry out only and it was spooky because you know the restaurant is huge and you go in and there's like the hosting and the bar and the only light was at the bar and then there was a little door in the back going to the kitchen, that was it. There was one guy working the bar bringing food from the back, you know his expediting carry out orders from the back, answering the phone and it was it was crazy, it really threw me um we haven't dined at a restaurant since March, we will do carry out, but I haven't eaten in anywhere since since March
SPEAKER_L: We have a couple
SPEAKER_R: and I'm not.
SPEAKER_L: of kinds but it's not I can count on one hand how many times we've done it. Uh But we've had similar things to we had where I live, we don't have a lot of options in restaurants. So we had a mexican restaurant that we like to go to a lot. It's also a pretty big place and we went in there and everything's dark in there, even though the register it was dark. You walk up to a dark register and get your food and pay and get out.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So when you were dining in um did you have to like is it okay to take off your mask while you're eating or did
SPEAKER_L: But nice book.
SPEAKER_R: did you have to like?
SPEAKER_L: the rules are you're supposed to wear your mask so you get to your table and then you can take it off and then everybody, you know, that works, there has to wear a mask the whole time. It's probably not as safe as you want it to be. But yeah, we have smaller kids, we wanted to get out of the house. We we've we've gone out and done that a couple of times.
SPEAKER_R: understood. How old are your kids?
SPEAKER_L: Uh We have 1/5 grader in a second grader.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so they're 11 and eight.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, almost 8, 11 and seven, yep.
SPEAKER_R: Very cool. So you guys are are your kids going to school on campus? Are you doing remote learning?
SPEAKER_L: So my kids go to a small private school, so it's small enough that they think it's safe for them to go there. They've got they all gotta wear masks all day, they got petitions between desks but for right now fingers crossed, they keep going. But the bigger cities around us, see I don't live in Toledo, I work, I live near Toledo, they've all went back to homeschooling. All the bigger cities around here are all home schooling, so I think it's only a matter of time before they started doing that to get needed to
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. So when it
SPEAKER_L: but Okay
SPEAKER_R: when I your kids go to school and they get to see their buddies at school when they come home, are they still is it okay to have Playdates with friends and hang out with neighbors or how is that working?
SPEAKER_L: we've done that a little bit too just because since they're around them already at school we feel it's safe enough to maybe do that a little bit but it's not something that we do a whole lot. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I just I just I can't imagine how tough it can be on younger kids who are learning how to navigate that social network
SPEAKER_L: Very hard.
SPEAKER_R: and when you know a third of your day it's spent you know just like just like your folks you know it's been away from home um and that gets rubbed, it that gets disrupted. Oh man. I just I.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, when they were home school and last spring it was rough, especially for my because it was the first grader at that time and my fourth grader was they'd have class an hour or two a day. But my first grader they just sent stuff home for him to do, they didn't really have a class that he's learning. So I was a teacher and I was working from home and I was teaching and it was kind of a stressful situation.
SPEAKER_R: I can yeah. Yeah I uh I can imagine I was talking actually wasn't talking, I was texting with a friend last night and his youngest is 20 how old is? Andrew interest, 21 21 22. And um he's thinking he did go to school, I want to say he was going to school in Ohio because he was playing baseball, I want to say it was Ohio, he was he was playing baseball, he got on the baseball team, didn't like Ohio came back to Alabama was playing for different team and I know it was baseball and as soon as you said baseball, my eyes kind of glazed over and I should have paid better attention but I didn't and that's okay with Dave and that's why I used my um anyway, here's youngest is going to come back home and go to school at U A. B. Um And uh so we'll see. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: it's,
SPEAKER_L: how long this lasts, where we can get uh they're probably going to do some kind of home schooling for quite a while, a lot of places I think.
SPEAKER_R: you know, I'm glad, I'm glad Pfizer announced the release of the vaccine and I'm really glad to hear that it's got 90% efficacy. Great. Um start distributing it. Give me about six weeks and if you know, my neighbors aren't dropping like flies. Oh yeah, get in line, I'll get mine.
SPEAKER_L: I feel the same way.
SPEAKER_R: I uh although I think it might be okay with my husband because you know, I'm not shopping all the time. Uh huh. However, however when I do and it's it's just been the grocery store. I kinda I kind of tend to lose my mind, so like yesterday we got three bags of kettle chips, were
SPEAKER_L: Nothing wrong.
SPEAKER_R: they on sale? Right. No, no they weren't on sale but I had to buy something, I'm at the store and a kettle chips. Yeah. Yeah yeah uh snack bars, yeah but I don't know I guess it's kind of okay, I um I realized that I don't have to have new stuff all the time and I'm I'm quite content staying at home. Um But when I do I guess yeah when I splurge, I splurge at the grocery store,
SPEAKER_L: What's wrong with that?
SPEAKER_R: so since you guys um have you discovered that your cooking at home more?
SPEAKER_L: I wish I could say that, I mean we are do you cook at home? But by the time I work at home then I gotta go pick up my kids and then I come back and I work some more and I help them with their homework and it comes time to make supper, sometimes I'll make supper, sometimes I'm done by that time I'm like I don't want to sit there and spend an hour making supper too, so we'll run into town and get something to eat sometimes too. So a lot of people say that they cook more at home. I think this has caused me maybe to cook less at home just because I need the time to get out and get away from the house.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No I get it, I get it. Um I know when when my kids were little uh there were several days when you know what it was, what kind of cereal do you want? Right,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's what we're having for dinner.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: wish my kids
SPEAKER_R: pick
SPEAKER_L: would eat cereal for dinner. I mean, they don't like kids do not a serial. They're weird. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: wow. When, when I was just about ready to snap and it was,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: what kind of cereal do you want? They were celebrating. You know, it's like, I want captain Crunch done, I
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: want whiz banks done, you know what, you get your own thing and Tooty, fruity is done because I'm mommy is about, mommy's about to end up on the news. No, it is harder when they're younger and that's one thing Dave and I were texting last night, we were talking about a mutual friend of ours and he's like, uh does victor still do is is acting class? I'm like, I don't, I don't know. And and they've said, well he had the kid and he kind of disappeared and I went, well, you know, his his family is young and young, families demand, you know, a lot more time. And
SPEAKER_L: they do.
SPEAKER_R: Dave goes, I don't miss those days. And I said, I don't either. I honestly don't. Um, empty nest. No. You know, first of all, my nest isn't completely empty. However, you
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: know, my youngest, you know, he, he comes and not the youngest, my youngest is in Savannah, My oldest just turned 26. Um, he's got his own life. He's got his own friends. Um, did I see him yesterday?
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so. I don't think I saw him at all yesterday and he lives downstairs in the dining room and I didn't see him at all. Um, and it was so funny. Got a couple of weeks ago, you know, my phone went off, it was like 11 in the morning and I see it's him and I wake up freaking out and he knows I'm high strung and he goes, it's okay, it's okay, I have a flat tire, I'm okay. I don't have the triple A card, I'm okay. And um you know, I'm like, whoa, this guy is falling, the sky
SPEAKER_L: christmas,
SPEAKER_R: is falling. Um But other than that there they're young adults and their little self sufficient and if they need something, they know where we are. And yeah, after that, my time is my own.
SPEAKER_L: I look forward to that time.
SPEAKER_R: Um It'll come, it will come and you'll have gray in your beard
SPEAKER_L: I'm already tonight.
SPEAKER_R: and you'll have gray in your hair. Um But but it'll come and it'll be it'll be cool because when they do call or phone or text, well it's because they really want to.
SPEAKER_L: Mm. That would be nice then. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. And it's not you know that you know, I need you or it's my homework or no, it's like how you doing you doing okay? You
SPEAKER_L: that will be
SPEAKER_R: know what you've been watching? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: it'll be great. It'll be great.
SPEAKER_L: Oh um I think we've got our 25 minutes and it's been nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: It's been a pleasure talking to you. I hope you have a great day.
SPEAKER_L: I hope you do too and stay safe down there.
SPEAKER_R: You as well. You and your family stay safe. Stay healthy.
SPEAKER_L: Well do you have a good afternoon? Bye. Remember how
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: to end this
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: though?
SPEAKER_R: it. Yeah. You know, I'm looking I'm looking at the open tab. I don't know if I close the window
SPEAKER_L: I'm guessing
SPEAKER_R: or if
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I click
SPEAKER_L: but you're supposed to to do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: or if I click through and then close the window. Right? Yeah. Return to this browser tab. Open a new tab. You know, it was opened. We've had our video chat. I hope this works. I'm going to click through, fingers crossed.
SPEAKER_L: I think we'll be again we've got more than enough time so uh.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Ah Here we go. I'm going in. Ah All right, okay. I'm going to close you out now,
SPEAKER_L: All right. You have a good day
SPEAKER_R: you as well.