Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah Okay welcome back. Yeah what is it? That's all yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay yeah thank you. Right yeah. Mhm. Yeah yeah. Mhm. A lot of hard here's something mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Morning one time I have some time. Mhm. Yeah
morning
I'm Mark
I'm good. Nice to meet you.
So where are you from?
Yeah I live in Ohio near Toledo Ohio
uh here is really nice. We had almost
80 degrees yesterday. Yeah it was weird.
I
haven't paid much attention either.
Yes I have lived near here in my whole life. I for this for this I've lived and lived from here is columbus Ohio which is only about two hours away so
mm he might have been we've had a lot of presidents from Ohio like six or seven from Ohio but I don't remember Ford was or not he might I think it was in michigan actually
at least back in the day I think so.
mm I can't really think of a whole lot, I mean around here there's a lot of, there are a lot of german people so I mean maybe that's what fit I guess with bratwurst and sauerkraut and stuff like that and but it's nothing that you probably have never heard of her head or
Oh yeah, that's right
things
are a lot different, yeah
so you've lived, you lived bring him for how long then?
I
bet
that's funny you talk about weather
guys,
said
no that's all right, go ahead.
I've had a lot of grits in my life,
huh,
uh huh, uh huh mhm so it was like I was saying before it's funny you talk about weather and I said it was 80 degrees here just yesterday and it can almost be 80 degrees today, but starting tomorrow we're going to be in the forties so we have quite the temperature differences happens around here.
Uh We get some snow yes. Uh We live on the right side of the lake that we don't
get the snow that like Cleveland does because every Cleveland they get Cleveland and over pennsylvania they get a lot of snow because of the lake effect. Um So when we get six inches of snow they get a foot and a half of snow over there
I think.
Eric
yeah they probably get affected by that to there on the other side,
I've
heard
good things. Mhm.
sounds good.
Yeah it's still kind of far but yeah that's probably the closest, yep.
So uh how is the virus down there?
huh
I can
understand that,
yeah,
that's
a good point.
Well maybe that's probably for the better.
I
Well I kind of wish it was like that around here. We uh we were like that at the beginning but now people are almost back to normal, there's so many people out doing stuff, restaurants are mostly open, I mean they have rules but here in the last week or two are viruses have skyrocketed in Ohio, so the last couple of days 5000 new cases a day and we were even close to that in the beginning, so starting
to get scary here again.
Oh I probably should had
know
we got four here so
I'm kind
of glad
we had this conversation because I just kind of makes me think about doing that because I probably we're probably gonna need to do something.
All
True. It's a good
thing to do.
Are your
no I agree with you. Are you're kids going to school at all down there or are they all at home?
that's probably safer. Hopefully we'll have something better by then?
Oh
Uh huh. As a so he's not working there anymore at all right now
restaurant open it all down there,
A lot of it around where I live,
We have a couple
of kinds but it's not I can count on one hand how many times we've done it. Uh But we've had similar things to we had where I live, we don't have a lot of options in restaurants. So we had a mexican restaurant that we like to go to a lot. It's also a pretty big place and we went in there and everything's dark in there, even though the register it was dark. You walk up to a dark register and get your food and pay and get out.
But nice book.
the rules are you're supposed to wear your mask so you get to your table and then you can take it off and then everybody, you know, that works, there has to wear a mask the whole time. It's probably not as safe as you want it to be. But yeah, we have smaller kids, we wanted to get out of the house. We we've we've gone out and done that a couple of times.
Uh We have 1/5 grader in a second grader.
Yeah, almost 8, 11 and seven, yep.
So my kids go to a small private school, so it's small enough that they think it's safe for them to go there. They've got they all gotta wear masks all day, they got petitions between desks but for right now fingers crossed, they keep going. But the bigger cities around us, see I don't live in Toledo, I work, I live near Toledo, they've all went back to homeschooling. All the bigger cities around here are all home schooling, so I think it's only a matter of time before they started doing that to get needed to
but Okay
we've done that a little bit too just because since they're around them already at school we feel it's safe enough to maybe do that a little bit but it's not something that we do a whole lot. Yeah. Yeah.
Very hard.
Yeah, when they were home school and last spring it was rough, especially for my because it was the first grader at that time and my fourth grader was they'd have class an hour or two a day. But my first grader they just sent stuff home for him to do, they didn't really have a class that he's learning. So I was a teacher and I was working from home and I was teaching and it was kind of a stressful situation.
see
how long this lasts, where we can get uh they're probably going to do some kind of home schooling for quite a while, a lot of places I think.
I feel the same way.
Nothing wrong.
What's wrong with that?
I wish I could say that, I mean we are do you cook at home? But by the time I work at home then I gotta go pick up my kids and then I come back and I work some more and I help them with their homework and it comes time to make supper, sometimes I'll make supper, sometimes I'm done by that time I'm like I don't want to sit there and spend an hour making supper too, so we'll run into town and get something to eat sometimes too. So a lot of people say that they cook more at home. I think this has caused me maybe to cook less at home just because I need the time to get out and get away from the house.
Mhm.
I
wish my kids
would eat cereal for dinner. I mean, they don't like kids do not a serial. They're weird. I don't know.
All
definitely.
they do.
But
true.
christmas,
I look forward to that time.
I'm already tonight.
Mm. That would be nice then. Yes.
that will be
huh
Oh um I think we've got our 25 minutes and it's been nice talking to you.
I hope you do too and stay safe down there.
Well do you have a good afternoon? Bye. Remember how
to end this
though?
I'm guessing
that
but you're supposed to to do. Yeah.
I think we'll be again we've got more than enough time so uh.
All right. You have a good day