Hello.
Why are you?
I'm Michel.
All right. It's been good. We're getting ready to move this weekend. So lots of necking and organizing.
Yeah. My husband has done most of it, which is awesome. And then we've got two little kids, so hang out with the kids and he does lots, lots of the packing. So that's been helpful.
Yes, it does.
Yeah. What kind of job you're looking for?
that's, yeah, that's no fun.
Oh, that's cool. That's
exciting.
I,
absolutely. That's cool.
Where did you go to school?
yeah. Well, that's good though. I know a lot of people that have gone that route and work for a little bit and then go back and finish college is expensive.
It's not getting cheaper either, which is no fun. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
I am a teacher. So I teach, um,
I teach preschool for kids with special needs. So it's like 34 and five year olds um you know, various needs, summer developmental delays, some are more on the autism spectrum, Things like that. So I've been teaching now about 10, 10 years.
Crazy. Yeah.
That's
funny. Very different uh spaces
though,
preschool
in high school.
Yeah. I could I could never teach high school. I
like I like working with a littler kids. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Especially with this remote teaching to it's so crazy because we're doing like teachers are in the buildings, but the kids are all remote. So you know, trying to teach 34 and five year olds with zoom lessons is it's been very interesting.
You
know, I
feel
like I'm like on a tv show just you know, it's gonna dancing away file.
Yeah. And some, you know, you can tell sometimes they're camera is like zooming all over the room because
they're just running around with mom or dad's phone or whatever, You know, the tablets set up and they're nowhere to be seen because they've taken off, you know, oftentimes you, you see like mom's hand or dad's hand reaching, you know?
So it's, it's very interesting. But
yeah, we'll see you. Hopefully. Hopefully something will happen and we can get them back in the classroom soon.
But
I'm
the
one.
Right? Yeah. It's totally different.
The
Thank.
Exactly. It's crazy. Mm.
Yeah. It's funny to see, you know, you walk through a grocery store and see how many people are following things and how many are that?
All
with their nose often? You're like, what good does that do it? Wow. Too funny. Yeah. I'm always like, okay, I'll walk, you know, around you go down the next style.
Well.
Right. Exactly. Like there's no point in even having it out at all at that point.
That's good. Yeah, we are. We have to, so we're very lucky.
But
Yeah. That's good. That's good.
I
well,
Had it and didn't show symptoms or whatever. Yeah. Yeah,
I agree.
Just like scary too because then you don't know.
Open
up.
Right. Exactly. Yeah. We've been, um, you know, keeping our distance. My sister got married this summer but had to cancel most everything. Our immediate family could go to church and you know, then we just did a little backyard barbecue. But like each little, you know, each of my sisters and their little families had their own tents set up. So like everybody is still kind of separate and
I'm like, you know, it was just, it was just sad, you know, she couldn't have her big wedding and big reception that they had spent so much time planning and then, but hopefully they pushed it to next reception to next year. So hopefully hopefully
by
june
I'll be able to do it. But you know, you never know what the way things are going.
Exactly. Especially with right now I'm like, oh my gosh are schools district is talking about bringing the kids back in person and we're in Illinois, some like numbers are going up again like crazy and you're talking about bringing the kids back in person
and
yeah, they were saying bigger than it even wasn't like march at some point, so
like, oh gosh, like that's scary.
People are so tired of like not seeing, people are not going out and then
they
just
But you're like it, that's so good. Not so smart.
Absolutely. Yeah. My co worker has been talking about this like big Halloween party that they have every year and she's like we're going to start planning it. I'm like you're still doing it. And she's like well you know, it's like family and a few other people but it's like 30 people, like that's not a small get
together, like well after your party, stay away from me.
I think so too.
His life.
I
What?
Uh huh.
Well
like now it's so crazy to I feel like any time you wake up and like your throat is a little sore or like you just wake up and you're like out of it, you're like oh no, what did you know, who did I come in contact with? Am I OK? And then you're like oh I'm fine. It was just you know, you I dry throat because you were sleeping or whatever, but I'm like oh my gosh, anytime my kids feel warm I'm like freaking out.
Oh that's good. That's
that's
way better.
Right. Yeah and like at first they were like, well yeah younger people aren't so much affected but now it's like it doesn't really matter.
No it is not,
nope.
Just crazy. Yeah,
I hope so. I hope so.
It's got to at
least start off better. Right.
Let
me show you what I got. Yeah.
Oh it hasn't. Oh that's good.
and
then
lot of them are further self probably than you. Right
Oh well that's good.
Right. Yeah just in a good location I guess for tracking
that
We have some if not as bad as other states we've had you know a couple but nothing too serious in the last few years.
is good.
Yeah. I don't know if it's like people are more
worried about it or
things seem more dramatic to and you know they always have to warn people that it's going to be bad just to keep people safe too. But then it's not always as bad as it seems it's like it's not like we get snow and they'll be like that would be 10 inches of snow and then you wake up in the morning it's like three you're like really? That's it. So like
What?
that's
funny.
Uh huh. That's funny. Yeah we got we got last now here. Mhm.
I agree. I think I would too. Snow seems a little bit
a little safer and you can you know stay in and avoid it. Usually most things if it's a really bad snowstorm are cancelled anyways you don't drive in it or anything which is good.
yeah that's not good. Mhm
wow. That's crazy. It'll be interesting to see what like school districts do with snow like now that they have all this remote learning if snow days will just be remote days
or if they'll be actual
snow
days anymore.
exactly. It will be interesting to see, let's see what happens. Like
I guess it be nice in some way because then you don't have to make them up but like, you know, kids look forward to those snow days where it's like surprised there's no school, so Yeah,
absolutely,
people are going to have to really go to the office anymore and now that they know that working from home is fine and you know
we
are
getting their job done and
people commuting is, you know has gone down substantially that you know, people save on community commuting costs, but
Yes it is,
yep. Absolutely, yeah, we get ours every year which
is not being in the school district is nice because they come to our school and give it to teachers and stuff, which is
if you sign up to do it, which I usually just because I'm like convenient they're here at school, why not just get it? Well they're here instead of going to Walgreens or whatever. Mhm
Exactly. Yeah and I feel like right now, especially with everything going on, what they've been saying is to get the flu shot because hospitals and doctors offices are going to fill up with other sicknesses that you know, you don't want to be having to go in for the flu and risk getting something else while you're there. Yeah.
It's
always fun. Right, I can't wait until this election is over.
Right. And they're always just so angry at each other, They're just so mean.
Not
because I got to pick a good numbers, I
don't
know,
I've never done it.
gosh. And you're like, I just want to get my food
All
right, I don't need to have this conversation with you know, somebody at this store. Uh
Like you never know. No.
exactly. Exactly. I feel like no matter who you talk to, nobody is happy anyway, so it doesn't really matter.
Oh, that's good.
Right. Like, and we're going to change subjects.
Right. Exactly. And especially with how big all current events are. I feel like
there's
so much within that go over and talk about and
Exactly. Exactly. Yeah, that's great. It'll be interesting to see how the debates go on thursday if they're actually mute mics and allow
them to talk for the full two minutes and all that. It will be very interesting to see how different it is this week and it was a few weeks ago.
Yeah, that's what I was
hearing.
They can get pretty loud, so you just never know. That's funny. Yeah, it'll be, it'll be very interesting.
Mm hmm. Yeah, that first debate was,
yeah, I know what you're talking about. Yeah, it was, it was hard to watch just the yelling back and forth and half the time you couldn't even hear what they were saying because they were just
talking over each other. Mhm.
What
made?
Thanks.
Like, I don't care who you like in this debate and neither of them, you know, were very courteous. So yeah, it was, it was
crazy.
I
You
know
what?
I didn't either.
No.
a little more like aware of issues and things that, yeah.
Because
it's all in your face.
No matter where you go.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. It'll be interesting to see what happens in a few weeks. That's for sure.
Well.
No.
Yeah. I just got mine in the mail this week so I got to do that. But.
yeah that'll be
good.
that's smart. Yeah we really only did because we're moving so like I don't really want to have to come back out here just to vote on Election Day. So
it's
Exactly. Like what I changed my address before and you know, come out here like I don't really want to have to worry about all that. So like let's do melon and not worry about it.
Perfect.
You too.
Thank you. I appreciate it. Good luck with the job and the exam.
What?
Alright. You too take care.