How you doing?
Pretty good. Pretty good. I'm Elijah by the way.
How're you doing Michel? How's your bin?
Hey packing?
it takes a village.
Mhm. Um I understand chilling this week. Really. Nothing too big going on job searching. Um Got my car fixed last saturday and so I got that fixed. And ever since then it's been job searching you know
um Some I c I graduated from college in May right before Covid started getting too crazy. Yeah.
and um I graduated with sub security networking. And so I've just been searching for something with that. And then I got a job offer on the Air Force base I live by uh but then we're going to go get my security plus certification first. So I got a boat coming in for that and then I gotta study for that then go take the test and hopefully pass and then I'll have that job. So
just
trying to find something part
time right now so I could you know make some money and study at the same time.
But yeah. Um
this is a little local place where although technical college for a couple of years you got my associates. I might go from ambassadors eventually, but.
Very.
I think it was like 5000 per semester, I think it was, but I had the pilgrim and all that thankfully. But if I didn't have that, I don't I don't I probably wouldn't have my associates right now. Okay. Uh
huh.
What are you what are you into like work wise?
No.
10 years,
Uh was crazy. Um They're actually the second teacher I've had on here. I didn't one last weekend uh for this whole prolific thing or whatever and he taught high school history, I think it was so yeah, you're like the second teacher I got here, which is
crazy.
they
call
me.
Yeah, very different.
Thank you there. Um
want to find my life wanting to be a teacher, but was never went down that road. I don't think that things change I guess.
I've been
like, it's
hard
to get.
Yeah. And they have to sit still and everything. There's no way
proof.
to get him to sit down or
all right, the
I hope man,
it's rough some weird times. It's so weird because like it's been so long since we had a situation like this, like with a pandemic I guess. And like
I
mean
Ebola and the swine for that wasn't even on this level, this is a whole different.
and the people that the people
that were alive around, you know when the spanish flu, they're not alive no more obviously. But nobody has experienced this. Even the older politicians and doctors are supposed to take care of everything. They're
just winging I guess you could say. Yeah.
And then you got people that don't believe in it and it's a whole girlfriend, you know? But
Or have the mask
like on their fin or with their nose uncovered.
I mean let me
keep my distance for me because there says it's you know it's not for your safety as much as it is for everybody else's safety. So like I can't like I don't know if they have that open then they're just breathing out into the air and that's going to get other people sick.
But yeah but I mean, luckily my family has been able to avoid it so far.
I've
had, I mean, I've had some people close to me get it. But but other than that, nobody in my immediate vicinity has been able to contract.
As far as we know, I mean, who knows the way it affects people start differently. We could uh, and
by a stroke of luck, we could have all been auto
me in and out of them.
Which is
crazy.
Yeah. And then like the life, I don't know. Then, you know, I go around my grandma and my my grandma, you know, has autoimmune disease. So she gets it and God
forbid
something happens to her.
That's good.
Thanks to
calm
down by then.
Yeah. It's like one moment they say that now we're close to a vaccine. The next moment we're getting another strike. Yeah.
Yeah, that's
like the midwest. Yeah. They're, they're having their big spike mama.
But
yeah, It's understands Caroline on the east. And so we had our, we had our big spike back when I first started. Whenever I was like, oh, all the red states are call it. So, I mean I hate to bring politics into it. But all the red States were because nobody wanted to wear masks around here. So they were like, well everybody's, you know, we're having our big spikes and now the mid of us decide when there's yeah,
It's getting to the point where everybody
was like,
well I haven't got it yet. So mas will push my luck. Yeah.
People are getting complacent. I guess. You could say
No
Yeah it's supposed to be under 10 right now I think.
But I mean I pushed back around I think it was
me think july I push
my luck once and then I went to a little small party, a birthday party for um my cousin, her friend was having a little
birthday party and then when we did all that and it was like Around, 20, people and then the whole week after it was two weeks after I stayed inside but I was a nervous wreck the whole time. Oh my God
like I don't feel a little fever if you know. Oh no.
So.
Um I think it was when I first started uh this was the worst year for like my mom has allergies and all that, right, I started having allergies for the first time this year. So like at night my throat would get sore and then you get a little headache or whatever so and I didn't know it was allergies at first. So I called the doctor. I was like I think I might have it, can you give me test is like, yeah, we'll get you tested blah blah blah. I went get test was negative. He was like, well here here's some Claritin, let's see if it salaries also declared him perfectly fine.
I
mean
it's like any little thing that pops up here is like what if I had a lot of it's my time.
Yeah, they're it's like we don't know what the truth is really because it's like, oh masks don't work now, they do work. You know, it's a blood disease. So it's not a blood disease. It's all kind of things man. It's 2020 is not the year.
Thank
you. Uh
I was helped. 2021 brings better things
because
I'm
Well, yeah, I mean we all thought 2019 was bad or like not the best and then 2020 was like well,
very good. Ready?
Yes. So many things like not even just covid, it was like the wild fires on the west coast and hurricane season, hurricane season to be kind of weird actually as if it was bad.
We had like one big storm a car like a month ago and I just knocked out power out for like a couple of hours for that was about it and
then
every other hurricanes then somewhere else. Mhm.
Uh Yeah, a little bit. Yeah florida florida usually gets hit by those a lot and for some reason south Carolina every time I get close to us to just veers off out of nowhere
and that's how it's been for years. So I don't know someone, it's probably with our weather or humidity
I
yeah, not not the best day, but it's all right. Has it as his frozen columns is um is annoying to tornado alley, right?
That's good. That's good. Yeah.
Climate change has been making the storms bigger in my opinion. I mean because like every time we do have a hurricane it seems like they're like oh it's the biggest one to be seen and then we'll get hit right and it'll be like any other hurricane. Uh huh.
Good.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm anymore.
man. Yeah. Snow's a very rare occurrence here. We we get snow like every two or 3 years I think. Um And people go crazy when we get stuff like you think they've never
seen snow in their life like they're like
oh let's
go milk water bread.
That's cool. I mean I think I would rather have snows and hurricanes.
What?
Yeah if we even get like flirty it's no cancel school and everything here. Like I remember I was in I think it's my freshman year of high school, we had a pretty big snowstorm and they cancelled school for like two weeks. And but I mean it was like an ice storm more than snow. So like it knocked out power and all that. Uh
And knocked out it even knocked out like are like internet service and everything like even when the power came back on our internet was still down cable will still down all that because they had their power knocked out too.
Holiday
is
there?
So they don't have to make up days there than in the year or cancel holiday.
think.
But like I think the whole work environment is going to change too with certain jobs being remote now. Uh huh.
Or like a.
They don't have
they
don't
they will have to pay like those releasing a building or or if somebody calls in sick I was like well here's your do this when you feel better at work and at home you know? So I mean I guess it would help like with not spreading sickness too I guess. Third.
Gas prices are um flu season is upon us.
I got to go get my, hopefully get my flu shot. Sam my chance.
It's here.
I see.
Yeah. A lot of people in south Carolina, they're talking about not getting their flu shot and it scares me and they're like, oh well people are having bad react. The only reason people are having bad reactions to it I think is because they notice it. But the whole, you know, covid thing going on if they feel even a little bit safe, they're like, oh this, this and this, you know, and then they put the administrators over social media.
Yeah. That's the whole distrust factor that's going on right now with governments and conspiracy degrees being spread and all
that.
No man election because I hate it now. Every other commercial is like an election commercial now.
right. It's like I can't go nowhere without either hearing or commercial or having somebody talk to me about the election. I was at the grocery store the other day just picking something up or is it convenience or something like that. And there's this guy in front of me he's talking he's doing the lottery which always takes forever for people and
he said
I found it. He's been there
in the
late
today is like you know what number do you want blah. And then he was like five years off and starts talking about election because she had the radio on an election commercial came on. So he starts he starts talking about how donald trump's gonna get voted in and he's got a maga hat on and on my own man.
Yeah I just want to get my
food or my guest and let me leave me like
if he sees me I'm like a 22 year old millennial so he's gonna be like oh he must be voting for biden mm.
I just try to stay out of it nowadays.
Exactly. Yeah, because like the teacher I talked to the other day on here, we talked about politics for a little bit and luckily he agreed with me on most of the things I talked about,
I feel like if he didn't agree with me, I think I would have went down the wrong path.
Yeah. That's not like I was worried about like commissioning the covid red state thing because like I was like, it's kind of, it's hard not, it's hard to find things to talk about other than current events right now, especially with somebody you're just meeting.
Very
good.
Oh yeah, it's the elephant in the room basically. It's like the two biggest things right now are Covid and politics and those things go hand in hand because person that's supposed to be helping us with Covid is the person that's fighting for his spot right now. So
We are
I think uh the debate committee announced today that they're gonna turn off the other mike.
Well
they're gonna well they're going to have an open discussion section where they have both mics on and then after that discussion part ends when they start asking questions, they're gonna need the other ones like but I mean who knows? Like what is the other one who starts yelling like? Grand?
And the other election was a was it was interesting. That was an interesting one.
Yeah. Oh yeah, not election the okay, I'm sorry.
There's
like
I
don't I didn't like I was trying to hear, you know, biden side on trump's side. All right, because you know, that's gonna help me swing my vote probably so I was trying
to here and I'm like, which one's talking now? Like
That
is I heard something like that, like, and it's like it's like I don't want to not go out and vote because everybody's talking about like if you go vote to your, you know, duty as a citizen And I didn't vote last year because I was 18. I was I just felt like last year, the last election. I just
didn't feel like I was ready to vote like 19 year old. I was because I
was
in college and I was focused on that and I have time wash
to the base and everything. I don't like he's a candidate really either.
I
was like, I was just fun. I think 18. Just a little too young. A little bit like, I think I'm ready now more than anything. But who knows?
Well, just really had no choice. Really fun to be aware of issues right now.
So exist.
It's life or death right now. It's a
But I heard it was like five years from now. I'll be like, well I was so dumb when I was 22.
Why did I do that? Why did I vote and rasa?
Yeah. Yeah. We only got like, let me check real quick about
a week and a half left until election. Great. So they ain't got much time left. We're gonna find out something and who knows if they'll even decide on election Day who the president is? That's the whole melon. Vote. Anything that to count
all the votes and mm
Yeah, my uh voting centers literally like not even a model down the road. So I'm going to go vote on Election Day because my little area is really small, really real world. So they ended up being much people down there. Hopefully.
I
was like, I was like, it's not get my mail in voting. I'll just go do it on the day.
Because
then you don't know what addresses and what the writing center to go to.
Yeah. All right. Well, yeah, I think that's about it.
It was well, it was nice meeting you.
Um, I hope everything goes well with your moving.
Thank you. Thank you. You
stay safe. All right.
All right. Bye bye.