Okay.
No you take your time. Okay.
Hey how's it going?
It's a football
team
logo.
No I'm from Scotts and I grew up here.
Hello?
I would say that's about it. Packers cheese and beer is about
yeah there's a lot of different
breweries here.
Yeah I like beer so I like cheese and I like the packers so Wisconsin is a pretty good fit for me.
Yeah my whole
I'm in my basement.
Yeah my wife
paying it when we moved in.
No.
Yeah I wanted the basement and told her you do whatever you want with the rest. I was painting how you want. I just want the basement packers. Mhm.
I would say Aaron Rodgers is probably right now the most famous Brett fire was pretty famous. Uh
Bart
starr with the
old one from the 60's
and
you I'm guessing you're not in any sportscenter.
Yeah. Are you from europe then or?
Mhm. A lot of the Packers players are Manchester United fans.
I haven't really watched any of that. Yeah. Mhm.
So as Australian
rules is that a little more aggressive than is that like rugby kind of?
Yeah. I've never really seen much rugby either. I hear it's pretty fun to watch and it gets pretty intense.
So
he did for a hobbies and
what kind of stuff
you read?
You read a Stephen King
CIA? I don't read much. I tried to get into it. I love Stephen King movies and I know his books are supposed to be way better than the movies.
Yeah I did read I read a couple of his in the last year because I decided I should try to pick up reading a little bit instead of just watching it and I read the
shining and carried
and fire starter and I kinda I see what you're saying and it's
I'm starting to get into history a little bit more. Yeah.
Nice. Yeah, I've been trying to read a little bit more, you're
but both my parents love reading. I just I never liked I didn't read grown up, I couldn't hold my attention. Uh
Yeah, it probably is. I had a hard time with it and I I've started picking it back up and trying to because I I mean not like I'm some world renowned reader, but I mean I can read fairly good, I mean I can understand things. So the fact that I never read wasn't that I couldn't read her at a hard time reading it was just said it,
I get
to
three pages in and think what am I going to have for dinner and I got what's for lunch and I end up reading completely space, not even paying attention, so,
Yeah me and my wife have one together and then one, she's got one from her, thanks six and two.
Yeah, they're upstairs. I think I think they might be listening to music. I'm not sure. Again I hear some Disney style mon or something up there so Mhm.
34 yeah.
Yeah, I think my mom is, she
was
My mom was born in 62 or 64 I think. Mhm.
And she uh she had five kids and I've got tons of nieces and nephews, She was one of like six or 7 and yeah, they procreate like crazy. Uh huh.
probably not. I mean I love the two of them, they're great, you know above all that generic jazz are wonderful, but
there,
I mean, there could be a handful of times and I do not want, I don't know how my mom did it with five. I don't think I could keep my sanity. So I tip my hat to her, but that's not my company.
And then with working
and
I work as a quality tech and uh, it's a form factor. It's kind of hard to describe. But what a lot of stuff we make is like headliners. I'm assuming you have a vehicle or
yeah, so we don't make, we don't make like headliners for cars, but we make headliners which are a lot the same for like
tractors and bobcats and, you know, machinery
like that. Yeah.
Yeah, it's all right. I've been there for a long time, 10 years in September we haven't been working as much with the COVID. Our ships are all staggered but I,
right I don't
I
don't mind at all. I've spent a lot of time there in this nice break
from work is very appreciated mm.
So what do you do? Uh
Well that's a bar
Yeah that's that's a bomber here.
So when we got slow
mm there's a guy like I said I work in the quality department is a pretty small department. There's like 34 of us and one of the Guys I've worked next to since I've been in that department I've been there for like I said almost 10 years I've worked in that department for I think just about eight. He my birthday is June four and he
got
let go
my birthday at work. It was a horrible horrible day.
he just kind of disappeared
and
are you still there? Yeah. Oh
Hello?
Yeah.
mm
mm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Thank you. Uh huh. Yeah
mm. Yeah. Mhm. No no. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
I don't know what happened.
Mhm. Well if you can still here and see me I can't hear and see you so just keep babbling on, wait for the time expire. My screen
keeps
flickering randomly. It's kind of weird.
Thank you. Uh huh. Oh
yeah this is a bummer. But again if you can hear me, I was nice chatting with
you. Mhm.
I don't want to click too much and kick myself out of here, kicked me out, fluid will still get a compensation be kind of a bummer. Otherwise I take a sip of my brewski. Mhm. It's A Sour one. Like some showers. I'm really sorry to hear about your job. I hope everything works out.
I mean it's really really rough. Like I was saying I
my best friend from work uh let go on my birthday and it's
been less than idea. Yeah. Really stinks
to be honest with you.
Mm Thank you. But hopefully you'll land on your feet. Hopefully things will work out for you.
Find
something. Hopefully you don't back down like you said. I mean fight for what you deserve. Don't let people push you around. If you got wrongfully brushed aside then
that's kind of not
Oh yeah. So Uh huh. I'm really sure what else to say at this point. Yeah,
I'm gonna try to refresh this after it. It's 25. Mhm. I don't know what it's doing. I still showing me it's just mirrors. Still
says the pages still accessing my camera microphone.
I don't know a mutant. You knew um You knew. Not really much else I can do on this. Okay.
Mm. Yeah. Right. All right. It's really really bizarre. Well if this yes if we lose out on Colonel is I'm sorry. What?
Put my time into. I'll finish the post survey. I mean we didn't quite get the 25 minutes. I think we got like 19 or so.
But this
Well I'm guessing you're from somewhere from the U. S. Because you don't have. I would say maybe even like midwest north the west. You don't have an accent not like boston or Brooklyn or new york or southern accent. So I'm gonna go and stay from Illinois. It's my best guess. I wonder if you can see this. Hear Me A Bad one
Two was still
screen of you in a small picture box of me. I can't believe this would happen though. I just ramped up my internet not too long ago so I got really good connection so I don't think it be my internet connection. It could be something with the ab to be one of a million things but hopefully it all works out. Oh don't but I do believe we are just about done. I'm gonna try this
refresh as a last chance, this doesn't work and you can see this. Goodbye.
It's nice chatting with you. I wish you the best.
Thank you back. Yeah. Did.
So you can see me the whole time then? Huh?
no I was just stuck. It
is still so I was going through and
read the instructions to make sure you know I don't want to exit out and then lose
out. So I was reading the instruction and said even if you're Partner loses out on the call or the call drops, just you have to keep it up for 25 minutes. So I was like, well I guess I'll just keep battling for 25 minutes.
Thank
thank you.
Yeah,
I got some green ketchup.
Yeah, it's Nickelodeon slime.
That was more for me.
Yes, I love Nickelodeon back then.
Yeah, Nickelodeon moved to, I don't remember.
Mine says 27 36. Mm
No,
I think as soon as I got I
as soon as I got in you were here, I think the timer
my death, maybe I wasn't looking at the time is right. Maybe the timer started because I was reading all the rules for a couple minutes, so maybe the timer had started before.
See I thought the timer is counting down five minutes.
I was so afraid to hit refresh that I would lose it.
Uh huh. So I was like, I'll just keep rambling. I'll hit refresh after it hits 25 minutes. And over
the worst,
I really like it. I used to use amazon turk uh and it and I still do, but it's not as much stuff pops up and I like how prolific is. I don't have to do Screeners. Usually. Usually it knows my age, my gender.
Yeah, there's one I did called survey junkie that was like that.
I thought I looked into it once upon a time, but usually I'm bouncing between computer to computer and I always have prolific pulled up on my desktop.
And
I
did one yesterday.
A video. You didn't have to use video, you could just use the audio, which is what I did. I should have done the video but it was
like a half hour or so and it was like $4. Really not worth
it.
Yes. Were you on that one too?
I was why 618? Hey Same numbers. Mhm.
Yeah that one
wasn't
too bad.
Yeah that one was interesting but this one seemed a lot more I guess. It wasn't yesterday. Yeah it was yesterday at noon Well 30 or something I think
and that sort of different
time zones.
Yes. So am I So he must have been doing that all day.
Yeah mine was 1230
I believe.
when we did the one yesterday one of the guys in the group was from New Jersey. And you could tell he had a really really thick accent,
you can tell you from somewhere that one wasn't too bad. The pages obviously wasn't as good as this one, but that one wasn't too bad yesterday.
Yeah. Well we all just kind of threw our stuff in. So I mean I watched a video and I understand a lot of times I do these things, I kind of keep to myself so I understand like trying to get people, but it's a group of three. So I mean it's really not too hard to get
No, we did not actually.
My
group did a little bit of that. The only thing I was trying to get across was just diversity in general. Like what do you want for type of things on the campus? And I thought, well some people are into sports, some people like you obviously are not, some people learn to different things to get a diverse, you know, the example of uses. I'm not in the Pokemon for the record. I said some people are into sports, some people are in the Pokemon, so have different types of things for different people, not culturally
diverse, just diverse in general.
Yeah, sort of, uh,
Go chase Pokemon. Yeah, I know a few people and I've seen people when I've been out doing things that like, what are them guys doing? I live in rural Wisconsin like you should be stopped. Oh, they're on their phone. There's a whole crew of them there. I'm assuming they're chasing Pokemon. They'll just park wherever these because I know some people that are into it. So there's just polka stops, it could be your backyard, could be anywhere, could be in a domino's pizza place. So people just
congregate
and yeah, it's something else.
Yeah. They're leaving,
come
on
time capsules.
that's about as accurate descriptions you have. I like playing video games. I like doing lots of different things. I've like, I've got lots of
nature's.
Yeah. I just built a PC. Uh, so I've been loading it with games and last night played some tabletop simulator, which is just like, you know, and a couple other card games with some buddies online. It's been a
good thing to run into with all the stuff going on being and we'll play online with folks.
That's
my favorite game
left
Dead. I love that game. Favorite game by far.
Oh, I haven't played in so long.
Oh,
I listen to everything. I mean, my mom listens to some pretty soft mellow, like Enya and Carpenters.
So I I mean
that's not my
favorite but I can dig stuff like that I like like classic rock. Uh The one thing I do not really care for is newer country,
My wife loves it, Not a fan.
I love comedy, anything that makes me laugh. I'm kind of a clown myself.
No
I did not.
but I got a pretty obnoxious voice, so I usually don't hear much from a bad one. Mhm. Uh huh.
All
night,
Stop.
It's
yep, I got it pulled up, probably watch it. I'm assuming there's some post survey after this. Yeah.
Uh huh.
No Little Girl, That's two
Year Old Girl.
I am stuck
with lots
of females in my
life.
No pets. The kids are animals enough.
We had a hamster.
Yeah, it was
What? You gotta clean that bank out
Isn't that a pain?
No.
I will.
Sounds
good,
enjoy your week, enjoy your day of fun chatting.
All right later.