mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. What? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm, mm.
What's the point? Mhm. Hi. Oh, let me get my fingers. Sorry. One suck.
Okay. Hi.
Good. Let me see your hat. I have no idea what that is.
He's
in the
fish. Oh my God, it's the crackers. Okay. Well, I was looking at the negative space inside the G, the green and I was like, what is that? Okay. Yeah, it's a big g. Yeah. Are you from Wisconsin or you just go to school there?
Okay. What's Wisconsin known for other than nice cheese?
That's probably some of the best domestic cheese we've got. And the packers, of course,
bear. What kind of beer in Wisconsin? Do they make it there or
just like drink
lot?
Mm. If you didn't. Oh, is that one of the packers behind you?
Who's
number 4? Oh my God, that's like a football grid. They felt like a gridiron on them.
Well.
Right that's
cool, good wife, that's nice.
Who are famous Packers players? I don't know anything about football.
Never heard of him. I've heard of Brett Farr but not Aaron Rodgers?
Who's
Aaron?
That's really old.
Yeah that made my toe. Okay. Maybe I do know something about football. Old football.
no no no no no no no sports no I like football but like real football nut. American football.
No but I know real football and Australian rules football is is interesting. Not my favorite but I like Manchester United. Glory Glory Man United.
What?
they're kind of a scrap and team kind of like providence used to be Basketball back in the 90s,
correct?
kind of but no but yeah
more special than hockey, it's pretty physical. Um Yeah not really into sports, nope, I'm a little probably too nerdy for them,
the
um I like to read
and
everything, anything doesn't matter.
Uh I have Mhm.
Try audiobooks, seriously try audiobooks, if you're not into looking at the printed word, try an audiobook, hit your library up and And try one out. Um Yeah, Stephen King books are okay, I have a kind of thing about Stephen King, but I don't really share it, he's good until the last couple of chapters and then it just kind of right,
who
what?
It sucks, it really it sucks in the middle of the books, he kind of throws this stuff in there, I think just to make sure you're paying attention because it has absolutely nothing to do with anything and I keep waiting for these little insignificant details to pop up later, it's like, oh that doesn't seem important but I might want to hold on to that because it might be important or give me some sort of insight into something but it doesn't. So he's not really um one of my favorites, I went to the library pregnant fan. I went to the library and started going through all of the audiobooks. Um one more like, I don't know how to use a fan went throughout the audio books and fiction and it's still not all of it. I started in A and I got as far as G. And I can recommend to do like history.
Okay. Well good uh um fiction writers that do historical fiction. Clive Cussler and can fall it. They kind of take what if but not like a parallel kind of universe, but they take, okay, so they take guys today. Oh there was a movie made with Matthew McConaughey about one of his things. Uh huh She where was that? Anyway, was cool. But they'll take these really um incredible, unbelievable modern day scenario and tie it to history. Like they'll go on some kind of archaeological dig or go do some exploring, they're like, oh hey in the middle of the in south America, there's this german submarine in the middle of the, how did that get there? And then they go and you know, do a fake history about and it's plausible. It is believable, not plausible but it is believable. That's really cool. So historical fiction. I like historical fiction. Clive Cussler and ken follett. Those are like kind of guy authors and they were really good stories and they don't right, like tom Clancy writes really technical or wrote really technical and here is really good too. But these guys don't right, so technical that you can't understand it, it's really easy to understand and good stories, good characters.
sorry. Yeah.
It's a generational thing.
You
had other
interests.
And you end up reading the same thing for fun times and it's still like go go with an audiobook, definitely recommend audiobooks. You can, if you've got time, if you're doing something else, you can just throw it on youtube and uh see see what happens for you. So do you have kids?
And it's so quiet.
Good morning. I don't I don't get kids. How many kids have never wanted kids? I don't know. So I'm probably about your parents age, what are you like? 26?
I couldn't Oh,
Like
I could be, could be. But
so just a couple years older.
Well you're 34 and you've only got the two, so are you? You know, not gonna bring a whole lot more into the world?
Two is good. Yeah.
What?
And Well two is good and true is good.
So what
do you do?
I have a car?
But
Hendrickson.
Okay, that's cool.
I got a job.
You're still working
so
what?
Don't get spoiled.
I mean I do things but uh network, I'm retired early. I'm just kidding. I lost my job at the beginning of the pandemic.
It is I did something or the job that I had was working in retail and I had gone into a different position in retail. Into the back and shipping and receiving and it's textiles garments. So when they come in we have to stick the little plastic tag barb tag with a tag, you know, with our own tag on it. So I was doing that and I just started doing that and that's, I can't do them, I can't do that and because I had to stop doing that and there wasn't another place at the time and I couldn't get a doctor's appointment due to the pandemic. Actually, I got one, this happened in february and I got one, but then they kept putting it off because the pantomime kind of finally got in june the first, but I lost my job because they wouldn't let me work wearing a splint without a specific doctors note telling saying that I can't do a specific action assholes, but I lost my job.
Um I'll be fighting that because the guy did um make me go do that job anyway, that I wasn't supposed to be doing so kind of irritating.
I'm bitter.
Happy
belated
birthday!
here's some cake. See? Uh wow,
that's that's
tough. What kind of music do you listen to do you do you have telling do the kids let you listen to your own stuff?
Did I break something? I hear you? Oh ha ha ha. Hello,
I'm listening. Shut. Okay.
Still good. No, maybe, wow, Okay. Hello?
Um
Mhm. That action.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay, this is uh
I don't know, I don't see, I hear you All right.
this
is mr
this is so messed up, mm. Okay.
Mhm
it's
not my hair here. Mhm. Mhm. Hey, Okay. Okay.
Yeah, thank you.
Okay, mm hmm. Okay,
That's rough.
Mhm.
Yeah. No kidding.
I will. Thank
you. Thank you.
Who's wrongful termination?
I believe so. No, it's not. Okay. Yeah, I guess you can't hear me. Can you see me?
I look weird. Yeah. Mhm.
Is that Mhm. Hey?
Yeah. Oh, so it's me? Okay.
Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Damn. It's probably me. Seriously?
No, no keep
going, keep going, keep going. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay.
yeah, I sure can
thank.
No.
What?
Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm.
Okay. Well, I'm sorry about your friend getting fired on your birthday. That's that's that sucks. And so you like sour beers?
Yeah. Yeah. I kind of I have made this. I thought you could see me at first. Just not here,
you
know?
Well,
you did great. That was like a nine minute. Yeah,
that was that was really good.
I'm impressed. Okay.
I would have picked something up from my desk and started reading it. Second scan, open power dot com on. Yeah. Okay. All right. Mhm. Heinz ketchup. It's red.
Is it just green or is it like I said drink it for the kids?
Okay. No boy.
Oh, I went, oh yeah, I guess green slime was in your era.
Who was that girl with the big hair? I wanted to say moves, but I think that she was like one of the first ones, because I did actually see some of those when it came out and it was kind of surprising.
Well, it's been a minute. That's okay. So what does your timer say? 26:30?
Uh Oh you were you were here before? I was all right I guess. I don't
know.
Three.
Well,
gotta Yeah.
Yeah. The timer starts from the moment you get to this survey page, so it may already show some time has passed when you first see it. That means it's not a perfect way to keep track of your conversation time, but you may find it useful. Anyway, remember, keep up the conversation for at least 25 minutes and you did, You carried that conversation? Could china
Ryan
and so
how how are you enjoying? Terrific? Right.
Oh gosh. I signed up for something. I don't remember what it was, but it was like put it it's like dumps, it didn't didn't give me this one right here that you have this. And this was after I I started prolific. It was like, sorry, you're not a match. And I'm like, well that's a waste of my time. So whatever that is, I don't log into it anymore. I don't remember what it was.
you know that there's a a chrome extension that will tell you when prolific has new studies available. Mhm.
Oh I had three or four different tabs with prolific open because it's like log in again. So I hit log
in and it opens another tab but You can have like 50 towns open. It doesn't even matter. But uh yeah, the extension is pretty nice. The high dollar ones. Unfortunately, I don't seem to get in on except this, this is this is my second time doing this and they said repeats welcome. So I was like, okay and this has gone a lot better than the last one because I was like uh huh. Uh Yeah, I just it was somebody I think he was like in his early 20s, he had just started med school. It's like yeah, yeah, nice for him. And and he's uh not at school right now, he's back with his parents, but he's doing like tele learning and stuff because of the pandemic. Isn't that crazy? I never thought I would say something like this
kind
of work.
No.
it
like 975 people in zoo?
I was why 186?
Yeah, I did that.
That
was like
follow up. No, it was I was the only person. Okay. So there were two of us on camp and one of them one of the people not on camera said, oh can you share your screen to one of the only other people on camera to the other girl out with on camera? So she shared her screen rather than the woman pulling the stuff up on her own device or PC. And I don't know, I don't use my phone for anything except playing stupid games. I do all this stuff on the desktop so much easier. Um So she pulled up her screen to show the questions about the school, campus life or whatever, did you have the same topic? Yeah, so she pulled that up and I was like okay and and turn the thing off because it was weird being on display next to this still taxpaying.
Oh I didn't mind it like 10. He must have been at that all day long.
local,
I'm in Central.
Well maybe it was 1030.
I am.
Okay, Ma'am, it's still 30. Oh by the way, I am from Arkansas. I was born in Memphis and went to school there for a while. And when I was a kid, we moved to Arkansas. So I'm definitely a southern. I have been through Illinois once on my way to D. C. That's it. How you doing there? Packer fan? The way the biscuits.
you're chasing.
So I had this one woman was from India or something India, Pakistan Bangladesh, not sure. Um, but I was like, what kind of sucks though, that not everyone had cameras because how can you tell how diverse people are just from and, and the other three were like midwestern accents, no accent, nothing, just kind of, you know, and she had a different accent, but um, I was not fulfilled by that exercise. I did not enjoy it at all. They were like, how are, how are you going to include people? And all they did was repeat everything that was in that video, just list off things. And I was like, yeah okay.
34 We were in room one. We have four in our group, sort of The one guy with Klein, did you guys share your weaknesses?
I was the only one that shared a weakness. They were like, well, what are we supposed to do? And I said, well, the last thing he said was, you can start by sharing weaknesses. So so during the campus live questions so what can we do? And I was like, well, obviously my weaknesses food. So I think I think, oh God, I think there could be more um uh culturally diverse food events. That's not really what I said. But they seem to take everything about campus life. Um and make it all about cultural diversity. And that really wasn't the assignment. That was the assignment was just answer the questions right? But they answered them according to what was in the video which was the description of our group, not a description of the assignment but everything they had was about cultural diversity. And I'm like okay you go with
them.
and
I'm not grown ups here that are into Pokemon Pokemon go
where they were a few years ago and I was like no really it's bad enough that you sit around watching cartoons and eating cheetos. Yeah you don't have to do that too.
Gotta
catch along.
That's uh that's weird to me
I guess it's no different than geo tracking or geo cashing or
whatever
People you know looking for those capsules of stuff that's like from the 90s. I don't even know if that's a thing anymore.
right. They would be now so quickly. What's your hobby? What is your hobby other than the packers? Because that seems to be more of a way of life for you? Not really a hobby. Yeah.
Other
stripes and stuff on steam or?
Uh
And um yeah I like some video games. They're okay. I like I have a steam. I haven't logged in in like two years now. You could have like guild wars and left for dead. Left for dead two
cameras,
parent half like. Oh yeah
great.
tell you about my buddy keith. I say that nobody gets it. It's like nobody knows who keep it is not 80° burns over 90% of his body. Absolutely love Ellis. And what's her name? Nicole. This is like left four dead 2. It's not the ones with bill and Francis and moments.
I think it's Nicole. There's nick who's kind of an asshole. There's Elvis who's the hick, There's coach, big burly black dude and there's Nicole the girl and she's wearing a Depeche Mode t shirt of pink Depeche mint. Yeah.
And depression was one of my favorite bands. Yeah. Well it's my five favorite. The others are are way different. You probably wouldn't guess that there would be my favorite men's. What about you music you listen to. Yeah, that's where I was asking you and then I lost you somehow.
Well,
according
to
wrap. Oh wow. New country. Yeah. Okay.
I've got to tell you about this. The guy's name is bo Burnham, B O B. U R N. H A. M. And he's got a country song and you really should check that out on Youtube. Um If you don't like Yeah, it's really he's a comedian and it's so funny and so true. And yeah, you can do it now if you want. I don't care. It's really, really funny. One of the funniest things I've seen in a while and that's kind of sad because I've seen it like founded about two years ago. It's a great song. Yeah.
No, I wouldn't be able to tell that. Okay mm Not voodoo new studies available. Did you hear that? I don't know if I've got the stereo mix
and
Okay, new studies available on for the fake
I don't hear a lot when I'm typing because people say that I typed really angrily. Which is why I can't use a mechanical keyboard because it would be like, you know, it's it's ticky ticky ticky tacky enough. But then when I type it sleep I'm actually typing words. But yeah that's what it sounds like. And it's like one of these really so after K.
Keywords.
So it's okay, I've got the Microsoft version of that and it sucks. The only thing the plus about that is that the num pad is not connected so I can key with that. I can use my mouth and then kill it that with my left hand. Yeah. It's just nice kids. I hear him now. Yeah. That's my gift to you. That's my belated birthday kit and you bo
Burnham. That that country song. I don't know what he called it. Pandering,
that's what he called it. Pandering.
Uh Yeah there was last time. It's just like a few questions. It's like did either of you dominate the conversation or you know blah blah blah blah. Uh Sounds like you probably need to get to it. Oh,
that's your baby, A little boy,
one
okay. Are they both girls or? Okay.
I
don't know.
Six,
six years apart. Give pets
fish.
Oh that's too much work
and it's a way too much work. I have a cat. I'm not a cat person. Long story. How I got a cat? Not going to get into that spare you. I'm more of a dog person. But fish. Fish. If I had it again, I would not get this freaking cat, I would be getting fish again.
Not account.
It depends on what kind of fish you get. If you get goldfish in a bowl, they excrete. Like they pay ammonia. Are they paying like like us, it's like ammonia turns to ammonia. So you have to like change that bowl every day because that's their toilet. But if they're tropical fish and you have a good filtration system, you have to worry about that so much and you can get a thing a robot cleaner that will clean the sides of the tank. That's probably really expensive though
more than I'm willing to invest in some fish. But they've got a magnet when you put one piece on the inside, one piece on the outside and drag it around the glass and that will clean the inside, relate. But enjoy your song really. You'll love it. You can thank me for it.
Well you can thank me for it, but enjoy it. Your
wife
made it
to. It was nice nice talking with you as well.
Go go packers