close.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
Um This is my second one actually. I had my first yesterday.
That one was very interesting, I would say. Um I talked with like an older lady and we kind of like talked about her job and all that stuff, so Yeah, it was cool. Huh?
How does all these like surveys? Can you just keep on signing up for them? Is that how much?
That,
I'm kind of new to all this stuff, so just learn it.
Are you um Alright. Do you want me to just ask you some questions then get to know each other?
All right. Are you in college? You look pretty young
in college? Yeah, I'm in college as well.
Oh wait, me too upward. Okay. Soft words. Okay.
Yeah. Online schooling. Uh um What state are you from?
Wait, I'm I'm living in Houston.
I'm
like South Heart.
Oh League city. Okay.
If
I say my city, I don't know if you'll know it, it's kind of like lesser known um Pure land.
Okay. I like that. Yeah. Yeah.
What competitions?
that's a cheek. Mhm.
what's so
weird? Small
world. Small world. Small
world.
How big.
Wait we might have like tried out together. I don't know. It might be possible.
I didn't make it. I didn't make it
though.
Uh I don't know about that one.
that's a wow, what a small world.
Well you said Houston I was like oh
and you know my city?
Oh my god that's rare. It's rare
bro.
Yeah since like everything's online schooling um My parents were just like okay we're just going to stay at home, I was like oh well but it's all.
I know I want to I would prefer to stay on campus, you know? But it is what it is, yeah.
Okay. So you go to school in Philly? Oh, so far away. Gosh.
Um I go to school at University of texas at Dallas. Like
still. Yeah. Utd you know, not the best school but Oh well. Whatever. Yeah. Whatever
you are
in that.
Are they also sophomore? Yeah. Okay.
What's their names
seen?
You seen sounds very familiar. I don't think I've formally met them, but how does that name sound? So familiar? Is
thin
possibly we can
get to know.
I can get to know them.
Wait a second row.
I don't know them. But look, I get emails from your scene
because you're seen as a like a chemistry s I I don't know if you know that it's like kind of like a tutoring sh kind of person for like a like yeah, like a course. Wait
look
at
life.
Wait look I don't know if you can see it but like
the
scene.
Whoa,
Yeah. Damn. That's so weird. I would like to
15
sounds so familiar. I was like, where did I hear that from? Scene? Yeah.
Good.
Sorry, what's your name? I'll tell you my name.
Isabelle has some years ago I'm William and well now I kind of want to like email. You've seen what we kind of were like, hey, I met your friend Isabel. Really good survey thing.
I'm doing engineering. Electrical engineering. I know like let me die.
I'm
struggling.
It's a different world. Yeah.
What about you
resign
ruling?
Uh huh. I see all your pictures on your back. It's kind of cool.
The bob ross and dragons. Mondo Del Rey. Oh, Miles Morales and everything. Okay.
The apartment of
Absolutely.
So you're into like art and all that stuff. Okay.
I took, yeah. I took like, um in high school, I took like a class. I took animation and audio video production, a V Tech. So I kind of know something so like definitely not as much as you. Of course.
Some innovation. Yeah.
No.
Well,
yeah, you want to get everything right?
All
I do know maya yeah. Do you know what to actually recently installed a blender if you know what that is. Yeah,
blender hard. It's
man.
Yeah, blender is just, I don't know. Okay. Maybe it's because I just don't have the basics down, but you know, it is, it is something.
So are you coming back for winter break or are you just staying there for the rest of the semester?
uh He's.
Yeah of course of course. Don't forget that you know dog most importantly I got you man's best friend
structure.
Um Dude I don't know because like I'm thinking like okay preferably I would want to stay on campus right? But because like for utd like classes are like kind of weird was like okay everything I think everything next semester is online but I don't know if my parents will let me go back on campus. It's like you know
Mhm.
So yeah. What ethnicity are you if I may ask.
Oh me too.
I might not look okay. This lighting makes me look hella dark. I can see my face. I am pretty dark for a chinese person. But that's like because like you know I love swimming outside and all that going outside like darker for chinese. Yeah
I know
bro. Well.
No just for fun. Lord have mercy. I can't swim competitively.
No
I can't swim that fast.
I'm
really sorry you go first.
Uh I guess just freestyle then. Yeah. What about you?
Butterfly You know I could just tell somehow I could
just
tell you. Just tell.
my
Holy.
All like uh you're gonna get standing over a goddamn
and
listen.
Yeah I just swim like recreational you know never competitive. Yeah
because whenever I was younger I tried out for peak and and I was like small boy right? I didn't even go through puberty and then like uh and I tried out for the team and it was like I couldn't make it grow and after
ever since I just like I just like the community pools or something just for fun.
Um everything just recreationally, but I do play tennis, you play football once in a while with
the friends, the buns. What about you? Just swimming
room?
impressive.
Ooh.
He's
like,
no,
the giants.
So figure skating. So like the gallery is your favorite then I'm guessing.
That's pretty fine.
I
know, I know where I-45. Remember we're both from Houston?
I can come on
great.
I
put
it
friend.
The complex. Yeah.
Hey, it's still open. Good.
So whether it should be like completely opposite, right? Because you're in like pennsylvania?
No.
you
can feel
it. Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah. How's the wind?
Center
interesting.
Okay. What about the Philly cheesesteak? Tell me about the world right
now is really cheesesteak.
Does it live up to the hate? Mhm.
Who? Mhm.
It's
wrong.
It's kind of far away. Not gonna lie.
Houston. So you went to high school in Houston? Right. Yeah. What high school did you go to
buy?
I creaked. I've heard of it. Yeah.
that's all right. All right. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's
okay. We have we really haven't. Oh, actually we have three now. Um See the thing is the fairyland is I feel like it's just not known, you know,
nobody really knows about it. Um We have we have people in high school, we have Glenda Dawson High school and then we have turner high school. Like, you know, like I said, it's just like not even well known, No one knows what pure land is. I'm so sad.
sad. Everyone's like oh I'm from Katie, I'm from Sugar Land and all that. Yeah.
I know.
Yeah. Yeah saying Houston is just easier. Honestly
I am. Um I cut back on a bunch of clubs this semester that everything's online. Um I'm like I don't know if you know what like a fan head is do you like? Okay so I'm in chinese student association at my school and yeah.
Yeah I have to you know and uh so we have like a bunch of like subsections where um we have like I don't explain this, we have like This year it's a lot less members but usually we have like 30 members in like a family and then we'll have like two or three leaders that like kinda take care of this family. I don't know. It's okay. It sounds weird when you say it out
loud but
it's just like
a big friend group pretty much.
Yeah. What about you?
wait, what are clubs reject? I didn't know clubs in general reject people.
I didn't know clubs rejecting people in general.
Is your school kind of like a public school or is it like a mainly art focus school,
definitely private? Oh,
Yeah.
Yeah. Check being a, like in a club, Sorry, I'm not trying to rub it into your face, but I'm like,
wow, I'm
not surprised. I never heard that.
I think it's okay. Well I'm like not a big like party person to be honest. I know UtD is kind of like a stem focus school, right? And I'm stem pretty much and I'm like not like a huge party person so it's like, it's okay. But I feel like utd you should ask your friend about this. I feel like Utd school spirit is like dead bro. It's like there's nothing bro like
Super
dad.
I
no.
Yeah.
Guards
it.
Worst time ever. Really?
All
About
why do you have the worst time?
I feel you.
All those like science courses like, and I'm telling you, you know, because I have to take it. It's it is tough out here.
Yeah, It's just different. Like honestly college courses are just so much less like forgiving
through and some
people don't even look like it ro
fruit.
Like
I have like a bunch of like goofy friends, right? Like I made like friends with like a bunch of people and we're doing, we're doing chemistry homework this one night and we're like all like monkeying around and like the study room and then like afterwards like, like everyone's like actually like genius row, everyone's like actually super smart
college is different
bro.
The wind always.
What's holy crap
my gosh,
by any chance or any of the Air's girls and single.
All
right, by any chance or any of the Air's girls in singles because you know, you can hook you can hook me up. I got you, I'll give you some too
shoot. You got it then.
okay.
that's
Biden's granddaughter dude, what the heck?
Like I just celebrities over there
and uh huh
Well this is so weird, right? Uh
It
sure. I'm absolutely, I mean if you return winter break it's possible we can be like, you know, like in real life friends possibly if you're okay with that.
I do. Okay.
And
me too. Don't worry.
Okay. I guess I'll give you my instagram. It's, will? T he?
Yeah, because my last name is H. E.
Okay. This is just
too similar. This is too similar.
Okay. I followed you back. Yeah.
No, the connections
holistic.
Yeah. Better up, Better up with the clutch bro. Uh
Nice meeting you.
If you ever want to talk, we can hit each other on instagram or would you rather want my Snapchat because I go on Snapchat more.
yeah. Okay. I feel like ever since quarantine like all my social media just kind of dead. Yeah, supposed to Isabel
you,
Oh wait, let me try that. Okay. What? Oh my gosh, it worked.
Well. It's just subscribed can even be your friend. Kind of kind
of weird
but
in
arrears. Hi, so you?
Mhm. Sure. Okay. Dude, wait, I low key. Is it okay if I take a picture of like us like calling because I want
to say this in the memories. This is like so cool. Uh Oh my gosh, this is so cool.
Shout out to fetter up whoever is reviewing this footage.
No. Okay. I had a great time talking to you as the ville.
I
guess.
Alright. Adios! Have a nice day.