Hello. Hello. That was a bit too loud. This should be better. All right. Hello how are you?
Okay Don't be nervous. I won't
bite
me.
Uh No I think we can choose our own topics. So I suggest we switch a bit of uh from our favorite topics. But I start then you
can take over whenever you want. So so where do you live
correct?
I live in also in the USa I'm not from I am not I'm not I'm not an american citizen, I'm from Belgium from brussels in Belgium but since two years ago I moved to new york which is
where I'm going from now which is also pretty
urban. But I have to admit I didn't get the name of your city
Cleveland. Yes of course.
No. I drove past uh sort of recall when I went to visit family who lives in um ann arbor michigan and then I drove past Ohio. I drove through Ohio and I think I drove past Cleveland
but it's a it's a while ago so.
No I was born in Belgium in brussels
quite
ago.
Mhm. I have a
gentle opinion about
pretty much everyone so
the Tarragona came to live here so I shouldn't complain.
It's weird it's absolutely weird but
I don't know if you if you feel like
discussing politics but well I don't think you chose the best american to be your president so.
it's weird. Right It's
and do you have friends who are from trump supporters?
Well
well you can
you
can scare
them you could call them this this meeting and tell them you know what
biden has chosen Obama to be his running mate and see what happens.
Okay. Well happens in every family. It's it's it's it's my family as well. I have an uncle who's an right witnessed and that is very scary
and that makes for very sometimes very tense christmas dinners.
dear. Oh dear,
got that.
of course.
And the thing is that we're all convinced of our own reason of
being right. So it's harder. Right,
Yeah. So you're cautious all the time.
Well, I come from a country that after the elections there have been elections like a year and four months ago and we still don't have a government. So hey, I'm not blaming anything, I'm not pointing fingers, we are just as bad as everybody else's.
To think about 10, 10 - 15. But the thing is that Belgium is a bilingual country. There's a there is a dutch picking part and as a french speaking part. So every party has
the dutch speaking version of that party and they in the french speaking party which makes it even more complex.
I have
no idea. Yeah,
but I think it can, it's a minority of french pickers In Belgium, it's like 50 50.
Yeah I absolutely
agree.
yeah
okay We are in 10 minutes. Well that's good.
yeah since two years we moved two years ago and it is a very
different from Belgium. I think I live now, I live now in a city
that is that has uh just as much people
in it as my whole country has. So all right,
so it's quite a change.
We are, we have a small apartment here, we used to have a big one where I come from, but this is this has changed now. Yeah, I think we're down to 50% of the size. But hey, we live in New York. So we got a beautiful park here. So we love it. It's just uh
since Covid everything has changed so much. So we'll see. We'll see what happens next year if we all still have a job.
You hear
that?
Yes. But we, I think we are doing good now because we, we had it really bad in March and april. So we sort of learned our lesson and I think that everybody else had a
much better time in March and april and well we sort of learned our lesson
and where mosques and keep our distance
and you guys did, you guys didn't have
to because it wasn't that bad over there and I was the other way around.
I think in most stores in new york it's even forbidden to even enter without
So
What?
Yeah I can get up on the other hand I can get that. I mean these people have a lot of lots of space around them. I mean we are with a lot of people. We are urban both of us. We are with a lot of people on on a very small surface so we just have to wear a mask if you would be out in the country that it's so much easier to keep your distance and if you can keep your distance I think you're not inclined to wear a mask or as as other people do. I can I can imagine that. I mean it's not it's not just a one size fits all cure we were talking about here A complex beast.
Absolutely.
Great.
How
does that happen?
Okay. Yeah. It makes me it's sad mostly I'm not
angry about it but it's a bit saddening. I mean you sort of expect people to be smarter but then again on the other hand maybe they expect me to be smarter as well. I mean it's it's always a point of view except that I thought we sort of agreed on science. I mean there's no point of view on science. One plus one is
two how however you turn him? I thought we agreed on that and
if you extrapolate
that yeah but apparently we don't agree on science anymore so.
Well
good
ignorance strange
they
have
it and chamber
scary.
we started
and then we can go on again.
Well it's not we are not
absolutely
not.
Well it's it's against a lot of people's agenda. Or fortune or money to be well what's what's what's the use of of having a clean earth if you can't live it?
Mhm.
Okay. Let's have something else you'd
like to
travel.
All
No.
Insulin.
Okay. That's the day. Spiritual. Yeah.
Yeah.
Same here. I'm I'm a hardcore atheist. I don't believe it. I don't believe in religion. Absolutely not. So and I'm also afraid of what religion can do. So religion is so often used as an excuse for other other issues to to be tackled on, which is so bad. I mean, a lot of, a lot of wars that have started have come with the excuse of, well, we don't like your religion or but we're actually about a lot of about something else about money or or well, other things, geopolitical things.
I think, yeah, I think you're absolutely right. I think that fear is a really bad motivator and a lot of people cling and cling to certainties that other people offer them just based on fear. So we should all be courageous and fight those. Right? That's not easy. That's not easy because
a lot of people, a lot of people will tell us off
all the time. Yeah, because having, having your own opinion is not popular.
They just
work
themselves
I've
read these stories about people who just lost half of their family here in new york to covid and it happened during it happened just over a week and it's like you're gone, that's a family, it's gone.
We
are close, we are close, we are over 150,000 dead in less than four months, so we are very close actually to that.
And uh and the idiot in charge doesn't move because it's against his own interest. Which Okay, so
we're back to politics. So sorry for that.
Yeah. So, what's your favorite
truth? Something completely different now? What's your favorite food you
like? Fish?
Mhm.
Well, I just made muscles yesterday,
so I really like those post
as
well. just a bit of one. Yeah. I steam them open with a bit of
I'm now I'm getting hungry. See what, see what's happening here. So and I'll be after cooking just a few minutes. So
almost that
time.
Okay. I think that I think we just have to do one or two minutes. But I think that after this video we can just go back to the previous page
because
are you on a phone or on a on an ipad or on our
laptop?
You made it so that's good.
Yeah. That's a tool that we just use it for something else. I don't know. I think we can just close the page but not the browser and
then we come to
I'm
here
now hurry.
Yes. And and we can't we can't do that.
So
well, it was nice talking to you.
Absolutely.
No worries.
I will think about seafood now and start making dinner. All
But
stricter by