Yeah. Yeah wow. Mhm. Yeah.
How to find a little nervous?
Well
I know
I know I'm not sure what are we getting topics to chat about or what's,
all
Oh I live in the United States in Ohio a city
called blend um Pretty urban area. How about yourself?
Our,
well
What Cleveland? Ohio
yeah not too far from new york.
Well okay.
Yeah so you're obviously you're not born in America.
Welcome. Right so
what do you,
well I'm sure you have a pretty uh pretty strong opinion about americans. Um
I
do
I know we're in a bad spot. Huh? We got
right. It's a terrible time though right now isn't it?
it's very
all
All right terrible. It's just it's embarrassing. It's embarrassing you know it's uh people love this man you know and I just can't wrap my head around it. I almost felt betrayed as an american. I feel betrayed, you know by by my fellow americans. Um It's just bad news. It's like poison water, you know, it's just getting a lot. Everybody's sick. I mean it's just, you know, people, some people like that authoritarian type of close minded, I'm right, you're wrong type of thing. But I just didn't think this is where we would end up. Yeah.
I just was amazing to me and I live in America. It's amazing. You know it
Yeah. My mom and dad. Yeah, so family dinners are a little awkward. Um and
my brother, my brother flies a big trunk flag over his front door. Yeah. So
yeah, it's
hard.
We
are
right. Yeah. Yeah. They, you know, they didn't believe Obama was a citizen and it's just the whole thing, They just fell for it. Hook line and sinker.
Well.
Very yeah we can no longer discuss it. We can't it can't be brought. We all just said we can't do we can't talk about it. It's just immediately everybody goes from 0 to 10 you know everybody starts out calm and in 10 seconds everybody's screaming and yelling and uh huh.
Oh yeah it's bad. Yeah
my husband and I are anti trump and my mother and my father and my brother and his wife are pro trump. So um you know it's just everything they say it's just like I can't believe you believe that stuff you know they eat it up you know and I don't know why I think about it all the time. How did why do I feel the way I do politically and my family feels different why? You know why? And I just can't
part of it's generational, but my brother is my age, so I'm not, it's not generational with him of course with parents, it's, you know, generational. So that's their excuse I guess my parents, it's it's generational. They're they're from a different generation, you know? But my brother, I can't explain that. Yeah.
you're right.
um, other than really, other than my family, I don't talk to politics about anybody else when like americans, when I run into somebody real quick, it's just hi, how are you? And politics is just not brought up very much when you first meet people, you know, it's awkward. You don't, yeah, you don't know what, what to say, You might say something and they might punch in the nose, you know?
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it probably seems in europe, I'm sure Europeans are wondering what is going on in the United States.
How many parties are in Belgium? How many political parties?
What?
Oh man, yeah, I almost like Canada because there's Canadians in french
speaking.
Yeah,
Oh it is okay, wow. I think it would be better to have more political parties. You said you have 15 different, we only basically have to, you know, I always thought it would be better to have Different different parties that had as much power as the two parties.
That's
yeah, I mean, you know as many people, you want to bring as many people to the table as you can, you know, having two parties is very limiting and they're very powerful parties both of them. So a third or fourth party would just get knocked right out, you know? But how are we doing on time? Let's see. Oh
my gosh.
Okay. Yeah I thought it was okay good. All right so now you're in new york right now? Okay.
What
breath?
Look.
wow
that's unbelievable wow. New york is so tight you know it says so all those people in a little area. Yeah. Mhm
wow.
Right. Yeah I just went back to work myself. I didn't work for quite a few months I was off ah I put the child and he's metal his medical conditions so we just stop working for till till june I
went
back and yeah so so it's good to be back to work for me um And my work is safe I mean it's just the child and I he doesn't really go anywhere so he's not around a lot of people so I'm glad to be back at work but a lot of people and Cleveland or not but new york is doing good. Are you guys are really beating the covid?
Well
What?
Well
Well
it's terrible. I don't understand why people won't wear a mask, I wear one. Mhm.
Well mm. Yes
and yeah and in Cleveland you also have to wear a mask whenever I go to the grocery store, that's the only place I go. Everybody has a mass gun where I live, everybody is in the community has been wearing a mask pretty much from what I see. Um Because Cleveland is
more urban, seems like in a lot of the rural areas people don't want to wear the mask. You know and there's little the little towns in the little city, you know the little uh rural areas, they're not doing so well.
It's very simple. It's very simple but it's become a political topic and it should be a science, a science or a health topic, it shouldn't be political politicized.
I
I don't understand that either you know? Um Science people just don't I don't even know how to say if people don't think science is real or I can't
I can't even
I can't even think of come up with the words. It's so ridiculous. Yeah. You know but it's inferior. It's very it makes me very angry.
What?
Well
I
could still.
Yeah and I
don't think some people think oh well if the science is from a certain university that it's it's flawed or they have one way of thinking that that's not true. People say that to dismiss science, they'll dismiss science by saying,
um, you know, that that came from a university. They had an agenda and it's an easy way to dismiss the truth. Yes. You know, um making
everyone, yeah, I'm ignoring it or making it illegitimate. Like it doesn't it's not real when it is. And people can believe that you can get out of things by saying, oh, that science isn't true. Those scientists are dirty. They're, you know, they're they're working for the democrats. They have
an
agenda,
right? They have an agenda and it's just the easy way for dumb people to get out of the truth, I guess. That's how I see it, that's how I, you know, that's how I take it in, that's it's amazing. So
it's like, yeah, and again, it's like, I can't even having trouble coming up with the words because it's so crazy to me, you know? So I don't know. But right. We should all agree on science for sure.
That's right.
Yeah. Yeah. It's almost like when they thought the earth was the center of the universe, you know, and you know, or the earth,
Yeah. I thought
we were
right. Well, global warming, many people don't believe global warming is real. Yeah.
Right. You're right. And there are people, it is a it is against their agenda. Omitting that climate change exists, doesn't go with their agenda. So they just say, oh, well, it's not true. It's fake. The fake news. Oh yeah, it's fake, that science isn't real. That's fake. And there's a percentage of people that believe it, no matter what it is, you can always get people to believe it. So, you know, I think there's just a lot of sad, like you said, it's sad, a lot of sad people and they just are so miserable. They just want to spread their misery or you know, and they, they come across as these overly religious uh people who think they're patriotic and you know, law, you know, strong law abiding people, but really they're, they're immoral, lying liars really, you know, So yeah,
I should try to think of something different than politics because
and
that.
Yeah, no, but I like science and I read lots of um lots of articles about black holes in the universe, how
the universe is expanding. And
I often uh I don't believe in God, but I believe in uh you know, some kind of, I believe in the big big bang, but I believe there's got something how to create everything. I certainly, I'm not religious, but it really, it really something I think about it a lot, I'll be driving in the car thinking about different, what could different universes be like and, and
you know, why, why are we here and where did we come from? And I mean it's really as I'm getting older, I think about it a lot and I'm intrigued by it
yeah, I
was saying spiritual, I'm not, I don't believe in religion though.
yeah, or even, you know, slave owners in this country, they were religious, church people, biblical people and they were, they owned slaves and plantations and yeah, I don't know how people, uh you know, I couldn't do it myself, you know, but I feel I'm so strongly feel my beliefs are so strong to me. I get other people who have crazy beliefs there, so probably still strong to them too. They cling on, you know, we all cling onto our beliefs. It helps us figure the world out. But I think you're fearful. You really cling onto very tight beliefs. You're not open. Yeah.
Now
what?
It's not when I was young, I was so naive. You know, I thought the people in charge knew what was happening and we're telling us the truth. When I was younger, I thought, you know the men in the suits and the ties you know that were in charge, everything was under control. And as I got older I realized how naive these people are crazy. They
don't
know
what's going on, you know? Yeah. Yeah. The other thing too, I think about uh, with the covid is seeing how quick something can happen and it's over. I think people take things for granted like society and democracy we take for granted. But it seems like I've learned in one day. It could be gone in one day. Yeah.
And
Yeah. It's just, it's amazing that quick. It could happen and it could happen to your family or it could happen to a bigger, uh, you know, your country, you know, or I mean, imagine if we had dead bodies on the street, let's say we had so many dead people, we couldn't, you know, pick them up and, and then everybody was getting ill and the grocery stores were closed. I mean
it could.
You're
that's
I know. It's so hard. Yeah. Yeah.
You know,
dad.
Yeah, I do. I like scampi and you know, and shrimp and scallops and scallop, seafood and pasta muscles. Yeah. Yeah,
that's that's a favorite. How about you?
What?
With
the wine.
Those are really good with. And I like to put the lemon, lemon and butter and the whole thing. Yeah.
Yeah. It's almost that time. So
I
now how do we get from here to the survey?
Of
his club window. What?
I'm
on actually on my phone. My phone. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm not very good on the with technology. I'm not great. I mean I have a phone like everybody else. But uh it was hard. I had never copied paste and copy. I never did that before. So for the link I had a paste and copy and you know, as as much as I like to read about science, I am not good on with technology. Mm
Yeah. I like technology, but I'm not very smart with it.
Guy.
Because that
of
course
If I close the browser, it'll close everything. Right? Yeah.
Can't. Okay.
Just the window.
Nice talking to you too. I wish I could think of
for more exciting things to talk about,
But
Seafood and black holes. Okay,
take care. Thank you.