good. Yeah. Hey
how's it going?
I just got here myself. You could have very well been the first person here. I was only here a few seconds
already,
sink.
Uh this is my 4th.
You'll know when they eventually stopped telling you. Yeah.
it's been great.
I'm saving it for now college students so every little bit counts.
Yeah. I'm
probably
gonna end up blowing line on video games too. Yeah.
See that that that's a hard one. I've gotta I've gotta wish list.
Dr.
You
I'm
getting to that point now with classes.
Yeah they just ended
so we we move out of the dorms. Thanksgiving but we take all of our finals online. We don't get to end early.
I mean it's online so it's a good thing but I don't I don't really wanna take finals as I'm getting used to being home again. Yeah
I live about four hours away from the dorms, so it's not far, but it's not a, I can go home regularly type thing.
No,
I don't,
My roommate does though. Oh, I'm
not a fan of driving, so my parents never got me my own car.
I just, I'm just not a fan of knowing that someone could be behind me and if they don't break then uh rear ended. Yes.
Yeah, I've, I play a lot of fighting games competitively.
I used to play a lot of smash, but now I mainly play blaze blue, guilty gear taken. Yeah,
blaze blue. I play s in Romagna guilty gear soul and kai and uh check in, I play noctis
what?
so I'll go into training mode. I'll find whatever combo looks stylish, it may not be optimal, it may not be good, but if I can style on my opponent, I'm going for it.
car.
I
feel that it's always fun when uh, at locals or sadly there's no majors anymore, but whenever I would get on stream, people would end up mentioning that I'm not optimal at all. Yeah.
Yeah. Good times being able to still pull the wind when it's not a
stroke.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I'm glad I started getting into it at the end of high school because if
I started now I would have had no time to learn
learning each individual game.
So what type of games do you play?
I
do,
I haven't bought it yet.
come on.
Oh,
I was looking at that a bit, that game looks fun. I was a big fan of wii fit.
I every time there's a new Israel skin I come back to league every time I'm not sure what it is
Mhm.
Yeah I've been playing on and off since season three.
I'm actually not sure. Mhm.
that's a while.
Oh I always just queued up for normals for friends and messed around. Yes.
I know the fill. I have a few groups I can't play league with. Oh only group I still play lead with the type of people that will decide five minutes and let's all just gank and push mitt and only do that.
It's wild.
I was just thinking.
Yeah I know how that is.
I started downloading it again because of the U. S. Real skin. I got to launch it and play soon. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah I'll play mid and 80 carry most of the time. Sometimes
I'll go jungle. Can't do top though. I'm just I'm not a good time.
New
response.
Can't blame you know who's fun? Really?
I remember the first time one for all happened everyone if a team got Garrett was over it was
I have
it.
huh. Yeah these event game modes are always the wild they're broke but they're fun. Thank
you.
it's
been a mess for
concert
Yeah
wow.
Well they said they're going to have a pre launch shipment at most stores if you I want to give it a second look after launch.
What
I would wait until after the holiday season in case there's anything wrong with it. They can have a quick fix.
I'm
trying to get I'm trying to get a 3080 right now. Yeah.
It's enough to
I'm from south Alabama. So we don't have really any real text store. Have to have to go drive to Houston if I want to see a micro center.
About
uh 12 hours I think. Yeah, It's not fun. So I just
I just ordered from Newegg.
Most of my free time that I do is tinkering around with computers, so. Uh
Good times.
I'm getting there
as soon as somehow to school, straight to work and then I'm old.
How's the workload? Getting your masters. I'm gonna have to I'm probably gonna end up doing it
twice.
Yeah. Yeah, I can understand that. Maybe not to the extent, but I've had I've had classes turned into a mental slog already.
Yeah, I'm using I'm using a pixel right now
for excel.
Unless you uh unless you're really bullying that phone, you don't really need anything too powerful.
Yeah, I was looking at all the smart home stuff, It looks fun, I gotta I got to mess around with it and at least make my room back home It
we don't have our own network.
And then uh and then we have to move in and out every term now because of Covid
uh freshman area.
No, I was I was expecting to do a bit more than just school work, but Covid killed that. Oh,
it's
been
all
though, I feel like the professors are deciding, oh, it's online, they can have a higher workload, it's okay.
Computer science.
No.
going into it. Everyone was like, oh yeah, make sure you live your freshman year to the fullest, make sure you do everything, you can meet new people and uh it's kind of impossible now.
was not discounted. Uh huh.
Yeah, I don't
I don't see it ending soon. Mm.
thankfully the school I go to the primarily medical school when the governor was saying that a restriction should be lower. This area of the state was like, yeah, no, we're actually going to prioritize health.
Yeah, this is this is the place in the state where everyone was getting treated and actually
wearing masks. Okay,
Thankfully 99% of people here take it seriously.
Yeah, all of the clubs aren't meeting, so
yeah, I was I was looking forward to a local fighting game club.
Hey, I already
know quite a few people in there because of traveling to events.
the official,
yeah, we have, we have multiple uh rooms that organizations and clubs can rent out that have like projectors monitors
in there.
I
think it's
about,
I'm not sure on the count, but it's it is the medical school in the southeast.
Yeah. And then, and then Georgia
text
close by is the technical school almost went there, but uh tuition was double. Yeah.
How to state isn't fun.
if you want. Yeah.
The foreign scholarships. Look, I saw a few of them that they're actually pretty good.
I think they just had the money. I don't think they came on a foreign scholarship.
I wouldn't really know.
no one's been flexing on anybody yet, Maybe next year maybe,
but hopefully next year, I don't
think, I don't think I mind seeing someone flex knowing that I can go outside. Yeah,
senior year of high school though, all of the juniors and sophomores were like, oh, you're not gonna get to graduate normally. Well, joke's on them. They don't get to go to school normally.
Okay. Maybe not. Maybe not around now.
I've got a quick question though. So after I, after I graduate from school, I'm planning to move around California for game development stuff. How's the, how's the cost of living there?
Mhm, mm. You probably stay
out.
I'm
Probably
stay away from the actual big city to avoid big costs.
Uh none over there.
All of my family is from texas to north Carolina. Uh huh.
The exact opposite side of the country.
Yeah.
I know people that are one in two years ahead of me with that one that's graduated. Yeah.
wait,
no.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah, I run out of things to do in Alabama all the time.
participation.
Yeah. Here we got the gulf, that's about it.
It
switch water
that
I that
I've
seen.
Yeah, it's water that I've seen about 100 times
because it's the only place to
get
up.
Just
just a little rumble.
It's it's
hit or miss mm.
Yeah that
that was my that was my major question. Yeah.
It was nice talking to you tube.
Have a good day.