go ahead, what's up?
It's been good. You know? Usually I'm I'm the first person here so its a pleasant surprise to get in and then I already have someone here.
okay. No no no I heard as soon as I went in I I saw you so we just had a good timing.
Well it seems like that.
So this is your first time doing something like this sir?
Oh that I think this is like my or actually I'm somewhere there though. Okay.
Oh yeah, yeah definitely. But I mean this is easily the best ones out of all the ones from politic,
what are you using your money to buy? Yeah.
I've been blowing through all mine on video games and uh what else? Video games, clothing? It's it's my it's my like spending money on myself, you know
because
it
Game what game would you want to is next on your list to buy? Okay.
Oh you're a big wishes. Uh huh. Yeah I have a bunch of games but I don't know I don't play him as much as I used to. Yeah. So like before I would have
a lot of time and no video games
and now I have more video games than
my time can afford.
Yeah because it's it's october so what midterms are on for you right now?
Oh you're just ended. Oh and then you have finals in a couple of months because for me all my finals my semester ends early because of the coronavirus. So the art classes end before thanksgiving for the semester. Yeah.
mm. Is that a good thing or is that a bad thing?
yeah. Is your is your do you live far away from the dorms?
Yeah. Well I was gonna say that's pretty far especially I don't know if you have a car not but man
that the
w
I've been there having to rely on my room in for. Okay. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. So Ocupado or like what is it that you don't like about driving?
Well I'm guessing you probably play a lot of uh what are, I don't know if that's hard to say like you play a lot of competitive multiplayer games where you where you've gotten like distrustful of people like that.
Okay. What do you play, you play like smash brothers or?
And who are your main characters?
What what type
of, are you, are you one of those types that abuses combos regularly or?
Uh Yeah that type of player because one of my roommates he he was whatever whatever he could abuse. It doesn't matter if like it was like a cheat like he was choosing
his opponent or anything like that. It's just whatever whatever he can abuse he
would use.
well. Mhm.
Oh no. Yeah, definitely.
When you can pull out the win and yeah, that's not what there's another feeling like that. Yeah, but I mean the last fighting, the last final game arcade was smashed. Ultimate on the on the switch. Apart from that, I don't really ever play fighting games. Yeah,
I just I don't have the time to practice.
All
Yeah. Because it's it's all mostly just about mechanics.
Mhm. Mhm. But yeah.
Um Well, I have a switch and I have a pc on my switch. I mean I play all the big games that come out. So lately I've been playing, well, I'm trying to finish paper Mario. I don't know. I feel like, I don't know if you have a switch or if
you
play, how did you play the new paper Mario game?
I don't know why. I usually, I don't know. I feel like I started off strong in games like that, but then like towards the end the struggle with finishing them. But I mean I like the game so far.
Um but I mean uh I've also been playing um mm trying
to think. I got, I got a ring fit so I've been playing ring fit.
Oh yeah, I mean it's definitely a workout. I mean it is a lot more of a workout than the next and then on my computer I play uh legal evidence.
oh man. He is uh
I mean he's definitely popular. His skin's are so good though. I don't blame you. There isn't anything they put, they put so much effort into his skins and like pollution.
Oh man let's spend a long time. Well who was the first, who was the champion that came out when you first started playing? If you remember?
because for me it was brand suffering.
Yeah but I don't know when Brand came out so I don't know what season I didn't keep track right it's been a while but I never I never really played it competitively.
All my friends there too toxic. They just they just gotten so toxic. But no I don't even want to play with them anymore. Mhm.
That would be different.
Yeah that'll be fun. But now they take it to I don't know it's just to make sure people who take it too seriously and people who take it like not at all seriously so and uh like I don't mind not taking it seriously, but they I don't know if you play class, but that's where they don't take it seriously. And that bothered me because I mean like why
why why am I spending so much of my time for you to just waste it? If that makes any sense,
We can't just take normal. But uh Yeah, But have you been playing recently? Mm.
What do you do most of the display to carry out? What do you play?
Well.
Yeah, I mostly just played jungle. You would say I'm uh I'm a new new I'm a new new one trick. I just
like
I just like rolling around with my boss. So that's super fun.
I don't know if you if you ever get a chance to play him in one for all, but he was really overpowered. You were just, everyone would just start off with a snowball, right and then just pick a lane and then they were just snowball that one person to death.
yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But I don't know if you played this new one with you. Me okay. Yeah
he
was pretty fun. Everyone would just go to one you me and that one you me would build full like whatever she wanted to build and it was O. P. It would never be able to kill her. Yeah.
But
Um I wanted to get a PS five okay this holiday season but they were all sold out. I
don't know why I
it
never occurred to me. Yeah never occurred to me that I would have to I don't know why. It never occurred to me that I would have to like uh like
uh
be on alert, like constantly like to buy to pre order. But so the first order just happened once and then it was over. So now I don't think I'm gonna get one. So maybe like early next year.
mm. Mhm. Mhm. I
don't know if it's worth it.
Yeah, because I was like, she just by PS five or just try to To get a 3080
and that's what I think,
But
yeah, because I don't know where you live in the country, but I live in southern California and we have a uh we have microphone and they don't get regular ship them shipments of it, but they do get them like, yeah, like here and there and then it will go up and then people will be like, oh, what's up? It's here. And then people would just rush to it and then They get like two or 3 or four, how much ever they had?
Oh my God. How far away is Houston
for you?
Just in time.
Yeah. Mhm. I can imagine. Yeah. But I mean I think I'm more likely to be able to get at 38 and PS five and I even got a new tv so that I would be able to take advantage of it but I don't know I don't know what I'm gonna do. I don't have I don't have as much time to tinker around with my computer anymore as I used to. So that's why I just want to get a PS five because I could just click it in play. I don't have to like catch anything, I have to worry about moms or anything like that, but I'm just trying to become basic. Yeah.
Just just enjoying world. Oh man. I remember when I was like that, I would take it with my computer all the time with my phone. I was mocked everything.
Yeah. Good times. But I mean, no, I don't know. I'm old now. Oh,
huh. You're getting there? Yeah.
Oh, definitely, because like, because I already graduated from getting my bachelor's right now, I'm trying to get my masters and uh now my life has just worked from 8 to 5 Mondays and Thursdays go to class from 5 to 10 and then Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays, it just depends, just a homework read.
we'll
see my my masters as a marriage and family therapy. So the workload isn't um it's not that bad like at all, it's just mentally is where it gets you makes any sense. So uh because even in my regular job my regular job like the stuff we do isn't hard at all it's just mentally it starts to turn into a slog and that's uh that's the hardest part. Yeah
Sorry my brother came in right the same everything. Thank you. Uh huh. Okay we just got new phones you know. See I just thought I bought a new phone because I saw at the world riff presentation and I was like I'm gonna wanna wanna jump on that change. So I needed a phone that was stronger because I had a pixel film. It was it was it was pretty good but at that point I didn't really need any graphical or processing power. I just wanted it for the pictures. Mhm.
Yeah. Which one
all you have to work? So I had had the three XL. And then recently I got the three A. Which is a really nice phone like for for 258 is it's really good. Like I know I know reviews say it's good but like even like when you have it in person it's very solid. I bought one for my mom, I bought one for my girlfriend and I think I'm gonna buy one for my girlfriend's dead. And then for that's 4 4000 I can either get four of those phones or get one like no and it works I mean it works, it works pretty decent. I don't really, I wasn't playing any games but now I'll be playing the new legal evidence one. So that's why that's why I get it.
Oh definitely. Yeah. Yeah and I'm a pretty like user right now. I just use it a message, watch youtube cast stuff when when you get your own place though. I would highly recommend you started by like like bridges and LED lights and just just think to turn your house into a smart home. It makes it so nice. I've been upgrading my house recently and it, I don't know the stuff that you can do right now is pretty crazy. But I can't imagine like the stuff you will be able to use in the future.
I mean even for your dorm room you can get, you can get some pretty cheap L. E. D. S and then you can control them with that. Let's google home. Oh no, but you guys have you guys have to connect to the school wifi dark? Yeah.
Yeah. I don't think that would work then.
Hold down. Wait, so is this your first year or what you are doing
profession here? How and how is, how is your profession your been so far?
man,
that
was
fucked up.
God damn. What's your major?
Oh yeah, definitely. Then, yeah, they're probably like Simon you guys then because I remember, yeah, the man, I feel, I feel so bad for you.
I remember my freshman year in college, it was so much fun and that's, and that's probably what everyone else is probably telling you guys too. Yeah, they're probably like, damn, that sucks for you. It really does.
Yeah, it's impossible. And then you're also getting, I don't know if you're at a private or public, but you're probably still getting slammed with the same amount of loans. Mhm.
man. And then even then next year old man, it might not even be done until like halfway next. Hmm
that's right.
Damn. And you're in Alabama. Yeah,
Okay. All right then.
what?
lucky you because I mean, I don't know. I don't know if you have like a lot of plastics that are like, yeah, I'm not taking this seriously bow.
Mhm. That's nice. Okay. By man. Listen for you. I mean, even my sophomore year, my, my two new year, my senior year, they were all pretty fun too. But by then I had already known people, so I don't know how it's gonna be for you. Like have you joined any clubs? Are you joining a fraternity is already
Oh, they're not meeting.
Yeah, that would have been fun.
What?
Because I don't know about your school, but at our school they let us project onto our lecture halls James. So that's where, that's where our
gaming comes with me.
damn.
But yeah, your schools probably way bigger than my school. That is. Yeah, because my school is pretty small.
At school.
We have
maybe 10,000. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Then definitely you probably have like your schools probably huge. Yeah. Mm hmm.
And
the police.
I know. Yeah.
Yeah, honesty. But I mean at my school, my school, we have such a huge asian population. Well, I think Muslims are chinese and
they would, they would, they would just drop out of state money like if it was nothing or I even had a country money because they were all foreign students. Yeah.
Yeah, now for us it was our cash and then Yeah. Mhm. It looks like, I don't know like they would all come like to school wearing like Gucci take the baton. They'll be driving super nice cars. There's a there's a pretty big difference. You could really tell who was who was from there and who was and who was not from here.
Yeah. Yeah. They definitely have the money. Yeah. I don't know if your school has anything like that but my school definitely did.
No. Oh yeah. I mean you guys don't really go out. How are you supposed to flex your resume? Yeah.
Yeah. Maybe next year.
Hopefully.
man. I feel so bad for you for all fashion students.
Oh damn. Oh man. Mhm. To be a freshman.
Yeah we're not around now. Mhm. Oh man. Yeah. What's already won? 25? I don't know if you want to keep talking for a little bit more.
So it just depends where you would probably be going for. Game development would probably either be West La which would be like santa Monica at the santa Monica area and that sort of expensive or Bay Area which would be even more expensive than than than West L. A. Um Yes, you would probably be, you would probably just end up having to commute from some from really far away. Um
You
have to start off as an intern with an internship or do you? Mhm.
Or do you get paid? You know? Uh huh. But yeah, I mean it's doable. You would just have to let you would just have to live far away and you would have to commute every day, a really long time. Okay. So
I mean
Yeah so it would be about probably a 2-hour drive going to and then coming back where you would find something that's affordable because I live pretty far, I live like about an hour away and then costs here maybe for The studio would be about a 1000 between yeah, like around 1000 1000 100 for a studio. Mhm. But I mean you could probably like ran out of room somewhere, I don't know if you haven't, do you have any family over here?
No.
Rule.
Yeah, I know. Yeah. So that that makes it harder, mm
But I would definitely say to Mhm. Um probably network and then try to see if someone would be willing to go with you that way that way you have at least someone that you can that you're known that you can trust. Yeah because uh well right now at your school is this do you have do you know anyone there like from previously or is this like your first time? That's cool being by yourself? What do you know around you?
I mean I would take the leap if
I were you, I would definitely take the leap
income to California. But I really like California. I don't want to leave, I have on the list color leave California. And and there's people that are leaving because of costs and stuff like that. But I would I would even if prices still kept going up, I would still like be willing to like work through it and see if I can stay here my whole life. It's really nice.
It's really nice. I don't know if you've been to California? It's very nice, it's hot,
get hot, pretty hot. But it's nice. There's like you'll never run out of things to do in California.
Uh because like away from from me I can go to the snow
and it's about an hour away. I can go to L. A. It's an hour away. I can go to santa Monica. Can have long beach and Huntington. I can go to san Diego. I can go to palm springs, I go to Vegas. I can go to Mexico to Tijuana. I can go to the Grand Canyon, I can go to Zion, I can go to all these places and it's all about between one and two hours away. Everyone that thinks that you're here,
Mhm. I've never been there. So I can't I don't know. I
don't know how that golf is.
It's water. Do
hurricanes
here,
are
you?
No,
it's
only
water. Okay. But people say that we have earthquakes. But man earthquakes. So not that bad at all. Like the ground will shake
will be a couple.
Yeah, a little rumble Less than 30 seconds and you're good. And then you can even go to the museum in L. A. They have they tell you like what's a one or two or three or 456789 10. So you know what to expect and it's not even that bad. Like you might knock you off your feet a little bit of 10, you might have the roof collapse on your head, but you'll be fine. You're living I don't know about hurricanes, but I'd be scared of living through hurricane.
No.
Okay.
Mhm.
What was I talking to you, man?
Yeah, I'll see you right,