Hi
Good,
how are you?
Good.
I'm amy I'm Milan
nice to meet you know
I feel
like it looks like it looks like I'm naked but no. Yeah.
yep. Is this your first conversation?
I see. This is my this is my fourth but I've been lucky I guess everyone showed up. Yeah
I love it. This is a great opportunity.
and they want they want to also see how you think I perceive you as well so I'm not sure what the exact point of the study is. I was thinking maybe it's got something to do with like they're trying to set up their own conversation thing or
Exactly. Gosh some of them are so strange. Some of them are just absurd. There was one that had like gore in it.
It was ridiculous. Yeah you have to just be a bunch of photos and then react to it. Some of them are gore when they were like nude spare issue.
How long?
I've
I've only been us people I'm not sure. I think I read that the better up this was only offered in like U. S. And Canada this this survey. So.
How long have you how long have you been on prolific
one.
Yeah same here.
Um I think I started out I was already doing like uh validate lee and user testing. That is if you've heard of those were pretty pretty nice. Um I was just like I looked it up something to do with that and then prolific came up. So how did you find it?
that's that's how I found it I think to
you hear me? Yeah. For that
one.
Well
I don't know if if you've tried using user testing or validate, lee those ones have have gotten a pretty good chunk of money. Especially
like the $70 ones and you chat with like 60 minutes for half an hour or an hour
with someone.
Yeah I know that
they do that. Well you talk to them, all you have to do is they take you through like a model of their website or product or something and then they just ask for your opinion. That's all you have to do is just give your opinion then you're $70 Richard. Mhm.
It is
pretty
have like they'll let you know if it's for
if it's mobile or a desktop
one. They do have um $70 ones for your phone. To have gotten a few through my phone. They have $40 ones, but the most common ones are they pay $10 and it just requires you to like work, walk through like a demo of an app or some website or some feature they want you to review and then you just have to talk out loud For like 10 minutes and then you get paid $10.
So.
absolutely. I'm a student so any
money? That's great. Yeah.
Um I just finished my undergraduate degree in information systems in december,
so
I'm going to be starting my graduate degree in computer science very very soon.
Thank
you.
Yeah they'll they'll all be remote thankfully.
Um I think for me, yeah just because I'm used to sometimes taking classes over the summer which were all in line, but I feel like if you're used to the in person setup or gosh if you're a freshman coming in this year that has to suck.
Those are some of the best days for me just go in and exploring campus and those
poor
kids.
I know a lot of people are taking gap years
or
absolutely and
you have a good excuse.
I I don't know. I know a lot of people are just like driving around pretty much not doing too much in terms of actual travel though. I know a few people that have gone to Mexico. Yeah.
Yeah.
awesome.
But
Gosh.
Oh
us.
I'm I'm actually going to hawaii myself in
four days. Yeah.
So yeah. Apparently tourism opened back up on like Honolulu only. I think, I don't know. I don't think you're allowed to go
to the other islands but Honolulu it's open and you have to get your covid tests before flying in within 72 hours and if you're negative then you don't have to quarantine but otherwise you have to quarantine while you're there for 14 days.
awful.
No. Uh huh mm.
I'll be there for about a month.
Well
it
should be a great time.
Um I'm going to be traveling with my boyfriend, we got an Airbnb. So
did you set up?
Thank
you. I have not not since I was like really really young. Yeah.
same.
I do. I live in California right now. Los Angeles. Yeah
it's
still
hot here.
I do I do like the fall temperatures in originally from Chicago so I'm used to very very cold weather. Yeah.
interesting.
yeah. And I know like I went to a public school in Chicago and they would not call off class for anything. Like we had, I had to walk in high school, I had to walk to school to take a bus first, but I had to wait for the bus and it didn't come to walk like half an hour to school and it was negative 40 degree wind chill. It came into class with like snowflakes covering my eyelashes and my eyebrows and I was just like damp. It was awful.
Yeah, I was so angry that probably cut me hot.
Yeah.
Yeah. Winters um nothing like winter is probably the coldest little git will be like maybe 40 degrees at night, like very late at night, during the day, it's usually seventies or upper sixties. Yeah, it's very, very nice. My first winter here was awesome. I was so happy sending all my friends in Chicago pictures of me and tank tops and shorts like yeah,
this is,
thank
you.
Um I'm living with my parents right now, so, so expensive out here. I don't know if I could afford it on my own, so
think I'll probably be back in the midwest. My boyfriend has a job out there, so
It's
Uh huh and it
does.
I feel like that's how most young people are living here just in like this tiny little like 200 square feet, but you're still paying $2,000 a month. Mhm.
Hammer,
no,
I know, I know one girl who has they live in a studio, three people, yeah,
Police
new york city seems so cut throughout. Mhm.
That's the one thing, I don't know if I could deal with that Chicago people are cold but there not that cold.
That
go,
Yeah, he just knew it, he could sense it.
goodness.
Yeah L. A. Is um it has, it has its perks I'd say that people are super strange and that's that's just one thing just sitting down breakfast or whatever and then the table next to you just over here casually. This the absurd things like hey oh my god yeah let's let's go do some crack later, you're just like okay trying to eat my waffle. Great. God.
Uh huh.
Say one thing about L. A. Is that the food just isn't that great? Like I would expect food to be a lot better but I feel like Chicago food is just
completely different league. What
so far?
Awful three little things for like 15 bucks and a side of kale. Uh huh.
Um well my mom has actually lived here for five years but I went to school back in Illinois so I just I've been coming for the summers
so yeah last winter was my first winter and that was it's pretty great. Okay.
At
dot I'm not not uh I'm not built for very very cold weather found. Uh huh.
I
have.
80
and you mean exactly, That's what I always tell anyone. I take 100 the dry heat over 80 and like Chicago level humidity any day. I feel so much cooler. Yeah.
No.
That's
The same. It doesn't help. I don't need the pool. What?
no.
What?
No
correct.
Uh huh. I know and my freshman year I lived in a dorm that had no a c it's like 100 years old. Worst decision of my life. I could not sleep. We had box fans everywhere and it just didn't help. Nothing help.
It was
awful.
I went to University of Illinois in Champagne Illinois. Very small town in southern Illinois Huge school though, it's got like 40,000 50,000 people.
Yeah on on that location on that campus
yep. And we've got a very large international student population from like china and Korea, got like 10,000 kids from there. And it's so funny seeing them all experienced their first Illinois winter. Uh huh. They just are not prepared. It is so funny. Mm.
Mom.
what?
actually yeah, that'll be so cute.
yeah, that's
the same.
I have like I have a toy poodle but my mom took care of her for the most part while I was in school and always asking for videos, everything nonstop. But I just remember her in winter with the snow, she was just like jump in and then fall completely in sync and snow. We'd lose her and then
she'd come out and she'd just be shaking and holding up her paws well like uh Yeah.
Thank
you.
same with my big dog. She loved the snow when we had her straight with the snow. But she had like a really thick coat snow snowy dog, so she's in her element. And then we moved out here when she got old, which was great for her, like arthritis and everything, so it worked out pretty
well
actually. Mm.
What?
no,
you're
too
old.
Help
Thanks
For
your
dog.
Yeah, that's awful.
Good.
sir. You know. Oh
no.
Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh.
God, that is so cute though.
It's just telling. Mhm.
That's
good.
I hate that.
One thing you need a cat for.
Thanks.
bob.
I love uh low fat cats
he
deserves
it.
least he lived
to go
to life.
I
do not. I'm actually allergic to cats sadly. Just dogs still
want a cat now.
Absolutely.
I
had
I had to when I was a kid and uh my allergies then they were still kind of bad but only when the cats would like lay on my face but but they were certainly getting better another bad again, so
Yeah, I wouldn't risk it.
I have a friend like that who pineapple makes her throat and mouth itch And she'll still eat it, she's just like it's so good and then 10 minutes later she's like my throat's killing me, were just like we told you, what are you what
are you doing?
Absolutely.
I think our our time limit is up.
Mm. That's fair.
You, too.
Thank you, enjoy
the The 1st Snow for Hercules.
Take care.