Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. You find work. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Hi, how are
you?
Good.
I'm Amy
Milan High
You
too.
I got you. So yeah. So I guess we just chat. Huh?
Yeah. I've actually so it's my third time but people didn't show up before.
Oh wow. That's good money. Yeah.
So what are they, are they just trying to see like, I mean they're asking us all these questions about how, how we feel, Do they just ask us then how we perceive you I guess or something like that? Yeah. Interest.
Yeah. Meet up kind of thing or like or is it even just a basic like human like how you put you know, just human perception stuff. Who knows half the time. So I don't know if you do, do you do a lot of the prolific study like like come on, you are not studying what you told me you were studying like come on. But yeah and then other times I have no idea what you're getting at but whatever.
Ooh.
yeah. So there's a couple. So a lot of them have here at home. I don't have a laptop and my decks my desktop doesn't work. So any of the ones that need like a computer and then sometimes do that at work when there's downtime. So I have done a couple where they want your reaction to stuff you know? But like it's never been like that. It's been like they're essentially like following like am I following the action you know or something in a video Like crazy. Yeah wow. So
always paired with someone in the U. S. Or do they ever pair like or is
this us?
Well I guess so because you have to be able to communicate I guess so. Yeah. Yeah.
Not long. Just
like maybe august or september yeah.
Yeah. How did you come across it?
I think it's prolific specifically I came on it through reddit like I did um Mhm. I don't so like some a lot of survey sites that were pretty crappy like um but it's the only ones that I knew about, you know? And um I would get screened out because like I'm like kind of like you know, I live in New Jersey. I'm like like soccer mom age, you know what I mean? Like live in this, you know like I'm probably like I don't think like I'm always I mean sometimes I think I am the target demographic and then other times I think now they want somebody like a lot younger, you know whatever. So like a lot of the a lot on this, I don't remember oh savvy survey, I used to get a ton of stuff through them. And then just lately I just don't anymore. Um and then somehow I don't know, I stumbled on beer money. It read it and
yeah, and I was like, oh yeah, and like, I don't know. I mean it's like, I swear it's like a lot of the same topics on prolific and another survey site that I found through Reddit that I would get. No, never. I haven't tried that one. It's um I think it was que me maybe.
Which
they don't, I mean they don't pay that great, but like a million surveys in there. So like, yeah, like they're always worked for me and it was the same thing. It would be like, I would swear it would be like the same kind of surveys that savvy survey was closing me out of and que me would just, I would get I would be able to answer them. But prolific
is the only one where you make any decent money uh for the surveys, you know, or the questionnaires? Okay.
Oh, that's
are you kidding
me?
Just
Ah that's pretty cool. Yeah,
I have
to look into it. It's like, I feel like if I can't the stuff, can you do most of them on your phone? Right,
strict
and
Yeah, that's great. I mean this is just, it's just nice to have like, I mean I work full time and thankfully I still am
working through Allah covid, you know, but like it's just, we don't, they really cut are over time so it's just nice to have like a little bit of extra money now.
That
what are you studying
of
course.
Congratulations, that's great.
Are
you gonna are you doing class is going to be doing classes like online remotely now? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. You like that better? Is that easier?
Yeah. Yeah I'm sure it's got to be like scary in a whole different way than like freshman year when you had to go to campus like that. Uh huh.
having
fun.
Well yeah and now you're just like yeah I know it must be like kind of like a big letdown, you know? Uh huh.
Yeah this would definitely
be the year to do it if you could. Yeah
except
like can you go anywhere? I don't know like.
Um A
friend of mine uh is getting transferred to Hawaii. Yeah
it's like sometime in the beginning of the year and we used to work together and uh he's actually he was initially thinking he was going to go down. They were going to give him an additional four months and maybe go down first. And then his wife was going to be able to move down later. But they just pushed it all back I think. But anyway I was like when
he was initially going to be able to go down sooner, I was like oh I could come spend my birthday in Hawaii you know? But like it was like right after like um they were like like hawaii is like shut down. Like they I'm like are you kidding me? I'm like how are you even getting in there? And he's like well I mean they have to he works for the N. S. A. Actually. He was like I mean I guess I'll get in like you know like but like I mean I don't know like how they're going to have to buy a house and all that. I'm like I can
a ticket to hawaii they're like no you cannot call you know? So yeah
I usually try
to do fall like go somewhere and it's like not even. Yeah
get out.
How are you how did you get in? Are you allowed? Really?
I
The rough life. I don't let people work. They were like yeah if you try to get onto a while who like you'll just have to quarantine in a while. I was
like yeah yeah. Right. Oh here I am on the beach in Oahu. Quarantining
That's cool. How long you can be gone.
Get out
are
used.
Yes. Seriously. Are you staying with people you know or you just
how?
Oh that's cool. Have a blast. Have you ever
been there before?
Now my parents, I mean my parents went there when I was really young, but we all stayed home, you know? Yeah, I've never
been there. Yeah, exactly. You live on the west coast or?
that would be great. Yeah,
that's,
it's like,
is it, I mean it's nice here, but it's definitely fall now. Yeah.
yeah, I grew up in Cleveland so and like In the 70s and 80s and it was much colder, you know? Like it just seems. Yeah, like by the time, like even just over the course of my lifetime, by the time I got in high school, like snow days were like no longer thing like we just didn't get like, I remember like in elementary school is like such a big deal. Like we have to watch the news and my mother would be like what if they don't call off class? And my dad would be like they're going to call off class just let him stay, you know? But like even by the time I got into high school like it just the temperature kind of like moderated out, you know? And
then yeah, I mean I think like, I don't know, what do they say like all the El Nino or whatever like affect all the winters and stuff like that. So like over the past few years I've noticed because I still have family there, like there's definitely times when it's much snowier and like if I'm traveling by car to go home, it's like bigger deal. Um But yeah, Chicago's can be brutal. Yeah.
Oh my God, you're so lucky like you didn't get frostbite or something.
Uh huh. That's terrible. Yeah.
So what does it get like in L. A. Do you get like, so is winter kind of like fall temperatures?
are
you like do you plan on staying out there
or
you don't know where you'll end up?
Well
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. A friend of mine, her uh she had four sons and they've all like I kind of watched them all grow up. Um Two of them ended up out in L. A. And she would go to visit them and she would be
like her one son who was single and she would come back, she was like a me he's like living in a closet, you know? It's like oh I got on board just like and he like you walk in and he puts he has to put this thing up on the shelf so you can get through the door. She
was
like, hey, I'm like fired. Like if he was unhappy he'd moved back like he's he's loving his life like what are you gonna do? You know? Let him live in a closet, He's in his twenties. But she did not like that.
was like, he's talking about finding someone to live with him. Like you can't put a second person in there like he will be fine. He'll work it out. Like he worked nights like in a brewery or something.
Like he will, you'll have the bed during the day is in the middle of the bed and I'll be fine.
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, I could not like I couldn't live with a bunch of people like that would make me crazy. So I'd be living in a closet myself, you know that? Yeah. But.
my God, no, no way. No way. Yeah, a good friend of mine like she um I grew up around like I moved to the Philly area after after college and um somebody met out here like she had grown up out here and all that, she's like now I'm gonna go I'm gonna go to new york, she was working for like the just not the public the public defender and it was the same thing, so it was she was defending people in new york and she was like again and this was like so long ago and she was the same kind of thing. She was like she lived a million miles away, like it was like her commute took forever, she was running like two closets, you know? It was like ridiculous, but she she loved it, she never came back. So yeah, I don't know, New york isn't really for me, like I don't think I could live there, but Philly is a good
sized city.
yeah,
Yeah. I am because I'm so close, I visited that, right? But so what I do is my career work with chronically mentally ill adults and a girlfriend of mine is just like enchanted with new york and she always wants to come like around the holiday, stay here and then go to new york and I hate like I'm so over it, I don't like it, but I'll do it when she comes. But we went and we took the, you know the bus or whatever, the train. I don't even know what it was, where you get off at Madison Square Garden and like we get out and she's like, there's like clearly a mentally ill man, like, like one of my people, you know like, but he like so totally honed in on us and he started to come
over and I'm like please let's go. And she's like no, I just want to see this. I'm like we can see it from the Starbucks across the street.
Like let's get out of what is wrong with you, You're being so and I'm like, do you want to be like accosted by the mentally oh man, like, like this why do every day, like let's just go somewhere else right now. He was totally oblivious. Had no idea. And it was like a bee line, you know? Like I know that, you know, mentally ill people, I'm going to come and talk to you, you know?
It's like something I put out in the air or something. Yeah. So it's like no, I don't need to be like, I can I can have all that in Philly. I don't need we
respect, we were standing in line and it was at a Starbucks. It was packed. It was like pouring rain and it was pretty cold out. And there was somebody like nodding out like bent over completely, like practically practically touching their toes. Like they were so uh they would not they were not falling over and she was like, oh my God, like welcome to new york. And he's like, what do you love about like this? Yeah. So I haven't been to L. A. In years, but I would love to go back. Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess that's I mean any big city nowadays you can get yes. But yeah. Uh
Interest,
Yeah. Well, and it's all is it still like all that like you know you get like three little spots
of food on your plate like all that you know like. Yeah. Yeah. Huh.
That's great. How long have you lived there?
Only.
Yeah. It would wouldn't be bad to spend winter in L. A. I don't think. I don't
know
I don't like well the other thing too like yeah the difference I found
like I went to L.
A. Like twice in the summer but it was very hot but it wasn't like humid like in the midwest or even the east Coast. The humidity is so bad. Like that's right. That's what's so like I mean I don't love it being 100 degrees but like it feels so much it doesn't feel as bad as like 80 and
human.
Yeah. You just feel like, or even one of my sisters lives in New Orleans and yeah, I went down there once, she was in august, she was eight months pregnant and
it was so gross and she was like no we have to go to the french quarter and I'm like we don't have to like that's crazy like you know and her husband like no, no we have to take into the french prime like you're going to live down here the
rest of my life, we can see the french, I don't know in the fall like in that, you know and it was I felt so bad for her because it was so gross out, you know? But yeah, I'm like I don't know, I couldn't do it. Like I have a lot of friends that like ended up moving down south and all that and they're like, aim, it's fine. Everybody's got air conditioning, everybody's got a pool. I'm like, no, I don't know. Doesn't, I can't swim.
Equity. So yeah, I don't know. Um the uh, the humidity here in the summertime, I, this place where I live now, it's like right on a creek bed and like I had no idea. So it's just like, even like my basement, like sometimes I feel like like I'm going to walk down there to be like mushrooms growing or something, just like, there's just so much water like in this neighborhood,
it's really like, it's the things that I would have known before I bought this house, you know, like not central air, you know? And I don't know. I'm like, I don't even know
where this creek is. I was like, oh yeah, your basement's gonna flood. I was like,
really, You didn't like any of it? Like
where are you people like being so hopeful when I was looking at the house, you know, like that would totally picked a different town. But
no,
that's
so bad. Yeah, I can't. That's the thing like sleeping is the worst when it's that. But what, where did you go to school?
Just on that location or altogether,
wow. That's what that is a lot. Yeah.
Well I have even just my, so my daughter had this had a dog, he's this big dog, he was too aggressive, she couldn't keep him, I brought him home with me but she's lived in south Carolina and
for years and years. So he's never been in cold weather. And I just realized like, I hope like I never really hope for that much snow, but I was like would be pretty fun to see
like This giant like £85 like pit bull mix, you know like running around in the snow. I think you'll really like it. But yeah,
yep. My other dog really loves it. Like I let him out in the side yard and he just like, he runs around like a deer, you know, like kicking up everywhere, you know? So it should be pretty fun. She was like, I was talking to the other day, I was like cat, you know, I don't even think about it, but it's going to be Hercules his first cold winter, you know? It's like you gotta send me videos. Yeah,
it's
that.
What?
I had a little at a boston interior and my bigger dog at the same time. Right? And same thing like she'd go out in the snow and you'd be like where'd she go? You know? And then my big
dogs
just like jumping around. What?
So
that
Yeah. My big my big dog is getting older now and he's just sort of like he still wants to run around and like in fact right before the call he somehow got out of the yard, somebody's knocking on my side door which doesn't have a doorbell thing. And I'm like nobody comes to my side door. I'm not getting up, not even thinking that like he had busted free right by the by the time I go out there like there's a cop, there's like two neighbors and there's like there's my dog just like laying in the grass like what? You know? But he's
like he has like his hip is all messed up now because he's older right? And so whenever he does stuff like this he comes back and he's like limping, I'm like dude
like can you not figure this out? Like
just stop
doing
it. Yeah. You know? He's like no I could do it. He like comes hobbling in the house and like great the cop's gonna like report me for animal cruelty of them. And it was like, I mean I'm just sitting here in my living room, I don't have my mask on, I don't have, you know? And like I go out and the lady just like she found him she didn't have a mask on, you know? And I go out and there's like this cop and
he's got like this camel like with like the kerchief thing, you know? Instead of just a mask
and like his hat pulled down like this like special apps like don't
you
like,
Yeah. And like the dogs just laying in the sun, like what mom, you know, you know, it was so embarrassing my neighbors like really hate me.
All right. Like I'm like, just sitting here watching tv and then the big dog Hercules you come, I swear to God, you come on the property. He like start sparking like he is going to rip you limb from limb and so like he's
inside trying to get out because he obviously has to protect us. You know, like I was like, oh God, did not attack the pop, do not detect.
he
was like, is this your dog? He had such a bad attitude. I'm like, first of all, you could be my child. Like you are so much younger than I knocked off the attitude. That's what I wanted to say. But I didn't say, I'm like, yeah, that's my dog. Oh
man.
I know, I know there he like, well Newton, so Newton, that's the one who got away. He would be out in the yard 24 hours a day if you could let him. He just loves it. You know, he just finds the son wherever he just lays there and like I couldn't even now like take them out without a leash on and even if he doesn't go straight into the fence and part of the yard, he just like lays down in the sun, he's not trying to go anywhere. So
But yeah, so that's what he was doing when that lady brought him back, he was like you can knock on the door, she's not coming, I'm gonna lay on the grass. Oh man.
I
think so. Anyway, there is one somehow I think when I let him back in this flag got in here and he just keeps saying he's like one fly in here,
it's so gross. So.
Exactly. Well I do have a cat and he he does like if if he sees like a fly or whatever, he like bats at it. And then but one time I swear to God he like jumped up, it was like a frog, he jumped up, got it in his mouth, just like grabbed it with his mouth and was like the fly was gone. I was like damn! I
know, I was like you should do that a little more up and when did you learn that trick? You know he
was he's this big old fat cat and he just was like sh like uh huh.
yep, he's like Garfield, he's a big orange fat cat but he was a stray and once I started like I just put food out, it was like he never, you know, like he had never eaten, you know? And yeah, he just like, so I just always leave his bowl full, I don't care, you know, I don't know
what
we'll do if he
gets diabetes because he'll never let me give him a shot, we'll
cross
that
bridge when we come to. So do you have a cat? Do you have any cats or do you just
have dogs?
I think
I'm actually allergic to both of them. Two dogs, like, like yeah, my allergist was like, you know, you're not allergic to anything with dogs and cats, I was like uh I have one to reach, so uh you know? But it's like I think that you can sometimes with animals like it's kind of like when they give you the shots, they're giving you the allergen, like in increased doses and I think sort of like having, having the animals sometimes does the same thing, you know,
because
it's
gotten better. Yeah.
Yeah. Right, right. I was talking to somebody the other day and they were like, do you think you can do that with food, like to eat in little portions? And I'm like, I know that sounds like a bad idea.
I mean like they say that like, you know, food allergies, like all of a sudden you could just like, boom, like that's the deadly one, you know, like, I don't know. I think I would talk to a doctor before I just start trying that they're like, I just really wanted to eat that. Okay. I mean, I don't know if you have your will, I don't know. Maybe it'll be right.
Seriously,
I mean, yeah, like at least, I mean at least have the decency to carry an EpiPen or something of your, your pineapple. Like that would be scary. Like I don't know. I mean like I work at a hospital and one time somebody had an allergic reaction at work. But I mean like the doctor was able like to just get that like the nurse was able to, you know, the doctor said give him Benadryl, you know, and we were able to take from the patient stuff. But I mean, I can't admit it was scary enough and I was surrounded by nurses and doctors like being out at a restaurant or something and somebody has an allergic reaction I think would be terrifying, you know?
Yeah. Just happened so fast. But mm hmm.
Yeah. We I think we I was just thinking that we've done it and it sounds like Hercules has decided he wants to go out.
Well, it was lovely to meet you, enjoy
lulu.
That'll be great.
That's thank you. I will. Alright, I'll talk to you later. Well, maybe
not. All