SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Blood all over. All right thanks goodbye. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay wow okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah mm. Hello? How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I didn't expect anyone to show up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm here.
SPEAKER_L: Um So I guess we're just supposed to talk about anything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess for 25 minutes or so I've sort of never gone through this process before.
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Dude
SPEAKER_R: on earth
SPEAKER_L: No 1's actually ever showed up.
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: I am what?
SPEAKER_R: this are you in for 25 minutes then?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um So uh where where do you where do you live
SPEAKER_R: Uh I live right uh north of New York City, about 20, minutes north of the city
SPEAKER_L: wow. How is it there with the whole uh
SPEAKER_R: uh with Covid I guess. Uh Yeah, I mean it was real bad here in March and april but things have sort of started to get back to normal a little bit, but um the cases seem to be picking up a little bit over the past week or two, so I think everybody sort of anticipating that things are going to go south a little bit. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think probably because college I mean people are.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and all the schools are back in some of the town I actually live in. Um there there was one or two cases of positive tests and so the kids have been back um two days a week, two on three virtual, and they just announced the school is going to be shut for like three weeks at this point. So yeah, so I have two little kids. So where they've been basically watching Youtube videos for about eight months now? So, uh,
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: getting them on a schedule. How about you, were you from?
SPEAKER_L: I am yeah actually I'm a college student in boston so yeah I actually am here in boston living in an apartment right now but actually did go to new york a few days ago or for some visit. But yeah it's um it's pretty good here. Think for the most part I think schools are pretty good on testing. Would you like I think total like few students have gotten here and there. But
SPEAKER_R: that's the, are you, would you have lived upside down, that's my timer to make sure I tuned into
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: a video. Would you have lived off campus anyway or is that sort of a function of like social distancing on campus now?
SPEAKER_L: yeah so I would have lived off campus because I'm a junior this year, but
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: my, well, I
SPEAKER_R: you are?
SPEAKER_L: I'm at the new England Conservatory.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It's a musician.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm a music student, so our school is really small, so one or two cases is pretty bad school. We do have two cases now, I hope it's okay, but I mean we don't really do anything in person at this point anyway, so. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: do you, how does that work? Like how do you, I'm assuming you take theory classes and stuff like that, but like, I'm assuming you have to play with other students. How do you do that virtually.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so um actually I was supposed to do orchestra and stuff this year, but um, I mean, I'm going through a slight injury right now, so I'm not really, I dropped out of Orchestra and chamber, but um, yeah, everything else is pretty much online. My teacher has been doing online lessons too, kind of a bummer, but um, but we're sometimes we meet here and there in person, but other than that everything's basically online. We have to test twice a week now
SPEAKER_R: Around,
SPEAKER_L: which is pretty bad.
SPEAKER_R: see your junior, so you've been in boston for a couple of months. So boston is sort of like the thing I've always heard, is it like the size of the city, like triples because of all the college kids that are coming back, Like is it like a normal year or like our their kids walking around? I'm guessing all the bars and stuff like that are operating
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: much, much lower than they would previously.
SPEAKER_L: it's definitely it's definitely different. There's less people on the streets for sure but in general I mean I've always been kind of more of an indoor guy so I usually just go to the practice rooms and then go back to my dorm. So um
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: For me
SPEAKER_R: after. That's funny. Um Cool. Where were you from originally?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from California.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What part?
SPEAKER_L: I was in Orange County before we're on land sometimes L. A. Sometimes north cal but yeah and then I moved to Chicago. We're two or three years to study with the teacher there. But um it's yeah
SPEAKER_R: So reading between the lines, but you've got chops, you're pretty good at this. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: not jobs per se. Um
SPEAKER_R: Chops. Like a C. H. O. P. S.
SPEAKER_L: I hope so. I've been playing
SPEAKER_R: Work.
SPEAKER_L: for 16
SPEAKER_R: What is
SPEAKER_L: years
SPEAKER_R: interpreted?
SPEAKER_L: now. Sorry
SPEAKER_R: What instrument do you
SPEAKER_L: violent.
SPEAKER_R: but violent. Got it.
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of As um Asian Americans or asians that are my school is like 80% Asian maybe. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's uh I mean it is a stereotype but it's uh uh
SPEAKER_L: True. True.
SPEAKER_R: Well it's uh my roommate in college was korean and he had a theory about that. Um But my kids, so I'm guessing your parents didn't let you sit around watching eight hours of Youtube, like I think that's the difference.
SPEAKER_L: It's not that it's more, I think asian parents usually, um like try and let their kids do as much activities as possible and
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: so we can probably hopefully find something that we actually like, I, I'm lucky that I found something that I actually really like doing, but some kids end up resenting there parents or something because it's so vigorous, which I understand too. So it's,
SPEAKER_R: It um it is it is a gift though, so I'm married my wife, I've got I've been married for 17 years at this point, but like we were high school sweethearts and you know, we dated other people for a while, but like I've just known her forever And she was basically,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: I want to be a writer from age 14 on and like sort of constructed her studies around that, like even her jobs after school and now she she's pretty successful at it, whereas I was like 28 years old and I was like, I gotta figure something, it really is a blessing to have that one thing that you're gonna be able to focus on, do you think? I mean I'm assuming if you're the new England conservatory you're gonna try and play professionally after school.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. But um, yeah, no, I'm definitely very, very lucky that I get to do something that I really like. Um honestly if I wasn't doing this, if I didn't go to certain schools or certain teachers that I enjoyed, I could at least see myself being completely lost and don't know what I'm doing for sure because if I just got very lucky that I met certain people and stuff like
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: right. Um awesome. So what, how is uh you're used to it now, but I guess that must have been a change going from southern California to those boston winters, so I won't undergrad to harvard. So in Cambridge like close enough to you guys and I just remember being up there in like january and february and just like thank you everybody like Like no one had a 10, like everyone was just like white and I just remember like thinking like everybody looks like a skeleton or corporate. Uh but I'm from new york, so it's not that much different here, but California, like I have to imagine um like it's a complete change in terms of, however,
SPEAKER_L: I was actually um I moved to Chicago two years before coming here so it was really bad in Chicago.
SPEAKER_R: I believe that I am. So I had a job where I was, I was living in new york this community to Chicago during the week. I'm trying to figure out the timing, It was like 2014 or 2015 that they had the polar vortex. Were you there during that period?
SPEAKER_L: Oh um no, luckily I was 2016 one year.
SPEAKER_R: I am. I remember just being at work one day and I was leaving in like 6:30 or seven and across the street, you know those old bank signs that tell you the time, then give you the temperature. I walked out and it said -26° outside. It's just like uh I think I just basically went from work to my apartment, took cabs, never went outside
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: grab
SPEAKER_L: hard.
SPEAKER_R: my best friend. And that that's how I sort
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: got,
SPEAKER_L: I think it was last year didn't get to like -50. It was some crazy crazy.
SPEAKER_R: I've learned in my middle age to pamper myself and just make sure I'm in like a climate controlled environment.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. I think at this point I'm actually I think I enjoy the cold more than I thought because California, there's like no seasons ever and that doesn't feel good for sure. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well now it's actually a pretty nice time because it's in the 50s and 60s but the leaves change and stuff like that. But and even the winter I never found that bad but it was just like late february March where you were just like I'm ready for this to be over.
SPEAKER_L: it's the length of it too and I mean january really really bad february were pretty bad market.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, March and april hopefully sometimes they still snow. It's kind of it's kind of crazy sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: Get those random storms. What uh is your family still in Orange County? So do you go back during the breaks and stuff like that or?
SPEAKER_L: actually my yeah my parents are divorced so my mom's in north cal and my dad's in Orange County now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you guys But
SPEAKER_L: But I I usually go to north cal but it depends on their moods.
SPEAKER_R: all right. Cory I understand. What are you going back over the thanksgiving break or is it's too weird? How did you get here for the semester? Like how was flying? I have.
SPEAKER_L: Well actually in March when we got let out from school altogether I actually went to Taiwan because um it's very controlled there um
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: And I have some relatives there. It was still very strange to me that I thought I was just going to be there for a month maybe. But I ended up staying there until late august and then I for two north cal for like a couple of weeks and then I came to school.
SPEAKER_R: Got to.
SPEAKER_L: I'm for thanksgiving. I might go to Taiwan again. I have a few performances in december in Taiwan so I think that might as well go a little
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: early.
SPEAKER_R: you spend the time there. Um
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: Got us a long flight. Uh
SPEAKER_L: it's very long.
SPEAKER_R: I mean what I don't even know like it's gotta be 12 13 hours I guess kind of.
SPEAKER_L: On the way there it's 14.5 usually and on the way back it's it's not so bad just because the airlines are usually so great, like the service is great um And the food's pretty good usually. But yeah the fact that you can't lie down really does suck sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: Absolute. Uh you're you're still young even though you're suffering through an injury, but I'm 44 so like everything creaks a little bit more if I don't move it. All right.
SPEAKER_L: I've been um learning a lot more about the body this year, especially since I agree, but it's very interesting that every little little tiny thing and I mean as you said, I'm still very young which I'm very grateful for but if things are happening now this early on I got to figure it out.
SPEAKER_R: Well, if you don't mind me asking, like what is the injury like? I'm assuming it's like in my head carpal tunnel pops into my head. I don't know if that's
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so um actually it's it's this thing called um I well I met with a few specialists here and there and that's actually why I went to new york a couple of days, that's when it's finally been figured out, so actually it's only been figured out for four days now. Um I yeah I found out I um I was using uh my bicep a little too much on the line
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: so then there's a lot of pinched nerves and um and so on my hand was starting to shake and
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: I've always done like I guess I've always played the same way. It's just I never knew it was wrong and my body was so flexible and uh not everything was done growing yet, so it was it worked fine now since I think it's done growing. I think I'm starting to feel it gets shaky, gets very tense. So I think a few months of switching technique and also probably massaging and heating, but I'm pretty happy because it's been seven months since I.
SPEAKER_R: I just ask how your anxiety level must have been incredibly high during that
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: period.
SPEAKER_L: usually a pretty calm relax with and so I don't it's not that I was so anxious or I was definitely worried. Um But it was more just being stuck in Taiwan at the time um specialists there. It's different because um well one it's cheaper there which is a lot nicer. But the other thing is there's not as many specialists because um it's a small country and people are there aren't so many uh like if there was a specialist he wouldn't have enough people to see. Uh
SPEAKER_R: now we got
SPEAKER_L: That's that's why America is so great because um I mean different culturally and people wise so there's a lot of I mean I've seen like five specialists and it's great because I get to see people that actually really really know what they're doing.
SPEAKER_R: And I mean You went to New York so maybe there is a specialist in Boston, but the ones that you wanted to see, we're in New York, so you can get to go on a plane or train and go 250 miles away to a different city and there's get that pretty easy. How big is Taiwan? Like how how many people live there? Big.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's like 50 million people are, wait I can actually Taiwan 23 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: 23 million. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: It's very expensive.
SPEAKER_R: Therefore.
SPEAKER_L: Like a lot of people in a small area but it's the the land itself is tiny, tiny I think it's like the size of maybe even less than Rhode island. It's very very small but it's just a tiny little island but it's um it's a wonderful place um it's a lot more like America I would say than china, it's very, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean uh pretty involved and complicated history there. So
SPEAKER_L: yes it's very much um I don't know too much about it to be honest but I just know Taiwanese, great food, very good people.
SPEAKER_R: Where were your parents are from? Are they from, where they, did they come from Taiwan or were they born here?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they came from Taiwan maybe 23 24 years ago. Um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: and then they I mean just the classic they moved here for a job and then they hope for Children I'm grateful for.
SPEAKER_R: no, I'm very much in the same boat. My parents are both irish, but they came from Ireland, which well you under California and new york I guess, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I said wow, that's very different. Um yeah my my parents came directly from Taiwan I think my dad's done some
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: better programming job and Walden and then things took from there. Yeah I'm just grateful, I want me here living in Taiwan.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, that makes sense. Um So what else? So how much time do you when you're are you able to play now or just sort of deal with the pain, or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so actually before it wasn't so much pain, it was just shakiness, so a fact that I couldn't play because it was too painful, it was more just I couldn't really do much because every time I put it on it shakes, but now it's totally I mean it's it's something that I need to work on, so now I I probably touch it around an hour a day which is very not much but I have to just focus on retraining everything really and kind of smooth but it's okay,
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: no, so
SPEAKER_R: I have two boys, I have a nine year old and a 12 year old, and because I'm a white suburban dad and we've basically been locked in our house, like I've been shoving baseball down my son's throat and he, I think he genuinely likes it, but um it's uh it's shocking to me because it's different from when I was a kid, but there's just a culture of like, professional coaches and all these travel teams and it's something that sort of knew but didn't realize quite to the extent of, so he's a he's a pretty good player, um but he's just behind his peers because they've been going in these coaches for years and years, but at this age he is um they're starting to throw curveballs. So
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: um I don't know if you ever played baseball, but like, so a kid um His age can throw 65 to 70 mph. Yeah, that's great. Not not all of them, but the best kids can, and uh he's gotten pretty good to like sort of get his timing down to be able to hit that, but they're throwing curveballs now. So if you throw a 65 mile per hour curve ball, you throw a 55 mile per hour, 65 mile per hour fastball, you throw 55 mile per hour curve ball. So he's got to basically train his hitting technique to basically just hit in a different way and be more patient. And he's really struggling with that and actually see like a parallel, like if you've been playing your junior, so say you're 2021 years old, I'm guessing you've been playing for
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: 10,
SPEAKER_L: one for 16 years. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: 19 years. Um I bet your parents have some pretty cute photos of you at five holding. But like how like it's got to be like you're so set in how you play. Like changing your technique sounds sort of like a herculean task
SPEAKER_L: it really it's it's not fun um it's
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: just it's so instinctual at this moment I don't really it's not like I think about certain techniques or how I'm gonna I don't think about how I'm going to put my finger
SPEAKER_R: Where?
SPEAKER_L: down somewhere, it's just something that I see the music and I just do, it's instinctual, but but yeah, I mean it just takes a lot of mental Um when I'm practicing, I if you're not 100% there, you might as well not touch it. So if I ever revert back to an old habit, then I it's just ruining it. So it
SPEAKER_R: you gotta stop.
SPEAKER_L: does that's why do very little practice at the moment, I just um try and really uh nail down the right stuff and that's that's the only thing that's important and I know it's going to take time, so it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well that then that's exactly it. Like a year from now. You'll have new instincts or things like that. Hopefully less than a year from
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully,
SPEAKER_R: now. But
SPEAKER_L: hopefully that's
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: what I'm hoping on it, I'm sure it will take a couple of months, that's what I'm hoping
SPEAKER_R: trigger.
SPEAKER_L: I'm um well I'm actually very lucky that it's during this pandemic though because, um, there's nothing going on.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well like yeah like speaking like you're going you have some performances in Taiwan but like are any of the orchestra's or anything like that? And I'm sorry if I'm using the wrong vocabulary. They're not playing now I guess. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean,
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: most
SPEAKER_R: exported.
SPEAKER_L: proportional orchestras are actually a lot of them I know are at least in America are, most of them have taken a long hiatus. But um, I, yeah, I mean, in terms of, because most college students, we don't have careers or anything for sure, we're just, um, we usually have to compete quite
SPEAKER_R: You have strangers online for a couple of times
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then we have these
SPEAKER_R: paper.
SPEAKER_L: competitions a lot, which isn't the best, but, but those things are all stalled right now, that's the big thing. So I'm glad I don't because that is usually quite a bit of stress. Um, and that usually makes things worse. So I'm glad I don't have to do this for a couple months, hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: What so what so I had a friend who went to Juilliard as a dancer and she ended up not sort of quite making the cut to be a professional dancer,
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: ended up working for Google in like 2002. So she's quite happy with their like this is but um they basically at different points in the year had different companies come in and sort of scout the kids from Juilliard to potentially be members. Is that sort of the process for you guys? Like like what you've got 18 months left? Like what do you do in 18 months? And how do you get there?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, for us very much depends because, um, you're either one an orchestra musician, uh, a teacher, three a soloist or for chamber musician. Right? And then, so in for soloist and Chambers performance, people usually go towards throughout of competing and then trying to stand because you have to stand out in some way. It
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: kind of thinks. But orchestra of course, you just auditioned for an orchestra. Which is very much not easy. I mean, each
SPEAKER_R: Higher
SPEAKER_L: roll, there's like 1000 people auditioning.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say there can't be that many orchestras that pay for from salary.
SPEAKER_L: it's not easy. I mean, the big Orishas paper very much very well. Um,
SPEAKER_R: But then that's 10,000
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: people needed to see.
SPEAKER_L: it's very tough. Um, I'm not sure what, I, I'm not sure exactly which right I want to go. Um, I'm for, for the moment, I'm competing in some international competitions and hoping that stuff goes well. If not, that's okay. I'm just gonna um, probably auditioned for an orchestra. Orchestra honestly isn't what I really want to do right now. It's not my passion. I'm I don't love I don't love playing in the Merchant so that much. Um But if I if I mean it's not like I hate playing the violin because of that. So.
SPEAKER_R: It's probably better than being an accountant, you know, sort of.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I'm still doing something I love I still get to interact with something I love and and with that comes a teaching job I'm sure and I get to hopefully influence younger people in a great way. Hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: Do you? Um So my my wife I said is a writer,
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: so she took creative writing classes and all of that as an undergrad and then actually just started writing and trying to sell stories and stuff like that. But then she went back later on for like a masters and f is that sort of a route that you guys would,
SPEAKER_L: what is an M. F. A.
SPEAKER_R: it's a master's degree, it's a master of fine arts. But so basically she went to a university of Virginia for that, which is actually a pretty good school. And it was basically three or 4, It's similar like three or 4 really critically well reviewed authors unlike music or movies, like there isn't a ton of money in writing. So basically rope. But then they taught these seminars but it was basically just two years. A lot of kids Kids there were 26 or 27. Um They continue writing stories. A lot of them started writing their first novels and they basically review each other and critique them and give feedback on it. But I don't know like is there a similar thing for musicians or it's your into the professional world and you just go from there?
SPEAKER_L: Um Most people if they I don't want to say stall but it's it's quite a jump from just undergrad to a job. So most people do go to post uh graduate. Like most people do take two years of masters and if they can't apply for an orchestra or if they can't get in somewhere that they really want them they usually go into G. D. But G. D. Is very hard to get to. Um And then there's also like artist diploma which gives you like two years to prepare stuff like that. It's all very competitive. Such a competitive world which kind of sucks.
SPEAKER_R: Well I totally I mean I mean baseball is sort of a terrible analogy but
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure it's very similar in a lot
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: of ways.
SPEAKER_R: is very simple. So we have it's not a minor league team but we sort of have like independent, it's basically a semi professional team. And we go there because tickets are $10 compared to $150 for the mets game or something like that. And watching these guys play baseball You know they can throw 93 mph, 94. They hit 450 ft home runs and they're so astronomically good. And at the same time there so far from actually making it into the professional levels, it's um, it's tough, you know, the more enjoyable is, or more exciting, something is more people do it and then it's harder to get into.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and and the thing is the industry, I mean there's only so many teams and there's only, so I used to go to a school called Crossroads. Um
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: It's it's in santa Monica. It's um they're very well known for their sports which I am not not a part of it home. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Well I wasn't either, which is why my wife thinks it's ironic that I'm
SPEAKER_L: I mean I just I like to I mean I like to watch but I can't and I'm don't have the physique for it like a tiny little kid. But yeah I think um people like, like um it's known for its basketball but like shock Son and Lebron
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: are there and then it's very much a very private. Um But anyways it's um I at least I got to see some athletes every day and it's very interesting to see how um How, I mean how much they love it first of all. But also, I mean there there's like 6 10 people walking around
SPEAKER_R: And it's,
SPEAKER_L: before. So it's
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: you said shock son. That was my first question, like, how big is that
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: guy?
SPEAKER_L: fixed 10 when I was junior in high school You will fix 10 and I think he's like 6:11 now. But
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and I know he's unusually playing. Yeah, he's
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's funny.
SPEAKER_L: it is huge.
SPEAKER_R: Um But I mean that's the, so my son happens to do pretty well in school and um, it's sort of a struggle in the sense that, you know, we hear other parents say the kids like take three and four hours every night to do their homework and like he comes home, he does his homework in 20 minutes. And um, you know, he does a good job on it And we're just like, uh, like we feel good about it, but it makes us nervous. That's the real thing. Reason behind baseball is he's good enough to hang, but he's not great. And like if you strike out or something like that, but it's a very visible right about that.
SPEAKER_L: Don't.
SPEAKER_R: It's a very visible. You were not successful at this. So that's actually my secret hope is for him to just figure out that you like, you obviously learned it because I'm sure you've spent innumerable hours practicing. I need him to do something happens to enjoy baseball and just work really hard at it and show
SPEAKER_L: I failed, I've pretty much failed school. So high school was not, I I got straight sees the whole time. So was there something? I'm sure? I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: uh But you've got like everybody needs that one thing that sort of gets a group. You clearly have that. So
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: well, I mean, mm hmm. Hopefully you have it to the degree that you get to do exactly what you want. If you don't get there, you'll have something that you can do to sort of live off.
SPEAKER_L: I really hope so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I set that alarm. I'm enjoying china. Sure your college kids, you've got better things to do than talk to an old man, so,
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, no, no. Is this is the last thank you so much for talking. It was a lot better than I thought it would be. Honestly. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I have to have a good weekend. I hope everything goes well with the technique.