Yeah. How are you?
Yeah, I'm here.
Yeah, I guess for 25 minutes or so I've sort of never gone through this process before.
So
on earth
it was
this are you in for 25 minutes then?
Uh I live right uh north of New York City, about 20, minutes north of the city
uh with Covid I guess. Uh Yeah, I mean it was real bad here in March and april but things have sort of started to get back to normal a little bit, but um the cases seem to be picking up a little bit over the past week or two, so I think everybody sort of anticipating that things are going to go south a little bit. So
yeah, and all the schools are back in some of the town I actually live in. Um there there was one or two cases of positive tests and so the kids have been back um two days a week, two on three virtual, and they just announced the school is going to be shut for like three weeks at this point. So yeah, so I have two little kids. So where they've been basically watching Youtube videos for about eight months now? So, uh,
getting them on a schedule. How about you, were you from?
that's the, are you, would you have lived upside down, that's my timer to make sure I tuned into
a video. Would you have lived off campus anyway or is that sort of a function of like social distancing on campus now?
What
you are?
Okay. It's a musician.
do you, how does that work? Like how do you, I'm assuming you take theory classes and stuff like that, but like, I'm assuming you have to play with other students. How do you do that virtually.
Around,
see your junior, so you've been in boston for a couple of months. So boston is sort of like the thing I've always heard, is it like the size of the city, like triples because of all the college kids that are coming back, Like is it like a normal year or like our their kids walking around? I'm guessing all the bars and stuff like that are operating
much, much lower than they would previously.
That
after. That's funny. Um Cool. Where were you from originally?
Okay. What part?
So reading between the lines, but you've got chops, you're pretty good at this. Huh?
Chops. Like a C. H. O. P. S.
Work.
What is
interpreted?
What instrument do you
but violent. Got it.
That's
I mean it's uh I mean it is a stereotype but it's uh uh
Well it's uh my roommate in college was korean and he had a theory about that. Um But my kids, so I'm guessing your parents didn't let you sit around watching eight hours of Youtube, like I think that's the difference.
got
it.
It um it is it is a gift though, so I'm married my wife, I've got I've been married for 17 years at this point, but like we were high school sweethearts and you know, we dated other people for a while, but like I've just known her forever And she was basically,
I want to be a writer from age 14 on and like sort of constructed her studies around that, like even her jobs after school and now she she's pretty successful at it, whereas I was like 28 years old and I was like, I gotta figure something, it really is a blessing to have that one thing that you're gonna be able to focus on, do you think? I mean I'm assuming if you're the new England conservatory you're gonna try and play professionally after school.
That's
right. Um awesome. So what, how is uh you're used to it now, but I guess that must have been a change going from southern California to those boston winters, so I won't undergrad to harvard. So in Cambridge like close enough to you guys and I just remember being up there in like january and february and just like thank you everybody like Like no one had a 10, like everyone was just like white and I just remember like thinking like everybody looks like a skeleton or corporate. Uh but I'm from new york, so it's not that much different here, but California, like I have to imagine um like it's a complete change in terms of, however,
I believe that I am. So I had a job where I was, I was living in new york this community to Chicago during the week. I'm trying to figure out the timing, It was like 2014 or 2015 that they had the polar vortex. Were you there during that period?
I am. I remember just being at work one day and I was leaving in like 6:30 or seven and across the street, you know those old bank signs that tell you the time, then give you the temperature. I walked out and it said -26° outside. It's just like uh I think I just basically went from work to my apartment, took cabs, never went outside
grab
my best friend. And that that's how I sort
of
got,
I've learned in my middle age to pamper myself and just make sure I'm in like a climate controlled environment.
Well now it's actually a pretty nice time because it's in the 50s and 60s but the leaves change and stuff like that. But and even the winter I never found that bad but it was just like late february March where you were just like I'm ready for this to be over.
No.
Get those random storms. What uh is your family still in Orange County? So do you go back during the breaks and stuff like that or?
you guys But
all right. Cory I understand. What are you going back over the thanksgiving break or is it's too weird? How did you get here for the semester? Like how was flying? I have.
go
Got to.
thank
you spend the time there. Um
Got us a long flight. Uh
I mean what I don't even know like it's gotta be 12 13 hours I guess kind of.
Absolute. Uh you're you're still young even though you're suffering through an injury, but I'm 44 so like everything creaks a little bit more if I don't move it. All right.
Well, if you don't mind me asking, like what is the injury like? I'm assuming it's like in my head carpal tunnel pops into my head. I don't know if that's
there.
there.
I just ask how your anxiety level must have been incredibly high during that
period.
now we got
And I mean You went to New York so maybe there is a specialist in Boston, but the ones that you wanted to see, we're in New York, so you can get to go on a plane or train and go 250 miles away to a different city and there's get that pretty easy. How big is Taiwan? Like how how many people live there? Big.
23 million. Okay.
Therefore.
yeah, I mean uh pretty involved and complicated history there. So
Where were your parents are from? Are they from, where they, did they come from Taiwan or were they born here?
Okay.
no, I'm very much in the same boat. My parents are both irish, but they came from Ireland, which well you under California and new york I guess, you know?
Or
Yeah, no, that makes sense. Um So what else? So how much time do you when you're are you able to play now or just sort of deal with the pain, or?
my
I have two boys, I have a nine year old and a 12 year old, and because I'm a white suburban dad and we've basically been locked in our house, like I've been shoving baseball down my son's throat and he, I think he genuinely likes it, but um it's uh it's shocking to me because it's different from when I was a kid, but there's just a culture of like, professional coaches and all these travel teams and it's something that sort of knew but didn't realize quite to the extent of, so he's a he's a pretty good player, um but he's just behind his peers because they've been going in these coaches for years and years, but at this age he is um they're starting to throw curveballs. So
um I don't know if you ever played baseball, but like, so a kid um His age can throw 65 to 70 mph. Yeah, that's great. Not not all of them, but the best kids can, and uh he's gotten pretty good to like sort of get his timing down to be able to hit that, but they're throwing curveballs now. So if you throw a 65 mile per hour curve ball, you throw a 55 mile per hour, 65 mile per hour fastball, you throw 55 mile per hour curve ball. So he's got to basically train his hitting technique to basically just hit in a different way and be more patient. And he's really struggling with that and actually see like a parallel, like if you've been playing your junior, so say you're 2021 years old, I'm guessing you've been playing for
10,
19 years. Um I bet your parents have some pretty cute photos of you at five holding. But like how like it's got to be like you're so set in how you play. Like changing your technique sounds sort of like a herculean task
because
Where?
you gotta stop.
Well that then that's exactly it. Like a year from now. You'll have new instincts or things like that. Hopefully less than a year from
now. But
but
trigger.
All right. Well like yeah like speaking like you're going you have some performances in Taiwan but like are any of the orchestra's or anything like that? And I'm sorry if I'm using the wrong vocabulary. They're not playing now I guess. Right.
Is
exported.
You have strangers online for a couple of times
paper.
What so what so I had a friend who went to Juilliard as a dancer and she ended up not sort of quite making the cut to be a professional dancer,
ended up working for Google in like 2002. So she's quite happy with their like this is but um they basically at different points in the year had different companies come in and sort of scout the kids from Juilliard to potentially be members. Is that sort of the process for you guys? Like like what you've got 18 months left? Like what do you do in 18 months? And how do you get there?
Good.
Higher
I was gonna say there can't be that many orchestras that pay for from salary.
But then that's 10,000
people needed to see.
It's probably better than being an accountant, you know, sort of.
Do you? Um So my my wife I said is a writer,
so she took creative writing classes and all of that as an undergrad and then actually just started writing and trying to sell stories and stuff like that. But then she went back later on for like a masters and f is that sort of a route that you guys would,
it's a master's degree, it's a master of fine arts. But so basically she went to a university of Virginia for that, which is actually a pretty good school. And it was basically three or 4, It's similar like three or 4 really critically well reviewed authors unlike music or movies, like there isn't a ton of money in writing. So basically rope. But then they taught these seminars but it was basically just two years. A lot of kids Kids there were 26 or 27. Um They continue writing stories. A lot of them started writing their first novels and they basically review each other and critique them and give feedback on it. But I don't know like is there a similar thing for musicians or it's your into the professional world and you just go from there?
Well I totally I mean I mean baseball is sort of a terrible analogy but
it
is very simple. So we have it's not a minor league team but we sort of have like independent, it's basically a semi professional team. And we go there because tickets are $10 compared to $150 for the mets game or something like that. And watching these guys play baseball You know they can throw 93 mph, 94. They hit 450 ft home runs and they're so astronomically good. And at the same time there so far from actually making it into the professional levels, it's um, it's tough, you know, the more enjoyable is, or more exciting, something is more people do it and then it's harder to get into.
the
Well I wasn't either, which is why my wife thinks it's ironic that I'm
good.
And it's,
well
you said shock son. That was my first question, like, how big is that
guy?
That's crazy.
Okay, that's funny.
Um But I mean that's the, so my son happens to do pretty well in school and um, it's sort of a struggle in the sense that, you know, we hear other parents say the kids like take three and four hours every night to do their homework and like he comes home, he does his homework in 20 minutes. And um, you know, he does a good job on it And we're just like, uh, like we feel good about it, but it makes us nervous. That's the real thing. Reason behind baseball is he's good enough to hang, but he's not great. And like if you strike out or something like that, but it's a very visible right about that.
It's a very visible. You were not successful at this. So that's actually my secret hope is for him to just figure out that you like, you obviously learned it because I'm sure you've spent innumerable hours practicing. I need him to do something happens to enjoy baseball and just work really hard at it and show
uh But you've got like everybody needs that one thing that sort of gets a group. You clearly have that. So
well, I mean, mm hmm. Hopefully you have it to the degree that you get to do exactly what you want. If you don't get there, you'll have something that you can do to sort of live off.
Yeah. So I set that alarm. I'm enjoying china. Sure your college kids, you've got better things to do than talk to an old man, so,
I have to have a good weekend. I hope everything goes well with the technique.