Yeah. Yeah. Blood all over. All right thanks goodbye. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay wow okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah mm. Hello? How are you?
I didn't expect anyone to show up.
Um So I guess we're just supposed to talk about anything.
No
Dude
No 1's actually ever showed up.
I am what?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um So uh where where do you where do you live
wow. How is it there with the whole uh
Yeah I think probably because college I mean people are.
no
I am yeah actually I'm a college student in boston so yeah I actually am here in boston living in an apartment right now but actually did go to new york a few days ago or for some visit. But yeah it's um it's pretty good here. Think for the most part I think schools are pretty good on testing. Would you like I think total like few students have gotten here and there. But
But
yeah so I would have lived off campus because I'm a junior this year, but
my, well, I
I'm at the new England Conservatory.
Yeah, I'm a music student, so our school is really small, so one or two cases is pretty bad school. We do have two cases now, I hope it's okay, but I mean we don't really do anything in person at this point anyway, so. Yeah,
yeah, so um actually I was supposed to do orchestra and stuff this year, but um, I mean, I'm going through a slight injury right now, so I'm not really, I dropped out of Orchestra and chamber, but um, yeah, everything else is pretty much online. My teacher has been doing online lessons too, kind of a bummer, but um, but we're sometimes we meet here and there in person, but other than that everything's basically online. We have to test twice a week now
which is pretty bad.
I mean
it's definitely it's definitely different. There's less people on the streets for sure but in general I mean I've always been kind of more of an indoor guy so I usually just go to the practice rooms and then go back to my dorm. So um
For me
I'm from California.
I was in Orange County before we're on land sometimes L. A. Sometimes north cal but yeah and then I moved to Chicago. We're two or three years to study with the teacher there. But um it's yeah
not jobs per se. Um
I hope so. I've been playing
for 16
years
now. Sorry
violent.
there's a lot of As um Asian Americans or asians that are my school is like 80% Asian maybe. Yeah
it's
True. True.
It's not that it's more, I think asian parents usually, um like try and let their kids do as much activities as possible and
then
so we can probably hopefully find something that we actually like, I, I'm lucky that I found something that I actually really like doing, but some kids end up resenting there parents or something because it's so vigorous, which I understand too. So it's,
what?
Yeah, definitely. But um, yeah, no, I'm definitely very, very lucky that I get to do something that I really like. Um honestly if I wasn't doing this, if I didn't go to certain schools or certain teachers that I enjoyed, I could at least see myself being completely lost and don't know what I'm doing for sure because if I just got very lucky that I met certain people and stuff like
that.
I was actually um I moved to Chicago two years before coming here so it was really bad in Chicago.
Oh um no, luckily I was 2016 one year.
Yeah, that's
hard.
I
mean
I think it was last year didn't get to like -50. It was some crazy crazy.
exactly. I think at this point I'm actually I think I enjoy the cold more than I thought because California, there's like no seasons ever and that doesn't feel good for sure. Um
it's the length of it too and I mean january really really bad february were pretty bad market.
Yeah, March and april hopefully sometimes they still snow. It's kind of it's kind of crazy sometimes.
actually my yeah my parents are divorced so my mom's in north cal and my dad's in Orange County now. Yeah.
But I I usually go to north cal but it depends on their moods.
Well actually in March when we got let out from school altogether I actually went to Taiwan because um it's very controlled there um
And I have some relatives there. It was still very strange to me that I thought I was just going to be there for a month maybe. But I ended up staying there until late august and then I for two north cal for like a couple of weeks and then I came to school.
I'm for thanksgiving. I might go to Taiwan again. I have a few performances in december in Taiwan so I think that might as well go a little
early.
I think
it's very long.
On the way there it's 14.5 usually and on the way back it's it's not so bad just because the airlines are usually so great, like the service is great um And the food's pretty good usually. But yeah the fact that you can't lie down really does suck sometimes.
I've been um learning a lot more about the body this year, especially since I agree, but it's very interesting that every little little tiny thing and I mean as you said, I'm still very young which I'm very grateful for but if things are happening now this early on I got to figure it out.
Yeah so um actually it's it's this thing called um I well I met with a few specialists here and there and that's actually why I went to new york a couple of days, that's when it's finally been figured out, so actually it's only been figured out for four days now. Um I yeah I found out I um I was using uh my bicep a little too much on the line
so then there's a lot of pinched nerves and um and so on my hand was starting to shake and
I've always done like I guess I've always played the same way. It's just I never knew it was wrong and my body was so flexible and uh not everything was done growing yet, so it was it worked fine now since I think it's done growing. I think I'm starting to feel it gets shaky, gets very tense. So I think a few months of switching technique and also probably massaging and heating, but I'm pretty happy because it's been seven months since I.
I'm
usually a pretty calm relax with and so I don't it's not that I was so anxious or I was definitely worried. Um But it was more just being stuck in Taiwan at the time um specialists there. It's different because um well one it's cheaper there which is a lot nicer. But the other thing is there's not as many specialists because um it's a small country and people are there aren't so many uh like if there was a specialist he wouldn't have enough people to see. Uh
That's that's why America is so great because um I mean different culturally and people wise so there's a lot of I mean I've seen like five specialists and it's great because I get to see people that actually really really know what they're doing.
I think it's like 50 million people are, wait I can actually Taiwan 23 minutes.
It's very expensive.
Like a lot of people in a small area but it's the the land itself is tiny, tiny I think it's like the size of maybe even less than Rhode island. It's very very small but it's just a tiny little island but it's um it's a wonderful place um it's a lot more like America I would say than china, it's very, yeah,
yes it's very much um I don't know too much about it to be honest but I just know Taiwanese, great food, very good people.
Yeah they came from Taiwan maybe 23 24 years ago. Um
and then they I mean just the classic they moved here for a job and then they hope for Children I'm grateful for.
I said wow, that's very different. Um yeah my my parents came directly from Taiwan I think my dad's done some
better programming job and Walden and then things took from there. Yeah I'm just grateful, I want me here living in Taiwan.
Yeah, so actually before it wasn't so much pain, it was just shakiness, so a fact that I couldn't play because it was too painful, it was more just I couldn't really do much because every time I put it on it shakes, but now it's totally I mean it's it's something that I need to work on, so now I I probably touch it around an hour a day which is very not much but I have to just focus on retraining everything really and kind of smooth but it's okay,
no, so
Or
I'm
one for 16 years. Yeah
it really it's it's not fun um it's
just it's so instinctual at this moment I don't really it's not like I think about certain techniques or how I'm gonna I don't think about how I'm going to put my finger
down somewhere, it's just something that I see the music and I just do, it's instinctual, but but yeah, I mean it just takes a lot of mental Um when I'm practicing, I if you're not 100% there, you might as well not touch it. So if I ever revert back to an old habit, then I it's just ruining it. So it
does that's why do very little practice at the moment, I just um try and really uh nail down the right stuff and that's that's the only thing that's important and I know it's going to take time, so it's okay.
Hopefully,
hopefully that's
what I'm hoping on it, I'm sure it will take a couple of months, that's what I'm hoping
I'm um well I'm actually very lucky that it's during this pandemic though because, um, there's nothing going on.
Yeah, I mean,
most
proportional orchestras are actually a lot of them I know are at least in America are, most of them have taken a long hiatus. But um, I, yeah, I mean, in terms of, because most college students, we don't have careers or anything for sure, we're just, um, we usually have to compete quite
Yeah. And then we have these
competitions a lot, which isn't the best, but, but those things are all stalled right now, that's the big thing. So I'm glad I don't because that is usually quite a bit of stress. Um, and that usually makes things worse. So I'm glad I don't have to do this for a couple months, hopefully.
Well, yeah,
yeah, for us very much depends because, um, you're either one an orchestra musician, uh, a teacher, three a soloist or for chamber musician. Right? And then, so in for soloist and Chambers performance, people usually go towards throughout of competing and then trying to stand because you have to stand out in some way. It
kind of thinks. But orchestra of course, you just auditioned for an orchestra. Which is very much not easy. I mean, each
roll, there's like 1000 people auditioning.
it's not easy. I mean, the big Orishas paper very much very well. Um,
no,
it's very tough. Um, I'm not sure what, I, I'm not sure exactly which right I want to go. Um, I'm for, for the moment, I'm competing in some international competitions and hoping that stuff goes well. If not, that's okay. I'm just gonna um, probably auditioned for an orchestra. Orchestra honestly isn't what I really want to do right now. It's not my passion. I'm I don't love I don't love playing in the Merchant so that much. Um But if I if I mean it's not like I hate playing the violin because of that. So.
I mean I'm still doing something I love I still get to interact with something I love and and with that comes a teaching job I'm sure and I get to hopefully influence younger people in a great way. Hopefully.
I mean
what is an M. F. A.
Um Most people if they I don't want to say stall but it's it's quite a jump from just undergrad to a job. So most people do go to post uh graduate. Like most people do take two years of masters and if they can't apply for an orchestra or if they can't get in somewhere that they really want them they usually go into G. D. But G. D. Is very hard to get to. Um And then there's also like artist diploma which gives you like two years to prepare stuff like that. It's all very competitive. Such a competitive world which kind of sucks.
I'm sure it's very similar in a lot
of ways.
Yeah and and the thing is the industry, I mean there's only so many teams and there's only, so I used to go to a school called Crossroads. Um
It's it's in santa Monica. It's um they're very well known for their sports which I am not not a part of it home. Huh?
I mean I just I like to I mean I like to watch but I can't and I'm don't have the physique for it like a tiny little kid. But yeah I think um people like, like um it's known for its basketball but like shock Son and Lebron
are there and then it's very much a very private. Um But anyways it's um I at least I got to see some athletes every day and it's very interesting to see how um How, I mean how much they love it first of all. But also, I mean there there's like 6 10 people walking around
before. So it's
very
Well
fixed 10 when I was junior in high school You will fix 10 and I think he's like 6:11 now. But
yeah, and I know he's unusually playing. Yeah, he's
it is huge.
Don't.
I failed, I've pretty much failed school. So high school was not, I I got straight sees the whole time. So was there something? I'm sure? I'm sure.
Hopefully.
I really hope so.
Oh no, no, no. Is this is the last thank you so much for talking. It was a lot better than I thought it would be. Honestly. Right.