Hi,
how are you?
I'm crying. I'm great.
You know what I did? I did it once before. How about you?
No.
cool. Okay. Well
it's really fun. We just get to talk about whatever we want to talk about this.
I'm in New Jersey. Where are you?
Oh you are. Oh wow.
Um, you know what? Today was the most magnificent day. It was about seven, let's say. It was probably the high was about 75 and
completely sunny and had like a little cool breeze. We've had really hot weather, but today it was like the, Actually the meteorologists. I watched the news um, said it was a 10, it was a 10 plus.
I
was gonna ask if you get accustomed to it, like if you, you know, you just say, oh, you know what, this is a usual day.
no, I'm not. I'm actually a mom and I have, I have three teenagers. One is getting ready to go to college. So we're going through that and it's going to be on campus living. So um yeah, he's one of the lucky ones because a lot of colleges around here um and in the neighboring states are not having um you know the kids move in. So I don't know if you heard about the news but like Purdue just had an outbreak of the covid on campus and um
well you guys are having outbreaks right right now.
I
want
to,
Yeah. Oh my gosh we were, I'm from new york so we go to new york a lot to see my relatives and um they're stopping all the cars now with the bridges the police are, well they're really like, they're like hired sheriffs and they went and they randomly pick like every eight car or something.
No,
they actually want to know where you've been, where you're coming from. Um You know what
are you doing in new york? Yeah I've seen them take pictures of license plates. And my daughter and I were following behind somebody. We went yesterday from texas and we thought oh my gosh they're going to be
stopped
they're gonna be sad. But I think if you lie to them they can trace like you know where you're coming from and they're only doing it like on the entry into new york on the New Jersey side. They're not doing it but we were
here yeah we've been severe lockdown you know we really went into it. Um And like the spring and so.
Yeah at least you could keep working. You know a lot of the people just got furloughed or you know laid off. It's
I know up here in the tri state area in new york, New Jersey Connecticut, it's been very difficult for people and we don't have we can't eat in restaurants and the beautiful restaurants are going out of business and three
is
that
mom? Mom,
absolutely. You guys have to wear masks wherever you go.
required
here.
yeah. Oh yeah, definitely. No people go anywhere without a mask, we're even supposed to wear it when we're walking or jogging, you know, but some people, you know, just can't, you can't do that. But definitely, you know, you get like yelled at the store if you try to get in and you don't have anything on you. People are really good. I mean everybody is taking it really seriously and a little
ignorant.
All
right, so I know,
they've
been like, they've had like, like I think, I don't know if you have whole foods down there. You do. Yeah. There was a big story about somebody going to whole foods and somebody getting yelled at and I was on the news and it became like a really big deal and but just wait for it. I mean they come in all different colors now. It's no big deal.
recourse.
That's
what
happens.
I
know.
Well,
you know what? I bet he learned a big lesson. You can't treat people like that.
And some
people
just
need like a gentle reminder. You know, you don't have to scream at them and be nasty and all
that. Mm hmm.
Can
only
be
it.
I know that's what
happened.
Nikki.
I put on like, you know those cheater reader glasses now to look and then pretty soon lo and behold, I'm all steamed up and I can't read what I read in the store. Uh huh. Sure.
I
don't know.
Well that's pretty cool. You don't have a southern accent?
Do most
people?
Oh you're froze a little bit, can you still see me?
good. Okay good. We're getting through this um now is that unusual not to have an accent?
frank.
You're
gonna
you know what I would say Northeast? I definitely
would.
What you said texas? I thought wow I can't believe it.
And then
I thought
you were transplant. Maybe you came from a pier and
you had transferred there.
I
love
it.
Oh that's so cool. Now do you write, can I ask you ride horses?
call.
my
daughter.
No
my daughter loves, that's all she listened to. Yeah, yep.
She's always
loved
my screen.
I'm sorry. Oh that's that's hard. Yeah.
that's what happens the second time around Flash.
do you have a hat? Do you own a hat? Like
that was
So
maybe
or maybe always um you know things that people say about Texans. Is it even in fact true.
that's so cool.
that's
okay. I know allergies. We I don't know if you have it down there but we have ragweed here and it grows wild and it starts to it starts to grow like around this time in august and it'll last till the first frost when after the frost comes to get it dies. But I have a terrible allergy to that. So I've been Having Benadryl at night and doing a little flown 8s in the day and so feel free to take your tissues. You know the story? It's allergies. If you live in New Jersey you have an allergy. It's amazing. I don't know anybody who doesn't have an allergy.
And I'll be lucky. You're lucky doesn't last a really long time. So what time is it there for you? What time is
it?
Yes, that's right. So you think that our behind? Oh that's not bad. I thought you were two hours blind.
don't know,
exciting
wow. That's
very
exciting.
Now what about those fires? I hope he's not near those fires in California.
There's so
many
they're yeah, they're from napa valley all the way down they were saying. Yeah
it's
Oh that's good. The one in boot camp. That's really amazing. And they do that in the heat, right?
When
you're kidding
me.
that's
high
percentage.
Well
the poorest.
Oh the poor
saying.
the
poor thing
you,
I'm sure. Yeah. Well
I
know to people who passed from it, so they were, yeah, there were two fathers in our town and they didn't
have any underlying medical conditions and they just got it and they ended up in ICU lingered for a while and then they succumb to the disease. So it just um you know what they were saying about if you have underlying conditions, I'm sure you're more prone to it. But these people were not and they got so sick so
fast.
That's why when I hear
anybody
positive like nephew, I think. Oh my God, you know, Gosh, like he's very lucky.
finished
it off.
Oh, that's great. Yeah. Because you don't want
to
do that.
Yeah. I would have been extremely worried being a mom. But you know, he was taken care of, oh
we just
see what, how we're doing. I got 18
after. We're doing
great.
you're an easy person to talk to.
Well
well
well it's funny
you should ask um you know what I was watching um Shits Creek, did you see that? That was
the real,
yeah I didn't watch the whole thing but um you know I recently got into I don't know do you have to tell you I recently
gotten, you do okay. I was watching Big Little Lies on HBO Go um with over a year ago and then Reese Witherspoon stopped production on that and she um she got this, she made this one called I think it was fires everywhere. A little fires everywhere only lasted one season but it was amazing and I binge watched it one weekend and then um at the end I googled wasn't renewed and it wasn't she went on to something so but it was really good called little fires everywhere
and
Yeah it's
it's really good. You should, I would highly recommend it. Yeah.
This one
to be one
loved Big Little Lies Love.
and it can
have,
the contest was amazing.
Are
you watching anything? Looks good?
we have that.
That's so funny. You know what? I was flipping through channels and I did you ever did you ever watch catch a smuggler? It's about the people who try to smuggle drugs into America from different countries.
It's very
interested in the border. You know the border police are in the airport and how they really um you know some of them swallow the drugs and they're going to explode in any moment. Very interesting. But I was flipping channels and I found myself stopping on that one just mesmerized by, oh my God what happened to this person? You know a man woman. I mean it doesn't matter who it is they all try to do it you know for the almighty buck that they're going to earn which is really not worth
it at all
because
journals, yep. And it's amazing how they're so set up and but they're so stereotypical because the average one doesn't carry any money and he says he's going to be in America for a month but he doesn't have any credit cards or any way to pay for hotels and you know they just fall into the draft. It's it's really interesting to watch
weary.
Absolutely
Did they grab
anybody
the best with dad? I bet
they
got
people.
Did
you ever if you like crime did you ever watch live P. D. When it was on on friday, saturday night?
I know but it makes you want to hang in there and see what's going to happen.
love shows with that it's
and
and then
go ahead.
Yeah and like the Dateline and 48 hours that type
of thing. Yeah they're real more realistic definitely.
Yeah I mean
either. I
know.
me too definitely. I know and unfortunately there seemed to be too many stories to put on you know
there's
just outdoor that they can grab and it's it's sad but
it makes for
good tv good tv
for us for a while.
What?
America's Got Talent. Very good. Yeah.
that's what I love.
I know
it's really good like you almost think like why can't they take everybody and make one big show? I always feel bad because those
people are so
talented.
me
too.
Well
we
don't
get
them
on the radio, nope. Yeah,
I know,
it
is very
weird. Yeah,
I
know. Uh
I do love animals.
I always have two cats, but right now I just have 11 passed away a couple years ago and my other one is a little Persian and she's only about £5 and I didn't want to, she's 16, and I didn't want to get another one too, she's very docile and she's never she's never hissed or growled or she doesn't have any aggressive bone and bones in her body, so I figured she'll about her senior years alone and she's doing quite well alone, but I love animals, I love them. Do you have any pets?
No?
my cereal,
Oh that's so cute. Mine was just here,
but she jumped down so right
is stretched
that's not true.
Texas cerebral minds angel. And
she looks just like an angel. The vet
says
she's so angel
angel. Yeah, and
she's so well named because she is just the ultimate angel. But uh I just she's in great shape, she's just thin. But you know what, 90 year old is not thin, you know,
I think it is part of aging. And um my mom, her cat was a Himalayan And he
just passed away and he was 20. So
so
favorite frog.
wow, he's a
big boy.
Yeah. Yeah, as he ages, he'll probably slim down a little bit.
that passed away was 15 lbs. She was over 15 lbs and she liked her little cat treats. Uh
And
one,
it's been great to me. You won't talk to you too. Thank you
for this.
Like what?
Thank you so much,
Have a good
night
you to stay healthy and well, but by