Hi
and
you know you're very good thanks, how are you?
Have you done this before?
No, I never have.
So I had signed up and then I wasn't able to do it at that time, so then they let me reschedule to now, so Yeah.
Yeah.
where are you?
I'm in texas.
What's your weather like?
that's so
That sounds like a lovely day now. Here you walk outside and it's like an oven follows you. An open oven door follows you everywhere you go. So if we live on Saturn or something, I don't know, but it's hot. I don't know what the temperature is today, but I know earlier in the week it was like a heat index of 103 or something like that. So it's hot. But that's texas for you. It's funny because I was born and raised here, but you would never know it by the way, I wind about the heat. You would think I was born somewhere else. I've lived in my whole life but I still like
to learn about it so.
Yeah. It's just so hot anyway that are you working from home right now or are you?
I heard a sorority at the university had a bad outbreak, so that was making the whole campus, but I don't remember where that was, Maybe that was over there on the east Coast, I don't know.
Yeah, I think it's finally starting to calm down but for the longest time here when everybody else was kind of reopening, we were surging in cases here. But um I always blame the holidays like the 4th of July and all that people, I think we're getting together when they shouldn't have and it was causing like a surge. But um yeah, I work at a university and we're going to have on campus learning to, we're going
to
have
um yeah dorms are gonna be um I think there's definitely gonna be like cutting down on the capacity but um but yeah like uh so we're still working remotely though, I work kind of for like a research office, I'm able to work from home but um but I should be going back on campus at some point in the fall but not full time I don't think, I think they're still gonna want us to work half home, have half of the office so. Yeah.
Do they take your temperature or something
or?
That's wild.
What
are you doing here?
I need
Yeah I went on vacation the week of the 9th March I think that's what it was and when I got when I that friday I got an email saying don't come to work on monday, like, you know I mean? And then I haven't been back in my office since then. I've got up once to get a monitor for my computer because Sometimes I work on things that have like 15 attachments and my laptop screens always so big. So like I needed another monitor. So I went up there to get one of those. But that's the only reason I've gone up there. So it's kind of, it's wild. I hope this vaccine comes soon in a treatment and were able to get back to normal. So
that's true.
I know
a lot of
our local places. Yeah, I hear you. It's um, yeah, we don't, I mean, I think like maybe twice a week we'll get food take out, you know? But yeah, we're still limiting ourselves. My mom lives with me and she's 82 and
so she's really healthy, but you know, she's kind of in that bracket of kind of high risk. So we try to limit as, you know, people don't come over that kind of thing until we know that this is, you know, really over with because we don't want to compromise her. And also
Um Yeah, I mean, I mean it's Yeah, I guess you could say it's required. I mean,
I think
I don't think I've been to a business lately at all. That doesn't have a sign on the door that says, you know, master required. So what about you guys?
I think
so. I think so here too. I don't get out outside to jog or anything because it's so hard. But but yeah, I went to CBS one day and I heard the girl at the register say, I'm sorry you can't come in without a mask. And I looked at her because I had my mask, but I turned around and there was a guy coming in without when he just walked right back out. So I see those videos online about these people who make scenes about, you know, they don't want to wear a mask
and
we're all deep for, you know, whatever. And I'm like, oh my gosh, I just don't understand. I understand people.
So
I know exactly. We have at work. Well, you know, they provide, they mailed us all a lot of little white cotton masks, but um, I've bought some of the etc that were like cute fabric and um, so yeah, I know what you mean, but there was one video I saw from Costco and I think I have from florida where this guy just starts yelling and apparently it was because some lady told him to put on a mask or that he should be wearing one and she apparently was an elderly lady so this guy kind of got in the middle to like kind of defend her but he videotaped this guy and it turns out he was like an insurance salesman twitter, find out who he was about, who he was
like he got fired because
he was
so
ugly, he
was
so ugly to her. And so it was just remember that happened a couple weeks ago so was wild
but
I know I just oh my gosh you know if you don't want to wear one then just don't go anywhere or be prepared to you know be met with that so I don't know
it's
kind
of kind.
I know
I can't think of any place I've been lately other than that CVS time that I have been around anybody with does not have the mask on. So I don't I just don't see it. I
try
not to go
out with my glasses on though with my mask because
it fogs up my glasses. If
I know
I'm going to go. Yeah,
I know where to go and start to put on my contacts so that I can wear my mask and I have any problems.
Mine are both like distance and reading but I wear contacts that you know, I can, they're both different prescription the eyes so I can use one for reading one for distance.
So
if I know I'm gonna go out I'll just put my contacts in so I don't have to worry about the fog.
I know, I don't, it was funny. I went to college on the East Coast and everyone was disappointed that I didn't talk like with a texas accent. Yeah,
it's kind
of funny.
That's what I do. Yeah, I can see you.
I don't know. I'm not sure. I wonder if it's because, you know, I heard multiple languages in my house, so I wonder if I just didn't pick
it up. Um But it's what's funny is is that for some reason, and I don't know what it is about what I say, but people used to think I was from new york and I used to think it was just because I wore black a lot and I talked fast, but apparently some people for some reason like, are you from new york? And I'm like, no, I'm like, but I don't know. It's apparently somehow I dropped my ours or something, and people think
I'm from new
york now.
well
you know
my
whole
life
now,
No, but I've been, I was born in Dallas and raised here. What was funny when I was in college though, we had an answering machine and my dad would call and leave a message and everybody would laugh because they can hear his accent and I used to not be able to, but when I heard him on the answering machine, I was like, oh my God, he totally has an accent,
so yeah,
I don't really
know what that's funny. Yeah.
No, my dad did have a ranch, um we had a
ranch in bandera texas. Um but I've never been a country kind of girl, I don't like country music, I don't, I don't do any of that. My sister's love country music, um
but
none of this
you do.
Yeah
I don't care
for it.
Yeah well she may get along great with my nieces and my sister so. Yeah. Yeah so but we're not very we're not very like country people like that were a little more city like we're not but my dad did have that ranch and he had like chickens and all kinds of stuff out there. Um he he had that up until um he died uh about 10 years ago from cancer and he sold
smoker all his life so you know lung cancer got him once and he was able to get it treated in the second time. It was a lot more aggressive and so.
but yeah no so we're not I'm not at all kind of a a typical text that I guess you know
I don't know college, I did wear black cowboy boots, but that was it. Um
I don't have a hat, no. Yeah, I don't know. None of my family really wears, they have my grandfather did, but that's it. Yeah,
I don't
drive
What? No, I'm sure there's areas where it would definitely apply, you know, I mean like, I mean, I can think of some people I know who who ride horses even keep horses in their backyard because they live far enough out of the city that they do. So I definitely know people like that, but I'm just not one of them. I lived in the city my whole life and yeah, so my allergies
are acting up, so that's why I'm like mike open
earlier.
Yeah. It's funny my sisters and my mom have seasonal allergies at different times than I do. So I think we're just allergic to different things versus like me and my brother in law and a couple other people I know are sick at different times and I don't know what we're allergic to. I've never been to an allergist, maybe I should, but it's not too bad, it just kind of lasts for a week or so and then it goes on. But.
it's
It's 6:00, so I think you're eastern were central.
No, no, just one hour. Yeah. And I'm trying to get used to time zones to because both of my nephews have moved away like one just finished boot camp at um for the navy and in Illinois now he's in south Carolina, so
he's
an hour ahead like you. Uh huh.
I
know
it is exciting. I didn't want him to go, but he's really happy and you know, I'm I'm happy. He's happy. So, and then my other nephews now in California, so he's two hours behind us and so, um, so now when I want to call or text and I think what time does he in? Like, I'm always like, I'm confused. Like which one? Which one is where? So? Yeah,
I don't think so. He's in lancaster California. It's like an hour outside of L. A. And I think the fires are little more north. I think I'm not positive,
but
yet.
Um,
I don't think so. I just talked to him last night and he was just saying how, you know, it's really hot there where he is too, but it's not as humid as it is here, so it's not so bad. So, um, but yeah, um,
I do. What's really crazy is he left in May and when he left in May he knew he was going to go to Chicago for two weeks for an isolation for a quarantine before starting boot camp. So they had them in a hotel two to a room and doing like temperature tracks and all that. He goes and he starts boot camp and he's fine but like Almost two weeks in he gets sick and he has covid
my nephew.
so
and like I think they said of his 30 the 30 people in his troop I think 23 had it, they tested positive so someone was giving
it to
that
all around and so they all had to go into quarantine. So his boot camp that should have been however many weeks was two weeks longer because he had to be in the infirmary for two weeks
and
then he was able to I know but he was he was always sick. He said for maybe like not quite a week like when we talked to him he was able to call home every day. Um He just said you know it started where he just felt really tired and then he woke up shivering and it was the fever
and
then they tested him the next day and they got the results I think the next day and he was positive. So yeah. Um
But
I think one
of the kids though wanted up having to go home. He got so sick so
the
other
harmful
that's
fine,
that's
all man.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean because I know you hear all kinds of stories young and old you know you know super healthy and they get it and they're just like in the hospital and a little later and you're like what? You know, But no my nephew thank goodness. Yeah, he was able to kind of get over it pretty quickly and um but he said it it felt like he'd been hit by a truck and he just said like the sore throat and just you know, but he was able to you know, get
well pretty quickly
so. Yeah.
thank
goodness.
No, no I was like oh my gosh and then his mom had been so far away and she was so worried, I understood we just were like well you know they're gonna take good care of him, you know? And they did so Yeah.
Oh
that's
but hey
me
too. Yeah, we're doing good.
Yes, maybe here you are too. So what do you
watch any
shows on netflix or anything?
No.
I think
I tried to watch it a long time ago and like I just sort of I didn't continue with it. Yeah but it was funny.
I do
I
think my sister was watching it and we kept and she didn't want to talk to me about it because I read the book um It was based on a book and so she didn't want me to tell her anything. So I don't I think I talked to her last week about it. I think she still has a couple of episodes to finish so we can talk about it yet. But yeah I read the book I don't remember I don't remember a lot but I've heard that the ending of the show is different than the ending in the book.
So.
Yeah. No it's
on my list.
Would you like Big Little Lies?
it was a good book. Um That author her name is Liane moriarty. She writes really good book. She's a good storyteller. So I've enjoyed
I
think everybody okay.
Yeah. Yeah they were really good. So um so I enjoyed that. I enjoyed that one too. Yeah I saw that
one.
The reason I ask is because earlier when we were my work we have like a weekly um meeting and we wind up talking about unsolved mysteries on netflix. Like the whole time I was just wondering if you happen to be watching it. It's you know it's an old show it used to be on you know regular tv and netflix brought it back for they have six shows right now and they're going to bring in another six shows sometime later this year. But most of them are kind of like true crime related. I think there's one episode right now that's on UFOs. But me and a couple of my coworkers, we like to watch the I. D. Channel, which is that True crime channel? So
we're all the ones about the crimes or whatever. It's kind of funny but yeah.
my gosh.
No.
Drug
meal,
that's what they're called. Drug mules. Yeah.
Yeah, there was a while there, but for work I was traveling a lot internationally a couple of years ago and one time, you know, so I was sort of used to customs and all of that. But then one time I came back on a flight from Amsterdam to Dallas and I want you to know, I've never saw so many drug dogs at the, at the luggage
carousel. Well, because you know, Amsterdam is, I guess a lot of people use marijuana there or
something and it was so funny. But I've seen like a drug dog hand there when you know, when I came back from somewhere else. But when Amsterdam that flight, they were like dogs everywhere. Sniffing luggage
was
like,
I
don't
know,
I remember, I can't remember if they sat down or if they barked or what happened. I think they sat down and I didn't pay attention because I was just so wanted my luggage and to get out of there and to go home. But I think they alerted on someone that that flight. Yeah, but it would and
so
Yeah. I think, um, I think I started watching it when it was like a top 40 of live pd, so it was all the really good ones where you know because sometimes you can watch it a lot doesn't happen you know? Um But these were all like the cases where there was a lot of action and there's another show on I. D. That's very similar I think it's called body cam. So it's all the cameras that you know and that show I watched against my better judgment because I get so anxious watching that show I'm so nervous for the cops and whatever and so.
Yeah definitely definitely. Yeah. Yes
I know
I
went
I was just gonna say you know I like shows like Law and Order and things like that but I like it when it's real you know because a lot of times those shows they solve things so easy or they make it look so you know whatever. So I like real stories about real people so that's why I kind of like those stories on I. D. And steps so. Yeah.
No.
Yeah I think it's um I think I watched because I want to learn from people's mistakes but that I also want to you know kind of bear witness to their story too and that kind of thing. I don't like things that glorify serial killers or anything like that. I don't like that. Um
But
no
I don't like when they like talk about charlie Manson or whatever you know I don't like anything like that but I like to hear about stories about people and I always like it when people get caught they get punished so. Yeah.
I
know
I know I
know
that's true
and my
mom is into um she likes to watch that talent show that comes and I think NBC that America's Got Talent.
likes to watch it. And so sometimes a lot of times I'll watch it when it's down to like the top 10 people or whatever because sometimes
before that I'm just like okay I wouldn't buy a ticket to see those people in Vegas like I've always liked whatever, but
usually when it gets down to like the last 10 or 15 they're really good interesting.
That's
truly
yeah, that's a good idea. That's true. And what's weird is that like and I used to go to Vegas more when I was younger but like I wonder how many of these people really do become like, you know popular or famous because like I know I've had this conversation with other people like that show The Voice. I love to watch it but
no
one ever becomes famous from that
like
you know
not
like
american
because like
it's just weird and some of
them are
good.
so I don't
know.
that's funny. But yeah and do you have any pets?
What do you have? Yeah.
I have a cat uh
he's asleep right here snoring so I could hear him so that's why I'm kind of laughing. Um He's black and white, he's 12 years old and um he spoiled rotten, he's a mama's boy, he follows me wherever I go and like
now I have like a home office when I have to close the door to make sure like I don't hear the tv or whatever when I'm on a call he will get so mad at me if I shut the door and he's not in the room you know he'll sit there and you can hear him banging on the door on the outside trying to get my attention. That's so funny. But so I made sure he was in here when I got on this call so because otherwise he'd be at the door banging it. So
and
yeah
I don't he's knocked out I don't think I can get him to wake up and come over here. But yeah his name's maximilian so yeah max
but maximilian when he's in trouble so yeah he's
cute.
What's
her name?
Angel.
Yeah.
that's true.
Hello?
Oh wow that's a good long life. Yeah. Yeah
maximilian.
Yeah he's a little bit of a portly boy my boy. He's he's he's I think he's well he's a big boy just anyway he's a big cat. But I think the last that we just went to the vet like earlier this summer because he had um I could tell he had something going on with his eye that would like I kept trying to do little compresses and it wasn't so I think he scratched his eye. They just gave me some drops. But he went in and he was £17.5. So
he's
a big boy. So yeah,
I hope so. My that was like, you know, we need to start making sure he's not eating too many snacks or whatever and was like his mom and had like to snack. She can't they can't help it. Yeah.
he does too. That's funny. Well it's been
so
nice talking to you.
we'll
get
I hope your baby in college has a good year
or
step
you to stay healthy.