SPEAKER_L: was punctual, you can get some men. Yeah. Oh, it's still grow. Yeah, but I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, well they say something so I can have a conversation with myself if you get a job. Mhm Yeah. Fuck it. Yeah. Hi. Yes I do. Okay. Mhm Okay. I have a choice. Oh no.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry I didn't mean to scare you.
SPEAKER_L: No, it was an excited gas. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah sorry I was late. Um I'm getting going this morning. Um I might go by the way,
SPEAKER_L: Hi Michael, I'm Jordi
SPEAKER_R: that's me.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you. I'm gonna start a timer I guess we don't have a prompt, huh?
SPEAKER_R: No, is there? I think the other page has a timer on it at the bottom. You said you click the link on it but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay, well just in case, so how are you, Michael? Where you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Tennessee right
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: you're you're
SPEAKER_R: how about
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: you're not from there.
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm originally um from Trinidad and Tobago in the caribbean. Yeah I left when I was a little kid to don't have to memories of it.
SPEAKER_L: okay. With your family, They came here. What? But where were
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: you raid is what I meant, I'm sorry, mm
SPEAKER_R: lived in queens new york for a while. Yeah it's we traveled a lot so we went from queens new york too. Popular beach florida to long beach California to Dallas texas, the Dell high Louisiana. The Jackson Tennessee Chattanooga Tennessee Yeah
SPEAKER_L: A lot
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: of Uh huh the reason you get all too much.
SPEAKER_R: Um Mostly because just work uh
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: different jobs that he was doing and it would
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: always places for a few months at a time and
SPEAKER_L: I'm hard on
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: you today. Was that hard and you guys growing up? Mhm
SPEAKER_R: was I never really like growing up, I never really got to like make friends or anything like that because it wasn't always the new kid and then I was gone, so
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: feel
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: that, I mean well mine
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: in my experience, so I'm in Albuquerque, new Mexico. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: cool.
SPEAKER_L: My mom is from like the States but my dad is from Mexico and so I kind of back and forth between the two countries and so like
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I had a bit more time probably make friends, but it was still hard, just like leaving and coming back with always a challenge so I can kind of relate. It's pretty hectic that that kind of lifestyle, you know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, it's it's hard, you never feel comfortable because
SPEAKER_L: word
SPEAKER_R: as soon as you get comfortable you're on the move again. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: exactly, it's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and then uh yeah after um we were in Jackson Tennessee and uh but I was still a little and that's when my dad passed away,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: I've got a job in Chattanooga, so we moved to Chattanooga and then I finished college and everything and then I moved to Chicago revive and then came back to check again. Yes, so like because my mom is getting older and so I could be around her and stuff like that. Um
SPEAKER_L: Are you working right now?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a writer. Uh yeah, I work as a writer right now. A friend of mine who's a theater artist in new york is doing this crazy interactive video game project. Got me up like but a month ago and he was just like, would you be interested in writing for this? And I was like, yeah, definitely.
SPEAKER_L: come home.
SPEAKER_R: We got a grant and everything to work on it now. It's the perfect time because everybody's at home afraid of it.
SPEAKER_L: well I'm a gay american times. I'm afford to what you guys make.
SPEAKER_R: It's a it's it's there's a tourist attraction to traction attraction in Tennessee called the lost seats pretty much like an underground cavern, what bottom boats that you get on and you could see the water and stuff below you. And uh he was doing a theater project where he was talking about like racism and stuff in the south. So he's using the Lost Sea as a metaphor or this too is attraction where you know like uh to to explore like the racism and everything that happens. So now I have to research the Lost see and and right. And I have to look up how to write video game scripts because I have no idea.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah totally. What what kind of writing did you do before this
SPEAKER_R: Please. Mostly plays and short
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: stories. Yeah. Yeah. My major in college was uh that was a double major english creative writing and theater directing. Mm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh mhm I thought about going into writing at some point too but I don't think I'm good at it so I stuff
SPEAKER_R: Then you might be better than you think a
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: of it to do with confidence. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No I was talking to a friend yesterday also like um so I've tried I've tried a bit of like all of the arts so I tried film too and he said that like you just I never feel quite that great at Fillmore pretty mention like any art because it's just there's always gonna be somebody better than you and somebody more creative all these things and just when you master the technique is when you can start like experimenting and finding your own voice but that hope before that you just go through so many doubts and stuff and yeah it's just um it's crazy. I always thought I'd like go into the arts but I like yeah confidence is something I really, really lack, so right now I'm just doing psychology. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's uh it goes back to that saying we're our own worst judges, you know? So we always think that um we're probably not as good as we actually are, I would say if you're interested in and give it a shot. Six.
SPEAKER_L: mean I write for like little things just like if I have to write for a scholarship or I found like a scholarship for like a blogging type of scholarship and that kind of motivates me to get writing and I send my application and stuff. But yeah, for like myself or my own projects, like I can't I can't get with it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's tough to get started. But I've always done it since I was a kid to like Yeah. Yeah, and it was it was very very stupid stuff, you know, like little kids writing, but I've always just been interested in that and then just just creating stuff I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Well I think like the people who start off as kids is like the best time to slide up because you start off playing, you know, like there's no expectation and so you can really experiment with the craft right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: And it was her,
SPEAKER_R: it's a I have an eight year old nephew um and he's he's creating his own comic books, you know, like he's just like, he's
SPEAKER_L: Look
SPEAKER_R: a he's not allowed to play too many video games, but he's huge Minecraft fan. So
SPEAKER_L: and.
SPEAKER_R: when it's to visit, it's always Minecraft Minecraft Minecraft, I told him I got a job working on a video game. He thought like I'm pretty real all of a sudden, like that's the coolest job in the world. He's
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: only 8 to to him. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: that's so great. Oh, like, well that's my problem with the education system right now, is it just, it doesn't really allow like students explorer themselves and their passions that much from an early age and like, most people end up like acquiring a new skill or what they're like, career is going to be at like at college level of college age. And yeah, they miss all that opportunity for playing through that process. And the play is so important in learning the news, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And you have to like, even even at college age if you, if you're interested in certain things, you have to go to specialized schools to do it like and just go to a university and be like, I'm gonna design video games, you know, you have to go to specialized fields and it's just yeah, it's crazy
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It is. That's
SPEAKER_R: and I think
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's my thing. So
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I love the arts, but my passion is like changing education. Um And so yeah, that's what I have, like so many things to say about education and like play is a big thing, like learning your craft through play. And even like, well maybe you have this experience. I I read an author who said that in order to make like a good um I don't want to say product like a good craft, like whatever you have to really play with it because at the moment you think about the outcome instead of like the process, you just totally limit yourself and then it's no longer like a creative process so you have to play even as you're an adult, you don't limit yourself immediately, do you have that experience?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. And uh even even in a in colleges as a major as a theater major, there was a lot of people think like it's it's just um that's the word I'm looking for. Like they think it's just like, like, like a throwaway thing to do or something, like you're just slacking off if you're it was extremely intense um because there are so many different things, you have to learn different aspects you have to learn in order to, you know, especially if you want to go into directing. But there was, there is one thing that the professors would always remind us is like at the end of the day it's a play, you know like
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: that's the point of it. You know, make sure there's some part of you that is experiencing joy while you do this. It's not worth it. Mm I can totally relate to what you're saying in
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: terms fleeing.
SPEAKER_L: if you are like that's I mean well like the best thing about the arts is the employment that comes from it right? If you don't enjoy it then it's kind of defeats the purpose. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Do
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: agree?
SPEAKER_L: did you do acting too Brexit like
SPEAKER_R: I tried very hard not to um
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: they they pushed me towards it. Um so I could get more experience in there we go, but I was not a fan of being on stage at all. I did not like it.
SPEAKER_L: it's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Um I did a couple of plays and the the ones that I had the most fun and we're the ones where I didn't have to speak, I wore a mask and I didn't have to speak. So I was completely anonymous and I could then I felt free but trying to to take someone else's words and, and making my own and I just, I can do it
SPEAKER_L: just everyone,
SPEAKER_R: out of respect for actors because it's, it's way harder than I ever thought it could be. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: in my thing.
SPEAKER_L: well what about have you ever written for like a film?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, yeah, we did short films uh in Chicago mostly when I'm in Chicago, we did short films, but it was mostly experimental stuff. We were just trying things, things like that. Uh, we've actually been talking about doing another project since, uh, since cameras and stuff now, you know, like you could buy an iphone, It's pretty much like a $50,000 movie camera
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I know
SPEAKER_R: did to advance them. We've talked about it.
SPEAKER_L: okay, who's who's we
SPEAKER_R: Uh, it's still, we had, we had
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: a theater company. Um, and it's still kind of a loose group, like we collaborate with each other. And uh, so like that's that's, you know like my friend Bannon was part of it, that's how he called me up and said we're doing this video game thing. Um He's actually uh have you read The Great Gatsby?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I have,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, he, his theater company is the his other company. It's the only theater company in the world that is licensed by the fit serial state to do an adaptation of The Great Gatsby. He's traveled all over the world doing that And I got to see a performance of it in Chicago and it was like nine hours long because it's literally a word for word recreation of the book. Like it's the script is the book and it's like a guy in an office, it's a rainy day, he's bored. So he opens the book and he starts reading out loud and everything around him in the office starts to match up with what's
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: happening. Yeah really interesting. But so yeah that's I don't know why I got on that tangent but.
SPEAKER_L: Well no, I think it's interesting too, although I don't know how I feel about it being like a word for word for the of the book because I don't know like, I mean it's supposed to be like an adaptation into like a new creative field and so like just going word for word kind of, I don't know because like it defeats the purpose then you're just kind of reading the book without reading it and you might as well read a book
SPEAKER_R: that's how I felt before I saw it. But what they do is even though the script is the same visually everything around it is different. Like they create a story around narrator reading the book. Uh it takes on a new life in that way.
SPEAKER_L: wait, there's like a person on stage reading the book Okay, okay,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah he
SPEAKER_L: everything.
SPEAKER_R: was like an office. Yeah so he's reading the book in an office and things happen around him and then start to sync up with what's going on with the book. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well it sounds
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's it's it was pretty crazy. It was really cool and they got to perform it it uh at a museum in Chicago
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: and it was really good.
SPEAKER_L: I wonder if I'd ever come to new Mexico, I'd love to see that,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah they've been everywhere they have been uh paris and spain and yeah he stored everywhere with that thing. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: well what's the last um play you've attended, have you
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: recently?
SPEAKER_R: what they have attended. Uh Probably it's a play called mud.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I am
SPEAKER_R: Um a friend of mine was in it. That was about two years ago. Yeah. He works for the the school board actually.
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: We're not the school where you were through a nonprofit that lobbies public education, but uh, he's part of our theater group, but he's in and out depending on what his other job is doing. Yeah, that's probably the last player. So never you didn't do anything recently or?
SPEAKER_L: I think the last time I saw something was in like 2017. Um but before that I wanted to ask was the was this play mud in like part of a school thing or was it like just the
SPEAKER_R: No, it was a it was an independent thing. Like the art scene here in Chattanooga is growing. So there were people who after they finish school where people are actually moving here to do theater. I mean obviously not this year, nobody is doing anything this year, but
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's really rough. Uh huh. All
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So there's like a there's an independent art scene. It's I would imagine New Mexico is like Albuquerque. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well, I don't know. I feel like it's not that big here, it's just new Mexico is like so snow spread out um and kind of just like, so I don't know, there's just not, there's like things here to do, but not really like developed things to do. So I mean I remember seeing um one flew over the cuckoo's nest as a play and it was amazing. Like it was a really well done, an amazing experience and they found like great actors for it. Um and maybe there's stuff going on. But I don't know, I just like I just think of bigger cities like California in California or in like new york where of course they have like big plays going on that like successful and here is just kind of like small groups doing what they can or actually.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: So I've been to uh yeah like the best productions I've seen were in Mexico City and so yeah, when comparing between Mexico City and Albuquerque is just it's just kind of like small independent stuff, I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've always was imagined um that, you know, New Mexico like santa fe and Albuquerque that were, we're thriving art teens are places.
SPEAKER_L: and it's driving in the film so definitely like a lot of people are coming down here in the film and higher, especially since its link a fraction of the cost as it is in California, like I don't know, you have to be like in an actors, I don't know like agency and you have to be in a film crew agency and you have to be in all these different kinds of agencies just to get your foot in the door and you have to pay and like here in new Mexico it's like I don't know 1/10 of the cost of what it would be in California. It's a lot of people are coming over here and even I think California would charge you for every single location you use well and I would like more open to it. Yeah there's a lot of things going on here film film wise. But other than that yeah it's just pretty closed out. I don't like new Mexico. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you don't like it?
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I guess we're on the two opposite spectrums here in the southwest. I'm in the southeast, I'm not a huge fan of Southeast. I my favorite city was uh with Chicago, we gotta go, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I've always been curious to go there.
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: Why is it your favorite?
SPEAKER_R: you. It was it was just it just felt alive all the time. You know, like it just it was you could feel it and uh I got really lucky, I went through an apartment finding service. Mhm. He like they said, what neighborhood you want to live in? A friend of mine was like, oh you want to live in the theater neighborhoods. It's
SPEAKER_L: The world.
SPEAKER_R: look that was there. And I found uh there was a studio apartment. Um but the rent was really good because it was rent controlled.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. What's rent control?
SPEAKER_R: Um They can't raise the rip. That has been comparatively the same since like the 80s,
SPEAKER_L: What makes like a place rent control?
SPEAKER_R: just the law, the local law, the law of the district, a lot of places in new york are also read controlled.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah because I heard it's really spending to live there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah like here, uh the landlord could just send you a letter next week and say, and your rent is going up $100 and you can't think about it.
SPEAKER_L: Shit I'm
SPEAKER_R: This is like Chicago and new york. Um It's illegal to do that.
SPEAKER_L: good. I think it should be illegal everywhere with him. Oh
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we agree.
SPEAKER_L: so what were you saying before I asked about rent control?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Oh yeah. Yeah. So I found this awesome apartment. It was like the top floor of this six story building. The bottom floor was a pretty famous theater company that I had uh two years before he moved to Chicago. And then on the other side on the bottom floor, there was a bar across the street was my bank. There was a place across the street to cut my hair. And then if I walk down the street they were like At least 15 to 20 different restaurants within a mile distance. And then I lived there for a month. And another friend of mine, she moved up to Chicago and she, she lived in Wrigley Field where
SPEAKER_L: principle.
SPEAKER_R: she can't explain. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: um, so it wasn't very far away and she came here to visit one day and she was just like, she's like, let's go walking towards the train station. The train station was maybe a 10 minute walk up to the train station, but not beyond it. We went to the train station and we walked about five more minutes and then all of a sudden I was on a beach. I was four of lake michigan and I had no idea that it, that close to it.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that sounds
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: off
SPEAKER_R: was just the most amazing thing. Like, I was just like, this neighborhood is perfect, like
SPEAKER_L: former.
SPEAKER_R: it was great. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: See that's kind of like the benefit of like city life is that you get those opportunities when you get to have like, yeah like what you said like vibrant and everything's going on all the time. It sounds super fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It was awesome. It was a, the one thing you have to get used to is uh, like you have to be able to get up by like six or 6 30 in the morning as you will not be able to sleep through the traffic noise, like
SPEAKER_L: crap.
SPEAKER_R: so much noise with the traffic and across the, across the street from me, it was also a school and if, um, Except for the summertime, you just hear like kids and school buses and people dropping off the kids. And then I lived on an intersection where there was a 24 hour bus. You hear the bus. So it was just, you have to get used to the noise. But I didn't mind it. Like it just, it kind of reminded me that I was living in a city
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. There wasn't a
SPEAKER_R: group.
SPEAKER_L: lot of noise like a knight to
SPEAKER_R: Uh, yeah. Yeah, it was, but I've always been more of a nighttime person anyways for me getting having to get used to it. I had to, I had to get adjusted to the data like 60 bucks like, oh no, what it, you know like, yeah, that's what I have to get used to
SPEAKER_L: Shit.
SPEAKER_R: tonight. I was totally fine because I was, I was probably, you know, outside doing something. Yeah. The early morning.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Um I hate early mornings but I guess if you like make it a routine like you have no option but to make it a routine, right? So I just kind of got used to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Eventually you get used to it.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Have you been to any cities or you said Mexico city?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mexico city. Um I haven't been to Chicago but it's definitely on my list and last place I like last city I was in was boston just briefly because I was passing by to go to providence. Um and I really liked it, like you kind of had that feeling like I say it in one of those like student hostels, you know where you like like a room with like five other people and they have like this little nice living room space and like a dining hall, like that was just kind of like a really nice feeling and then just like right outside of that there was like an art museum and all these like interesting things happening and I checked like the facebook events and there were so many things going on, it really made me want to stay. So and that was like totally different from Los Angeles. Have you been to Los Angeles before?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I visited when I, when I lived in long beach, so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like I don't like Los Angeles because it's just like everything is so far apart at least by car, right? Because everything you have to get to by car and there's like so much traffic, it's just not enjoyable for me. I did not like, I don't know why it's like the, I don't know if I call like the art city, but like where every single like influencer goes to live and work from, I would not
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I would prefer in terms of like the major cities, I would prefer new york or Chicago overlap. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: mhm uh
SPEAKER_R: Chicago breeze.
SPEAKER_L: new york and I don't know, I was, I think Uh maybe 11 years old um and I don't know, there's just kind of like creepy, creepy vice. I feel like you can either live really well, like elite style in new york to really enjoy it or you're kind of just like, I don't know, I wouldn't be able to say it just felt, I don't know, there's just too much going on in new york things to do, but I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Very, very hybrid.
SPEAKER_L: New york. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. New york is a very hyper place. Like it's
SPEAKER_L: and it's interesting because like right around new york city, it's just like lush green suburban like houses and real calming environment. It's just a huge contrast. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: it's a yeah, after college here, like people split off and like some people who majored in theater went to new york, some people went to Chicago, some people Los Angeles and some people went to Atlanta because Atlanta and a half away. Yeah. Yeah, Atlanta has got a pretty big theater scene too. It's just, I hate Atlanta. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Atlanta
SPEAKER_R: All right, right. Yeah, there's nothing about it. I've just never been to Atlanta and been like, oh, I like this place. I don't like the traffic. Like I just don't know. It's like you were saying about getting a certain vibe in new york. That's
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: the way I felt about Atlanta. I just, I just didn't like it. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I had my first car wreck in Atlanta. So that always,
SPEAKER_L: bad experience. Oh mm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Every time I forget about Atlanta, I think about that people tree, they're like, they're just, they go in
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry what?
SPEAKER_R: people, they drive really crazy in
SPEAKER_L: Even
SPEAKER_R: Atlanta.
SPEAKER_L: crazier than new york. I heard new york was really crazy driving
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but like new york. It's hard because it's so congested. It's hard to like really do anything in Atlanta. It's not, I wouldn't say it's a congested people just drive fast. Like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it's like, it's like it makes me nervous. I'm just like, you know, like, well, I wish everybody would slow down around me.
SPEAKER_L: just child. Yeah, I feel you, yeah, Mexico city has a bad reputation for horrible driving, not fast, just like a lot of, I don't know, craziness. I have not there to drive in Mexico city for that reason. Problem. I I also haven't got it in my first car accident, so hopefully not anytime soon.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no. Yeah, knock on wood.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Called one. I don't have that And well it's been 25 minutes Michael.
SPEAKER_R: it was great talking to you,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And good luck to you on your projects. It was,
SPEAKER_R: Good luck to you two. And uh yeah, it was a really interesting talk. So it was very nice. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what to do from here. Do we just close this window
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, I believe so.
SPEAKER_L: and then just a survey.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I always feel bad about doing that, but
SPEAKER_L: Do you want
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: just want
SPEAKER_R: surprised
SPEAKER_L: to breathe? Okay. My goal on, do