Sorry I didn't mean to scare you.
Yeah sorry I was late. Um I'm getting going this morning. Um I might go by the way,
that's me.
No, is there? I think the other page has a timer on it at the bottom. You said you click the link on it but
I'm in Tennessee right
now.
I was
how about
you?
No, I'm originally um from Trinidad and Tobago in the caribbean. Yeah I left when I was a little kid to don't have to memories of it.
so
lived in queens new york for a while. Yeah it's we traveled a lot so we went from queens new york too. Popular beach florida to long beach California to Dallas texas, the Dell high Louisiana. The Jackson Tennessee Chattanooga Tennessee Yeah
yeah.
Um Mostly because just work uh
different jobs that he was doing and it would
always places for a few months at a time and
All
was I never really like growing up, I never really got to like make friends or anything like that because it wasn't always the new kid and then I was gone, so
that
was
I'm
cool.
And
Yeah, yeah, it's it's hard, you never feel comfortable because
as soon as you get comfortable you're on the move again. Yeah.
Yeah, and then uh yeah after um we were in Jackson Tennessee and uh but I was still a little and that's when my dad passed away,
I've got a job in Chattanooga, so we moved to Chattanooga and then I finished college and everything and then I moved to Chicago revive and then came back to check again. Yes, so like because my mom is getting older and so I could be around her and stuff like that. Um
I'm a writer. Uh yeah, I work as a writer right now. A friend of mine who's a theater artist in new york is doing this crazy interactive video game project. Got me up like but a month ago and he was just like, would you be interested in writing for this? And I was like, yeah, definitely.
We got a grant and everything to work on it now. It's the perfect time because everybody's at home afraid of it.
It's a it's it's there's a tourist attraction to traction attraction in Tennessee called the lost seats pretty much like an underground cavern, what bottom boats that you get on and you could see the water and stuff below you. And uh he was doing a theater project where he was talking about like racism and stuff in the south. So he's using the Lost Sea as a metaphor or this too is attraction where you know like uh to to explore like the racism and everything that happens. So now I have to research the Lost see and and right. And I have to look up how to write video game scripts because I have no idea.
Please. Mostly plays and short
stories. Yeah. Yeah. My major in college was uh that was a double major english creative writing and theater directing. Mm. Mhm.
Then you might be better than you think a
lot
of it to do with confidence. Yeah.
Yeah. It's uh it goes back to that saying we're our own worst judges, you know? So we always think that um we're probably not as good as we actually are, I would say if you're interested in and give it a shot. Six.
Yeah. It's tough to get started. But I've always done it since I was a kid to like Yeah. Yeah, and it was it was very very stupid stuff, you know, like little kids writing, but I've always just been interested in that and then just just creating stuff I guess.
Yeah,
it's a I have an eight year old nephew um and he's he's creating his own comic books, you know, like he's just like, he's
a he's not allowed to play too many video games, but he's huge Minecraft fan. So
when it's to visit, it's always Minecraft Minecraft Minecraft, I told him I got a job working on a video game. He thought like I'm pretty real all of a sudden, like that's the coolest job in the world. He's
only 8 to to him. That's awesome.
Yeah. And you have to like, even even at college age if you, if you're interested in certain things, you have to go to specialized schools to do it like and just go to a university and be like, I'm gonna design video games, you know, you have to go to specialized fields and it's just yeah, it's crazy
and I think
that.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. And uh even even in a in colleges as a major as a theater major, there was a lot of people think like it's it's just um that's the word I'm looking for. Like they think it's just like, like, like a throwaway thing to do or something, like you're just slacking off if you're it was extremely intense um because there are so many different things, you have to learn different aspects you have to learn in order to, you know, especially if you want to go into directing. But there was, there is one thing that the professors would always remind us is like at the end of the day it's a play, you know like
that's the point of it. You know, make sure there's some part of you that is experiencing joy while you do this. It's not worth it. Mm I can totally relate to what you're saying in
terms fleeing.
Right. Do
we
agree?
I tried very hard not to um
they they pushed me towards it. Um so I could get more experience in there we go, but I was not a fan of being on stage at all. I did not like it.
Um I did a couple of plays and the the ones that I had the most fun and we're the ones where I didn't have to speak, I wore a mask and I didn't have to speak. So I was completely anonymous and I could then I felt free but trying to to take someone else's words and, and making my own and I just, I can do it
out of respect for actors because it's, it's way harder than I ever thought it could be. Yeah,
in my thing.
Uh, yeah, we did short films uh in Chicago mostly when I'm in Chicago, we did short films, but it was mostly experimental stuff. We were just trying things, things like that. Uh, we've actually been talking about doing another project since, uh, since cameras and stuff now, you know, like you could buy an iphone, It's pretty much like a $50,000 movie camera
did to advance them. We've talked about it.
Uh, it's still, we had, we had
a theater company. Um, and it's still kind of a loose group, like we collaborate with each other. And uh, so like that's that's, you know like my friend Bannon was part of it, that's how he called me up and said we're doing this video game thing. Um He's actually uh have you read The Great Gatsby?
Yeah, he, his theater company is the his other company. It's the only theater company in the world that is licensed by the fit serial state to do an adaptation of The Great Gatsby. He's traveled all over the world doing that And I got to see a performance of it in Chicago and it was like nine hours long because it's literally a word for word recreation of the book. Like it's the script is the book and it's like a guy in an office, it's a rainy day, he's bored. So he opens the book and he starts reading out loud and everything around him in the office starts to match up with what's
happening. Yeah really interesting. But so yeah that's I don't know why I got on that tangent but.
that's how I felt before I saw it. But what they do is even though the script is the same visually everything around it is different. Like they create a story around narrator reading the book. Uh it takes on a new life in that way.
Yeah he
was like an office. Yeah so he's reading the book in an office and things happen around him and then start to sync up with what's going on with the book. Yeah.
Yeah it's it's it was pretty crazy. It was really cool and they got to perform it it uh at a museum in Chicago
and it was really good.
Yeah. Yeah they've been everywhere they have been uh paris and spain and yeah he stored everywhere with that thing. Uh huh.
That's
what they have attended. Uh Probably it's a play called mud.
Um a friend of mine was in it. That was about two years ago. Yeah. He works for the the school board actually.
We're not the school where you were through a nonprofit that lobbies public education, but uh, he's part of our theater group, but he's in and out depending on what his other job is doing. Yeah, that's probably the last player. So never you didn't do anything recently or?
No, it was a it was an independent thing. Like the art scene here in Chattanooga is growing. So there were people who after they finish school where people are actually moving here to do theater. I mean obviously not this year, nobody is doing anything this year, but
Yeah.
Yeah. So there's like a there's an independent art scene. It's I would imagine New Mexico is like Albuquerque. Right,
All
Yeah, I've always was imagined um that, you know, New Mexico like santa fe and Albuquerque that were, we're thriving art teens are places.
you don't like it?
yeah, I guess we're on the two opposite spectrums here in the southwest. I'm in the southeast, I'm not a huge fan of Southeast. I my favorite city was uh with Chicago, we gotta go, Yeah,
thank
you. It was it was just it just felt alive all the time. You know, like it just it was you could feel it and uh I got really lucky, I went through an apartment finding service. Mhm. He like they said, what neighborhood you want to live in? A friend of mine was like, oh you want to live in the theater neighborhoods. It's
look that was there. And I found uh there was a studio apartment. Um but the rent was really good because it was rent controlled.
Um They can't raise the rip. That has been comparatively the same since like the 80s,
just the law, the local law, the law of the district, a lot of places in new york are also read controlled.
Yeah. Yeah like here, uh the landlord could just send you a letter next week and say, and your rent is going up $100 and you can't think about it.
This is like Chicago and new york. Um It's illegal to do that.
yeah, we agree.
Right. Oh yeah. Yeah. So I found this awesome apartment. It was like the top floor of this six story building. The bottom floor was a pretty famous theater company that I had uh two years before he moved to Chicago. And then on the other side on the bottom floor, there was a bar across the street was my bank. There was a place across the street to cut my hair. And then if I walk down the street they were like At least 15 to 20 different restaurants within a mile distance. And then I lived there for a month. And another friend of mine, she moved up to Chicago and she, she lived in Wrigley Field where
she can't explain. Oh,
um, so it wasn't very far away and she came here to visit one day and she was just like, she's like, let's go walking towards the train station. The train station was maybe a 10 minute walk up to the train station, but not beyond it. We went to the train station and we walked about five more minutes and then all of a sudden I was on a beach. I was four of lake michigan and I had no idea that it, that close to it.
I
was just the most amazing thing. Like, I was just like, this neighborhood is perfect, like
it was great. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It was awesome. It was a, the one thing you have to get used to is uh, like you have to be able to get up by like six or 6 30 in the morning as you will not be able to sleep through the traffic noise, like
so much noise with the traffic and across the, across the street from me, it was also a school and if, um, Except for the summertime, you just hear like kids and school buses and people dropping off the kids. And then I lived on an intersection where there was a 24 hour bus. You hear the bus. So it was just, you have to get used to the noise. But I didn't mind it. Like it just, it kind of reminded me that I was living in a city
group.
Uh, yeah. Yeah, it was, but I've always been more of a nighttime person anyways for me getting having to get used to it. I had to, I had to get adjusted to the data like 60 bucks like, oh no, what it, you know like, yeah, that's what I have to get used to
tonight. I was totally fine because I was, I was probably, you know, outside doing something. Yeah. The early morning.
Yeah. Yeah. Eventually you get used to it.
Yeah. Have you been to any cities or you said Mexico city?
Uh I visited when I, when I lived in long beach, so yeah.
Yeah. I would prefer in terms of like the major cities, I would prefer new york or Chicago overlap. Yes,
Chicago breeze.
Yes. Very, very hybrid.
Yeah. New york is a very hyper place. Like it's
it's a yeah, after college here, like people split off and like some people who majored in theater went to new york, some people went to Chicago, some people Los Angeles and some people went to Atlanta because Atlanta and a half away. Yeah. Yeah, Atlanta has got a pretty big theater scene too. It's just, I hate Atlanta. Mhm.
All right, right. Yeah, there's nothing about it. I've just never been to Atlanta and been like, oh, I like this place. I don't like the traffic. Like I just don't know. It's like you were saying about getting a certain vibe in new york. That's
the way I felt about Atlanta. I just, I just didn't like it. Uh
I had my first car wreck in Atlanta. So that always,
Yeah. Every time I forget about Atlanta, I think about that people tree, they're like, they're just, they go in
people, they drive really crazy in
Atlanta.
Yeah, but like new york. It's hard because it's so congested. It's hard to like really do anything in Atlanta. It's not, I wouldn't say it's a congested people just drive fast. Like
it's like, it's like it makes me nervous. I'm just like, you know, like, well, I wish everybody would slow down around me.
No, no, no. Yeah, knock on wood.
it was great talking to you,
Good luck to you two. And uh yeah, it was a really interesting talk. So it was very nice. Mm hmm.
Uh Yeah, I believe so.
Yeah, I always feel bad about doing that, but
it
was
surprised