was punctual, you can get some men. Yeah. Oh, it's still grow. Yeah, but I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, well they say something so I can have a conversation with myself if you get a job. Mhm Yeah. Fuck it. Yeah. Hi. Yes I do. Okay. Mhm Okay. I have a choice. Oh no.
No, it was an excited gas. Yeah.
Hi Michael, I'm Jordi
nice to meet you. I'm gonna start a timer I guess we don't have a prompt, huh?
Yeah. Okay, well just in case, so how are you, Michael? Where you from?
I'm
just
you're you're
in
you're not from there.
okay. With your family, They came here. What? But where were
you raid is what I meant, I'm sorry, mm
A lot
of Uh huh the reason you get all too much.
huh
No,
I'm hard on
you today. Was that hard and you guys growing up? Mhm
I
feel
that, I mean well mine
in my experience, so I'm in Albuquerque, new Mexico. Uh huh.
My mom is from like the States but my dad is from Mexico and so I kind of back and forth between the two countries and so like
I had a bit more time probably make friends, but it was still hard, just like leaving and coming back with always a challenge so I can kind of relate. It's pretty hectic that that kind of lifestyle, you know
word
exactly, it's crazy.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Are you working right now?
come home.
well I'm a gay american times. I'm afford to what you guys make.
Yeah totally. What what kind of writing did you do before this
and
Uh huh mhm I thought about going into writing at some point too but I don't think I'm good at it so I stuff
thank
you.
No I was talking to a friend yesterday also like um so I've tried I've tried a bit of like all of the arts so I tried film too and he said that like you just I never feel quite that great at Fillmore pretty mention like any art because it's just there's always gonna be somebody better than you and somebody more creative all these things and just when you master the technique is when you can start like experimenting and finding your own voice but that hope before that you just go through so many doubts and stuff and yeah it's just um it's crazy. I always thought I'd like go into the arts but I like yeah confidence is something I really, really lack, so right now I'm just doing psychology. Mhm.
mean I write for like little things just like if I have to write for a scholarship or I found like a scholarship for like a blogging type of scholarship and that kind of motivates me to get writing and I send my application and stuff. But yeah, for like myself or my own projects, like I can't I can't get with it.
Yes. Well I think like the people who start off as kids is like the best time to slide up because you start off playing, you know, like there's no expectation and so you can really experiment with the craft right?
And it was her,
Look
and.
Or
that's so great. Oh, like, well that's my problem with the education system right now, is it just, it doesn't really allow like students explorer themselves and their passions that much from an early age and like, most people end up like acquiring a new skill or what they're like, career is going to be at like at college level of college age. And yeah, they miss all that opportunity for playing through that process. And the play is so important in learning the news, right?
Yeah. It is. That's
no
that's that's my thing. So
I feel like I love the arts, but my passion is like changing education. Um And so yeah, that's what I have, like so many things to say about education and like play is a big thing, like learning your craft through play. And even like, well maybe you have this experience. I I read an author who said that in order to make like a good um I don't want to say product like a good craft, like whatever you have to really play with it because at the moment you think about the outcome instead of like the process, you just totally limit yourself and then it's no longer like a creative process so you have to play even as you're an adult, you don't limit yourself immediately, do you have that experience?
or
No
if you are like that's I mean well like the best thing about the arts is the employment that comes from it right? If you don't enjoy it then it's kind of defeats the purpose. Mhm.
Did
you
did you do acting too Brexit like
and
it's interesting.
just everyone,
Oh
well what about have you ever written for like a film?
Yeah I know
okay, who's who's we
well
yeah I have,
I don't
Well no, I think it's interesting too, although I don't know how I feel about it being like a word for word for the of the book because I don't know like, I mean it's supposed to be like an adaptation into like a new creative field and so like just going word for word kind of, I don't know because like it defeats the purpose then you're just kind of reading the book without reading it and you might as well read a book
wait, there's like a person on stage reading the book Okay, okay,
everything.
well it sounds
what,
I wonder if I'd ever come to new Mexico, I'd love to see that,
well what's the last um play you've attended, have you
recently?
Yeah, I am
No
I think the last time I saw something was in like 2017. Um but before that I wanted to ask was the was this play mud in like part of a school thing or was it like just the
yeah, it's really rough. Uh huh. All
right.
Yeah, well, I don't know. I feel like it's not that big here, it's just new Mexico is like so snow spread out um and kind of just like, so I don't know, there's just not, there's like things here to do, but not really like developed things to do. So I mean I remember seeing um one flew over the cuckoo's nest as a play and it was amazing. Like it was a really well done, an amazing experience and they found like great actors for it. Um and maybe there's stuff going on. But I don't know, I just like I just think of bigger cities like California in California or in like new york where of course they have like big plays going on that like successful and here is just kind of like small groups doing what they can or actually.
So I've been to uh yeah like the best productions I've seen were in Mexico City and so yeah, when comparing between Mexico City and Albuquerque is just it's just kind of like small independent stuff, I don't know
and it's driving in the film so definitely like a lot of people are coming down here in the film and higher, especially since its link a fraction of the cost as it is in California, like I don't know, you have to be like in an actors, I don't know like agency and you have to be in a film crew agency and you have to be in all these different kinds of agencies just to get your foot in the door and you have to pay and like here in new Mexico it's like I don't know 1/10 of the cost of what it would be in California. It's a lot of people are coming over here and even I think California would charge you for every single location you use well and I would like more open to it. Yeah there's a lot of things going on here film film wise. But other than that yeah it's just pretty closed out. I don't like new Mexico. Mhm.
No. Yeah.
I've always been curious to go there.
Why is it your favorite?
The world.
Okay. What's rent control?
What makes like a place rent control?
Okay. Yeah because I heard it's really spending to live there.
Shit I'm
good. I think it should be illegal everywhere with him. Oh
so what were you saying before I asked about rent control?
principle.
Yeah.
wow, that sounds
off
former.
See that's kind of like the benefit of like city life is that you get those opportunities when you get to have like, yeah like what you said like vibrant and everything's going on all the time. It sounds super fun.
crap.
Yeah. Mhm. There wasn't a
lot of noise like a knight to
Shit.
Uh huh. Um I hate early mornings but I guess if you like make it a routine like you have no option but to make it a routine, right? So I just kind of got used to.
Mhm. That's cool.
Yeah. Mexico city. Um I haven't been to Chicago but it's definitely on my list and last place I like last city I was in was boston just briefly because I was passing by to go to providence. Um and I really liked it, like you kind of had that feeling like I say it in one of those like student hostels, you know where you like like a room with like five other people and they have like this little nice living room space and like a dining hall, like that was just kind of like a really nice feeling and then just like right outside of that there was like an art museum and all these like interesting things happening and I checked like the facebook events and there were so many things going on, it really made me want to stay. So and that was like totally different from Los Angeles. Have you been to Los Angeles before?
like I don't like Los Angeles because it's just like everything is so far apart at least by car, right? Because everything you have to get to by car and there's like so much traffic, it's just not enjoyable for me. I did not like, I don't know why it's like the, I don't know if I call like the art city, but like where every single like influencer goes to live and work from, I would not
mhm uh
new york and I don't know, I was, I think Uh maybe 11 years old um and I don't know, there's just kind of like creepy, creepy vice. I feel like you can either live really well, like elite style in new york to really enjoy it or you're kind of just like, I don't know, I wouldn't be able to say it just felt, I don't know, there's just too much going on in new york things to do, but I don't know,
New york. Yes.
and it's interesting because like right around new york city, it's just like lush green suburban like houses and real calming environment. It's just a huge contrast. Uh huh
Atlanta
some
Well,
bad experience. Oh mm
I'm sorry what?
Even
crazier than new york. I heard new york was really crazy driving
and
just child. Yeah, I feel you, yeah, Mexico city has a bad reputation for horrible driving, not fast, just like a lot of, I don't know, craziness. I have not there to drive in Mexico city for that reason. Problem. I I also haven't got it in my first car accident, so hopefully not anytime soon.
Mhm. Called one. I don't have that And well it's been 25 minutes Michael.
Yeah. And good luck to you on your projects. It was,
I don't know what to do from here. Do we just close this window
and then just a survey.
Do you want
to
just want
to breathe? Okay. My goal on, do