SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know. Thank you. Yeah, she's yeah, no changes. Yeah. So Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. You must. What about this part? Sure? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Shit. Yeah. One of your people. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Thank you. Okay, wow. Yeah. Yeah. This is what? Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. We'll be back. Thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. To live. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: hello.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello, do you see me? Do you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, that's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: What? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Do you think I know? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. What do you think
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: that? Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. People. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Excuse
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hello there
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: story and put my head down for a second.
SPEAKER_R: It's okay. I was like, this is kind of
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: weird.
SPEAKER_L: is a little bit different. I've actually done this before. Have you ever done this?
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: signed up to do it once, but the other person didn't show up. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I actually, I've, I've been waiting for a few minutes because I logged in like a couple of minutes early, so I was actually about to close out the chat.
SPEAKER_R: I was like, hello?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm so sorry about that, I wasn't even
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: paying attention.
SPEAKER_R: you don't need to apologize, that's fine. I started a little late. Um but yeah, we're here now. So how many times have you been able to do the chat thing?
SPEAKER_L: Um This is actually my third time so I can do it once more after this. Um I thought it was super weird at first, but the payment was pretty high for a prolific study and I was like, I'm going to try it and here we are a third time.
SPEAKER_R: So how did you, how long have you been on? Prolific?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think I've been on prolific probably about a year now. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um I think just a couple of months, I think I started like three months ago. I'm kind of late to the game.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I just learned about it. I just learned about it. I'm on reddit, so I was just cruising the beer money. So I've read it. So people post on there every day about prolific and I'm on a bunch of other sites, but so I don't know why it took me so long to figure it out, but I like the site. It's a pretty cool site.
SPEAKER_L: What other sites do you use from beer money? Well.
SPEAKER_R: Um I am on so many sides. I've been doing it kind of for a long time. Um like just depending on how busy I am in my other job, but I like for instance yesterday did something with D Scout and I'm on like respondent and I'm
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: on a bunch of survey sites so that are like nothing like prolific because like prolific is cool
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because you can just open the window and just like leave it open and you could have the assistant and it kind of like tells you like, like here I am versus like the rest of the survey world to me is really like you have to really go hunting for a lot of stuff. Um I get a lot of emails, but a lot of the emails I get are like, you know, 50 cents for a 30 minute survey. So you know, I'm not always down to to do that because one time
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I totally understand that. God uses mturk.
SPEAKER_R: I don't use mturk but I know it can be kind of hard to get accepted. And I know like I've just read like about it on beer money and so some people have really good experiences like when they get to a certain amount of like a level of completion. So are you on mturk too?
SPEAKER_L: I am, I will say a lot of the people to get rejected on our beer money are people from other countries? Are you
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: assuming you're from the US?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I am.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I will say obviously I only have experienced for myself and also my husband does it as well. We were both accepted with no problems.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Uh they might want you to submit like a driver's license or something to show that you actually live in the United States because a lot of people from other countries will try to use a VPN so that they can get accepted them turk. I really like it personally. Like you said it is uh it's not quite as user friendly as something like prolific. You know, like you said prolific will notify you and say here's a study, you know, it's well paying whereas in Turkey, you just have to wade through all the available stuff and find the right ones for you. But I mean I like it a lot. There's a learning curve but you can definitely make good money doing studies on there
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because I was reading people are talking about like running scripts and like doing all this stuff and I'm just like oh my God,
SPEAKER_L: maybe. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna go on and I think like for me now I think I'm in a pretty good spot, like I'm always looking for new stuff. And that's like enter is kind of like my next thing because I am in a lot of um have you heard like of C space communities? Like those kind of things?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: So like if you the one good thing about going on like horrible survey sites is that you can get into like higher paying stuff, right? And I don't think I'm supposed to belong to this many see spaces. I think they want
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: you to belong to like one community, but I belong to probably like eight of them or seven
SPEAKER_L: jail.
SPEAKER_R: of them. And it's like a monthly thing where you have like a monthly
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: participation. And as long as you answer their silly little questions
SPEAKER_L: how much?
SPEAKER_R: like once or twice a month you get like 10 to $20 per month for each of those communities. And then they all do like their own focus groups and paid studies that you know, you don't have to grind out. So those kind of keep me busy. But like I said, I I think I'm only supposed to be like in one or two, but I use this, I used the same email address so they should be able to know it's me and all of them, but that's where like sometimes I get really good like product tests in those um and they're just a lot easier and like the questions are just like, so like, you know, what movie do you want to see or what did you think of this tv show? So it's not like super intense or anything. Like I like prolific, but I actually do have to pay attention to prolific questions and there's some other like um survey groups and stuff like that. I'm a part of that. I feel like I could just do it while I do my other job, like literally like right here is like my other job and then here is like this thing. Yeah, so but I'm loving it because like I work remotely like 100% of the time right now and I love that I could be, this is like really bad you're going to get a really bad opinion of, but I get logged into work over here and then doing this over here.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I don't blame you at all. A ton of people do that honestly.
SPEAKER_R: because I think if you're able to multi task and like, you know, you're able to get your work done then like it's not a big deal, but I've been able to do a lot more since I've been working from home because you know at work you're on their network, you're like afraid you're gonna get caught, you can't just have your laptop like open on your desk and at your engaged. So I have to do a lot of like sneaking to like my other office to do stuff and but um yeah lately I've been doing I do a lot of more um I move like from doing so many like lower paying surveys to to doing screeners for like paid focus groups and that's kind of like where I decided to like move my time a little bit because you know those pay better you can get like um you know like 100 bucks for an hour of a zoom. Um You know so I typically do a couple of those every week and then I get into some like d scout study or some kind of study and I do that. So it's it's been you know pretty good, pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've actually, I just recently discovered disk out about a month ago, I've done like two missions so far. It's been super awesome.
SPEAKER_R: When I first when it first came out um I was doing like 6 to 7 a month, I was being anywhere from and they paid better back then so you know, I was making like 100 and 150 emission my thing is those that I'm an older gals so um I don't meet their criteria, they, they're a company that this is going to really age myself so these got used to be called look Look and
SPEAKER_L: We're not.
SPEAKER_R: that was like a survey site that did like focus groups and stuff and they were for just like 18 to like 22 year olds or 16 to 22 back then and I get the vibe that hasn't really changed that much so I don't do that many applications for missions on there anymore because I know like I'm not their demographic but they'll have like, you know, they do have some like old lady topics you can tell like oh these are for the older people so like I'll do those and I still get into them so um and then like you know they're doing this other thing now where they do express missions.
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: seen
SPEAKER_R: know. The only thing about those is it's like why I keep my notifications on my phone on because it'll just ding um when I get one, but you could be like working on it and then you know thinking oh I'm gonna get the $7 or whatever it is that they pay for that like five minutes, 10 minutes. And then by the time you submit it there like it's full but they still let you complete it even though
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it's full.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's terrible.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I wonder
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: if he'll fix that since it's kind of a new feature.
SPEAKER_R: I hope they work as a lot of people complain about it like last week I got lucky and I got into like four or five of them and it was really fast and easy. But um Yeah so I mean it's a good app. Another thing that I found out about on beer money that I've made really good money on um is called respondent Have you?
SPEAKER_L: And if actually, yeah, I have responded. I've never done a study with them though.
SPEAKER_R: well it took me a long time to get accepted into a study and my husband actually gets into more because he's more in like I. T. Security and look at the projects, they're all like I. T. Security and they pay you. So what I did is I only signed up for me and then I refer him so like every single time he does it I get paid to so he's not like signed up. It's kind of weird how I did it. But anyways I know he did a study and then they sent me like 40 something dollars in Paypal and I was like yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so he hates this now because he's like a lot busier and his job than I am in my regular job clearly. So I'm always like, hey, I was on, you know, responding, I saw like six things you qualify for. And he's like, I worked till midnight last night, like give me a break, you know? And I'm just like, I know, but you get money, I get money. It's all good. Yeah. He's not as excited about it as I am. So,
SPEAKER_L: You know, I hear a lot of people say that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: the last person I talked to on a live conversation, it was a woman from California and she said her husband kind of made fun of her for doing it like for doing her side stuff, which I was like, hey you're making money, like he shouldn't make fun of you
SPEAKER_R: um like any friend I've referred to do surveys has
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: told me within that same day, I don't want to do this anymore. It was so repetitive. It was so repetitive. It took forever. And I have to explain like, you know, you can do, I have like five screens open at once. I'm doing five at a time, you know, Because now back in the heyday you know you could retake them because like they couldn't track your I. P. A. Drop and it was just like crazy, you could be multiple people was like that was crazy. But so I explained like well yeah but if you only have one screen open you do one at a time when you're not gonna make a lot of much money. But if you have like five open and you just go bam bam bam because now you also time you on them to see if you're taking long enough to read. So that's like multiple at a time because I'm a speed reader. So and everybody is just like I hate this, I don't want to do it.
SPEAKER_L: it's yeah, it's definitely a lot of leg work and I feel like the other thing is too, if you just throw yourself at the first survey site you find, yeah, you're gonna be grinding out for pennies, you kind of have to find the right sites and then also pick and choose what's worth your time.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yeah. So yeah so now I kind of feel like it's a better use of my time to do five or six screeners a day because I do meet like a lot of democrats demographics for that kind of stuff for some reason. So I feel like it's a better use of my time to do five or six screeners and I get one of those like all these dollar $5 and then also you know like all this survey sites like survey, there's one called survey savvy and it used to be like a cool site. Like the surveys were all like 20 bucks, 50 bucks, things like that. Now the surveys are like a dollar and they expect you to be like a C. I. O. Of a company and do like a 30 minute survey for $5 and I'm who's going to do that? Like see I. O. S. Are making like you know half a million a year plus. Why would they do a survey for 30 minutes for $5? It doesn't make sense.
SPEAKER_L: I thought that before, especially when they have like really strict requirements about like your job position and stuff and I'm like no one is going to be doing this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I don't see who would, I mean it has to be a really really special person to be doing, I don't get it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then I I've definitely seen on beer money um the survey sites, I feel like I've just gotten like so much less good. I mean just I I think year after year based on what I've seen, people see they just go down. Like when I very first started on beer money, I started with swag bucks because it was just, it was just a very widely lots of people used it, you know? And looking back now I'm like, never I would never again like
SPEAKER_R: I only go on Swag Bucks because like I try to have a quota in my head for what I want to make every day, and like sunday is like a really slow day in survey World, kind of unless you have like a project you're working on and typically have a project, like I'm okay because I'm making money for that project that day, but I'll go to swag bucks of like nothing else out and I'm like I just want to get my quota right, or I just want to like see if I can get into something and every once in a while like you can get into something like one of those remesch like chat sessions or something on swag books. But I hate that site like it's Oh
SPEAKER_L: The only thing that I would say it's worth it is sometimes they'll have like the offers where you subscribe to hulu for a month and you get like 30 bucks so you end up making like 24 off of it. Um I literally changed by you address to do that. Like my email address because I was like already have hulu but they want you to make a new account. So I did that one time or there were a couple where you download an app and like play the game for so often to make money. But other than those offers, I feel like this uh surveys are just brutal on there sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah. And I mean lately too like I know a lot of people don't like to use facebook but I did sign up for like different um Yeah like market research companies on there, so that's kind of like all scroll through my facebook feed because I can get a lot of screeners from there. Um The thing that sucks too is just, it used to be, a company would call you and it was so low tech like they would call you and they'd say well when's the last time you did a survey with us are focus group and you lie and say like 99 months when like you just did it last week and they have like no way to check. They would just like like sure, no problem. Well that's great. And now they're like, you know, in their database, and they're like, um you just did something last week. That is so rude. And you're like,
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: oh God, I'm so sorry, I forgot, like, I don't remember, there's just so many companies that I don't know what I'm doing, so that's kind of a bummer, You know when so many like focus group companies and um but you know, like there's a couple of recruiters that are super nice to me and they just like fudge, I guess the end because I think they get booked, they like telemarketers kind of in the sense of book you, they get their money, so they're just like, okay, well I'm gonna book you but just say you haven't done anything for a year, but I know I just booked you last week, but like just lie about it like, okay, like right.
SPEAKER_L: Have you ever done any kind of product testing? I know you said you've done it through certain sites but have you ever done like just product testing?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I've done I mean, I've I've done it product testing mostly though through like survey sites and stuff. Um But I do belong to this like it's called P P O C.
SPEAKER_L: I do too. Yeah. That's what I was going to tell you about.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That has gotten so competitive though, like it's like Covid and everyone's locked down and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It got intense.
SPEAKER_R: It's really crazy and I feel like I'm fast, but I'm just like, I don't know, I think I'm just starting to slow down or something because you know, you have like just a few seconds to grab something and there's like eight things on there and I'm like, oh.
SPEAKER_L: Are you on the facebook page of like individual members? Okay. There's a facebook page for individual members. I see people post on there. I swear these people are like addicted to it. Like they put in so much like mental effort and time and I'm like you guys need to chill out and like it's so weird because like they feel so entitled to it. Like they're like I need to get my products, they need to give me more products.
SPEAKER_R: Well the funny thing is I started about a year ago and then I just started selling all of it on Ebay and
SPEAKER_L: thought
SPEAKER_R: I like,
SPEAKER_L: about that. It's technically against the rules but I'm like how would they catch
SPEAKER_R: I know,
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: I didn't even, I'm sure everything I do is against the rules, but I don't mean to be dishonest or anything, but I'm not going to use most of that stuff. I mean it's just so much stuff to use like all these help. And then I used to like invite friends over, people would come over and I'd be like, hey, want some turmeric. I know you do come on, come to like what was it? And you can come shopping and anything you want is free. So some of the stuff is like cool because like my mom's like, oh thanks for the endless supply of glucose and mean like you're welcome. And I just thought I'm gonna sell this stuff because like what am I gonna do with all this crap? Like I have so much like baby stuff. I have all kinds of stuff. I'm like, what the hell? So I did sell like probably $3000 worth of it or something. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: do the supplement sell well on Ebay?
SPEAKER_R: They did.
SPEAKER_L: Really? Because yeah, I have like you said that I have a closet full of stuff, supplements, health supplies
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: then also if you just really want to dump it, I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: sell
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: it as like a lot like hair
SPEAKER_L: Here
SPEAKER_R: is like plenty
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: blah blah blah because then people who are real Ebay sellers can buy it really cheap and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: then they can resell it. So I'm just like,
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: does such
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: flipping work with that?
SPEAKER_R: it sucks, it
SPEAKER_L: Like do you like make your own labels?
SPEAKER_R: you can, but it's like you have to have the right
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: scale
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: and you have to know like what package you put it in. So like
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: my,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: it's just really, it's like a lot to learn and so I was like her husband, this is like going to be your thing, this is what you're going to do, I'm going to list them and then you're going to
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Take care of the shipping.
SPEAKER_R: mhm listing is actually super easy because you just find something else, it's listed and say, oh I have one of these to sell. You click on it and then it like populates it. But the shipping like often kills the deal, you know? Because they make like $8 off. That's why when I'm on P. P. O. C. I'm always trying to get the higher ticket item because then it's worth it to like go the post office or whatever for like 20 bucks or 30 bucks. It's kind of worth it. But sometimes you're like, I'm gonna make three cents off of that. So I I still do where I just tell people well people don't come over anymore. But like, hey, I have all this stuff so if you're ever going to try like a new supplement or anything, just like let me know, I probably have it and you can just have it, you know? So.
SPEAKER_L: I think the highest ticket items I've gotten are I got this weird portable lawn chair for like hiking and stuff. But it's just it was like 100 bucks. But the thing is I feel like it's so like oddly specific. It's hard to sell.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I got like ski jackets and stuff like that. Ski jacket, ski pants and like a high a baby high chair and it was like cool because like before Covid you could be on craigslist, you could just unloaded like shipping was now big deal. Yeah, it's just tough now. And plus whenever I if I if I forget to log into P. P. O. C. Now because I'm like I'm working and doing other stuff and I forget. And then like, they always change like when they post stuff and it used to be like, I find stuff at this time and this time and now it's like I noticed that like 10 a.m. Used to be a good time to lock in and now 10 a.m. The only they just post like fat burner and horny goat weed, which on just so you know, on Ebay, you really aren't supposed to sell fat burners because you can't make health claims that you can't back up. So I'm like, well what would I sell it as then? And who needs it? Like who needs another on the market? Like if you go on anywhere, you see there's like 30,000 of them, like who's really going to buy that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The other thing I know for me I don't know what time zone you're in. But for me I would say typically nine a.m. Noon and five PM are usually the best drop times for me. But I mean it is really random. Usually it's for a while it was like right on the hour if I checked it usually get stuff, but now it's been five.
SPEAKER_R: it's not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, now it's random and like I said on the group I'm in like I said, some of those people are like so dedicated that I just wonder, I'm like do you have a job, do you do anything like is
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: this your whole
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: life?
SPEAKER_R: people know but a lot of people don't and I noticed with the covid times, I'm like forget P P O C. Then because there's so much more competition. I see people every day posting everywhere about joining and you can get this. And I just noticed like it's so much harder to get stuff now and it's like, it's like, and I'm kind of burnt out of like the Ebay selling thing. It's like, you know, I think I did ok because I had like a bunch of like I had like 20 thermometers. Yeah and that stuff like at the beginning of Covid people were like price gouging for that kind of stuff. I didn't do that, I just sold it like regular pricing so I sold everything because you know people were selling thermometers for like $150 and mine was like 30. That's I mean that's how much the retail value was, so I wasn't gonna fill it for like $500. That's not cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: I think for me I've done okay since Corona because I've kind of noticed people kind of work through the introductory items and then after that they kind of get offered more items. So I feel like other people are kind of getting these lower priced items that I've already I've already claimed. So I mean it's been okay for me but I'm definitely kind of getting to the point where it's slowing down and I'm kind of like is it really worth it to, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because I used to be on there and do like the gigs and all of that because I could just get it all like around the same time and I take a few minutes I was like into it now. I'm like I never I have honestly never once even gotten a questionnaire never, never
SPEAKER_L: There's yeah
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: there's another
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: person
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: I'm on pacific Standard Time, which like blows on P. P. O. C. Because I think everybody is on Eastern Standard Time and getting all that stuff, right? So I've never once even gotten a questionnaire.
SPEAKER_L: That's so weird. See okay, there's a member that was like fairly new within a few months and on the group and he said that he's also never gotten a questionnaire.
SPEAKER_R: Never.
SPEAKER_L: I will say I got a lot more questionnaires before. Covid and everything. Since then. I mean I've probably had like a handful during the pandemic but I don't know why some people get them and some people don't. It's so weird.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's just like with any site they have like a demographic they're interested in. And it's like, that's why I kind of know now in this world, like if I'm not getting stuff, I'll check back. But I think it's just not for me, like their sights I love and people are like, I've never made any money on that site and I'm like, that's my go to site. I don't want to, you know, tell you, but people are always like Alex because you're mexican american, you're Latina and I'm like, well, probably. Yeah, so the latino websites, latino, old lady websites and I'm a stick because that's my demographic, you know, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I also feel like some of it's just kind of random because like prolific for example, I love prolific but when I started I saw nothing for like months. Like there was not even a single study that I could like try to grab or anything. And then when I introduced my husband to it and he started doing it immediately had studies and I was like, how does that work? Why did I get nothing for months?
SPEAKER_R: I think I made $300 in my first month on prolific
SPEAKER_L: Really? Like I said, I don't see a single study.
SPEAKER_R: because I think that people on Reddit are always saying like, like, oh, the Latinos on that side are getting all the money and I'm like, okay,
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: well that's why I joined. I mean you guys told me and that's a nasty post on Reddit, like that was like the latino site. So I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: I'm going over there then because
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that's what I am going to take care of them going to handle that. So I think it's just, you have to find your like niche and just like stick in it, you know?
SPEAKER_L: And the weirdest thing about beer money to is, I feel like I was kind of also intimidated when I started in Turkey because a lot of people on their, they'll either purposely discourage you from doing it because they see it as competition or if someone tries to ask a question about like scripts or something, they like figure it out yourself. Like there's no there's no camaraderie, there's no friendship, there's only competition.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's the vibe I got. So I was just like, I'm gonna keep my things working for me right now, I'm going to keep doing that. I'm going to keep an eye out for what's going on. But I also like to go on Reddit, like they have a paid study section and so you can sign up for paid studies there too. And I don't know, people, people think I'm very strange because I got into like this clinical trial that they come to your house and take your blood once a month and they pay you $150.
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: And my friends are like, what would propel someone to do this? Like, they're so troubled by this and I'm like, it's awesome. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I feel like it's just it really for me it fits my lifestyle like I love the flexibility of it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and like the phlebotomist was like, super gentle, like there's no pain involved. It was like a five minute thing and we wore masks, we socially distance as much as possible so that people are just like, who? My friends are just like, who does this stuff
SPEAKER_L: I mean people
SPEAKER_R: like I do.
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: I love
SPEAKER_L: donate
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: their blood so why not get paid for it?
SPEAKER_R: I was just like, I think it's fabulous.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean why not?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. So my friends are just like, don't you make enough money in your regular job? And I'm like, no, no.
SPEAKER_L: Does anyone
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: make enough money in the regular job?
SPEAKER_R: no. But also it's like one of those things I think that people do and I know I do to like be able to afford to do certain things that you don't have to feel like guilty about. You know, you have to explain to anyone, including a husband, not like he cares. He really doesn't care. But you know why I bought that eye cream. You know, that was blah blah money and it's like, you know, I earned
SPEAKER_L: It's kind
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: of your extra money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's my extra money. Like it's not like I'm not just being wasteful. So that's why I like it because it just makes me have like guilt free shopping moments.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I've seen a lot of people and beer money to you know they'll either if they have like a lot of credit card debt or something, you know they'll do in addition to their job, throw the extra money at their debt or like you said save up for something or use it for their discretionary spending or whatever. I mean there are also just people that just support themselves doing it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That would be awesome to be able to do that. I think it's like not really enough for me, not for right now, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean it definitely highly depends on whether you have kids, your cost of living etcetera.
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: I think we're past our 25 minutes. I've been keeping track so I think we can move on to the next part of the study. It was really great talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice meeting you take
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: care
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: Goodbye.