Yeah. I don't know. Thank you. Yeah, she's yeah, no changes. Yeah. So Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. You must. What about this part? Sure? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Shit. Yeah. One of your people. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Thank you. Okay, wow. Yeah. Yeah. This is what? Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. We'll be back. Thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. To live. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Okay mm. Yeah.
Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, that's fine.
Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
What? Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
Do you think I know? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. What do you think
that? Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. People. Okay. Mhm.
Okay. Excuse
me.
Hello there
story and put my head down for a second.
It
is a little bit different. I've actually done this before. Have you ever done this?
I
Yeah, I actually, I've, I've been waiting for a few minutes because I logged in like a couple of minutes early, so I was actually about to close out the chat.
Yeah, I'm so sorry about that, I wasn't even
paying attention.
Um This is actually my third time so I can do it once more after this. Um I thought it was super weird at first, but the payment was pretty high for a prolific study and I was like, I'm going to try it and here we are a third time.
Um I think I've been on prolific probably about a year now. What about you?
What?
What other sites do you use from beer money? Well.
And
Yeah.
Yeah, I totally understand that. God uses mturk.
I am, I will say a lot of the people to get rejected on our beer money are people from other countries? Are you
assuming you're from the US?
Okay. I will say obviously I only have experienced for myself and also my husband does it as well. We were both accepted with no problems.
Uh they might want you to submit like a driver's license or something to show that you actually live in the United States because a lot of people from other countries will try to use a VPN so that they can get accepted them turk. I really like it personally. Like you said it is uh it's not quite as user friendly as something like prolific. You know, like you said prolific will notify you and say here's a study, you know, it's well paying whereas in Turkey, you just have to wade through all the available stuff and find the right ones for you. But I mean I like it a lot. There's a learning curve but you can definitely make good money doing studies on there
maybe. Yeah.
No.
No.
jail.
I'm
how much?
Oh no, I don't blame you at all. A ton of people do that honestly.
Yeah. I've actually, I just recently discovered disk out about a month ago, I've done like two missions so far. It's been super awesome.
We're not.
I've
seen
No.
Yeah, that's terrible.
I wonder
if he'll fix that since it's kind of a new feature.
And if actually, yeah, I have responded. I've never done a study with them though.
Yeah.
You know, I hear a lot of people say that
the last person I talked to on a live conversation, it was a woman from California and she said her husband kind of made fun of her for doing it like for doing her side stuff, which I was like, hey you're making money, like he shouldn't make fun of you
or
it's yeah, it's definitely a lot of leg work and I feel like the other thing is too, if you just throw yourself at the first survey site you find, yeah, you're gonna be grinding out for pennies, you kind of have to find the right sites and then also pick and choose what's worth your time.
I thought that before, especially when they have like really strict requirements about like your job position and stuff and I'm like no one is going to be doing this.
Yeah. And then I I've definitely seen on beer money um the survey sites, I feel like I've just gotten like so much less good. I mean just I I think year after year based on what I've seen, people see they just go down. Like when I very first started on beer money, I started with swag bucks because it was just, it was just a very widely lots of people used it, you know? And looking back now I'm like, never I would never again like
The only thing that I would say it's worth it is sometimes they'll have like the offers where you subscribe to hulu for a month and you get like 30 bucks so you end up making like 24 off of it. Um I literally changed by you address to do that. Like my email address because I was like already have hulu but they want you to make a new account. So I did that one time or there were a couple where you download an app and like play the game for so often to make money. But other than those offers, I feel like this uh surveys are just brutal on there sometimes.
Well.
Have you ever done any kind of product testing? I know you said you've done it through certain sites but have you ever done like just product testing?
I do too. Yeah. That's what I was going to tell you about.
Yeah. It got intense.
Are you on the facebook page of like individual members? Okay. There's a facebook page for individual members. I see people post on there. I swear these people are like addicted to it. Like they put in so much like mental effort and time and I'm like you guys need to chill out and like it's so weird because like they feel so entitled to it. Like they're like I need to get my products, they need to give me more products.
thought
about that. It's technically against the rules but I'm like how would they catch
you?
do the supplement sell well on Ebay?
Really? Because yeah, I have like you said that I have a closet full of stuff, supplements, health supplies
and
I
know
Here
what?
And
How
does such
flipping work with that?
Like do you like make your own labels?
Like
you know.
Like
what?
Yeah. Take care of the shipping.
I think the highest ticket items I've gotten are I got this weird portable lawn chair for like hiking and stuff. But it's just it was like 100 bucks. But the thing is I feel like it's so like oddly specific. It's hard to sell.
Yeah. The other thing I know for me I don't know what time zone you're in. But for me I would say typically nine a.m. Noon and five PM are usually the best drop times for me. But I mean it is really random. Usually it's for a while it was like right on the hour if I checked it usually get stuff, but now it's been five.
Yeah, now it's random and like I said on the group I'm in like I said, some of those people are like so dedicated that I just wonder, I'm like do you have a job, do you do anything like is
this your whole
life?
Yeah,
I think for me I've done okay since Corona because I've kind of noticed people kind of work through the introductory items and then after that they kind of get offered more items. So I feel like other people are kind of getting these lower priced items that I've already I've already claimed. So I mean it's been okay for me but I'm definitely kind of getting to the point where it's slowing down and I'm kind of like is it really worth it to, you know?
There's yeah
there's another
person
like
that.
That's so weird. See okay, there's a member that was like fairly new within a few months and on the group and he said that he's also never gotten a questionnaire.
I will say I got a lot more questionnaires before. Covid and everything. Since then. I mean I've probably had like a handful during the pandemic but I don't know why some people get them and some people don't. It's so weird.
Yeah. I mean I also feel like some of it's just kind of random because like prolific for example, I love prolific but when I started I saw nothing for like months. Like there was not even a single study that I could like try to grab or anything. And then when I introduced my husband to it and he started doing it immediately had studies and I was like, how does that work? Why did I get nothing for months?
Really? Like I said, I don't see a single study.
no.
Or
I
And the weirdest thing about beer money to is, I feel like I was kind of also intimidated when I started in Turkey because a lot of people on their, they'll either purposely discourage you from doing it because they see it as competition or if someone tries to ask a question about like scripts or something, they like figure it out yourself. Like there's no there's no camaraderie, there's no friendship, there's only competition.
Because
I mean, I feel like it's just it really for me it fits my lifestyle like I love the flexibility of it.
I mean people
people
donate
their blood so why not get paid for it?
Yeah. I mean why not?
Does anyone
make enough money in the regular job?
It's kind
of your extra money.
Yeah. I mean I've seen a lot of people and beer money to you know they'll either if they have like a lot of credit card debt or something, you know they'll do in addition to their job, throw the extra money at their debt or like you said save up for something or use it for their discretionary spending or whatever. I mean there are also just people that just support themselves doing it.
Yeah. I mean it definitely highly depends on whether you have kids, your cost of living etcetera.
I think we're past our 25 minutes. I've been keeping track so I think we can move on to the next part of the study. It was really great talking to you.
I
see
you.
Goodbye.