SPEAKER_L: Okay. Right. Oh okay mm. No. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah yeah. Seriously mm. Yeah. Oh Oh well okay. Yeah. No. Damn it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Like yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. None come on. Oh. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Yeah mm. No but okay. Mhm. Yes. Okay. Yeah. But okay. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: hi, sorry I'm a few minutes late.
SPEAKER_L: Don't worry if you're fine I'm
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: glad you're
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: want, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty good. How are you
SPEAKER_R: good. My name is pam.
SPEAKER_L: carol? Nice to meet you
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: mm I'm I'm originally from the midwest but I live in Washington D. C. I've been here for the past couple years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm from new Hampshire song opposite side of just. But
SPEAKER_L: I was up there
SPEAKER_R: Um it's getting pretty cold. It's like in the low-50s right now so it'll warm up. It's cold in the mornings right now and then
SPEAKER_L: warmer
SPEAKER_R: it gets, you know like.
SPEAKER_L: during the day. Yeah. Yeah it's definitely in D. C. Like it's so hot in human during the summer and I think that I am much more obey northern cooler weather person. So new Hampshire and I was like oh I love you.
SPEAKER_R: Oh see I like I'm ready. I'm over this. I want to be somewhere like in the south or I don't even know like in Washington is to get cold in the winter and like does it snow
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: gets
SPEAKER_R: stuff?
SPEAKER_L: like okay, so last year, um it was right around freezing most of the time, like sometimes it was below freezing but it was never super cold and what was I going to
SPEAKER_R: couple.
SPEAKER_L: say? It snowed once for me was kind of disappointed. So like in previous years we've had a couple of, you know, it snowed several times. Like we get if there's an interest snow, we get a snow day, like people get sent home from work, everything here, but it's great. Um and then last year was disappointing because there was just no snow whatsoever and it was like, what's the, like give me a little bit of atmosphere here.
SPEAKER_R: right now I I like it when it snows like a couple of times but after like the fifth snowstorm on like okay I think that's enough
SPEAKER_L: when it snows in december and early january and it feels seat
SPEAKER_R: like christmassy
SPEAKER_L: long commentaries
SPEAKER_R: and Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and and then after that it's just like no, we don't need this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I agree. I um my dad lives in Virginia and what you were just saying about if they get like an inch of snow, he works at a college, they like cancelled all the classes and so we
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: absolutely
SPEAKER_R: get snow days unless we have like a blizzard or something so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And like I remember growing up in Illinois and like, you know, there's six inches of snow, nothing happens. But then gets sent home of like we had wind chill was -40 or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So how is um everything over there with like co head? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: It's okay. I think like our cases and everything has been pretty stable for a while. Like they definitely, people are still getting sick, but it's also not like not really skyrocketing also, but not really going down either. Um Let me think. Yeah. Like it's been, I am, so I was working full time for a while and then I actually left my job to go back to school this fall, which has been an adjustment. Like I'm glad I did it, but also it's going to school online is a lot. Um, but, but like overall it's been, it's been kind of okay. Um how about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um We actually were doing really really really good for a while and then just the last couple of weeks, I've noticed the case has been going up a little bit. Um And they my kids school hasn't opened yet, they're planning on opening in november, so I'm just kind of waiting to see what happens that's
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: closer,
SPEAKER_L: I think they are our schools haven't opened yet and I think they made a similar announcement of like planning to go back in early november and I'm like okay, but you know we'll see what it's doing and in november.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like who knows, we'll have to just wait and say so I don't
SPEAKER_L: how are you, how are your kids, how are you doing with your kids
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: online?
SPEAKER_R: okay, like it's not as bad as I thought it might be. Um They're doing pretty good online, one of my daughters is just very social, that's like her whole reason for wanting to go to school, so she's having the toughest time with it I think. Um But I've been letting her like she'll go to the park with her mask and she'll meet her friends at the park, so she's still getting that socialization, but it is hard for them because they basically are sitting in front of their computers for since like the beginning of class, it's all, it's structured like the regular school day, so it's like a lot of computer time and sitting. Do you have any kids? No? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah to what you were saying about your daughter who's super social and I like I have a couple of nieces and my cousins have kids um and one of them um I think she's my oldest niece, she was supposed to start kindergarten this fall and she is so social and was so excited and yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: I know,
SPEAKER_L: know it's hard
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: tough,
SPEAKER_L: her, but then another one of my cousins has and not one of my cousins, she has, she has, I think she has like three kids and both of the parents work and they're both essential workers. And so it's it's always been like a very tricky balance, but my aunt and uncle live nearby and so like they help with childcare. Um But her son, I think he's in first or second grade and he um like he's been having trouble learning how to read and everything and I don't know if he like has a learning disability or if it's just a normal kid things, I don't know, but in any case um they, my aunt used to teach english as a foreign language, so she was never a grade school teacher, but she still had classroom experience and she's home schooling the kids. It sounds like it's actually at least for him because he was a lot of trouble in the classroom environment. It's like weirdly going a lot better. But at the same time, I know my cousin and her husband are super stressed obviously.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure that must be stressed. It's hard even just helping them with their homework for me, so I can't imagine trying to like home school. Yeah, my daughter is actually, this is her senior year in high school, so she's pretty,
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: know, she's
SPEAKER_L: over.
SPEAKER_R: like this this is the last year and I can't even go to school and I know I tried to tell them like it's not gonna you have your whole lives ahead of you of like normal stuff so hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like it's not going to Yeah. And in a way like it, I don't know. I mean it's a crappy situation where you can't say like, oh you have it better than this other person. But like in a way, right. At least at least this wasn't last year, wasn't their senior year, like going into their knowing what's going on. They can plan like what they want to do about college or working or whatever is next. Like already the situation.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Yeah. I can't wait, I can't wait until everything is just normal.
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, I've been debating what to do about the holidays because like I I could go home and see my parents. But also, I mean on the one hand, like any right on the one hand, like I could, I could be very careful and not see anyone doll for you know, two weeks before I go back and like rent a car and drive back to Illinois. Said I'm not even on a plane being kind of weird around other people
SPEAKER_R: explain.
SPEAKER_L: and because of how my semester's work it would be fairly easy. Also like to go to Illinois and then just stay there for a month or something before coming back and you know like make the make the trip worthwhile. But then there's the other part of me that's like, well my I mean number one it's still a risk and I don't want to be the person
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: you know, coming back so getting them sick. And also like my one of my my roommate is a good friend and then my boyfriend live also lives here and I know that they're not planning to go home. and part of me is like I feel like I kind of want to like like the idea of leaving the very few number of people that I regularly see like to be alone for christmas fields, so maybe I like stay here for christmas, but then also go to my parents after, I don't know, I have no idea,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: and your parents
SPEAKER_L: I must
SPEAKER_R: live in
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: Illinois? Yeah. Do you get to see them or usually do you get to see them often?
SPEAKER_L: usually like in a normal year I would see them right, like go home at the holidays and then at some point over the summer, like either go on a family trip or you know like we meet up in a third place or else for the last couple of years, actually every year for the, before this year, for the past couple of years, like either a cousin has gotten married or one of my childhood friends who like has their wedding in the area because that's where their parents live, someone has gotten married. And so like I've gone back home for during their. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's how usually my dad lives in Virginia and will go there for like a week or two in the summer, we'll go on a family vacation all of us And so yeah, it kind of sucks not being able to see them at least, you know, a couple of times throughout the year, but He's also like 70, so I don't want to like, you know uh
SPEAKER_L: My parents are like, right at that, you know, I mean technically like technically they are under 60 because they're 59 and you know, like it's very much like when you look at that list of risk factors, it's like, yeah, like, okay, like they're, you know, they're not 80 and in a nursing home, but they're also not young and I don't know. Yeah, that's really hard to tell.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It is. So you said you went back to school, what are you looking for? All right.
SPEAKER_L: I'm studying International Relations and Economics yeah, for like an international nonprofit here for a couple of years. And then basically partially like it's very much a city in the field where like you need the higher degree kind of like at some point, yeah, start
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: getting screened out of things and also like I wanted to shift focus a little bit. So most of my classes are very like very econ heavy, very math heavy. It's been a while since I did that. So it's like it takes a lot of work but once I do the work it's going pretty okay.
SPEAKER_R: that's good. Yeah. My um my daughter, she wants to go for biomedical engineering. Um She's so into science and Math and it's it's I don't know where she gets it from because I'm Math is like I was always good in english and all the verbal stuff, but math was never my strong suit so I'm excited for her. But just seeing that she can do something that I don't really I really don't think I could do so. Uh
SPEAKER_L: One of my childhood friends went into, I don't remember if her degree was technically like basically it's biomedical engineering. I think that her degree might have been electrical engineering but like she does biomedical engineering things and I remember talking to you about it in college and like we were both in like she was one of those kids who is like amazing in every subject and I was one of those kids who is like solid
SPEAKER_R: I don't.
SPEAKER_L: but definitely better in like english and history and things. I remember her telling me that she was majoring in electrical engineering or whatever and I was like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do.
SPEAKER_L: no, like okay wow. And then and then over time it's like wow, this is actually really, it seems like it's a really good fit for her.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I feel like everyone has their different, you know, strong suits, so it's good. I had tried when my kids were a little younger to go back to school because I went for a year and I dropped out and I had my daughter, but so I was like, I'm gonna go back like I'm ready, they're old enough. And I almost think maybe if I had gone online, I probably would have stuck with it, but I went physically into classes and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I just
SPEAKER_L: move
SPEAKER_R: felt
SPEAKER_L: slogan.
SPEAKER_R: so out of place, There were so many like 18 year olds and I was just, I don't know, I was sitting there, I was like, I just feel like I don't belong here and I ended up not not finished not going through with it, but Oh wow,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's what it is. Maybe
SPEAKER_L: it does
SPEAKER_R: I'll go
SPEAKER_L: work.
SPEAKER_R: online again one day, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I really I hope that at least like maybe between the online education thing and just like, I mean God knows what's going to happen to the economy but right, like maybe it'll help kind of the positive outcome would be right like if online education becomes a lot better and a lot more normal and also just yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. I don't know. Hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: Oh sorry, you said listen Virginia, are you from New Hampshire or did you move up?
SPEAKER_R: No, so I drive, lived here all my life. He moved down there when I was in high school actually because he um got a job as a professor at JMU. He was a lawyer and he hated it. Um And he just had always wanted to be a professor, so he was there to do that. Oh you
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: froze your unfrozen
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You from
SPEAKER_R: now though? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: in 1st 2 for a sec. But it's at
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: night.
SPEAKER_R: You both froze? Yeah. So I mean I feel eventually I'd like to move a little farther down self because I've I I like it here except in the winter, I'm just I'm done, I'm done with winter.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The winter seem really hard. Like what is a how much snow do you get when it snows? Are we talking six inches? Are we talking like three ft? What's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: normal
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: for you?
SPEAKER_R: it's weird because some winters will get hardly any snow which isn't really normal. But then there's the winters where we'll get like a foot overnight and it's just my driveway is like at the bottom of a hill to I had to buy a different car just to get out of my driveway in the winter because my non
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: four wheel drive wasn't my husband be pushing it and I'm trying to get it up the driveway. It was ridiculous. So just,
SPEAKER_L: Wait till not even for we will drive was enough.
SPEAKER_R: well no that's why we got four wheel drive because
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: I realized I live you know somewhere where I definitely need it but just the shoveling and I'm just I I don't like it so and it's pretty when it first happens but then like the next day after everything's been plowed there's like dirty snow everywhere and.
SPEAKER_L: And then you get like the snow pile and the like the grocery store parking lot that's there or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and we live in a cul de sac and the plow drives around and put all the snow right in the middle. So
SPEAKER_L: Problem.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, the kids love it because
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: going to say
SPEAKER_R: fled
SPEAKER_L: one of my
SPEAKER_R: down
SPEAKER_L: best
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: things
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: used to live back like that and it was like we have this amazing snow fort
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's true.
SPEAKER_L: but it also gets super gross
SPEAKER_R: Yes, eventually it's just all like black and icy and so sorry, someone keeps texting
SPEAKER_L: Norris.
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: It's the morning people are people are waking up and texting and whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have a friend who texts me every morning when she's just like good morning, good morning. Yeah, she's just I don't know by
SPEAKER_L: it's really nice to have people like that in your life. But also sometimes I'm like why do you keep texting me good morning, like thank you. But also why?
SPEAKER_R: right? Like I'm definitely like I'll text you if I have something I need to tell you or but she feels just text like, oh you know what are you having for dinner? And I'm like just
SPEAKER_L: Why would you like some are you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: all right, kids actually have the day off today. Swing all that's nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: My school has, we had labor day off and then we have a week off at thanksgiving but we don't have today off I guess because maybe they do it that way. So then so then like at thanksgiving we have a longer break, but I'm very envious of my roommate and her friends who don't have to work today and I have class in a little while, it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I thought they were going to have less holidays because just so that they have all the school days with the remote learning because they have every Wednesday off. Um Well it's technically not off, it's a day where they can catch up if they're missing anything. And, but then I was wondering how is it going to work with the required amount of school days, they're still getting out at the same time I guess. So they count I guess I
SPEAKER_L: africa I mean like I don't I don't know how exactly how the required school days work, but I'm sure like they're just gonna like I'm sure they're just going to wave it somehow or like.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Yeah, because that's true like circumstances this year
SPEAKER_L: Pretty
SPEAKER_R: special.
SPEAKER_L: genetic. You're so you said you're one daughter is a senior and then how old is your other one?
SPEAKER_R: My other daughter is 14. She just started high school, so she's in 9th grade and then I have a son who's 12. So
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's a lot of long learning to be managing.
SPEAKER_R: it is and I don't know what's going on. I I actually upgraded are like Comcast wifi package and we got the highest one, but our wifi is so bad all the time. And I tested it on one of those sites where you can see how fast and it's like I was getting like 100 something whatever's per second and I paid for the package just like up to 1000 or whatever they say up to. So I'm like, okay.
SPEAKER_L: Part of it is, I feel like just in general internet is kind of crappy, but also it could be um our like our modem router broke a couple of weeks ago and we got a new one and it is so much better internet so it might be that you need a new modem.
SPEAKER_R: Well, so that I bought a new one not too long ago and I got those little pods that you can extend it all through the house because our, because ours was really bad a little while ago and it's still, I'm just, I don't know if it's just because so many people are on it, like there's, you know, before them and then I'm on the computer working and someone probably has a tv on streaming something and so
SPEAKER_L: like phones are alone and everything.
SPEAKER_R: all the phones. Exactly. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: actually,
SPEAKER_L: because we we actually switched from Comcast to we finally are building for the longest time only had Comcast and I was like okay I guess I'll just pay a billion dollars every month. Um and then finally got access to a new provider, thank God. Um But when we had Comcast remember it like it was so slow that when I was like when I would have I would be like running a call for work or like giving a webinar or something and then I would go to heaven and be like hi like while you're working can you please not stream any T. V. Or like let it do any like I know that you also need to work while I'm working but like can you please not do any non work internet things Because and then like so I would um my work used to be very international and so I would beyond calls at like six and seven in the morning because people were in these really far like european and asian time zones. Um And so it would be like at seven am the call was fine because I was the only person on the internet and then it would get on like eight or 8 30. It would be like, oh and now my cameras freezing here we go.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See, we don't have many options. I don't even know another internet provider around here. I'm sure if I did a little digging, I could find
SPEAKER_L: But there are
SPEAKER_R: person.
SPEAKER_L: some areas where it's only Comcast or where it's only Verizon they just have monopoly.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's ridiculous. Our our whole Comcast bill is ridiculous. But I'm I'm supposedly getting some kind of good bundle deal, but I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Like I mean it's better than what it could be, but it still feels like an absurd amount of money.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I actually called once and I was like, well, if I just keep the internet and I cancel this and that and it wasn't that much cheaper because then they raise the cost of the internet. I'm like, okay, well, that makes no sense. But then they're like, oh, but we'll give you all these movie channels for a year for free because I called and I was thinking of downgrading, I was like, okay. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sure I'll take it. But like I didn't want all the free movie channels just
SPEAKER_R: It wasn't
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: the goal.
SPEAKER_L: to be cheaper and to work well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. So do you do um you do prolific obviously do you do? I'm talk to
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: Virgin.
SPEAKER_L: do, I don't do the only things that I do are prolific and um I do use their interviews which does like focus groups and things and I haven't gotten a ton through there, but like the one or two things that I've done
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: because I mean it's like it's not like a little micro thing that you do for two minutes. Um But I did it felt like an hour long focus group on some like HR software or something and got like $85 for it. So it's very like
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: don't get a lot but like the things
SPEAKER_R: let
SPEAKER_L: that you
SPEAKER_R: me do.
SPEAKER_L: get are worthwhile. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I like prolific. I I've been, you know, I used to work for the longest time and I still do, but then when I started using prolific, just the way they have the whole system setup is pretty nice. You don't have to like search for things that kind of just pops up for you and it's nice though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've been thinking about doing something for a while but I was like like I don't want to and like you know I like used to go to my job and be like okay well I can't really have it open at my job and like when I come home I don't want to be like hanging out on the computer waiting for things to come up. But I started doing both of them. I think I just saw someone like on Reddit or somebody like you know like I've had a really good experience with prolific and like they never seem to, you know, like no one like it doesn't scam you out of anything. Like the system makes sense. It blocks all the time. And I was like, what the heck, I'll sign up. And then I started doing it and it's like this is actually pretty solid. Okay. Honestly I have it open in the background during classes, which is like maybe not the best thing, but it's also like, you know, like the times in class where it's like okay, like I need to listen to this but also like
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. You can get something else at the same time. Yeah. Yeah. So do you know how how does this, does it end by itself or do we,
SPEAKER_L: I think that I think that they were very like persnickety
SPEAKER_R: Christine.
SPEAKER_L: and the instruction not persnickety in a good way about being like, you have to talk for 25 minutes. And I think that we started at like 805
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: eight.
SPEAKER_R: 8:05 because I was late, I remember which I'm sorry about.
SPEAKER_L: that's fine. No races. I think we have another, If it was 805 then we have another like two or 3 minutes just to make sure that we do just
SPEAKER_R: Follow
SPEAKER_L: as we
SPEAKER_R: the directions.
SPEAKER_L: have.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So you live with your roommate and does your boyfriend live there with you too?
SPEAKER_L: No, he lives um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: like a couple neighborhoods away.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like so I live with my roommate and then but he lives alone and so I go over there like on the weekends or what have you. And it's kind of a nice balance because I'm like I when things were a lot more like worse or just uncertain here, you know, back in the spring when everyone's like what's going on? Like we're all going to die. And then I would I would walk over there like rather than taking the metro because I was like if I'm gonna I'm going to take the risk of seeing anyone outside my home. Like I'm at least not going to go public
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: transit. I'm going to avoid people as much as possible. But yeah like honestly I go spend the night there like on the weekends or something and it's really nice to I think it's really nice for me to like go somewhere else. It's best for him to get more human interaction than he gets living alone. And it's nice for my roommate because then she also gets like a weekend alone and can like hang out and skype her friends and like watch movies in the living room or something without like doing like, like do you mind if I do this?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Now I feel like since this whole thing started, I'm like going stir crazy a little bit just because I'm used to being alone for some part of the day and I'm like never alone anymore. I am right now because everyone is still in bed. But I know soon they'll all be like coming down and I'm just like, and I'm very, I mean I like to go out and I like to see my friends and do things, but I also have like a need for
SPEAKER_L: Football.
SPEAKER_R: solitude sometimes. So
SPEAKER_L: And like on the one hand sometimes I tell people that like like I really miss my friends but also like hobbies wise right? Like I like to read and go hiking and like also that kind of introverted like I like I like seeing people but I also need my alone time and like most of my hobbies are things that I can do alone and also that like I can do at any time. Like even if things shut down, I can do them. But the thing that's honestly been hardest for me is that not having alone time? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. I feel and my hobbies are the same. I can do my, I like to paint, I like to bake, which I've been doing this all. I've been making way too often actually because you know, But aside from that, but yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: I'd
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: else
SPEAKER_R: to be
SPEAKER_L: forward to in life?
SPEAKER_R: this is like my entertainment right now, so I don't care. I'm like whatever, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I mean also I feel like compared to like, like I still get takeout from restaurants sometimes but definitely a lot less before and like, you know, I'm kind of like I have like I have my like occasional like beer or a glass of wine or something, but because I'm not going out with people, I'm like okay if I eat slightly more baked goods, I feel like it's completely balanced out by like not eating office candy and not going out with people for like this evening of indulgence, whatever. So,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, I feel like we've saved actually more money since it started by not, you know, we don't go to the movies, we don't go out to dinner, we don't go to concerts anymore like and so I just spend money on food at the grocery store, basically. And Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I spent a little bit more on food because it's one of my primary sources and truly lately, like that's okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. All right, well, it was
SPEAKER_L: Aaron.
SPEAKER_R: really nice to talk to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was nice to talk to you, too. I hope your day goes well.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You too, have a good day.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Alright. Also Hardaway
SPEAKER_R: bye.
SPEAKER_L: and this by,
SPEAKER_R: I think I'm just gonna close the window, I'm guessing. Right,
SPEAKER_L: that's