Okay. Right. Oh okay mm. No. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah yeah. Seriously mm. Yeah. Oh Oh well okay. Yeah. No. Damn it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Like yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. None come on. Oh. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Yeah mm. No but okay. Mhm. Yes. Okay. Yeah. But okay. Yeah. Okay.
Don't worry if you're fine I'm
glad you're
here.
I'm pretty good. How are you
carol? Nice to meet you
mm I'm I'm originally from the midwest but I live in Washington D. C. I've been here for the past couple years. Yeah.
I was up there
warmer
during the day. Yeah. Yeah it's definitely in D. C. Like it's so hot in human during the summer and I think that I am much more obey northern cooler weather person. So new Hampshire and I was like oh I love you.
It
gets
like okay, so last year, um it was right around freezing most of the time, like sometimes it was below freezing but it was never super cold and what was I going to
say? It snowed once for me was kind of disappointed. So like in previous years we've had a couple of, you know, it snowed several times. Like we get if there's an interest snow, we get a snow day, like people get sent home from work, everything here, but it's great. Um and then last year was disappointing because there was just no snow whatsoever and it was like, what's the, like give me a little bit of atmosphere here.
when it snows in december and early january and it feels seat
long commentaries
and and then after that it's just like no, we don't need this.
it's
absolutely
Yeah. And like I remember growing up in Illinois and like, you know, there's six inches of snow, nothing happens. But then gets sent home of like we had wind chill was -40 or something.
It's okay. I think like our cases and everything has been pretty stable for a while. Like they definitely, people are still getting sick, but it's also not like not really skyrocketing also, but not really going down either. Um Let me think. Yeah. Like it's been, I am, so I was working full time for a while and then I actually left my job to go back to school this fall, which has been an adjustment. Like I'm glad I did it, but also it's going to school online is a lot. Um, but, but like overall it's been, it's been kind of okay. Um how about you?
because
I think they are our schools haven't opened yet and I think they made a similar announcement of like planning to go back in early november and I'm like okay, but you know we'll see what it's doing and in november.
how are you, how are your kids, how are you doing with your kids
online?
But yeah to what you were saying about your daughter who's super social and I like I have a couple of nieces and my cousins have kids um and one of them um I think she's my oldest niece, she was supposed to start kindergarten this fall and she is so social and was so excited and yeah, I
know it's hard
for
her, but then another one of my cousins has and not one of my cousins, she has, she has, I think she has like three kids and both of the parents work and they're both essential workers. And so it's it's always been like a very tricky balance, but my aunt and uncle live nearby and so like they help with childcare. Um But her son, I think he's in first or second grade and he um like he's been having trouble learning how to read and everything and I don't know if he like has a learning disability or if it's just a normal kid things, I don't know, but in any case um they, my aunt used to teach english as a foreign language, so she was never a grade school teacher, but she still had classroom experience and she's home schooling the kids. It sounds like it's actually at least for him because he was a lot of trouble in the classroom environment. It's like weirdly going a lot better. But at the same time, I know my cousin and her husband are super stressed obviously.
Are
well
over.
Yeah. Like it's not going to Yeah. And in a way like it, I don't know. I mean it's a crappy situation where you can't say like, oh you have it better than this other person. But like in a way, right. At least at least this wasn't last year, wasn't their senior year, like going into their knowing what's going on. They can plan like what they want to do about college or working or whatever is next. Like already the situation.
Um Yeah, I've been debating what to do about the holidays because like I I could go home and see my parents. But also, I mean on the one hand, like any right on the one hand, like I could, I could be very careful and not see anyone doll for you know, two weeks before I go back and like rent a car and drive back to Illinois. Said I'm not even on a plane being kind of weird around other people
and because of how my semester's work it would be fairly easy. Also like to go to Illinois and then just stay there for a month or something before coming back and you know like make the make the trip worthwhile. But then there's the other part of me that's like, well my I mean number one it's still a risk and I don't want to be the person
you know, coming back so getting them sick. And also like my one of my my roommate is a good friend and then my boyfriend live also lives here and I know that they're not planning to go home. and part of me is like I feel like I kind of want to like like the idea of leaving the very few number of people that I regularly see like to be alone for christmas fields, so maybe I like stay here for christmas, but then also go to my parents after, I don't know, I have no idea,
but
I must
be
usually like in a normal year I would see them right, like go home at the holidays and then at some point over the summer, like either go on a family trip or you know like we meet up in a third place or else for the last couple of years, actually every year for the, before this year, for the past couple of years, like either a cousin has gotten married or one of my childhood friends who like has their wedding in the area because that's where their parents live, someone has gotten married. And so like I've gone back home for during their. Yeah.
My parents are like, right at that, you know, I mean technically like technically they are under 60 because they're 59 and you know, like it's very much like when you look at that list of risk factors, it's like, yeah, like, okay, like they're, you know, they're not 80 and in a nursing home, but they're also not young and I don't know. Yeah, that's really hard to tell.
I'm studying International Relations and Economics yeah, for like an international nonprofit here for a couple of years. And then basically partially like it's very much a city in the field where like you need the higher degree kind of like at some point, yeah, start
getting screened out of things and also like I wanted to shift focus a little bit. So most of my classes are very like very econ heavy, very math heavy. It's been a while since I did that. So it's like it takes a lot of work but once I do the work it's going pretty okay.
One of my childhood friends went into, I don't remember if her degree was technically like basically it's biomedical engineering. I think that her degree might have been electrical engineering but like she does biomedical engineering things and I remember talking to you about it in college and like we were both in like she was one of those kids who is like amazing in every subject and I was one of those kids who is like solid
but definitely better in like english and history and things. I remember her telling me that she was majoring in electrical engineering or whatever and I was like
no, like okay wow. And then and then over time it's like wow, this is actually really, it seems like it's a really good fit for her.
And
move
slogan.
Yeah,
it does
work.
Yeah. I mean I really I hope that at least like maybe between the online education thing and just like, I mean God knows what's going to happen to the economy but right, like maybe it'll help kind of the positive outcome would be right like if online education becomes a lot better and a lot more normal and also just yeah.
Oh sorry, you said listen Virginia, are you from New Hampshire or did you move up?
Mhm.
Yeah. You from
in 1st 2 for a sec. But it's at
night.
Yeah. The winter seem really hard. Like what is a how much snow do you get when it snows? Are we talking six inches? Are we talking like three ft? What's
normal
for you?
Thank you.
Wait till not even for we will drive was enough.
no.
And then you get like the snow pile and the like the grocery store parking lot that's there or something. Yeah.
Problem.
I was
going to say
one of my
best
things
used to live back like that and it was like we have this amazing snow fort
but it also gets super gross
Norris.
It's the morning people are people are waking up and texting and whatever.
it's really nice to have people like that in your life. But also sometimes I'm like why do you keep texting me good morning, like thank you. But also why?
Why would you like some are you? Yeah.
My school has, we had labor day off and then we have a week off at thanksgiving but we don't have today off I guess because maybe they do it that way. So then so then like at thanksgiving we have a longer break, but I'm very envious of my roommate and her friends who don't have to work today and I have class in a little while, it's okay.
africa I mean like I don't I don't know how exactly how the required school days work, but I'm sure like they're just gonna like I'm sure they're just going to wave it somehow or like.
Pretty
genetic. You're so you said you're one daughter is a senior and then how old is your other one?
wow, that's a lot of long learning to be managing.
Part of it is, I feel like just in general internet is kind of crappy, but also it could be um our like our modem router broke a couple of weeks ago and we got a new one and it is so much better internet so it might be that you need a new modem.
like phones are alone and everything.
Yeah,
because we we actually switched from Comcast to we finally are building for the longest time only had Comcast and I was like okay I guess I'll just pay a billion dollars every month. Um and then finally got access to a new provider, thank God. Um But when we had Comcast remember it like it was so slow that when I was like when I would have I would be like running a call for work or like giving a webinar or something and then I would go to heaven and be like hi like while you're working can you please not stream any T. V. Or like let it do any like I know that you also need to work while I'm working but like can you please not do any non work internet things Because and then like so I would um my work used to be very international and so I would beyond calls at like six and seven in the morning because people were in these really far like european and asian time zones. Um And so it would be like at seven am the call was fine because I was the only person on the internet and then it would get on like eight or 8 30. It would be like, oh and now my cameras freezing here we go.
But there are
some areas where it's only Comcast or where it's only Verizon they just have monopoly.
Okay. Like I mean it's better than what it could be, but it still feels like an absurd amount of money.
Yeah,
sure I'll take it. But like I didn't want all the free movie channels just
want
to be cheaper and to work well.
I don't
do, I don't do the only things that I do are prolific and um I do use their interviews which does like focus groups and things and I haven't gotten a ton through there, but like the one or two things that I've done
because I mean it's like it's not like a little micro thing that you do for two minutes. Um But I did it felt like an hour long focus group on some like HR software or something and got like $85 for it. So it's very like
don't get a lot but like the things
that you
get are worthwhile. Mhm.
Yeah I've been thinking about doing something for a while but I was like like I don't want to and like you know I like used to go to my job and be like okay well I can't really have it open at my job and like when I come home I don't want to be like hanging out on the computer waiting for things to come up. But I started doing both of them. I think I just saw someone like on Reddit or somebody like you know like I've had a really good experience with prolific and like they never seem to, you know, like no one like it doesn't scam you out of anything. Like the system makes sense. It blocks all the time. And I was like, what the heck, I'll sign up. And then I started doing it and it's like this is actually pretty solid. Okay. Honestly I have it open in the background during classes, which is like maybe not the best thing, but it's also like, you know, like the times in class where it's like okay, like I need to listen to this but also like
I think that I think that they were very like persnickety
and the instruction not persnickety in a good way about being like, you have to talk for 25 minutes. And I think that we started at like 805
or
eight.
that's fine. No races. I think we have another, If it was 805 then we have another like two or 3 minutes just to make sure that we do just
as we
have.
No, he lives um
like a couple neighborhoods away.
Yeah, like so I live with my roommate and then but he lives alone and so I go over there like on the weekends or what have you. And it's kind of a nice balance because I'm like I when things were a lot more like worse or just uncertain here, you know, back in the spring when everyone's like what's going on? Like we're all going to die. And then I would I would walk over there like rather than taking the metro because I was like if I'm gonna I'm going to take the risk of seeing anyone outside my home. Like I'm at least not going to go public
transit. I'm going to avoid people as much as possible. But yeah like honestly I go spend the night there like on the weekends or something and it's really nice to I think it's really nice for me to like go somewhere else. It's best for him to get more human interaction than he gets living alone. And it's nice for my roommate because then she also gets like a weekend alone and can like hang out and skype her friends and like watch movies in the living room or something without like doing like, like do you mind if I do this?
Football.
And like on the one hand sometimes I tell people that like like I really miss my friends but also like hobbies wise right? Like I like to read and go hiking and like also that kind of introverted like I like I like seeing people but I also need my alone time and like most of my hobbies are things that I can do alone and also that like I can do at any time. Like even if things shut down, I can do them. But the thing that's honestly been hardest for me is that not having alone time? Yeah.
I'm like,
what
else
forward to in life?
I mean also I feel like compared to like, like I still get takeout from restaurants sometimes but definitely a lot less before and like, you know, I'm kind of like I have like I have my like occasional like beer or a glass of wine or something, but because I'm not going out with people, I'm like okay if I eat slightly more baked goods, I feel like it's completely balanced out by like not eating office candy and not going out with people for like this evening of indulgence, whatever. So,
I spent a little bit more on food because it's one of my primary sources and truly lately, like that's okay. Yeah.
Aaron.
Yeah. It was nice to talk to you, too. I hope your day goes well.
Thank you. Alright. Also Hardaway
and this by,
that's