hi, sorry I'm a few minutes late.
No,
we
want, how are you?
good. My name is pam.
Nice to meet you. Where are you from?
I'm from new Hampshire song opposite side of just. But
Um it's getting pretty cold. It's like in the low-50s right now so it'll warm up. It's cold in the mornings right now and then
it gets, you know like.
Oh see I like I'm ready. I'm over this. I want to be somewhere like in the south or I don't even know like in Washington is to get cold in the winter and like does it snow
and
stuff?
couple.
right now I I like it when it snows like a couple of times but after like the fifth snowstorm on like okay I think that's enough
like christmassy
and Yeah.
Yeah, I agree. I um my dad lives in Virginia and what you were just saying about if they get like an inch of snow, he works at a college, they like cancelled all the classes and so we
don't
get snow days unless we have like a blizzard or something so.
Yeah. Yeah. So how is um everything over there with like co head? Mhm.
Um We actually were doing really really really good for a while and then just the last couple of weeks, I've noticed the case has been going up a little bit. Um And they my kids school hasn't opened yet, they're planning on opening in november, so I'm just kind of waiting to see what happens that's
closer,
I feel like who knows, we'll have to just wait and say so I don't
I'm
okay, like it's not as bad as I thought it might be. Um They're doing pretty good online, one of my daughters is just very social, that's like her whole reason for wanting to go to school, so she's having the toughest time with it I think. Um But I've been letting her like she'll go to the park with her mask and she'll meet her friends at the park, so she's still getting that socialization, but it is hard for them because they basically are sitting in front of their computers for since like the beginning of class, it's all, it's structured like the regular school day, so it's like a lot of computer time and sitting. Do you have any kids? No? Yeah.
I know,
it's
tough,
I'm sure that must be stressed. It's hard even just helping them with their homework for me, so I can't imagine trying to like home school. Yeah, my daughter is actually, this is her senior year in high school, so she's pretty,
you
know, she's
like this this is the last year and I can't even go to school and I know I tried to tell them like it's not gonna you have your whole lives ahead of you of like normal stuff so hopefully.
Exactly. Yeah. I can't wait, I can't wait until everything is just normal.
explain.
Great.
So
and your parents
live in
Illinois? Yeah. Do you get to see them or usually do you get to see them often?
Yeah. That's how usually my dad lives in Virginia and will go there for like a week or two in the summer, we'll go on a family vacation all of us And so yeah, it kind of sucks not being able to see them at least, you know, a couple of times throughout the year, but He's also like 70, so I don't want to like, you know uh
Yeah. It is. So you said you went back to school, what are you looking for? All right.
Uh
that's good. Yeah. My um my daughter, she wants to go for biomedical engineering. Um She's so into science and Math and it's it's I don't know where she gets it from because I'm Math is like I was always good in english and all the verbal stuff, but math was never my strong suit so I'm excited for her. But just seeing that she can do something that I don't really I really don't think I could do so. Uh
I don't.
Yeah, I do.
Yeah. Yeah, I feel like everyone has their different, you know, strong suits, so it's good. I had tried when my kids were a little younger to go back to school because I went for a year and I dropped out and I had my daughter, but so I was like, I'm gonna go back like I'm ready, they're old enough. And I almost think maybe if I had gone online, I probably would have stuck with it, but I went physically into classes and
I just
felt
so out of place, There were so many like 18 year olds and I was just, I don't know, I was sitting there, I was like, I just feel like I don't belong here and I ended up not not finished not going through with it, but Oh wow,
that's what it is. Maybe
I'll go
online again one day, I don't know.
Yeah, definitely. I don't know. Hopefully.
No, so I drive, lived here all my life. He moved down there when I was in high school actually because he um got a job as a professor at JMU. He was a lawyer and he hated it. Um And he just had always wanted to be a professor, so he was there to do that. Oh you
froze your unfrozen
now though? Uh huh.
good.
You both froze? Yeah. So I mean I feel eventually I'd like to move a little farther down self because I've I I like it here except in the winter, I'm just I'm done, I'm done with winter.
so
some
it's weird because some winters will get hardly any snow which isn't really normal. But then there's the winters where we'll get like a foot overnight and it's just my driveway is like at the bottom of a hill to I had to buy a different car just to get out of my driveway in the winter because my non
four wheel drive wasn't my husband be pushing it and I'm trying to get it up the driveway. It was ridiculous. So just,
well no that's why we got four wheel drive because
I realized I live you know somewhere where I definitely need it but just the shoveling and I'm just I I don't like it so and it's pretty when it first happens but then like the next day after everything's been plowed there's like dirty snow everywhere and.
Yeah and we live in a cul de sac and the plow drives around and put all the snow right in the middle. So
yeah, the kids love it because
they
fled
down
that.
But
Yeah. Yeah, that's true.
Yes, eventually it's just all like black and icy and so sorry, someone keeps texting
me.
Yeah. I have a friend who texts me every morning when she's just like good morning, good morning. Yeah, she's just I don't know by
right? Like I'm definitely like I'll text you if I have something I need to tell you or but she feels just text like, oh you know what are you having for dinner? And I'm like just
all right, kids actually have the day off today. Swing all that's nice. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I thought they were going to have less holidays because just so that they have all the school days with the remote learning because they have every Wednesday off. Um Well it's technically not off, it's a day where they can catch up if they're missing anything. And, but then I was wondering how is it going to work with the required amount of school days, they're still getting out at the same time I guess. So they count I guess I
Right. Right. Yeah, because that's true like circumstances this year
special.
My other daughter is 14. She just started high school, so she's in 9th grade and then I have a son who's 12. So
it is and I don't know what's going on. I I actually upgraded are like Comcast wifi package and we got the highest one, but our wifi is so bad all the time. And I tested it on one of those sites where you can see how fast and it's like I was getting like 100 something whatever's per second and I paid for the package just like up to 1000 or whatever they say up to. So I'm like, okay.
Well, so that I bought a new one not too long ago and I got those little pods that you can extend it all through the house because our, because ours was really bad a little while ago and it's still, I'm just, I don't know if it's just because so many people are on it, like there's, you know, before them and then I'm on the computer working and someone probably has a tv on streaming something and so
all the phones. Exactly. So yeah,
actually,
Yeah. See, we don't have many options. I don't even know another internet provider around here. I'm sure if I did a little digging, I could find
person.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's ridiculous. Our our whole Comcast bill is ridiculous. But I'm I'm supposedly getting some kind of good bundle deal, but I don't know.
Right. I actually called once and I was like, well, if I just keep the internet and I cancel this and that and it wasn't that much cheaper because then they raise the cost of the internet. I'm like, okay, well, that makes no sense. But then they're like, oh, but we'll give you all these movie channels for a year for free because I called and I was thinking of downgrading, I was like, okay. Uh
Yeah.
It wasn't
the goal.
Yeah, exactly. So do you do um you do prolific obviously do you do? I'm talk to
Virgin.
No.
on
let
me do.
I like prolific. I I've been, you know, I used to work for the longest time and I still do, but then when I started using prolific, just the way they have the whole system setup is pretty nice. You don't have to like search for things that kind of just pops up for you and it's nice though.
absolutely. You can get something else at the same time. Yeah. Yeah. So do you know how how does this, does it end by itself or do we,
Christine.
It
was
8:05 because I was late, I remember which I'm sorry about.
Follow
the directions.
Okay. So you live with your roommate and does your boyfriend live there with you too?
Right.
Oh, that's that's nice.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. Now I feel like since this whole thing started, I'm like going stir crazy a little bit just because I'm used to being alone for some part of the day and I'm like never alone anymore. I am right now because everyone is still in bed. But I know soon they'll all be like coming down and I'm just like, and I'm very, I mean I like to go out and I like to see my friends and do things, but I also have like a need for
solitude sometimes. So
I agree. I feel and my hobbies are the same. I can do my, I like to paint, I like to bake, which I've been doing this all. I've been making way too often actually because you know, But aside from that, but yeah,
I'd
like
to be
this is like my entertainment right now, so I don't care. I'm like whatever, you know?
Yeah. No, I feel like we've saved actually more money since it started by not, you know, we don't go to the movies, we don't go out to dinner, we don't go to concerts anymore like and so I just spend money on food at the grocery store, basically. And Yeah.
Exactly. All right, well, it was
really nice to talk to you.
Thank you. You too, have a good day.
bye.
I think I'm just gonna close the window, I'm guessing. Right,