SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Picture But you're right. Okay. Yourself with the medication record cough in your question. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: My dogs but
SPEAKER_L: Oh, you're you're
SPEAKER_R: cold
SPEAKER_L: fine. I got one
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: all,
SPEAKER_L: those myself. He's actually quite well but
SPEAKER_R: knock it off cold. Oh my God they boast stop my dad's trying to sleep and they're barking. This is the first time I actually had somebody get on with me. I've tried this like four or five times. Uh huh. Cold. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Have done it. This is my third and I think this is so far. Two out of three.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Yeah, I tried a bunch of times and I never got anyone to connect
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: all right. Watch me try to get comfortable in this nightmare. Right?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know so we don't have a problem to anything so we just talked. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: the last time I did that I just rambled for 40 minutes about anything. Sorry? Not you. The last time I did and we just talked about anything and everything for like 25 minutes and then the other person just kind of smiled and nodded. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Arizona.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I'm in pennsylvania.
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. My best friend lives in Maryland. So I know close ish. I thank
SPEAKER_R: not to five been to mail and quite a few times.
SPEAKER_L: She lives in Baltimore and loves teaching me about that part of the country so.
SPEAKER_R: Can you have been to Baltimore like three or 4 times? Like to go to the inner harbor? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. I'm not sure where that is. I know she's in bel air, she's in the I think she's in the bel air part of Baltimore, so Mhm Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I don't know where that is in relation to where I've been.
SPEAKER_L: I don't either. I smile and nod what she tells me things and then I'm like, okay, we'll figure this out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh yeah I see. It's a neighborhood in Baltimore. It is. No, no it's not too far, it's like maybe look good, Like a 10 minute drive from Inner Harbor. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry, we shut that off because it was gonna drive me nuts so Oh no, go ahead. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. What's happened?
SPEAKER_L: I said, oh no, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, you go ahead. Just hanging out. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I know that. I know
SPEAKER_R: Matter.
SPEAKER_L: that I've been arguing the better parts of pro wrestling with somebody for the last time, I think.
SPEAKER_R: Pro wrestling. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: because apparently there's nothing else to do in this world. I watch pro wrestling coupon and to do service. It's not like I could actually really leave the house.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've been doing a whole bunch of surveys, um just making a little bit of extra money while everything shut down. Uh
SPEAKER_L: That's smart. I have a brilliant idea. Last august to take six months to get my head together. Last job contract. And I'm like, I'm just gonna do academic research for six months and see if I can figure out how to make money to live off of no, we're happy to part with her, but it's like I can get a real job right now, so I'm just like I just make it work.
SPEAKER_R: Hurt. I worked at, I worked at a warehouse at Fedex for the, for the first half because I go to Penn State. Uh So
SPEAKER_L: Of war.
SPEAKER_R: that was a sophomore. I'll be going, I'll be a junior in the fall, it's been like a month. Um But when everything shut down, I came home, I got a job at Fedex as a package handler and it sucked. It was so awful.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I've heard horror stories like I have mad respect for people who can do that because I certainly would go crazy.
SPEAKER_R: I worked at a Harley Davidson last summer and it was great on the assembly line. I loved working there. All the people would really like down to earth power like really chill people. And then you go to Fedex and you can't talk to anybody. It's literally like five hours just um sitting there like move package move package. And they have like a They got timetable. Yeah it's like 14 packages a minute. Which doesn't sound like a lot until you got like they
SPEAKER_L: overall,
SPEAKER_R: were called I.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: C.
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: S.
SPEAKER_L: sounds like a tone.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God. Uh Yeah we used to do I don't know I always got picked to do it. They're called I. C. S. In compatibles and they're always over £100 and like sure I can get this off the trucks you know it's not too hard But when you are expected to keep 14 of those going off a minute and like the rollers don't want to work and everything, it was awful. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you have my back? I could not do that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I had to go uh I had like a the vacation playing with my family um right before like it was like out in the middle of nowhere, it was great before like everything really started kicking up again. Um and I was like, you know, take this week off and I had already talked about it when I first did my interview and they said it was good then and then when I actually asked about, they told me no and if I go I'm I'm fired and then they just fired me.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry. I mean you sound like you might be better for it. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I'm just chilling out now. Uh focus on getting in better shape. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I learned how to up to my coupon and I do a lot of surveys and I watched a lot of professional wrestling because like I said, I looked in the middle of nowhere and there's not much to do, you know what, Everything's
SPEAKER_R: I'm thinking
SPEAKER_L: not shut down,
SPEAKER_R: I get that uh I've been watching a lot of uh oh it's on, it's all on Youtube. It's a british tv show called Camp Pay will take it away.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: gonna take
SPEAKER_R: worth,
SPEAKER_L: a look at that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah, it's like a british repo agent in the United States. Like if somebody like does like, you know like a car loan, a company can only repossess the car, but in England different um they can seize assets like from your bank account, like anything you have in your house. So a lot of its uh its repo agents basically for the high court going in and like well you owe £25,000 because you haven't paid rent in two years, so now we're taking your car, your house, all the money you have.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that sounds absolutely amazing. Political. I also have a guilty, I also have a sucker for british, anything like british tv american
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: reality shows are, let's follow three flues is on the Jersey shore for six months british reality shows are I found this Picasso paint to get my attic, is it real?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I'd like to watching up Bad lads which was also on a was a british show. It's like they take like people like younger guys who have been getting into trouble and they run them through this like it's a couple of weeks long officers course, But like the military, but it's based off of like the 1950s. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but I have to look this one up.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. So like, you know in the United States, like it's the bachelor and stuff and over in England they're like, let's make these young guys cry on live tv as we like make them do push ups.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm That sounds awesome. I just googled it. The first line of the Wikipedia article on it is a, is a reality game show specifically of the
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: kind that constitutes a historically derived social experiment. Other examples being the 1900 House on the Frontier House.
SPEAKER_R: What happens?
SPEAKER_L: But actually if you like those kinds of shows though, the Frontier House one, they're all older, I think they're like 50 God, I feel old, I'm 30 but I'm like, it's depending on what it was done though, they're really good. They basically take a bunch of families and make them like try to live like they lived on the prairie,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's awesome. Just google that, looking that up right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, the frontier house and then they also have the 1900 house, which I like better. But that's also because it's british based and the british families actually get into it and don't complain too much. Whereas I from what I? Ve, it's been years as I've watched it where the american one, they just kind of sit there and they complained about how much they miss, like the internet or the Children. It was, It's, they're both good. I have to pick, I love the 1900 house, but also because 1900 Orient England is literally some of the weirdest times you will ever find for history period.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I mean how can you not sit there and wonder about the time of the world that gave us the most primal example of weird victorian taxes on me.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I love watching, you know that british show horrible histories. Um Well like the first, like the first part better than I like ended after four seasons and now it's got like a whole new cast. It sounds good, but I love watching like, you know uh weird victoria and shit that just doing, they're all time period was so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It was bizarre. I mean, if you want to look, I would watch, it's a 20 minute documentary on YouTube and it's walter potter, the man who married kittens. And if you're not squeamish with taxidermy, There was this guy in Victorian England say 1850s, 1860s, 1870s in that time frame. And he was a taxi derby as well, victorian whimsy being what it was he would take like, like the farmers would kill their kids, would kill their kids to prevent overpopulation. I think what I read after I watched this stupid documentary and I'm not stupid, but it was like weird stupid, not stupid, stupid, but Like in the Victorian Farms of England, they would have like 15 cats who would have kittens. And then for every letter, only one kid was allowed to remain alive and they would basically drown the other. The other kittens looked just horrible. But these farmers would give their dead cats to this man who would like stuff them and put them in outfits to set up these really weird whimsical scenes like you know, a chicken wedding.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my god. I googled it and it's so bizarre and
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: it is and then they've got another one that was interesting and it's a monkey riding a goat also saying the same guy and the whole story about it was like this monkey with somebody's patent like to steal fruit. And so the grocer, the owner of the growth of the owner of the forefront of the fruit stand, jumps a bunch of ice water to stop the monkey and kills it. So what do they do, give it to this man to stuff and he mounts it riding a goat who was
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: also actually a bad who's also equally bad where they had, where they basically put him down and then gave them to the taxidermists amounts and yeah they got at the monkey riding a goat.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my god. Yeah. I found it. It's God. That's so weird.
SPEAKER_L: It is and it's just this guy just was some weird, he didn't do it for fame, nobody really knew who he was and it was just something that you traveled to England to see kind of like how in America were like oh let's go see the world's largest ball of twine. That exact Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: The shoe house, have you heard of that? The lady lived in the shoe?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not sure now, I get to google it because like I know there's a shoe factory in ST louis said they made into like a really bizarre museum but
SPEAKER_R: Um It's okay. It's actually real close to me. I live in york county. Um It's called the hain shoe house. It's
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: in,
SPEAKER_L: there, wow, that's a show. Huh? That's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: right by the highway. We drive past it all the time. It's literally like a giant shoe that people live in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you get the better of the, you get the better of the tourist opportunity is the only thing for me is if you go down and drive down the street from my house and you look out to your right, I'm surrounded by mountain like desert mountains. But the range that's furthest away from where I am is rumored to be haunted by native american Apache spirits who will behead you if you get too close to their gold or something like it's weird.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: The superstition Superstition Mountains. Um there was a man, if I can do the story of the short version of a very long convoluted story that even, I don't entirely understand because you know, mythology is that there was, there was this man named Jacob waltz and he was, he was a dutch matter, he was german and they called him the dutchman, I don't remember why, but anyway and he would go off into these mountains to pan for gold because you know golden grows apparently gold is found in the mountains of Arizona apparently. I mean what do I know I not natively born here, I've just learned this stuff over the years. But when he died he went back into town and died in somebody's boarding house and when they went through his stuff they found a letter addressed to the woman who owned the boarding house and it said look in this suitcase under my bed and she found the suitcase that had like these giants something I don't know if it was dust or bars or something like this. Just giant amounts of like the most perfect gold they'd ever seen and all he would tell them when he was alive was like my mountain can't be seen from the my mind can't be seen from the path and if you google it it's this entire thing. But the problem with it is that obviously didn't want anyone to find his mind and nowadays people go off looking for it and they die and its like are they getting too close to it as a spirit that haunted people go missing in these mountains all the time. They're looking for this gold and I'm just like yeah I'm going to stay out of the mountains because I don't like hiking on a good day and be I don't want to piss off any ghosts.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Oh we have a good one to um Oh and P. A. It's called The Green Man. And it's
SPEAKER_L: go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: it's the soy of this guy um who was electrocuted um and was horribly disfigured. Um And he has like a green glow to his skin and he walks around at at midnight in the dark along roadways. Um And the like will try and kill people which is like fun story. But dudes, Real Raymond Robinson was his name.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I'm looking at a Harley no phase. He was the only reason he would walk around at midnight was he didn't want to attract attention
SPEAKER_R: Dude
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: himself.
SPEAKER_R: actually yeah super chill dude. Actually he would post with pictures if you were nice to him. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: but still there. You would think that after you became a local legend, you would just start walking during the day because apparently according to this, he got hit by cars multiple times.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean if I saw a dude
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: was,
SPEAKER_R: kind of looked like him coming at me at night, like I think I'm gonna hit him with my card too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just like, I don't blame you, but still Holy cow. Yeah. Apparently when he was injured by an electrical line as he climbed a pole, lost his eyes, nose and right arm. Oh
SPEAKER_R: dude.
SPEAKER_L: and they made it into a movie of some kind. Apparently they were going to I've been trying to, I'm trying to figure out.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. T shirt your uh plans to route 31 and it's in it's on hold As of 2020.
SPEAKER_L: Both of course, Because you know, 2020 took away all the everything good and give us a bunch of weird crap that nobody can quite explain For murder hornets to meth gators to, we had a bridge collapse in Arizona the other day actually this morning apparently there was a train bridge collapse something about lumber catching fire and I'm like, it's 115°.
SPEAKER_R: country,
SPEAKER_L: Of course something's going
SPEAKER_R: everything's
SPEAKER_L: to catch fire.
SPEAKER_R: just spontaneously combusting, it's so damn hot.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, everything spontaneously combusting. People are dying like, like what was in the span of a week with Olivia de Havilland who was 100 and four regis Philbin. And it's like every time you turn on the news there's some other weird story going on or like every time you turn on, what was it? Or you turn on the news and some, regardless of where you stand on the issue, you still have to like, just look at what the hell the world is coming to and you turn on CNN and every other thing is a bad sound bite from the president, regardless of where you stand on the issues with them. Like everything else is a bad sound. But what was I saw as 150,000 dead from covid president? Nobody likes me and legit headlines and you're just like,
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: luck.
SPEAKER_L: the mind get it wrong? Are we really in 2012?
SPEAKER_R: Oh my god. Well what did they say? But like They said that something was going on with the Mayan calendar where they like something like missier so it would like more translate like 2020 was like the more
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: like correct.
SPEAKER_L: what I saw. But I don't actually know that was like proven if that was some crazy person, all of the new one was the president endorses woman who says ovarian cysts come from sex with demons in your sleep.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my god I did see that. See.
SPEAKER_L: And then on top of me that I got a friend tell him, you know, that's the earth. That's theologically inaccurate because you know, they were all wiped out by the great flood and you can't confuse them for incubators. Last succubi and I'm just sitting there going, uh huh I agree with you. But still
SPEAKER_R: Somebody's watching a lot of supernatural.
SPEAKER_L: they have. I mean, yeah, I mean, come on. Or that was the other one was actually, cause I have a memory here along those lines and it was something about how the government is run by reptilian ins.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I could believe it, they're crazy. I don't know what's going on.
SPEAKER_L: Nothing makes sense anymore. Like it's 2020. You would think we would have the stuff figured out by now and
SPEAKER_R: everybody
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: has
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: lost a damn mind.
SPEAKER_L: seriously. And I mean I'm just looking at this stuff like, yeah, because I'm going past my old screenshots and I'm like, everything here is either old but is relevant again or it's like weird face mask stuff because a new thing is like, if I'm going to wear it, I might as well have fun with it. But then I'm like, you know, am I going to be that crazy person walking around Arizona and a sparkly mass made by Luca doors? But you know, that doesn't bother me. But you know, my
SPEAKER_R: Later
SPEAKER_L: new philosophy is have fun with it. You know, if I'm gonna be stuck wearing it, why am I going to kill a tree every time I need to leave my house? Just get a bunch of reusable masks and the craziest patterns possible.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've been uh I've been experimenting with uh some I've bought uh ones with dinosaurs on them. Uh Just
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: dumb
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: it's a dumb little mass like that. Oh um have you seen that? Ah God it was just like recently on twitter. It's um people have like been cutting like slits in their mass right by their math by their mouth and they're eating, it's funny, it's
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: it's so weird and desire
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: and I don't know why.
SPEAKER_L: for people who are like, I'm going to cut holes in them because I don't actually want to wear them. But it's going to be obvious. Like it's not obvious for the world. So I can't get yelled at.
SPEAKER_R: Oh the mesh masks
SPEAKER_L: I saw those two are like, what
SPEAKER_R: my.
SPEAKER_L: the hell? Like, you know, I'm sorry. I understand actually the sadder part and again, not to get politically on you, but I saw this on twitter to crack me up. But it was if world war to happen today, everybody, we'll be walking around in three parents and nylons eating pound cake every
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: day
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: and screaming freedom. And I'm like, dude, that is so scary. Funny. But also true. Because we know
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: those.
SPEAKER_R: her, I mean they were dumb back then too though uh what was it that this was on horrible histories to the women would seal um uh TNT the high explosive from factories and use it to dye their hands, their hair blond.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know that. That is terrifying.
SPEAKER_R: Uh that's more british in the United States when they ran out of stockings, they when
SPEAKER_L: Ramani.
SPEAKER_R: you like do stuff when you do something with turkey, it creates this like kind of like gravy type stuff and they paint their legs with it and then use like a marker and draw a line on the backs of their legs to make it look like they were wearing stockings,
SPEAKER_L: That isn't I mean I applaud them for creativity. Okay. I found it gravy stockings and TNT hair dye fashion and World War Two because you're just like, I mean I love weird history so it's like so like I absolutely love weird history. If I'm not reading something else, I've got a book that I'm listening to and it's the story of was it's the story of one of the most well known acrobatic area lists of the 20th century and mind. I should probably get beyond chapter two and not but long till it's I don't like the person who reads that but
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I can't really listen to people because like people, I'm a really, really fast reader
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: I, people talk like so damn slow and I'm like, dude, I could have finished the book by the time you're like a quarter of the way through
SPEAKER_L: I get through that with a lot of things. So for me I've got severe 80 is it? I can never remember the politically correct term for but have severe A. D. H. D. So for me I always have to be multitasking. I can't just sit there and focus on one thing at a time. If I'm focusing on this I'm I've got like I need, so if I'm watching a movie I've got the knitting needles going because obviously you know I've memorized what I'm working on and I don't need to watch what I'm doing on that.
SPEAKER_R: FBI
SPEAKER_L: And it's
SPEAKER_R: too,
SPEAKER_L: the same thing with that though. It's like if it's a really good audiobook or if it's something like I need no I need to slow down on like if I'm listening to an audiobook while working on a survey for example I can zoom I can tune out the music just to keep the the book just to keep me like on pace and not. But then what happens is I run into the same problem you do, because if it's something interesting, I just want to know what happened. So then I read ahead Because of the way I've got this app set up and then the next thing, you know, I'm like, I just read this book in like 45 minutes and now I don't want to go back and listen to the two hours of text. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: I got
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: Berlin
SPEAKER_R: you, What is it I've been reading um 1/2 after by uh what's his name? It's William something William pfosten. It's about like an emp attack on the United States and I read the book before but like I finally bought it, I've read it like years ago um and then I bought the sequel to it too so I could read them and I've gotten like maybe a quarter of the way through. Its been like it's been
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: like over a month now and I just like I keep like skipping through because I'm like okay, this part is boring and then I skip ahead to read this part, I'm like oh look at all this background that I should have known. So I go back and I'm trying to read it and I'm like, wow, this is boring, so I skip back head. Oh, I
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: need that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I do as well. The kind of person where I'll read the ending first to know if it's worth my time and then I'm like, okay, let me go back and do that. I do, I do a lot of historical stuff. I love like my, my ultimate favorite type of books to read and they're harder to find the newest, hold on to find something really screaming at me. I forgot the thing, my mturk scripts were going off before, so I turned it off and then forgot that something ought to accept it. I'm like, let me just return that. I don't really Need the three cents and I don't mean that sarcastically. I mean that literally feel I'm sick of transcribing email addresses. People think you're crazy when you start talking about how much people are listening, until you start doing like these micro tasks and then you're like, yeah, no, trust me, I've seen it and then, you know, they probably still think you're crazy, but that's why I've learned to keep receipts of things. So when I start babbling about something that like most people who don't do surveys and stuff know about, I usually I'll have like a blank screen shot or something just so I can say you really think I'm crazy now. And then they're like, oh shit yeah, you're, you're telling the truth.
SPEAKER_R: What was it the one time? Um I got like a task to like, it was transcribing people's alexas that were like listening to their conversation. It was like what the fuck? And um like all my friends have them and they're like why don't you want to like get one? And I was like listen, I literally have like gone over this like they are always listening to you for like trigger words and stuff. It's creepy.
SPEAKER_L: Well let me tell you because I've got, I'm the same. I know exactly what you're talking about it. I'm sure I've done those tasks, but I've done those tasks before too. And the whole thing would like me is I've got the smart speakers everywhere because they're convenient. But I also know like, you know, don't talk about my plans to rob a bank, but what started happening and I only figured this out like in the last like two months or all, it shows you how much I pay attention is that we'll get weird. So my dad's a little conservative and I'm a liberal will occasionally get into, you know, those families screaming matches over politics.
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I couldn't figure out why I kept one day we were arguing about donald trump and gun rights and all of a sudden I'm getting all my youtube advertising is like donald trump, wanted to want to protect your gun rights. And I'm like, what the hell is going on here? And I didn't think anything of it. Well, Fast forward to Aaron Arizona. There was a, there was a guy running for Senator named Mark Kelly and I live with my 14 year old cousin who is very politically trying to be politically minded and he's always talking about how much he likes this Mark kelly guy. So all of a sudden I'm getting youtube ads that are anti Mark kelly and I'm like, wait a minute. It's and I finally figured
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: you think
SPEAKER_L: it was the smart speakers because we've got three of them, one
SPEAKER_R: like?
SPEAKER_L: of my bedroom, one in the living room and one of my parents bathroom. I figured out it was there to google minis picking up on the politicians names and then sending us advertising for them and I'm like the fucking google home is spying on us. And because like the only thing that can explain why like I said I watch a lot of professional wrestling and I kept getting wrestling ab on Youtube but I'm thinking it's because you know I'm subscribed to the to the channels on, you know it's the the speaker is picking up on the sound coming from the T. V. And lately they started triggering with like no provocation and I'm like I really should unplug this and figure it out. But I also don't know how much I care either.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I just need a camelback. I'm an army are shirt today.
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: I, I leave next week for some training in Fort Dix New Jersey and just yesterday I started, I was like, oh, I need to buy a camelback and I just said it around my phone and like literally like five minutes later I'm on Youtube and uh the military camelback, you know, rock and awesome. Exactly what you need for all your outdoor training. And I'm like bro, stop,
SPEAKER_L: It is so scary when they do that.
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: Like I did one on Mturk once and again it was identified the gender of the person in this picture and I'm like okay, great. But then it's all security cam footage from Home Depot. It's what group of the requester to see who the company was. And they were like a leading processor and like artificial intelligence technology. And I'm like, I'm like, I can't prove it obviously. But at the Home Depot sells their security cam footage to these companies building artificial intelligence.
SPEAKER_R: Look it up.
SPEAKER_L: And then like I remember there was one last year that was kind of awesome if you were good at it. But it was, and these are the kind of task people do it. It's awesome. It was five cents to determine a set of coordinates
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: being on a college campus or a military base or whatever they want. I don't remember. They had a military base, but they might have. And it was, what was it? It was dominoes when they were setting up there. Uh, you know, deliver anywhere app they
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: needed when they needed. It was easier to pay people five cents to find the coordinates they needed for these locations instead of just, you know, other people doing it and you're just like,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: holy
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: crap.
SPEAKER_R: creeping.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, my big one is for me is I now question where how the I hate paper forms because I've done enough of the transcription work now to realize that most of the places that offer paper forms are paying people a penny apiece or so to like transcribe your information. Like I did one. So I've done Social Security numbers, I've done prayer requests. I've done names and addresses. There was a sex ed class in Australia that like was paying people three cents a sheet to sit there and transcribe what these kids were saying about, like, you know about like sexual education. Like, you know, what
SPEAKER_R: She
SPEAKER_L: options would you take in this city? Like what are of the following options? Which one would you take? And it was I would not date somebody older than me, I would date somebody older than me, I would tell my mother and I'm sitting there going, this is really create, this is creepy, what the hell is this curriculum? Because now I'm curious and b why the hell are they having complete strangers? Transcribe this and see, are they telling people like your information might be uploaded? And that was the same thing with I think have you heard of eyeball to?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I have that.
SPEAKER_L: I do too. However, I held back out of the longest time because I never stopped to ask myself how are they doing this thing? Like how are they doing the matchups? Well again, it's the wonders of micro, of the micro task. They'll so when you put your receipt into I bada they'll send it to so they'll send it to an end turk worker to sit there and transcribe for like five cents for their and send it back to them. And it's basically like all these things that we never we took for granted the computers are doing are just are on the low paid labour. But I can't complain because it pays my bills and just gives me a broader view of the world. I mean come on like
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: right now I'm lucky to have anything, I'm right now I'm lucky to have any kind of income let alone let alone a bad one. I mean you know it's not great but it's better than what I could be doing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've been doing a lot of, a lot of stuff on craigslist, like just dumb shit like oh come over and like move this mound of dirt and like dumb shit like that makes some extra.
SPEAKER_L: I would do that if I didn't live in the middle of nowhere and I wasn't so where I am and I live in the middle of nowhere, in Arizona is a red state anyway. And I'm the kind of person where if you haven't figured it out, even in like the 20 minutes we've just been chatting, I've got a big mouth and I don't filter very well. So with my luck I would do something like that. I would get like some anti mask wearing nut job and all of a sudden, you know, I'd go to jail for smacking him in the head with a shovel because like I wouldn't do it on purpose, but I have a bit of a temper anyway. And I'm also, you know, frustrated with stupid people.
SPEAKER_R: What it sounds like is you need somebody to help you hide the body. I'm just going to have someone ready there to just drive up, you know, like cut out the carpet, roll them up and
SPEAKER_L: Uh They had it coming.
SPEAKER_R: sorry, I mean I couldn't help. It was an accident. I don't know
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: what happened
SPEAKER_L: wasn't
SPEAKER_R: body.
SPEAKER_L: Actually, I will tell you because my, because I'm that kind of person and I think we're we can start wrapping up because it was supposed to be about 25 minutes. I think
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well a little bit over now, it's
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: doesn't bother being any. No, I'm no, I'm good, I'm in no hurry. What's I got nowhere else to be? Where did I put that thing? Like, normally I get about keeping things at arm's reach, because I've got, I mean for some reason, I've got a king size bed and internal laptop, so once I'm in there though, I tend to be locked in until I decided to move. I can't find it. I normally write without and hold on a minute, my close to Yes, no, that's a knitting needle. Oh, let's have the same purpose. So it's like, I carry knitting needles around me and my person. What not? So, you know these things, and I'm like, yeah, so people when I used to work a normal job, people get on my nerves and I'm like, do you really want to be that person? What do you mean? You know, I was just taking a walk around the office with my knitting needle in my head that I tripped and it went into your jugular. And then they were like, oh, yeah, no, never mind.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: I also,
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but I also quite without a pen. So it's the same idea. I was writing a letter to my dear mother when I slipped And he fell into my pen. He fell into my pen 14 times.
SPEAKER_R: You know, it's a common accident. Things like this just happened.
SPEAKER_L: They really do though in the real world, which is even funny here.
SPEAKER_R: dumb shit that kills people.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, yeah, but it has been a go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: and I was just gonna say about that um There's a, there's a meme that goes around every now and then it's this woman, uh It's in a different country, but there's a story in this like one woman like slipped and and some mud grabbed the livewire and electrocuted herself, and then like a few days later her sister is doing like going around like saying this is how my sister died uh and does the same shit and slipped in the mud, electrocute herself, just.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Oh, I've seen that. Yeah, that happens more than you think. What was it? The Allman Brothers Band. They had a similar thing where they like died a year, part of like a motorcycle accident or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's the dogs, you just got moved cool, so my brother is trying to get past, my dog was laying on in front of the
SPEAKER_L: Well, you're good. I've got a pit bull basset hound myself, so he does this, he does weird things to sure, but it has been a pleasure talking to you. I'm glad you were able to finally match up with somebody, enjoy your