Hello.
My dogs but
cold
at
all,
knock it off cold. Oh my God they boast stop my dad's trying to sleep and they're barking. This is the first time I actually had somebody get on with me. I've tried this like four or five times. Uh huh. Cold. Uh
Uh huh Yeah, I tried a bunch of times and I never got anyone to connect
so.
I don't know so we don't have a problem to anything so we just talked. Mhm.
Yeah. Where are you from?
Okay, I'm in pennsylvania.
not to five been to mail and quite a few times.
Can you have been to Baltimore like three or 4 times? Like to go to the inner harbor? Yeah.
No, no, I don't know where that is in relation to where I've been.
Yeah. Oh yeah I see. It's a neighborhood in Baltimore. It is. No, no it's not too far, it's like maybe look good, Like a 10 minute drive from Inner Harbor. Oh
Mhm. What's happened?
Oh no, you go ahead. Just hanging out. Uh huh.
Matter.
Pro wrestling. Yeah.
Yeah. I've been doing a whole bunch of surveys, um just making a little bit of extra money while everything shut down. Uh
Hurt. I worked at, I worked at a warehouse at Fedex for the, for the first half because I go to Penn State. Uh So
that was a sophomore. I'll be going, I'll be a junior in the fall, it's been like a month. Um But when everything shut down, I came home, I got a job at Fedex as a package handler and it sucked. It was so awful.
I worked at a Harley Davidson last summer and it was great on the assembly line. I loved working there. All the people would really like down to earth power like really chill people. And then you go to Fedex and you can't talk to anybody. It's literally like five hours just um sitting there like move package move package. And they have like a They got timetable. Yeah it's like 14 packages a minute. Which doesn't sound like a lot until you got like they
were called I.
C.
S.
Oh my God. Uh Yeah we used to do I don't know I always got picked to do it. They're called I. C. S. In compatibles and they're always over £100 and like sure I can get this off the trucks you know it's not too hard But when you are expected to keep 14 of those going off a minute and like the rollers don't want to work and everything, it was awful. Yeah.
Yeah, I had to go uh I had like a the vacation playing with my family um right before like it was like out in the middle of nowhere, it was great before like everything really started kicking up again. Um and I was like, you know, take this week off and I had already talked about it when I first did my interview and they said it was good then and then when I actually asked about, they told me no and if I go I'm I'm fired and then they just fired me.
Oh yeah, I'm just chilling out now. Uh focus on getting in better shape. Mhm
I'm thinking
I get that uh I've been watching a lot of uh oh it's on, it's all on Youtube. It's a british tv show called Camp Pay will take it away.
It's
worth,
yeah yeah, it's like a british repo agent in the United States. Like if somebody like does like, you know like a car loan, a company can only repossess the car, but in England different um they can seize assets like from your bank account, like anything you have in your house. So a lot of its uh its repo agents basically for the high court going in and like well you owe £25,000 because you haven't paid rent in two years, so now we're taking your car, your house, all the money you have.
I
Mhm. I'd like to watching up Bad lads which was also on a was a british show. It's like they take like people like younger guys who have been getting into trouble and they run them through this like it's a couple of weeks long officers course, But like the military, but it's based off of like the 1950s. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. So like, you know in the United States, like it's the bachelor and stuff and over in England they're like, let's make these young guys cry on live tv as we like make them do push ups.
What?
What happens?
Oh, that's awesome. Just google that, looking that up right now.
What?
Oh, I love watching, you know that british show horrible histories. Um Well like the first, like the first part better than I like ended after four seasons and now it's got like a whole new cast. It sounds good, but I love watching like, you know uh weird victoria and shit that just doing, they're all time period was so. Yeah.
Oh my god. I googled it and it's so bizarre and
crazy.
my
Oh my god. Yeah. I found it. It's God. That's so weird.
The shoe house, have you heard of that? The lady lived in the shoe?
Um It's okay. It's actually real close to me. I live in york county. Um It's called the hain shoe house. It's
in,
right by the highway. We drive past it all the time. It's literally like a giant shoe that people live in.
That's
Uh huh. Oh we have a good one to um Oh and P. A. It's called The Green Man. And it's
it's the soy of this guy um who was electrocuted um and was horribly disfigured. Um And he has like a green glow to his skin and he walks around at at midnight in the dark along roadways. Um And the like will try and kill people which is like fun story. But dudes, Real Raymond Robinson was his name.
Dude
was
actually yeah super chill dude. Actually he would post with pictures if you were nice to him. Uh huh.
Yeah. I mean if I saw a dude
that
kind of looked like him coming at me at night, like I think I'm gonna hit him with my card too. Yeah.
dude.
Oh yeah. T shirt your uh plans to route 31 and it's in it's on hold As of 2020.
country,
everything's
just spontaneously combusting, it's so damn hot.
Good
luck.
Oh my god. Well what did they say? But like They said that something was going on with the Mayan calendar where they like something like missier so it would like more translate like 2020 was like the more
like correct.
Oh my god I did see that. See.
Somebody's watching a lot of supernatural.
I mean I could believe it, they're crazy. I don't know what's going on.
everybody
has
lost a damn mind.
Later
Yeah I've been uh I've been experimenting with uh some I've bought uh ones with dinosaurs on them. Uh Just
dumb
little
it's a dumb little mass like that. Oh um have you seen that? Ah God it was just like recently on twitter. It's um people have like been cutting like slits in their mass right by their math by their mouth and they're eating, it's funny, it's
the
it's so weird and desire
and I don't know why.
Oh the mesh masks
my.
You
know
and
her, I mean they were dumb back then too though uh what was it that this was on horrible histories to the women would seal um uh TNT the high explosive from factories and use it to dye their hands, their hair blond.
Uh that's more british in the United States when they ran out of stockings, they when
you like do stuff when you do something with turkey, it creates this like kind of like gravy type stuff and they paint their legs with it and then use like a marker and draw a line on the backs of their legs to make it look like they were wearing stockings,
Oh, I can't really listen to people because like people, I'm a really, really fast reader
and
I, people talk like so damn slow and I'm like, dude, I could have finished the book by the time you're like a quarter of the way through
FBI
too,
I got
only
get
you, What is it I've been reading um 1/2 after by uh what's his name? It's William something William pfosten. It's about like an emp attack on the United States and I read the book before but like I finally bought it, I've read it like years ago um and then I bought the sequel to it too so I could read them and I've gotten like maybe a quarter of the way through. Its been like it's been
like over a month now and I just like I keep like skipping through because I'm like okay, this part is boring and then I skip ahead to read this part, I'm like oh look at all this background that I should have known. So I go back and I'm trying to read it and I'm like, wow, this is boring, so I skip back head. Oh, I
need that. Mhm.
What was it the one time? Um I got like a task to like, it was transcribing people's alexas that were like listening to their conversation. It was like what the fuck? And um like all my friends have them and they're like why don't you want to like get one? And I was like listen, I literally have like gone over this like they are always listening to you for like trigger words and stuff. It's creepy.
Great.
What
do
you think
like?
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I just need a camelback. I'm an army are shirt today.
I, I leave next week for some training in Fort Dix New Jersey and just yesterday I started, I was like, oh, I need to buy a camelback and I just said it around my phone and like literally like five minutes later I'm on Youtube and uh the military camelback, you know, rock and awesome. Exactly what you need for all your outdoor training. And I'm like bro, stop,
correct.
Look it up.
All
Two.
That's
so
creeping.
She
Oh yeah, I have that.
Thanks.
Yeah, I've been doing a lot of, a lot of stuff on craigslist, like just dumb shit like oh come over and like move this mound of dirt and like dumb shit like that makes some extra.
What it sounds like is you need somebody to help you hide the body. I'm just going to have someone ready there to just drive up, you know, like cut out the carpet, roll them up and
sorry, I mean I couldn't help. It was an accident. I don't know
what happened
body.
Yeah. Well a little bit over now, it's
like
What
some
like,
You know, it's a common accident. Things like this just happened.
dumb shit that kills people.
and I was just gonna say about that um There's a, there's a meme that goes around every now and then it's this woman, uh It's in a different country, but there's a story in this like one woman like slipped and and some mud grabbed the livewire and electrocuted herself, and then like a few days later her sister is doing like going around like saying this is how my sister died uh and does the same shit and slipped in the mud, electrocute herself, just.
Yeah, it's the dogs, you just got moved cool, so my brother is trying to get past, my dog was laying on in front of the