but he's actually here. Well
yeah, I have sat around twice before this.
Yeah, I'm okay at home you?
Yeah, I had I had two beers last night but it's more the lack of sleep. I had to get up early.
I work for a hospital. I called the doctor. I I mean administration I suppose I've got a I've got a legal background and I'm
I'm in kind of a newly created role for a couple of years where I do I hope I hope coordinate and solve problems in the accreditation legal privacy HR sort of interconnection. So some days I'm a project manager. Some days I want the attorney, some days drafting policies and some days I'm telling a whole bunch of doctors and nurses what they need to do.
Don't let them hanging out at home. Yeah, it's weird. I still have to go into work like every twice
Yeah. Like I'm not dr man like I don't even be in there so I don't like I can do that, I can do the exact same shit from home without
needing to be in an office so I don't have to be there. I ain't going, how about you, What do you do?
It's ideal man. I've I've I've been in that position like getting
them, getting them work in the west coast hours when you're on the east coast. I was here, if there's any silver lining out of all this like it's kind of just destroying 9-5 facetime office culture than a lot of industries including way too long. Not sure. Investment banking is one of them, but
I think I think
it's more my world man
ready
don't
go. Uh
I just say I had no idea like the gun ho level of like we need to be in the office. Like I expect that from certain industries, I didn't realize how big that push would come from the hospital world,
but
like
all the people that are leaders, like, well, maybe not all of them, but most of them are promoted doctors and nurses. Like they've still got that like crisis mentality that, yeah, we're gonna, we're going to come in and no matter what, we will always be there and on site because how could we tell some people to do it and not others?
Which is, I mean, I don't think you actually do that. It's kind of like a further job.
oh yeah, we're fine. I'm an old dog. And
I mean we're certainly doing better than some of our surrounding states. It's not great for for a long time. Cook County was like the worst in the worst single county in the country. It's that's that's because like all the boroughs of new york county separate counties. So if you are usually combined in new york, still the big winner. But like if you're going strictly by county Cook County was the leader for a while. I don't even think that's the case anymore. It might even be florida, but we had we had a couple
crazy weeks March paper, but
it's
relatively
it was not to deal with myself.
Yeah, that's why
for sure. It shook everybody
up like that, that's like a stress test of everybody's mental
and physical health to have everything good kicking up that way. Some people is probably their damn dream to like not have to interact or engage with anybody.
my wife is a full on introvert, so she was, it's fantastic. I hope it never thanks. And I'm I'm probably and extroverted introvert, like I
I don't want to do it all the
time, but like on my own terms, there are definitely times and places where I need that interaction And not like, you know, I think we had, we had indoor dining for like 10 days man. It was grand
opening grand moment. It's patio only. And even then it's like limited spaces. Well, I think they, they carved a loophole. Like if you've got the like the garage doors that can roll up,
then then technically you can have a handful of seats that would mm technically indoors, but it's it's really, really limited and a lot of those places already doing it. This is the bloodbath for restaurants and bars.
No, I think there's going to be a post part unless you're a bold faced name or you've got some serious backers that are willing to write this out. Most of the restaurants are just completely, I don't think there's anybody that says otherwise. It's not looking at it objectively. Like I want them all to survive. I love
I
love you, I got to eat, it's fun. I love Barnes, great. Um But like I was one of those people where even when the city was like okay, they're open, like I want to go to a restaurant, I don't want to go to a bar, like I miss it but
it's
not
fun. What what do you like to me? I like if
I'm at
restaurant I like and you can relax and like other people are going to take care of you and it's like a comforting environment and there has been bringing
stuff.
Yeah. You're part of what you're paying for is that environment and the ambience and the feeling of comfort and relaxation that comes from letting somebody else handle all of it. And that's not gonna be there for me, like I'm not gonna wanna be looking over my shoulder, I want to be like who's around me? I don't even feel comfortable eating like
For me I'll be I mean I'm still ordering takeout with some regularity but
search.
two,
it's a can changer. I I taught myself how to cook to impress girls too.
I mean I'd say like maybe 25% for sustainability and cost reasons like you mentioned, but mostly 75%, like it's a good tool of the tool box. I have
yeah, I wouldn't win but it's that's been it's important to like, although at this point like I've been cooking so much, being around like it's kind of more of a grind for like I've kind of shifted in the other direction. Although I don't know, I just got a big sure
french actually, they just arrive, no fish in the west. And I grew up in the north island. So like uh
there's a there's a couple like dish shares where like they will actually fly the pitch and then from the boat in Alaska and then process a. Mhm.
Midwest and then deliver it to all the people in the midwest that actually
could,
it
might.
it's like a fish C. S. A. Is what it's like the same concept. So then they just do all the processing in Iowa and they can go to Iowa, Wisconsin Illinois.
Although I think they have now expanded like they actually having west coast clients now. So
like they're doing the processing in Iowa that they're falling back to the west coast. Not successful. I thought it's an idea but
I don't know, I gotta have my sample in this.
especially like living that live in that new york studio life. Like you just don't have a lot of space for the tools and trip
like devices and balls and cutting boards and all that.
it's well I mean it's it's what you signed up for when you're in Manhattan right? Like you just don't you don't get that space. It's it's a lifestyle. No I I've looked looked 600 square foot studios which although you're probably like Motherfucker and that had a 600
square foot video.
You know it's a it's a sliding basis. And like I remember because I lived in I lived in D. C. For a long time before coming out to Chicago when I moved to Chicago is like holy crap like there's just so much more space. So
it's a
it's a
different
thing.
Yeah I'm and bosses the cool landing spot to I don't still have a, it's certainly big enough that you will have the most of most of it. Like any proper, your new yorker, you'll be able to tell everybody what's not there. But uh, but the good news is that you're close enough that you can get it and if you can't get it, you can get it shit and plus you'll
have, you'll have people who can hook you up. Yeah, we'll still have packages. My birthday was last month and my mom sent me in boxing from Kansas. I did not, I did not see coming and I've been at the hospital all day and I came home and there was just this massive package of corn beef and pastrami and like the whole, the whole thing and I was I uh completely shocked And mm
my
parents are new Yorkers. Like my grandma, my grandpa was lifetime new yorker to florida retired. It's a, I get the appeal. But yeah, Covid is making everybody challenge everything.
It's wild to see like how close you can still be to something and still have that. But no, there has been decisions made essentially to politicize public health
and
would, when you do that, that's kind of what happens. Because we live in a society now where people have news models, you can, if that's the only angle your hearing or seeing, it won't take long for you to just believe it absorb that. Which is frustrating because I'm really tired of engaging with people. But it's also important to challenge those ignorant, completely incorrect.
Yeah. Yeah, I get it. But my mom is wearing down too. And it's the, you start hearing that like, well, you know, if it's gonna happen, it's gonna happen.
You say that, but uh
that's not actually so you would actually,
but so much of this is just like contradictory to human nature. Yeah. You want to be together. People want interaction, even even the people that don't want a lot of it, you still want a little bit and you know, there are social or worry social species, the things that have been put in place and contradictory to a lot of our reflected like this, anybody out of the fact that it's also, you know, for a lot of people it's just completely decimated the financial. That's a pretty tough 1, 2 punch to
take. So I get it.
But
But at the same time some people more
for sympathetic victims and others, right? Like it's hard for me to try a lot of tears for
like the commercial thunders that are suddenly
have been gouging everybody on commercial
run forever. Like, like boo fucking hoo right? It there are it's it's tough and you know, watching the way that a lot of the relief and aid money got handed out to it's been a process.
It's a I so before before moving to the hospital, I was in the industry and yeah,
you held insurance world for better or worse like they know that they need to operate very clean but it's good they make a lot of money but if it's not good you can you can get a hope and a couple of years completely like so there is there is a real eye towards benefits. It is what you should be doing, where you can where you where you can make changes and things
are
constantly being hospital, not so much man hospitals just fucking money and they're they're pretty content with as quote they broke and
they
they serve
mission.
Well
and and the funny thing happens when you don't bring in any revenue or the third year they're saying like when the when the tight rolls and you'll find out who comes from a ***. Uh huh. Uh huh. I think we were we were losing somewhere around $60 million dollars a month.
was
pretty wild.
we have we have about 13,000 employees. Um We were also we also an affiliated university. We also have to satellite branches. It's a it's one of the biggest hospitals. Uh I mean we got we got a decent amount of federal aid back. So but I mean nobody no hospital making money right now because nobody is doing any elective procedures. So we have done, we've already started doing some layoffs I think from an organizational standpoint this is going to force the hand to have some maturity as an organization and it's probably the industry wide. Like I I feel incredibly competent or competent and in fact that this is not just a one off um situation with our hospital, I'm pretty sure most hospitals are able to operate this way and it's paper files, it's piece by piece transitions to more electronic systems that again don't talk to each other because nobody's actually communicating with each other because everything kind of lives in a little fiefdom because
it's always been easier to do it that way.
Okay. Yeah. I mean sometimes I look at you know there's there's things like 10 and H. C. A. Like the math of hospital sort of like Shane's across the country and they have um you know they're able to provide some uniformity in it because it's
or
yeah, I'm sure it is absolutely.
Mhm. I don't like just some of that modernization. I think it's inevitable across the industry. So what comes with that most likely redundancies is work for, you know, there's a lot of people the hospital world at least for the administrative side and especially like the university side uh and they are just there they're dead weight and
it doesn't.
just a pack. I mean, hey dad, God help the university education system like that. There's going to be a reckoning coming. Yeah. Again like the singles crocodile tears coming down for that one. Like all the helmets dry up. Nobody's
going to get any of that sweet called football money too subsidized and and bringing the donor money it's I think that's gonna be wild because a lot of those, not everybody's got a Harvard and uh going to be very interesting to see as the start drying up to
who can get,
I mean, if we can start with all the for profit, I'll be great. But I'm afraid some of the more established universities may start cutting programs and things.
I'm sure they're lobbying the shit out of divorce right now. I got a I got an ally.
They
wouldn't have one. Mhm. I don't see what comes from it. But I mean, could you, I couldn't imagine somebody Paying $50,000 to go to medical school or law school and told them they got to jump on a fucking Zoom, do everything from their apartment and figure it out themselves. Like that doesn't seem like a great value to me.
That's your administrative
fees or your your university is like the that's baked into your tuition.
But
they don't seem to be slashing any of that, right? Because again, they've never had to think about it,
so. And I mean, I think, I think some of that will a hospital and healthcare in the United States where we're out of time to break down all the inefficient there, but I would say hospital in position industry, just like the health insurance industry and just like the farm is gonna go industries, you know, it's a
Chitty three Prague stool where each wrong is part of the problem. Uh huh. It's very difficult to fix it without trying to reform all of them at once. Yeah. Right. I if certain that more transparency in in fees and what somebody is getting and why things are different from insurer to ensure, I think that's kind of inevitable that there's going to be more transparency around that probably a lowering of costs really, a change
in understanding as to buy those costs are being made for because I think consumers are also becoming more savvy on as people talk about that, but for the aca by making people have to be more engaged in understanding of what they're getting from their health insurance because it's costing them more. People have also got more educated on as a population were more educated in understanding as far as health care and health insurance, which is probably why board more people are pissed off
this box.
the government is bliss. So you don't have to worry about it if it operates and it and it's not anything the shit out of you. A lot of people, I think just naively thought, well, I'll just do the research and figure out how to get this without having to pay an arm and a leg and then do it and you find out actually you do and there's no good reason for why you're doing it. That's how you end up with a whole bunch of pissed off.
were in
common.
good talking to you.
for sure. Stay safe out there and yeah. Look to the look to the braised pork chops
and Good one Pan Dish. Get some, especially in the fall, get some apples, get some onions. It is a little apple cider.