this once before and no issues and
So how are you doing?
I'm doing okay. A little hungover but hanging in there,
Sure. Sure. What do you do?
Well,
And some days are doing this. Yeah.
that sucks. Yeah.
totally.
So I just graduated from college um just recently moved into the city um right now I'm in turning a little investment fund. It's like a startup um completely from home. Um you know, my boss, you know, it was based in new york, but he moved out to California now. So I got to, you know, work a little later, get up a little later because that three hour buffer. No.
Well,
definitely not.
No.
Yeah. Yeah, I think.
Oh, go ahead
sir.
Yeah.
That's
so
strange.
Absolutely.
Yeah. Well how how is your hospital doing beds? All good and everything? Mhm.
Yeah it's not too bad. Right. All right.
Mhm.
I got
ruined.
Did yeah it was just insane here. Then I'm in new york city, I'm in Manhattan. Uh You know we still still no indoor dining. You know the outdoor dining started to say like three weeks ago or something so we were locked down just for so long. I didn't I don't know if I saw anyone for public looks like 2.5 months we don't wanted to hang out you know and it was just crazy.
Yes I'm in the studio right now studio.
It's kind of depressing to be honest. Like the Oh
that's
thank you for
I have so many friends like that and you know listen like I would probably consider myself um you know an introvert I think if I was an extrovert probably you know would have moved back in with my parents and you know just to get some interaction but I definitely enjoy seeing people like you know I mean seeing friends and just connecting with people like it's good in doses and I don't know I definitely need those doses. Okay.
I
did.
anymore.
of that.
I you know as soon as I so you know majoring in finance and you know just follow like stocks and investing very closely um house recommending people to buy chains, you know I mean the dominoes, papa john's and um burger kings Mcdonald's because I mean restaurants can operate, can barely operate at least here in new york city. Um at full capacity, you know, the turnover is just so ridiculously high, are not profitable for the first three years and to think that they're going to be okay. Okay. I don't know.
that'd be
great.
stop
worth
it.
That'd
be good.
What
you're paying for? Yeah.
articles. Crazy stuff. Crazy.
Yeah. Well, I
I actually um started cooking uh like 2.5 months ago or so. Um I was ordering, you know, I'm not making that much, I'm still, I'm graduate in turn, but I'm still in in turn. Um so the takeout thing just wasn't sustainable. Um So learn how to do a few things. Um I had a date yesterday and you know, we made like chickens, nice vegetables, like potatoes and everything and you know, I wasn't paying 100 bucks a bottle of wine to and normally that would be 100 bucks. Easy, easy here in the city like this is fucking great, like this is
for the future. For sure. Okay.
That's exactly what it was for.
It's about my breakdown, too.
Okay.
Yeah.
interesting.
So
you can get fish
delivery,
you know?
Welcome,
Before.
mean, I was
I was thinking about doing a yeah. And and like right now it's a lot of chicken, it's a lot of you know pork chops and stuff, but also kind of want to learn how to do some of the nicer stuff too. I was I was thinking about doing your blue apron, it's like they send you everything um and they'll clean up. I don't think you just kind of throw it on the stove and the oven and I think you're good to go. Okay.
The
prep is dawning of looking like so bad. It is
All
right. I'm looking around. Yeah.
I
mean
new
york,
new york and general is just the city especially, it's just losing its appeal um to me that I've grown up your whole life. Um And I kind of I kind of thought it was gonna be like one of those people that would never move would always like stay in their city, like go to like florida and maybe like the winter something old. Um But like I don't know probably like you know staying here um but you know Covid happened um I started interviewing for full time stuff um and just started looking outside of new york um you know so I'm going to be heading to boston in uh in january um doing some banking work there. Um I'm looking excited like I'm really excited to get out of the city.
scatter.
Hey I'll take it a welcome
surprise.
Yeah and you know I also think it's such like in an attitude thing like for me um you know uh my brother went to school in upstate new york so it's just always been around new york, but the disconnect between the city and um you know even an hour of state is shocking, you know like I was in calico soon and if you've heard of it's a small tiny tiny town in upstate new york trump country. Um And it just seems so much, well I'm hearing these people talk about this like you know, I think it's a flu and like I get it entitled to your views but like I mean their lives at stake, you know and like people dying like disconnect is in new york, it was crazy.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I mean it's also just such an age thing too, I think um you know my parents are for the first couple of months, like they were pretty good about it. But um I just think when you're old you just care a lot less than like that sucks because this is for you guys. Like I didn't see anyone for fucking three months because of you guys. Yeah.
What?
Mhm.
No. Yeah. All
That's
I
also get it. You know the financial thing is, is something that I think young people are disconnected from. Two. I mean small businesses are the backbone of America and what 30% of them are maybe going to turn over the next few years now. It's
this.
It
there's
businesses.
I know someone that got confused a debit card like a week ago. $1,200 on it. What is going on? Um question for you actually and actually talked about this with the last person that I did. Uh he was also affiliated with um the hospitals and health care and stuff. Um What's what's the landscape of healthcare looking like in the next 5, 10 years? Um what inefficiencies do you see now? Um Bureaucracy wise? Feeling wise. What are your thoughts?
up your alley. Yeah. Yeah.
Sit
down.
They broke. Don't fix it. Right?
But
who wants
his fucking hospitals? He's like what? You're not
the government anymore you know?
She is
hoping
it's the house block. Mhm. Yeah.
So
many moving parts is in saturday.
At
three times the cost,
Crazy.
That
so many times.
you said.
Good
for
I think they're being propped up probably these for profit places. Mhm.
literally
in the corner,
I mean it's not only the education to, it's the it's the social aspect, it's clubs, it's, you know, printers that you're paying for, but don't have access to its, you know, uh
career centers.
So I'm not getting these things going
on.
No.
Mhm.
Okay.
Read
I feel like other, other people in other countries just don't have these problems. You know, they were so ignorant, healthcare and it's so amazing.
And you are 200 other examples, right? I mean alright then um I should
actually
get morgan. Uh
Yeah, this was a great shot dude, I appreciate the conversation. Have a good one.
braised pork