Hey good morning.
It's
why I mean what's your name?
Alexander Russell.
You too man. Right
uh columbus Ohio.
Oh cool both of these clubs Yeah
yeah man the last person I spoke with I did a seven a.m. Session and she was she was in California so it was really
early for. Yeah
she was a student she just woke up and she I mean she was really groggy so it wasn't much of a conversation. Yeah.
Yeah.
What do you do and what do you do in Baltimore?
What
do you study you?
Oh nice. I'm actually my day job. I'm an I. T. Director director ready for pharmaceutical company. A lot
of work man. Uh huh.
So what are you gonna go into I can't go into like programming or
Mhm.
Very cool. So you're developing a game you said you're working with a team or you just are you
taking this town by yourself?
How
did
you have
With wounds?
Well,
That's awesome.
Very cool. It's gonna be a lot of fun.
Yeah, I worked too. I imagine. I mean everything going into developing a game. I know every time I get to the end of the game and I finally finished the game, all the credits that role by, it's like watching a movie. How many people go into making a video game. Yeah.
national.
What
I mean?
I like adventure games, like, um, like
puzzle games, you know, ones that make you think try, like they give you puzzles and try to try and solve them. Um, I really loved, like my favorite series was Siberia from mart's stock Scotland. Um,
I also like this one game called uh, sanitarium, basically you wake up, uh, an operating table like your, you died somehow and you have to figure out what happened to you. So you you walk around and figure out you know where you're at, what your purpose is.
All right, what you want to come.
I mean, yeah.
Just look after that. Yes. I haven't well I've had time to do much. We are right about the time when the pandemic it, my company um we actually have a third party who manages our network management, damage our servers or they did. Um
Yeah, I mean all our shirts were like Nicolo, we actually grounded all the hardware for them, but they actually managed anytime we needed to have a grade or Mhm. Um Anything like that. Um They would manage those but anyway um when they're text uh let a trojan in through the back door. Um and it spread across all of their clients servers. Uh We got lucky Um They stopped it before we did too much damage, We know there's any data. Um But we had to yeah, obviously we're we had to migrate ourselves away from from them. So that was in february And we're right now in Phase two of the migration, we're staying up Nutanix servers, alan the new vendor. So we're almost through it, man, uh keeps me busy. I don't have time for anything else, you know?
I don't get your data back either way
time.
Yeah, man. And I don't know if these I don't know if these guys realize what kind of collateral damage they're actually doing when they hit. Because I mean if we if we would have gotten hit harder than we did if we hadn't caught it. I mean we were being able to supply our patients with medication and allow our
patients we you know services they need life sustaining medication. Like uh there's this drug called dub unity and the patient needs to actually have is to keep his heart running
his or her heart
running. Um If they don't get it they could die pretty
easily. I don't know these people that don't don't care or white but it's pretty
Well uh
occupation.
Their reasons former. Yeah. So you said you're in school but are you taking classes all online now or do you actually go to a question?
because
different.
because.
Yeah. You know if when I first started getting I. T. O. As well a little intimidating because I didn't know you know I'm going to say you don't know what it is It just it just works somehow and it's like magic, right? But then you start learning about it like it's not that big of a deal.
Yes. I took a little bit programming in college. I took uh she plus uh and some sequel classes um ironically I don't do any programming whatsoever. I can't
remember.
Well, you know what I think might even see sharp. It's
ago.
But yeah, it's weird. I don't uh don't use anything. I've never used anything I learned in college. It's weird. Yeah.
All right.
Mhm,
Well, not really. Um You know, you say I'm in healthcare, we do especially home infusion. So basically when a patient is released from the hospital and they need like antibiotics um we'll get the script from the doctor will compound it at our facility and then we will send it to the patient's house and then we'll initial meet them out there to infuse it. Um So I'm technically considered an essential worker. Um And I mean although I could do a lot of my work from home, I don't because the internet pipe is a little bit larger had to work so um it's easier for me, you know, we're done there. Um.
cut out a little bit with being having.
Uh Not really when I first started out believe it or not, I was actually a delivery driver. I drove, I actually told the medication too the patient's houses and I got to meet a lot of patients and you get to know them fairly well, you know. Um You can't really talk about a whole lot of stuff because of hipAA compliance
and stuff like that. So you gotta be careful what you bring up. Um But uh um some of these some of these patients are really poor. Um They live in project housing and trailer parks, Things like that. It's really hard to the sea sometimes. But you know, you do what you can, you try and help out as much as possible when you deliver stuff. I remember this one, it's one
patient was in a wheelchair. You just actually Got two Little Chair and his apartment complex didn't have a ramp going up to his door. Yeah. Yeah. Do something about this. Um His neighbors were, you know, they currently do anything for him. He wanted to help but they couldn't. But uh we were finally able to put pressure on that property owners to to build a ramp for. Um which is kind of cool.
yeah. Yeah. Well he did have a lot of neighbors and again, it was like a small community, they
all watched out for each other. So, uh, but still there's nobody there. Okay, an emergency or something, you know, he wouldn't be able to get out of his house or back into his house. Yeah. But anyway, um,
um, I guess I've been going into the office for the most part. Um, I
once challenged written, started opening up. I've been traveling a little bit because I do have to go to other branches. We have branches all across the country. Um, and I do remember I went to go to, zero Kansas Kansas City. Um,
and they had a pretty high rate. Um, there were about 15%. My company mandates, you know, if you come back from an area that's about 15%, you have to quarantine for 14 days,
forget tested, Julia tested. Um, but while I was waiting for the results, I had to pretty much stay in a hotel room because my wife works for the same company and we couldn't be in the same, the same move together, paying much all she would have to do the same thing. Um, So that kind of sucked. Yeah.
It
wasn't too long at all. Um there's actually, it took me longer to find a place that would actually where I could get tested at. Yeah.
yeah, this is probably, well, that's probably about six weeks ago maybe. Mm
Thank
you.
Okay. Oh yeah, I hate that about that because I know like a lot of times ago doctors and they'll say if you don't hear from us, that's good news. What does that mean? Just call me and tell me that's negative you know?
Thanks
I
guess I think that you know again we still do you know we go out to the grocery store and everything. We never had
quarantine in our house for any length of time. I think that the most um and we still have our jobs to which was I mean we're in a we both work for the pharmacy so we have you know we're gonna not be not working. My friends are in the restaurant industry and they lost their jobs and their scraping by. Uh huh
Um
I think the worst thing well from for me and it's not that bad um from a huge pinball player and we used to I used to be on a couple of leagues and I really miss that. Oh and they just actually started opening up the bars where we have the pinball pinball machines. Yeah but still no leaks because you still have to maintain social distancing
and you can't really have leagues have had those in place. Yeah.
Um For the most part it depends on the on the league, for the most part you're playing against other people by yourself. Um And generally there's um you need at least four machines because you play around the four and each person well you know before four people together and each person will pick a machine that they want to play. So you play each game and then It's a weighted so if you come in first to get three points 2nd place two points, their face one and 4.0. And then at the end of the session 10 weeks whoever has those points gets into the finals and then you go from there. But
then what's
that?
I've got I've gotten I got a few trophies. I'm actually it's actually uh it's supreme big pretty big organizations called F. P. A. Um
And they actually tracked All the tournaments if you belong to this this group and they rank everybody. And that was actually I was actually I was actually ranked 7, 750 out of 45,000 people in the world. I got a buddy here who lives down the street, His name is Trent and he's actually ranked 5th in the world. Man, this kid is incredible. I learned so much from now on,
I
was crying.
Yeah that's that's the whole thing is there's two strategies. one strategy is you have to control the ball, right? So um
uh and I'm okay at it, you know, I can catch the ball on one flipper, you know? And then I could move it to the other flipper if there's a ramp on the right hand side and I can't get it from the right hand side, I can move the ball from one to the other clipper and then shoot it up that ramp or or through the through an alley or something that wherever it needs to go. Um But now, the way that stearns making their pinball games, um the strategy about how you get your points is really important. There's all these different modes and you have to do something, you have to do all these things before you can get all like the jack box and stuff like that, and it's it's kind of complicated. Um You don't really know what to do at first
because
I don't give you instruction right? Uh But
there's an online community where like um like a lot of better players in the world will figure out and then I'll post tips and stuff so that's why you should look at.
what's
the Cause
game?
It
wasn't
My favorite is Adam's family. I don't know if you've ever played them all before but Adam Sandler was made back in the early 90s. Um I still have a fun man. Um uh Raul uh
and the guy who played uh
main character in the Arms movies, Ro johnson johnson also sustained though anyway he does the voices on there and it's funny it's love, it's life on
please.
Good.
I'm trying to think that's probably the latest one by Stern. I know that I know of three Star Trek machines. One was made by billy Williams back in the Early 80s, which was it was an okay machine. Um And then there was another one made by Stern. Uh and The early 90s star trek next generation one
broke.
Yeah. Yeah. Somebody's somebody's pinball machines and I have one, it's an older one, it's Comet, she's sitting right next to it but it's old and I need some work. They're so expensive and I paid like $800 for this one. And if you want like one of the new machines, I mean you're gonna be dropping $4 or $5,000.
just because they're new in demand. And I mean actually there's a lot of work that goes into developing a new machine. Um So yeah in order to recoup all the costs that go into developing it because I mean it takes turn you know, probably a good year before they can put it to market while designing. You know there's just like a designing a building. I mean there's so many people that go into designing a pinball machine And that two p.m. so you know once you once they reach the market and. Uh huh. And you can get used machines after market Cheaper. Not a whole lot cheaper but cheaper. $333,030 $500.
Hi
far.
And
um seeing that's that's the thing with pinball I don't know a whole lot about the working I mean I can repair like replace the rubbers and um if anything goes wrong on the lanes you know store a new part and swap it off. As far as like the electronic go. I have no idea. I got a bunch of friends though so I think you know if I already get some more machines they have to come over and fix every once a while. If it should break down. I don't really lying no how they work because I think that would take some of that magic out right?
Take so much fun out of the game. I just find it you know right so try not to know too much about bathroom.
Hey
you too man
you
never know man columbus there's there's a lot of people in columbus but I run into so many people I haven't seen I mean I'll run into
so I ran in somebody the other day Hansen in 10 years there are you coming to columbus? It's cool down it's a lot of fun you know?
and
Cool.
man. Hey good luck
in your in your computer endeavors
if you do well
take care of