Hello?
More than a
hit felt.
I'm Alex
nice to meet you
you at?
Oh cool, I'm from Baltimore Maryland.
That's probably why we're giving six
well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How more
I go to school? Yeah. So yeah, I'm in school right now, it's not
fun.
computer science.
Mhm.
sounds like a lot of work. Yeah, just
yeah, I want to be a cell. Um Although I am developing a video game right now and uh I'm not sure if I want to pursue game development, but yeah, I know, I know I want to program just I don't want to do like financial stuff because you know that's just kind of soulless but yeah, yeah,
I just I know that I like coding but yeah, not not so sure exactly what type of company I want to work for yet.
Well
last
year I
was
doing my school's club, video game making club and I was on a team when we made a game. And then once coronavirus started happening, I, we finished it
and that was bored. So I just
started making my own. And yeah, it's just, it's been over the past few months. It's like nothing special. So it's a pixel games. So like I've been, hey, taking all that. But uh, yeah, it's cool. So it's hopefully
something I can inject into like a website I'm gonna make so I can show employers and all that. Yeah,
I hope so.
are like mega million dollar blockbusters. This would be more akin to an indie film, you know? Uh huh.
What kind of games
to
play?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes. Yeah. Have you heard of Milos principle?
The Talos principle? So it's kind of like a it's a puzzle game where it's kind of like a bunch of these like levels that you you play through and you're like this robot guy who's having this, like I talked to you the whole time like through some intercom kind of like portal
Except there's no like portal gun mechanics, it has its own set of mechanics and then they release them as you progress. Yeah, it's a great one, you know, it's really because it's it's it's kind of like a traditional, I don't know, physical, one of his physical puzzle things where like they give you a book and you construct the puzzle and then you have to solve the puzzle, it's like kind of that, so yes, they give you certain aspects that you have to change within the level to complete a complete it, so it's cool.
It's like an eight of
New project, yeah my my uncle, he has neighborhood thanks contracting company and uh I think it was last year where they got caught by ransomware, like all their computers got ransom weird and he had to talk to the federal like FBI or whatever and they basically told them like yeah don't don't pay them because it's just like don't pay them because they probably just don't care about your stuff. Uh
because if you pay them then they'll probably lives messed with you anyway, so it's like and
that was it like they couldn't really do anything which is kind of crazy, I mean not really crazy, I mean if you're smart enough you can kind of attack people I guess and not uh have a trace. But yeah, techy people are crazy. The good ones and the bad ones.
Because
How
about
All
Yeah, it's problem. I
feel like they're just uh away
from religion. There's there's so much distance or they just don't see the collateral damage. So it's like it's easier to empathize with something if you're closer to the exposure or whatever. But yeah, people.
I'm out of my school, but uh Yeah, I'm taking
them all online. Um Yeah, as far as my programming
classes, gum is taking to uh on data strip, the other ones on assembly. So uh assembly
one more fun. Uh Yeah, it's just really cool. We made that like a calculator through like logic gates and stuff, It was really interesting, you know, just like I just love it when I learned more about technology, so it becomes less magic. Yeah, it's like I I took a networking class in high school and after that I was like, you know the whole of the World Wide Web, like that name actually makes sense, like that's like it's really cool. Yeah.
mm. Yeah, that's really
Do
you remember State Local? Yeah,
that's a
demon. Or scripting is in CCRC Sharp, but I'm using a unity game engine. What?
I've been forced to take more money. This general education stuff like I because my school is
focused on rhythm making us well rounded, so I've taken like anthropology, philosophy, uh
I think of anything else on the top of my head, but I took like a bible study class last semester. That was really interesting just looking at kind of the bible through a historical lens because we don't really have all that. Uh There's really only one source we have for the jewish bible to like kind of corroborate stuff. There was this one like roman general like it wasn't it's not even like a guy from the actual like biblical times, it was a guy who was closer to it than we were and he wrote about it. So like that's the only source we have, which is kind of crazy. Mhm. Yeah. Uh How have you been keeping up with this pandemic? Like have you been stuck in your house? Where have you uh
do you have any like having people there medicine or something like that? Like is that something that's eventful or just the job I guess? Mhm.
Like any like stories I guess because you said you have to like get people their medicine and stuff like that or you know, like anything that's but if you're I don't know.
All
Something
Ready. I wonder if it will ever get up
lt
Yeah.
Mhm
Mhm.
All
Did it
take a lot of with their results?
I was always a few months ago.
Yeah. I got to live like this for my school. So like it was like once when I got here and then a few weeks after that, I got tested again. My first test
just
never got the results. They never sent it to me. So I was like, okay. If I was positive, they probably would have said something.
but my second test I got really quickly and it was negative so that was cool. But uh yeah,
crazy time. Mhm.
Great.
What?
a little bit better. I got released, so yeah. Yeah. I mean there's really more or anybody had a theater anymore, so, wow.
Yeah.
What?
So how does, how you competition here for that? Like you have teams or is it just like yourself in the league against other people?
Have you ever
in the finals?
Have you ever gotten to find me? Mhm.
Yeah.
So like
what the strategy
I go to playing pinball? Because I mean, I guess when I'm playing it's just like don't let the ball go down. I mean, so like is their strategy to like getting it to go where you want it to go? Mhm.
Uh huh.
The
people,
Mhm.
it's always good to hear something. What's, so
what's like the coolest thing you've ever played? Like, I think
the
coolest
machine,
you played like the theme or whatever?
Uh huh.
Yeah.
I played a star trek machine one. I don't know how many star trek
machines they are, but it had like a uh like a light panel thing with a bunch of lights, but it would play in a way so that you would look animated so like there would be many games on it while you're playing, so like you'd use the two, the two buttons to like move a spaceship or something like it was pretty it was really interesting. Uh That's probably the coolest
one I played. Yeah that that Star trek machine. I don't know if you
that could have been that one that one
it was probably that one it was that one of my friend's house and his dad had bought it so they had it for years. Yeah, it seems seems more like a 90s machine than an 81 was a little pressure. I don't know.
So what's the purpose of that like whether people have some crazy new Teccamore man? Is it just because they're new
How like
well liberal are then
in the way that like do our used machines like do they break down a lot? It's expensive
to repair them. Is it easy to repair yourself?
Yeah.
I get that definitely does run the lad. All right. Well, it was nice. It was nice to meet and talk to
you.
Yeah, I'm over in columbus. Maybe. I'll see you. Probably not. What
up?
What?
Yeah. My dad, I think a town from around
Cleveland, it's blanking. It's blanking, but it was like this small, it was a small town, like a few miles away from Cleveland or something. And then he moved to florida. But yeah, that's like my only exposure I've had to. Ohio, yeah.
All right.
Thank
you.
Likewise. Mhm.