Hello?
Yes, here, sorry,
it's going bad, can't complain. How about yours?
Um So I work at home, so it's kind of on my own time sort of thing. How about
you?
Check out
there.
days are always really nice.
Well exactly, exactly.
Um plans for the day. Um I like to do this kind
of
stuff like prolific kind of related stuff or other websites to like um amazon mturk and um these are testing and some other stuff like that, so I'll probably be doing a bunch of that today, so
Okay.
Um so lately the last few weeks have been a bit slow, but I know like a few weeks ago there was, it was pretty fun, like there was an interesting variety of things to do. One moment I'm writing songs on like, you know, if um if I think it's a good song if they're going to do well,
another moment.
Oh no, no, I'm not writing now. We're reading, reading somebody's song that they that they wrote or composed
and then another moment I am like I'm learning about the stock market and I'm running I'm doing a um like a faux um stock experience and then I'm getting whatever money I make at the end, they translated into a bonus, so
just kind of like fun stuff like that. And then like another moment I'm getting paid to go over actual actual jury cases, jury duty, so it's really interesting. It's really
interesting.
They offer that sometimes. Yeah.
I didn't know that.
that's pretty cool.
Yeah. What, what do you
say they were filled
again? Any jury and then what else?
Um let me just get that in really quick
moment.
Oh right. Some years.
Oh I heard like right away like I think within the next day, so that's to me, that's just bizarre.
uh no prolific been pretty good. I also like user testing a lot. Have you heard of that one?
That's the one where, yeah, you're, you're, you're revealing
your review. Yes.
Well that
makes
sense.
hmm.
Truck is very much the same way. I think you would like that site. Yeah,
click workers. No, I haven't.
Yeah. Yeah, that's what Mturk does some of that too, So
only a full time job definitely will do that.
I
Not
having the
working commuting is like the best ever. Especially like I live a little bit out in the boonies. So usually a drive to somewhere for work would be like 25 minutes half an hour at the very least so.
Nothing.
Oh no, it's,
I
would
get car sick up girl.
so
how, how have you been experiencing the wildfires? I'm from Washington by the way, so
yeah, Oh my goodness, it was just like gray outside.
It
was
you.
that's good.
Um they started evacuating part of our city, so I was like
Oh for real, for real because otherwise the smoke would just seep into our house, it was just, it was crazy.
get
I
know, I was like really just keeping the homeless people in my prayers. I was like, oh my goodness, like I
can
only
imagine what they had to go through during the few weeks.
Oh, for real, for real. My, my, even just the side
of my
window was covered in ashes and it's just, it was horrible.
Yeah, we have we have to go through and wash all our clothes because it just, it smelt like we were at a campfire, we're just inside the house all day so.
Yeah. Yeah. I know. It was
though.
It's
hard.
Well and I think, I think from what I heard in the news, one of the fires that started in California was due to a gender reveal party. It was like, are you kidding me? Like
Exactly like like my my sister, she just had she had her baby back in um she just had her her baby in february january, not february,
january
but uh but for her gender reveal party, she just had cupcakes and they had the color inside so I was like
you
don't
have to go
do
huge things.
it was
something
like that or a smoke bomb that just went wrong.
Yeah, I really think so.
Yeah. Even if they are just a smoke bomb they can still be citrus
just have
emergency
stuff packed up in case anything gets worse.
I mean
it's
like
an ideal
world people would be more careful. But
I think so too. I
feel
like,
I feel like it's still important to prepare though because a part of me also feels like things might just get words everything
that's been going on this year in general and so crazy.
Oh I know right
and
Somebody somebody put it really well there like it's almost like a little kid telling a telling, trying
to come up with a horror story or
talking
about their past day you know like and then all the toilet paper ran out and then there was all these murdered murder abuse. Everybody
got
and scared
of dying
so
much.
Wait
ain't alright in World War Three rumors of World War Three and just the elections coming up. Oh my goodness. Did you watch the presidential debate? That was was the set?
I
was so
shocked.
Oh my goodness. Yeah. No I was just like you're making me lose faith in this country.
the
ones
that are
the loudest.
Yeah. The ones that have a louder voice are the ones that are crazy
paint
us.
I know.
hmm.
though?
though?
Well yeah
it makes you wonder like how many people are actually voting for the smaller stuff to um for example
like who's voting for the state governor. You know if you take a look at the population yeah you might have more people voting for president, but if nobody's really voting for the governor's, they have a good, you know, they have a louder voice when it comes to choosing the president, so.
No,
no, definitely not,
definitely not.
or something like that. Yeah.
Well even even people that were registered to vote but didn't vote,
there
was
huge subject. Yeah.
Well,
That's awesome.
Just kidding.
it's just unfortunate.
Without the same requirements.
You're
not going to be arrested.
The
country. Yeah.
And
it really is what surprises me is that nobody has really been um I mean, I guess, I guess it's more the media, but you would wonder why the media wouldn't either at this point um just bring up more attention to third party candidates and I like, I know a lot of people are like, oh, it's just republicans or democrats, it's going to be one way or the other, but it's like if you if you think about it, like we had a president Lincoln, you know, he was a Blinken, he was uh he was Republican, but back then that was the third party and he was voted in as a third party and that's and he actually made um republicans mainstream because it was, I forget, it was the wigs, the wig party and the confederate party, I think back then. So
Yeah.
I think
if everybody focused on a really good third party candidate though, you know, I I think there would be a good shot.
I
know.
Well, and then it just seems like they're getting so extreme nowadays to where it's just like complete polar opposites. Where it's like okay, you know republicans and democrats, it used to be more of a a range where you would
land.
Are
you want
to
watch
the
world burn?
I
For real
though.
No that yeah
that makes
sense like
like
you're
I think
I think
now then the third um the first the 1st 3rd party candidate that has the most attention right now I think is jo jorgensen.
So
libertarian I think.
no. Well and like I know I need to do a little bit more research to on that but I I think I think she's going she's trying to go for a kind of bringing our troops back and more focused on defending the U. S. Border and then um kind of kind of in a way being more like Switzerland in that sense. Or is either Switzerland or Sweden I forget which one. But
Going to be more neutral. Yeah
I know
I know it's like I say it's pros I see it comes to but um and then and then I think I think um in doing that in doing that then there wouldn't be a need to build them all or whatever either you know and
just because you have more people back here but there were some other stuff too. It was kind of interesting so at least it sounded better than at least is not better than whatever it was hey?
and it wasn't anything like extreme or or super out there so.
No
thank you.
on
everything
rooms
I agree I agree I have to look at her. I know, I think she wanted to do some and I think she wanted to to have things a little bit more open though. Like there'd be more protection around the borders, but have things more open for global trade as well. So I have to, I have to look, I have to look at her stuff again and see um, you know, just double check and make sure I have all my facts straight. But, but yeah, no, I, I do agree with you. Otherwise I typically typically have not really interested in libertarian parties, but under the circumstances, I
personally, I
personally
am an independent and I'm just kind of in the center. I'm not, you know, like bleeding
one
way or the other.
I know.
Mm hmm,
That's very true.
It's like why is that still an issue today? Even if it just doesn't get, I don't get it.
It's just so crazy. I I
just don't get it.
It's
disgusting.
Yeah. You're taking away their agency, their freedom to choose.
I know.
Exactly.
mindset.
Oh, even infected. Because I also see people who are like, oh, you know as whites, we have to pay for the crimes of our forefathers. It was like, no, you don't have to just
establish peace. Let's just all be equal. And it's not, you know, just wipe
that off.
Thank
you actually.
You
know,
depressing.
And right now too, it's not just like, I mean blacks are the most prevailing ones, but then we also have asians getting a lot of bad rep. and so same with a lot of people as well.
Thanks.
Is still occurring today and
to me.
Actually.
Yeah. That would be really
I know,
I know and then I just like just thinking to how you're talking about the border and immigration is just a pain. It's just a huge pain like that system is just so messed up. Like people are like, there's so many legal immigrants is like, well, have you ever tried immigrating to the U. S. Before? Um Like with
me, with me, Yeah with me um I'm I'm biracial, I'm half white and half Latina. My mom immigrated from peru to marry my dad and um fortunately she was lucky enough that she was able to get um she was able to get in fairly quickly because she was marrying my dad. But for like my, my Abuela for her to come in that took about, I think six years give or take her to legally immigrate. And then, um, for my aunt who came in when I was 16 that took, that took a little, that took like 16 years because she, she put in the paperwork the same time my grandma did at the
same
time my mom did and she didn't get the okay until I was 16. So, so that's like 16 years just for her to be illegal immigrant. And it's like some people are running away from bad from bad circumstances. They don't have 16 years too, you know, too late.
Thanks.
Two.
It just seems like to me it seems like a huge waste of money.
That,
I know, right.
Oh yeah. No. Exactly. Exactly.
And like I said, it's it's not like they're making it easy to be a legal citizen either, so.
And
the next
thing
is really bringing much attention to
to like
what's going on with ice and everything too.
That's scary.
And the worst part is some, I'm sure that some of the people, you know, there's a percentage of people that are taken that are U. S. Born and everything and they're still, you know, they, I still find some excuse to deport them back or what else?
Exactly. Like I'm lucky I've grown up learning both languages, but I couldn't.
Yeah. No. Exactly. Well
I visited family a few times there and I've been, every time I'd be there being about three weeks I
think
it's wrong
like
I
have, I have a place I know where I could go, but again you're talking about like the whole country where in the country am I going to be deported back to if I'm deported back to lima, I'm lucky but I'm deported somewhere like like Cusco then I'm toast.
That's so crazy.
It is, it's like how
do they even go through the hiring process there?
So we're hopeful
you
well and I know I know they do have to go through some processes. Um What way back when I was 16 I had
I did a thing where we got to work with some local, it was like a almost like a summer camp thing but it was like learning about criminal justice and stuff like that and and uh we worked we worked at this local police department and we're and we have the police officers, they're teaching us now, those those were really good officers. They give me a really good impression um growing up. Um and I mean likewise, I've had my experiences with awful officers too. But
yeah. Yeah, but I remember them showing us to like videos of like, you know, this is what we had to go through in order to get our certification. We had to get taste. We had to be exposed to pepper spray in the face and different things like that. And it just, I guess it just made me wonder how can people still like after experiencing like, okay, this is what it feels like to be taste. This is what it feels like to be sprayed in the face, you know, and and stuff like that and still be like still give people another, you know, somebody else a hard time. Or you know, or just abuse their power abuse authority over people just because you know, it's like it's like you shouldn't, you have empathy and no like this, you know, this stuff sucks. I should only use it if I absolutely have to.
No.
You
know.
Like our, our officers are so awesome. They actually had there because they had to do video recordings of those casings. They showed us their personal videos getting days. I
I
know but like, like, I mean I mean they haven't set up so it's a lot nicer. Like they have each, each officer would have like to officers on their side to hold them because they're going to drop and
yeah, they have, they have episodes nice. But it's still just like, oh my goodness. And one of the officers that it was like, it's like, it's like the worst few seconds of your life.
Hey,
I'm sure, I'm sure, definitely just so uncomfortable.
goodness.
Whoa.
That's crazy.
And this,
No
young
matter.
It's definitely a different feeling altogether.
Oh, I know. Right.
good.
I think that's the case in Japan too. Although they and they're a lot more strict on that stuff. But you still see people like you still hear about fanatics going and using like alternatives like box cutters and stuff like that to attack people.
That's very true.
Very true. Yeah.
Story
true.
No, I know
for me at
this time it's like I wouldn't
even
do that
to be the zero.
I would do that just to protect myself.
And
even
then,
even then I have to tell you like, my, my dad always told me like, you shouldn't have a knife on you unless you know how to use it. Because if you don't know how to use it, then that's just you giving more ammo to the person who's attacking you in the first place.
yeah, pretty much, pretty much. Are you trying to strangle me? Oh, here's an ivy.
This is where
you
laugh.
I
know. I know
that
two.
Like
I said,
the best thing we can do right now is just prepare and make sure you're stocked up on food and water and make sure you're stocked up on things you can do if you're, you know, if you ever have to quarantine more and not just because of, not just because of the coronavirus, but just because of all the crazy that's going on right now.
I feel like right now that's like the best thing everybody can do right now just
stock up on food, stock up on extra savings and everything and you know
just
definitely, definitely.
Yeah. Yeah but it wouldn't hurt to just kind of
get to know them. Yeah and and just build up skills in your free time whenever possible to I mean apartments, it's harder to have like a garden for example but I know I know they've been trying to do um I forget what they call it but it's kind of like a vertical gardens, it's like a vertical type of gardening where you can do that even inside your apartment so that might be something to look into.
your
stuff.
good.
that's nice.
Oh that's awesome.
those
are simple, I love seeing those.
That's great.
Oh that's wonderful. That's wonderful. I love taking care of gardens, it's so relaxing. I mean it's work obviously, but
I step
it sounds kind of familiar but describe it to me just in case.
no,
to
me,
just
keep the public
and
then
thanks.
they can be. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, not for real,
but
I mean I guess I guess, I mean it's not farm related but still just being able to stock up even on like things like top ramen and stuff like that, I mean it's super, it's super um true, but it's it's
just something
I know,
pretty
much
get the basic stone. I mean even for bread you don't necessarily need egg as long as you have.
Running.
That's
That's
That's the best means
we have no problem with.
Oh, I know right like
that and like egg rolls to, they can take care of me
kind of have to make a whole day set aside a whole day just for making those.
Mhm. Yeah. For real.
Yeah. Well I hate to I hate to cut things because I'm having a great time talking with you. But I should probably go check on my sister and make sure she doesn't need any help with her with my nephew. So so just just realizing what time it was. I know she like she was having something going on around 2 30 so I just wanted to right now it's two and 9 to 10.
You're talking to you too. I wish you and your girlfriend the best of luck with everything.
Thank you too.
Bye.