and
um I am
from the U. S. I live in California right now.
You
know?
Well
I think
I've ever really visited Arkansas
is one of the few places I mean like
Well I've lived
in
texas and Louisiana though.
I have a brother and he was born in san Antonio
yet. I haven't haven't been there since I was a kid so. Yeah.
Yeah I thought that they were
going to give
you like Margaret prompt or something.
I don't know I just came from another meeting so
still closed.
Yeah basically everything here. Well I mean um
outdoor dining I think just opens like a couple weeks ago. But I mean I don't yeah I don't really have any need to do that. So The one or mrs Like Gyms but
no not here no.
I um I live in a college town and
They just sent out something that you know through the entire course of the pandemic, there were like 23 cases, think, and then Just last week they had 47 new cases in one week. So
yeah, it's it's frustrating,
yep. Just I'm in school so just doing school, yeah,
I'm just transferred but I'm hoping to major in global studies, it's kind of like, yeah
it's like international relations but a little bit more interest interdisciplinary, so
maybe something like that, I would love to work, the Department of State is like um like a foreign area officer
or something like that would be great
crest.
Yeah, yeah it would be would be really cool, so that would be like a dream job, but there's lots of other things that you could do, so.
I don't know, I mean that's that's one of the things like they talk about how like with how bad this administration has been, there's all kinds of like career diplomats and things that are just quitting because they don't. Yeah.
I mean there's all kinds of embassies that haven't been staffed and things like that and it's just really sad.
I know it's so depressing.
Right. Like like and that was his chance, that was his chance to like do anything any and then his ratings would have gone through the roof because everyone would have wanted to be behind him. It's done anything like remotely competent.
I was just telling my roommate the other day like he could have made like manga face masks and people would have bought the shit out of those like. Oh
right. Yeah, so it's frustrating. Uh
What do you what do you do?
Well
oh that's great.
You
weren't unionized
or anything like that, Right.
Yeah. They just want to promote it with platitudes and a marketing, they turn you into like a marketing tool without Thank you.
No.
no, that's cute.
I used to have a cat and then when I moved I couldn't find a place that I was in my budget and um allowed cats, so I had to give him away. Unfortunately.
Yeah, it's really hard. I want to go back and visit and see him but we'll see, we'll see when I feel safe to do that because like I would go visit my cousin and I don't want to introduce anything like to their family potential.
Do people actually wear masks?
I
mean like
I mean there's all kinds of things that say that indoor, like that's where it spreads is just so I don't know
like indoor dining does not sound safe to me
and like you're prioritizing indoor dining and now like schools won't be able to open or something like that, which is like way more important in the grand scheme of things. So.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. So I don't know, I I like listen up a lot on it and read a lot on it and there was something that people were arguing and one The New York Times that said um that they don't think Children transmitted as much because it doesn't end up being respiratory as much in Children, like they still get affected infected, but it's more than just a respiratory infection. They're saying it's more like a like attacks in blood cells and so in a lot of people, like most people that ends up manifesting in the lungs, but then all of the other effects are because it's more of a blood infection. So people's like, like you saw the kids that ended up with the severe um inflammation, like that's a side effect of it. And then the fact that it's like, attacks the kidneys and all these other organs.
Um, but for whatever reason with Children, it doesn't end up getting in their lungs as much when they do get it. So they don't like cough and sneeze it out so they don't transmit it as much. So.
Well, because because education is important and because a lot of like low income kids are going to be even worse off, you
know,
they get
further behind and then they don't get meals, another cutting food benefits and things like that and kids are going hungry.
but the parents like can't find can't afford childcare so they can't work things like that. I mean, it's going to most severely income people who are already struggling.
and just like the effects of missing like a year of school for kids especially if they're already low income or I don't know I feel like it's just going to exacerbate poverty and stuff
so it doesn't seem like anyone really cares, anyone in the administration seems to care.
Yeah Right like oh you're having trouble, let's let's cut this from you instead of cutting I don't know, we the tax cuts to amazon and things but we're going to cut from schools that doesn't make any sense.
have been running, I've been trying to convince myself that I like running since I got them. We've been doing that and hiking every now and then throw
about you,
Yeah that's right.
The rest areas yeah that explains it.
Is there in the actual enforcement of it? Okay,
that's good because I know in texas they had that whole thing where the governor was like, oh you should wear face masks and then someone enforced it and then they were like, well no you can't find them not wearing these masks,
it was like mhm,
Yeah, that's good. It's got it, my
grandparents live in Wisconsin and people there do not and it makes me nervous for them, like
when they want to go out to eat dinner and I'm like why? Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, because I went and I stayed with them for a couple months because my grandmother cancer surgery. So um when I
lost my job and everything I figured might as well um and like going grocery shopping for them, it's just all kinds of people that just don't care, didn't care not wearing these masks and it made me anxious every single time like here. Um It's interesting
to compare and contrast it because here they enforce
like limits on the store, like
store capacities so you stand in line to wait to get in, so like if I go to home depot or trader joe's, I wait for like half an hour to even get in.
Oh yeah, I haven't been able to go into a store once without having to wait. Mm. Mhm.
it's just part of what you got to factor in, it's not that bad. So for the first time I saw the line at home Depot, I was like ready to turn around. Oh
yeah. Yeah, it's crazy. Everything like there is some huge protest in wauwatosa where Brookfield actually, I think um where my grandparents live, where people were like this huge protest because you know like old ladies wanted to get their hair done, like the roots done up and I'm like like like come on.
No.
Yeah. I mean I need a haircut too, but I mean I can just put it back like it's not a big deal.
Oh, I wish my markets were only 30 bucks, they are much more expensive. Uh huh.
No, and I mean even like trying to get in for a dentist appointment, things like that are just really hard and those I think I'm more essential, so
You didn't have a contact prescription before?
Okay. Yeah, context are I used to wear context, There's like take a little bit of getting used to, I should like measure it to what you like your curvature of your eye and stuff and it should work.
That's it.
If
you put your face mask like underneath your glasses, it doesn't fog up as much. Right.
Yeah. Yeah. Because I know when I go on my runs, I wear sunglasses and then I have a face mask that I pull up when I go past people and it's it's always annoying because half of the other people will like do the like fiddle with the face mask, like I'm going to pretend like I'm going to make the effort and then just not even do it like, oh it was too hard to put on my ears and the like 30 seconds I saw you coming. Yeah. So
No, but yeah, my my roommate had some, I mean even over here we get like crazy people like had some woman in like an escalade yell at him and tell him that it was a hoax and he needed to breathe the clean air or something like that and like because he was walking with his face mask on.
well I definitely do think the CDC and I guess the reports that I've heard from the CDC and the Whl was that they were or at least the CDC maybe also W co was worried about the supply of face masks not being enough for essential workers. Um And especially hospital workers so they didn't want to um I have to have people like panic buy up all the base masks. Um Or not part of why they chose not to recommend wearing face masks, flippers. But now I feel like that's also kind of backfired because there were people that panic thought based masks anyway so there was a shortage anyway and now you've got people that are like well the extent that it didn't work before so why do I need now like Yeah so.
My eyes
I
don't know I don't I don't watch T. V. So I don't know.
Yeah there's definitely some great things about it but then like I don't know there's problems everywhere you know? Um So things happen here to that. Um But I just think the thing that I like in general is that I feel like a
lot
of things are more taken into consideration about like health and stuff like that wow versus other places. Uh huh.
they're definitely or
yeah they're definitely more progressive about a lot of things but there's still like so much room to improve because there there are lots of people who our rich here than to because you've got you know the tech industry in the Bay Area and then you've got Hollywood. So there's still lots of like the problems with government and lobbying and like passing things when people who are rich don't want it to pass, right,
Housing is expensive too.
Oh yeah. All of
went to one, I've known all kinds of people who've been to others and like, and everyone's wearing face masks to and distanced, so, you know, being as responsible as possible about it too.
I mean, looting did happen to, but I don't know if you follow Trevor Noah at all, keep posting something about how I think it was Trevor Noah, how they're like, you know, most people have a social contract and that's why they, they don't do things like that, like they don't steal from their neighbors or anything like that. But then you've got this group of people, a lot of people who don't feel like the government has done anything for them who feel like it's doing the like the opposite. And so then you're kind of in this space where you're like well what do I owe you? Like why I don't have a social contract with you because you don't do anything to protect me. So um like there is a lot of fluting one night in san Francisco. Um I know and I saw like all kinds of videos of that people like like ridge stores though, like the Louie baton type things. Yeah.
Um That making off with all kinds of expensive things. I'm like
my thing about that is um is that the people who are like oh yeah well you know this was awful, but look at these lootings like like why do you gotta change the conversation like No, it's awful what the cops did like. Yeah sure like the looting isn't great but whatever they've got insurance like.
Yeah I mean apparently um he allegedly had
had a package
left there but the postal worker was never asked about
it like and then they said that he was but he was like no you guys never said anything
to me.
Yeah I heard the 911
call from him afterward and that was really hard like I don't know I kind of wish I hadn't heard it because it was. No because they just
shot her and left and left her there.
Yeah. Yeah it's definitely different like this time around especially from what I've heard like it's the people that are protesting are much more diverse. Whereas like you know after Trayvon and after oh gosh I can I can't even keep all of them straight anymore. The one in um Missouri
they're gonna was that one Eric Garner I think um like it was mostly black people protesting and so everyone's like oh yeah look at these dogs kind of thing but now the conversation is like really changing so strip.
Yeah so hopefully but I don't know not with Congress the way it is right now.
I will hope that nothing like happens that turns it around enough that like that it can't get changed because if we could get the Senate to that would be fantastic. Yeah.
no
I don't know he's facing Amy McGrath who almost lost to Okay something
with Booker or something. Yeah I can't remember his first name because it's not cory Booker because that's the guy from New Jersey. But yeah she almost lost to him. Which like I feel like he might have been a better candidate. He just didn't get a good like media explosion until acted like too late. Um And then Amy McGrath was just backed up because she could fundraise so much but she could fundraise so much because everyone was like mitch McConnell, let's get it on allowed. So so I don't know hopefully but I don't know. I don't have a lot of faith in that.
Because
you're like oh
capitalism
could vote against
abortion and then what does he do? Oh he built up against abortion. Yeah.
I hope so. And then
is
that one in Arizona up to the one who lost and then the other dude like left and then after she lost then the governor appointed her?
but then I think doug jones
is up to isn't he doug jones in Alabama for that one will be hard.
I
don't know. His his opponent was so bad. I feel like that's the only thing that allowed Alabama live.
Yeah, it's a long along with the zone.
plus it's it's so far away. I don't know and I'm like worried about all the voting, how voting is going to go and stuff like that.
and then
you've
got trump being like oh that's fraud when it's not thank and he votes Thompson t so but it's okay. Uh huh.
Come on.
Or
Yeah, but some of them went the other way like they ruled that employers could make this one makes me so mad. They ruled that employers could have resumption religious exemptions to providing women birth control.
Yeah. Like why does an employer have to know what I'm going to get for my birth control and why is there any other business like they should just have, I don't know why is why does health insurance need to be tied to employment anyway?
it's so frustrating like
black
I'm
talking
and no one's saying, oh well me is the employer, I don't want to provide medical coverage for Viagra, but I'll do that for like, like what do you have to do that for birth control? Because women use birth control for more than just prevention pregnancies. Like there's all kinds of things that birth control is used for and and then because your religious institution that your religion supersedes my religion or beliefs or whatever and my health like that's so frustrating to me and yeah, and the court ruled that they could do that right.
So there was that and then there was also the the subpoenas for
his
as
So one of them said that the prosecutor in new york could have it but the democrats didn't have a good enough reason
to subpoena it for their investigation. So they ruled that the democrats couldn't have it which means that we're probably not going to see whatever stuff he's involved in before november, which is frustrating because like I feel like that's something that people should know before to be able to make an informed choice.
that's true.
They'd
probably
call it fake news anyway so.
Yeah.
I
I think people are like not generally
like consciously raged racist, I think most people who get all offended about it aren't like going out yelling slurs and like threatening
to hang people kind of thing.
But there's like so much of the way we think about things has been informed by racist systems that like because you're so entrenched in it, you don't even realize it's racist.
yeah. I mean look at the,
look at the, the way that they, that those people treated Melania versus um
what
Michelle is amazing, amazing person. Like you want
to play like
like lawyer worked for all these nonprofits kind of
so
so smart like so charismatic, so like caring and then they're like oh yeah make make the first lady great again and like she can hardly speak english, she she plagiarized Obama Michelle for like her speech like since they're looking dead doesn't do anything like uh huh
Yeah that was totally racist the way they treated Michelle versus Melania.
Especially if trump gets reelected, I can't even imagine.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what I would do.
but
I was
like oh my God.
Well
sexism
I think a lot that was.
and and even looking back apparently
like some of her positions were more progressive than Biden's
but she hasn't but biden hasn't been vilified the same way that Hillary has
her
whole
career like and I mean it was also the fact that she was married to a former president so like separating her accomplishments from his when was always really hard for her I think because everyone was like oh well she was just given this because she's the former first lady, where is she like deserved it in her own right to so yeah but anyway I have another appointment to go to so I have.
that's nice
chatting
with you to do you know if we like have to just do we just close the tab or do we have to do?
Okay I was talking to
you
II