Yeah. Uh huh. Hi. I'm just checking in to see how you're here today, this back. Who's that? He survived somehow. He dug himself out of the mines and now he's back. That's amazing. Oh Is he? How is he good? Top five, stripped him out. I'm so happy week two. I mean I'll be even more so when the shock wears off a couple of days. Yeah the class was a trauma and then contract out there but it's still done since he should be back to his old self eating it. He's not talking. Is that him? Can I see him? Maybe not tonight? God said you should rest for a bit. What's the big idea? He's back? My brother is back. You want what do you think of my new duds? Hilda. Oh I'm for my first day academy tomorrow. The regular for this Carnaby Street. Cool, definitely not. No, you never get a second shot. Okay, so uh Sabrina about? Hi,
who is this? Mm. Are you from
the crucial?
Really? I'm from parking problems coat.
Hence
the flesh
cures for
me.
You
don't wanna you don't wanna you don't wanna Arkansas? Right. Unfortunately
he
proposed
I was I was raised in texas. Okay.
Okay. I was I lived south of san Antonio.
I'm not too much. Mhm. I didn't say I didn't think you were gonna come on. I don't know. Like I came out three and okay
for
people.
I don't know. I thought I was honestly I thought it was saturday I thought I forgot. All right.
So how's how's things in California is
it?
Mhm.
Not open
Um They're open over here. We're one of the states the governor. Our governor was one of the states that didn't implement like a lockdown throughout the whole thing. There was like some minor lockdowns but not all the way lockdown and then like they reopened, but there's been like a spike of cases in my area. Yeah,
steve
yeah. Oh yeah, that we get like hundreds of cases every week, every day. Bye.
Yeah, I know, but that's how well, so you've been at home all this time.
are you studying?
Warriors.
Okay. Do you kind of work for the United Nations or like, like a State Department?
That's
very interesting.
That was an interesting job.
Mhm. That's very interesting. Maybe with the next administration and you. Mm.
I read a lot of that and like the new yorker and manage affair, like they covered that a lot about like how like he pretty much his mantle, like all these departments and the state was one of them, right?
It is. You know, it's the state of our state of affairs. It's not really.
And then like, and then to top it off it's like they had a corona on top of that. It's like okay.
No struggling.
They will wear them, but they're not and they won't
so
Mhm. I'm unemployed at the moment. I was, I was working in one of the industries that was, that was deemed essential to the pandemic
and I worked through the pandemic and then when I raised issues and concerns about my, my safety and the safety of others, a fire beans.
Yeah. So I'm
currently on,
we're
not unionized. And the thing about it was like I was trying to get everybody unionized before this happened when this happened. So like we like that didn't happen. And then like I was outspoken about it because they're like social distancing. Like they're, they're giving us all this like, oh, you're superheroes for working. I was like, okay, yeah, we're superheroes, but we're risking ourselves and you're not making sure that we're safe. I was like, what? You know? But
Yeah. And then like, they don't do nothing for us. So, But yeah, I'm not really worried about it.
That's how So, I just stay at home with my pet muffin. I got a cat.
She's so precious. Okay.
my God, I've been sure that was so hard.
Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, But everything's like, everything is like normal over here. Like you go to this, you go like the restaurants are open and all that is open, but you have to wear a mask.
Yes. They were massed like into the bars, the restaurants, they were masked, but then they take them off some
round
up thank you.
no,
he doesn't.
I know like I saw that something I saw meme about like it's not safe for paul Manafort to be in prison, but it's safe for the kids to return to school because the corona
Congratulations.
Yeah, let's deal. I mean, why risk of?
I
know
that's what
Yeah, I know, that's what, that's one thing that I told one of my coworkers when this whole thing started, like last spring, I was like, well this past spring, I was like, well, you know, a lot of those kids, you know, they can depend on meals they like, you know, and the community came, came around and like they provided meals for kids and stuff, but
it's a, it's a nightmare. Mhm.
And well
no, they even cutting the school budget.
Yeah, so what did you for fun? He read over?
Hello?
Uh I read watch a lot of tv not really um I recently moved apartments so that took a lot of my time. There's a lot of hiking trails around here real nice
and uh they're like if you're really into hiking or biking you can take one from Fayetteville, which is like where the university is, that you can go all the way to like Bentonville which is or walmart corporate walmart to that and we have like uh this museum crystal bridges and it's really beautiful, that's what we do, it's it's a lot of nature stuff over here, but in the rest in a deep state, like a red state, I mean like Arkansas like up here is like a blue haven real progressive up here.
like a favorable implemented like the city council implemented like everyone to wear mask in public and the win like, oh they shouldn't be doing that, but Hayden intervene because that's what the city council on it.
there is
no,
you know, they enforce them here, like my boyfriend works at the gym and they were face masks at all times and like there was a guy that wasn't wearing face mask and they had to call the police on them because he was worn several times to wear face masks and he didn't want to wear one, so they do enforce it.
So
and
cabin fever gets everyone is like, I just need to get out
born.
I
don't know
people
Yeah, it's the same way we're here. Like they like they have a capacity limit and uh but I don't like I never like it never affects me like every time I go to walmart like I go in you know?
it must be real bad over there. Well it's
remember like when when they lifted like the restrictions up here like the first weekend like we're driving around and like there was lines for T. J. Maxx and like all those places like everybody was lining up. I was like oh they're just ready to go shopping.
like I saw so I saw some protests on tv they're like yeah we need haircuts, we need haircuts
and the ladies were like young ladies were like yeah we need haircuts on like dude I went like seriously? Like I've gone with like three haircuts like this whole year. It's seen.
And it saves me like $30 anyways.
Yeah, I bet. Yeah. You
know like, I remember like I had, I was going through my contacts because I remember when this happened like I had to go through my contacts fitting and I was going over and over and over again. And it's like I found it's like fine, fine just give me that pair like whatever. And like they don't even like feel comfortable in my eyes. I just got them because it's so hard to like make an appointment and like sit down and like talk to the doctor.
It was my first time.
Yeah. Well I was going through the fittings and then like I got so frustrated because like they're like, okay, try these for a week and like let us know and like it wasn't working. And I was like, huh? And finally I was like, you know what? It's been like almost like two months. I was like, I just need something. I was like, give me those complex come
on because I had to work and I had to wear a face mask at work and with my glasses it fogs up seeing at
work.
I did. I taped it like I ended up taping the top with like some surgical tape and that helps a lot.
No, I was with my face pass several. Yeah.
Yeah. I know. There's like there's it's like there's people like saying oh it's a hoax. And then like people saying no, it's like it's legit. And then like you have the they have someone like the president saying first people saying it was a hoax and then like, I know it's real and now it's like, oh I don't know, like don't wear a face mask, I don't care. Like it's like there's no.
Mm. Okay. Yeah. Oh man. I wish I was, I wish I lived in California. Mhm. I don't know, it just seems so like inviting. But I never want to do the move because I'm so used to like the central time and like the Eastern time I told my sister was like I have to watch that and I live like at night live like it like that. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. But it's like that sex, isn't it?
Like
but I don't know, it just seems to have fun over there.
No,
I have to go.
Yeah, they do because like have fun is always like when it comes to like environmental stuff or just like about health wise, like they're always like in the front about everything,
like many plastic bags and all this stuff.
What about the,
I bet how about the lecture was there in protest over there
or the Oh yeah, like like a lot of those things, like I didn't know a lot of things because like until like I read it online, I was like, oh my God, they do these things for real also like that's hard wall and
Yeah. And like I like the fact that a lot of the protesters are like blocking looters or like no, you're not going to lose, this is a protest, like this is not a chance for you to lose. That's like really? That's sort of like most about it.
Oh
This is my
don't change the dialogue from like what what really needs to happen because like I read about Brianna Taylor and I was like like the whole thing of it just seems like a mess. I was like like they weren't even looking for like like the guy didn't even live at her house. It was just like
people,
but
What?
The
power and like uh it's just, it doesn't feel right to me sometimes.
Good.
And
all right. I think there's gonna be some changes like I think, I think it's like we're in the yeah, for almost there were like our voices are being heard.
Floyd. I know.
And that's what we did it happen. You know like everyone is just like speak with one voice for being here.
Yeah. Hopefully that happens. Remember that came from?
Yeah. I think the centers like I see the polling and I feel that like McConnell's like in a tough raise, like he's facing the tough raise
kind of
Yeah.
Mhm. Well not now it's just a race to watch it. And like I know that Susan Collins is in trouble in maine and she's like, I don't know why we're in trouble. It's like, yeah, because
like
look what
you've been doing
what
like you're going against everything that the mainers like believe in like and they're telling you one thing and you another and like now you're acting all surprised. I'm like don't be shocked when you lose your you're sentenced to.
I
want.
Yeah. There's like there's some real weird like there's a lot of crazy senate races around.
No.
Hopefully it happens again over a repeat of what happened last
time.
Okay. I can't wait till november.
I know. It's better right now in the middle of the summer. Yeah.
Yeah. I've read something about you have some tea ballads and like they're trying to figure out how it's gonna go or all
that
stuff.
I really like the fact.
No I really like the fact this past week like how the Supreme Court just pretty much shut them down.
Have you seen that? Like all those cases?
Oh I didn't read about that one.
Yeah. That's between the patient and the doctor. Yeah.
And you provide an employer provided insurance because you work for them. Just because you work for the doesn't mean you have to take their relief
and you believe you have that you don't have to like passing down
to
me through my insurance.
I'm reading about that one that one of my more news feed on the good ones.
What?
Oh the tax
returns? Yeah.
what?
Yeah. Yeah. But also at this point like it is like all the hardcore trump supporters. I don't think it really makes a difference.
What what do you
show
them?
Yeah. Yeah. Like they're so like so drenching kool aid that they're like not even like showing facts, they don't even care. Yeah.
I think, I think mostly a lot of that has to do a lot of that has stems from racism. I think.
All right.
Just a little
Local.
Why?
I know. And what I say about that is I think a lot of it has to do with like they don't, they don't openly say that they're racist or they don't have like racist. Like they don't save racial slurs or all that stuff, but in their mind like the like President Obama, you know, like for them, like when he came and said, oh, let's take America back and all that stuff and all that crap. He was like signaling to them like, hey, let's make it, they take it back. I'm the white guy. I'm, you know, you can trust
and
Yeah.
But
flag
church, maybe
the conflict
educated.
What?
I just I just I just wonder how like years from now how people are gonna reflect back during this time. It's like what they're gonna say about us about this time in general.
Oh God. I can't I can't even imagine that. I can't even know, I can't cry another night.
Yeah. Like I remember election night I was coming, I was seeing the returns and like everybody's like yeah this is the Hillary Party, like it's a woman president. I was like yeah, never by
letter was
high.
Like I was like what's going on, this is not this is not good and oh a nightmare sometimes like just think about it like if she would have won the office, like a lot of things would have been so much different And I know a lot of people don't like her because she has a bad rap and stuff. But she's like I mean
there is anybody
that
like if there was any more deserving than more qualified it was hurt like I mean,
What?
It's just that. Yes.
Help her
whole
career.
Not that. Has it been 25 minutes? I think my guy definitely has been. Well. It was really nice chatting
with
you.
I have no idea. I was reading the email and I think I think we just closed it and go back because I think we go back to the thing. So going to go back to the other time and it should be
what?
It was nice