mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right. Something. Oh okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Right okay. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh okay. Oh mm. Yeah. Okay.
Hey how are you?
you for joining.
I am good about you doing
well.
Where
are you?
Is that right?
Just man, he had two men out and I was also there in new york in the Long Island area.
so now I moved to Jacksonville florida. Now there are
two
enjoying the good weather. No it's it's too hard but yes enjoying the evening and all. So I moved around two years back before that I was there in Long Island.
It was a nice solid and they are very nice in new york canal. I used to go to that place is very frequently. Yeah.
No before that I was in India actually I just moved recently like 4.5 years back and that's part of our purpose. I am for here I'm here for a few years. That's it.
and yeah I did not get what you said.
God. To India McCarthy. He there?
um A M. U. P. Like no
in
the head.
He's very famous in the politics here.
What?
but I work for security companies so far a project purpose them transporting me for first couple of years. So I'm on
the work. Yeah I'm on the work of each other and it's going to what I was going to go back. I got my parent companies their only I just
departed the current location for working here. And you you totally moved here. You were born in the US.
Born
in Long Island. That's good.
In Long Island. So in Long Island I was in one can come a working in Melville where
you were.
No.
We left and moved with. That's nice that we no longer. I learned very much you're connected that night. That's why I like it. This this kind of chat like the we don't know and we we connect some person and one of the personal I can see but also in the new Newark area and then I got the second person of you on the same area smells nice.
So what
do
you do? You are doing a study arguing were killed
good. That's
very good job. No, that's the pretty like consumer and then innovation and all that. That's good. Yeah.
No
look at this. But yeah. But
Very good. Okay.
No you can not to they can uh very well Bahana.
Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm.
No that's good in India actually this is what every every parents think like that. Do we study, get a good job, save something, you were married. But here when I came I did not see that that culture here it's totally different here. I don't want to do it but that's that's good like both prospective India perspective there there posing for the good thing we got anywhere over that time you'll have a family good saving and all you can live there. But here it's a different culture is you don't need to save that much money, you'll get it something and all
correct
correct. They don't they don't save me whatever the end over the week they just spent everything on a party and yeah it is not it mindset of the indian family or the indian tradition Here
this is 40% or 50% model what I have to do is spend and enjoy. Mhm.
Yeah. No that's good actually. That's it's good. I know one of my friends like that, he also like India is Gujarati but he born here only. So he's also whenever I talked to him, he works with me only. So he said like this like and then like his his parents used to stay six months here and then go back to six months
in here
like that they stay like that. So whenever they're going there, he enjoyed his life and then when they come back he started doing indian life
man if
Oh not a pizza johnny Gabbana
more change and your punjab side is very nice and see
it's
very good. We can go. Yeah. But
because yeah just plant some time maybe after code and I'll get that thing settle down. Which was very, very even in India
whenever I talk to my family there there are a lot of fred and scared because of the covid thing. Lots of cases every day. More than 50,000. I mean India like they cannot stay more at home. They have to go out for the work analyzed. It's very tough. Their rights a middle class family so they're going they're doing yeah as in the case here are the same situation but the good thing working from home and it's not a different in in India can everybody can work from home the area?
Yeah that's that's good. So what I do here I I will catch a project manager an I. T. Company. Yeah so I'm I'm managing the project just came here for handling a project in the new york area. So I was there for two years that project got finished and company said okay don't go to India and there's something different new project for you in florida. So I moved
here not
almost 2.5 years probably this is going to end an end of the
year or maybe beginning of the next year. Let's see what if I got something else I'll continue the risk of er
no
no
it's insurance companies with insurance company on the client side. So I work on the client location and minus their announcement and support of the project of the insurance. So nowadays it's more work because The U. N. 2021 About.com so I will not have a lot of different small small and big projects are going on that we all have to develop them, test and everything finished by by october and so that they all can enroll the customers. Canada
yeah the difference like it's good they are cool here they just say okay finish your work by 55 30. Go home. If you have anything you can move work to. Even in the future days in India there is a lot of pressure if you cannot finish by 55 30 38 9 10 11. And I have to finish the and finish because they are all work depend
upon
the client like the appreciation and all. So they wanted to get everything done and then they and send it back to us customers or clients that's different. But here we work directly with the client so we don't have any pleasure from the indian managers and all that much. So working directly with the
client to
g working with indian manager and then he worked with the client. It's a different story so whatever he or she is telling me have to finish that and reverted right.
But it's a pretty good culture here. Sometimes though it's a dependable say insurance companies. So we have to work sometime hard. Although it's it's good and weekend this weekend here nobody bother you to work. Maybe I even people used to were considered a very often even I used to work when I was there. So
they call it you have to go enough. His hand work can't
do much
work from home here. Even in the regular office if there is something you have to take care of. The kids are going to school and a doctor appointment take from home and you are that they do less work and the family responsibility in India's it's tough. So everything you have to manage over the weekend and I'm there. You can't pick that myself and all the culture is good here I like
but let's say problem with me. I don't my employer did not fall did not apply for the green card yet. We are still thinking whether I will be needing you for a longer period or not. So as soon as my work parliament will finish I'll go back. So there's
the
one.
Yeah. Yeah I did.
Yeah that that's the problem. So I came if you know the 11 video I came on the company company dependent digital company transfer visa. So in this video I cannot work. I have my colleague who came on that when we got the skilled worker Visas so they can easily change the job. And few of them already did change the employer. They found the employer of the U. S. Company. And then the file it's green card though it's awaiting that's fine. At least they can extend direction Visa. For me it's a company dependent only my company parent company can file a green card as nobody can find even I can't switch.
So
now I'm struggling here so now my friend is
projecting you can you can apply for the actual for the national lottery or maybe you forget something. It's a lovely again
that's the challenge because he's going to he's going to put so many restrictions nowadays. Put a restriction on 11 and each one so nobody knew coming from India that's the challenge. So yes that and I think it really is going to win. What do you feel
now that party is very low?
Look man is. Yeah.
I would let the hunger can I don't either but yeah uh
and Maggie thought then I'll go to Tory matchmaker
and uh
they say that the leg he know nothing and he's even for Floria, he's doing the all the things and again if you've been I don't know.
definitely not. And what when I discussed with even some of the americans of white people, they
even don't
like him, but I don't know how how came even the
Jackson and Mhm.
Maybe
the
word for
Yeah.
Because
they don't want to reveal what we were thinking at that last moment. They can change. Yeah.
And men in the florida and it's a Tampa ST so like everybody, most of them are he didn't his favor but still I know in office and all they are not in favor. I don't I don't know if you're going to have been and know what will happen to us. It's still like if you see there were
trying to get a bill passed, uh, as three artists or something for green card back club. So everybody's signing petition, their educators going on and all. They want all the senator to approve that bill. So what that bill will do
now, like the
for the
green card
we have a country based percentage, like 7%. So Indians at Asian will get only 7%. Indian will get a green card in a year. That's why the, for the skill worker for a 21 worker, there is a queue of 10 years. So if you apply for Ginga today, you'll get a green card after 10 to 15
years so well. And if you at the same time, if you are a Pakistani tradition or the Bangla, there's hell getting a six month or in a year Because from that company from that country, very less people apply. So when they calculate 7% it's common for everyone. 10%, that's a 10 billion In India. They are applying to luck people and they give 10,000 so one Lakh 90,000. It's a backlog backlog or Pakistan, Not even 10,000 applying
everybody is getting you know, so
what
what they are saying in that bill, what senator proposing,
remove this cap, removed the country cap say it's a common, Let's say if you want to say 50,000 in near 50,000 for every country does not matter and then thought by the apply date and give why you are putting a country, what is
what
is
correct? Yeah that's like that. So let's see. But many of the senator religion oppose of that because they are trump's favorite senator. They are republican pure. They don't want to escape to be approved because if that approved so many indians will get a green card very soon. Like in any year they don't want to do it. Or even chinese will get very easily. Even some waiting out there for chinese because indian chinese whether the two countries where all the skill of workers are coming from right. But yeah but men most of the I. T. Company are in favor even the Microsoft google, they put up notes on that petition. They are in favor of that because they are employer also struggling for every two years three years. They have to file extension, file extension for all of human right? Because they're not getting green card Even 1015 years. They're not good thing. So it's an overload or extra headache for the company filing extension every time. So
they are in favor
of that.
But USC is is not in
fail because they are running money with that. Every
time we are filing
extension they are running
money. People will not file extension. Everybody with a green card. They're not earn their money and they are also in last right now
soon
man.
I don't know how you were serious can go in los and Trump is not giving any money to them and they're about to fire 13,000 employee. I can't imagine what's happening right now in this country with this visual immigration and for many things
catholic.
Yeah. So all I think all because of the election this year, that's all over the Street Journal and we'll see the complication or the result may be next year's. You're right. I don't like so it's not A D. So every one year and a half year we also start thinking, okay five extension per se. Haga again make documents. That's it. You can't have it like the cool relaxing life here. And every time. I mean every time when I'm fighting attention I'm thinking the same like tension in mind. Reading relegated extension or not. How I'll settle my home. What will happen to my son's education? Will you go back to India? What will do so many questions? You know, there is not certainty but then life is not certain. It's always a panic sometimes.
Good things. That's why sometimes
my my wife say let's go back to India, particularly at least we don't have to take those much tension in
yeah this is five year old just started kindergarten is very old. Yeah that's so the good part that that school in this county they gave the online option. I was very very valid about the covid situation. I really, I did not want him to send in school just a kindergarten, five years. You don't know even how to wear the mask. Sometimes he removed the mask whenever we go out, you don't do nice handlers. He just plays something a little bit water. I cannot just sure he will be saving the school.
And I went
to uh and you know that trump was putting a lot of pressure for all the countries on the schools to reopen. You heard about those music? He was
saying
that
correct. He said, I'll pull the funding, see how bad it was. It should be a parent and a school decision whether they want to open a school or not, whether they are feeling they're safe or not. What the hell? Like you are saying you will not give the fund and you have to come back to
school.
I cannot send my, my son to school is very Smalley cannot take all the precautions and then finally my county was good. So they decided and they gave two options online and in person I just choose the online. I said
I don't
want to take our risk. Yeah.
that's
see
because of their here and he is not caring about that. He don't care, you just care about the funding school opened and parents will go to job, economic will open. He live in the election, it was thinking like that and even the florida government is false trump supporter even he just say whatever trump said I'm saying okay school opened, he said school open.
Which is open. All we did that open and because of this road is now represent Every day 10,000 cases are coming
10,000 too much. And even in my county,
Jackson will develop contents more than 25,000 cases in just one content
too much. Yeah. So I don't know, people are not to worry, they're roaming around going beaches. Maybe if I would be alone, I can do it. But with my family, I I don't think I would have done this because I need to take care of them as well. And
it's
a pariah country. You know, it's, it's not my country. It's what we call product this. So if something happened to me, who is going to take care of me, if I would be in India something happened and I had a family there, right,
they can come,
they can support me here coin. If I got something wrong, something problem, unless nobody is going to help me then trump and government is also not caring that case when you are apart from your family or nobody is caring what you have to be care
much. That's what I think I don't
know.
hmm.
It's a bad man.
America. Uh huh.
No, you have to do that. I don't have any other option to work. I have to win and then I have to take care of them
education and now like I don't have support. Yeah. But that's why God is with us. So
hopefully everything will go away and will be soon fine.
Yeah. But as prolific when you started prolific you're doing since long. I just started in the covid because I know I started working at home. So one of my my my colleague actually so he said if you are at home if you get time maybe you can try it. So I started in a prevalent something
because an officer cannot do so when you when
you did
you start so
far I'm
thinking it's okay
home,
not
month
in just almost three months. May june and july and this is dark gas. I
and I'm not
I are in almost total £200 something. two or 2
15.
turned.
that does good actually.
No not not I did not heard about that is good.
That's nice. That's
pretty
Very
good.
Oh so we we used to get those good studies there. It comes frequently like in
pro africa I don't get it frequently once in it to one or two in a day, something like that.
But
there we go.
I'll try
definitely
respondent dot I okay I'll try this similar to that.
Let me make a nodal fell forget let me
make it
not not bad because that's a pretty good
information you're sharing with me because
now
so a huge interview you said this now I remember respondent
That are you and what is the 3rd
I mind? Okay.
Okay. Judge joan. Okay. Oh that's nice. I never heard about this three actually because I just, I'm doing prolific and then after that I signed up for a One uh survey website but that survey website is taking a lot of time giving very small amounts. I I stopped feeling that I said I don't have like 30 minutes of survey just for 50 cents or something. I can't do it a bit of his work. Right? That's right. And then I can find out with the usual interview if you're saying these are the good and
bigger.
These are the on line one.
Everything
like like that we are doing Oh yeah
that's good
Good.
No
so kind kind of they want to test
their products, something like that. They're sending a product and test it and give the results like how it is.
No.
that's nice. And then a smaller one or two minutes study used to come. Just fill it out and let's wait if if I fit there.
Look
who
to pick. Okay, so it's kind of feel like the prolific about me profile events. I sign up. I just feel the profile so far it where they want you to fulfill minor questionnaire and then they'll pick someone and they'll call so they'll call after that. Right, okay. That's nice. I can do it. If it's not going
to take not more than a few minutes I can I can feel it and they'll spread
all
three
good.
But that's still good. If you're not taking more than two minutes That's fine. Just fill it and you don't need to sit every day as you are doing. Just sit one day or maybe in the night. I can take 15 minutes of time after
finishing
dinner. And now and
just
I spent 1520 minutes feel something okay. That that's pretty cool information gentlemen you gave me because I whatever. People told me. I just tried prolific. They told me. And then I said well survey thing survey
is not good. I
stopped. So now they got the different things that the surveillance like our talking. Because
this study I like very much After talking one. They are giving a $14 is very good.
Yeah. I think now this will jump my money after that recorded this. Uh This is my fourth one. I did three already. How many
you did?
I do want more. You'll get yet. We're still sending. So the day I was about to head one, but my partner did not come. So I was thinking too that someone will come on now. Yesterday was sunday
I can. Then you can. That's
good. Mhm.
No,
no, definitely.
Very
thankful to not. You are nice to have
all
those
in for my son. And best of luck. Stay safe and maybe we'll see again sometime
smaller one. Thank
you.