SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, no.
SPEAKER_L: leo, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yes we can the world.
SPEAKER_L: Hold on 1 2nd. I can't hear you very well. Oh. Mhm. Okay. There you go. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: pretty good. Are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good, I'm Stephen.
SPEAKER_L: I'm kelly. Good to meet
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: good to meet you too. Have you ever done this before?
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. No, I have an interview.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did one yesterday uh worked out pretty well, had a conversation with the guy from michigan and I
SPEAKER_L: Come
SPEAKER_R: don't know,
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of interesting, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I noticed they don't really give you a lot of direction. I'm like what to talk about. So it's just kind of open to whatever.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, he uh just happened to be in the same industry as me, so we kind of hit it off and just started talking, so it went
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: by pretty quick, but I guess it just depends on like yeah, randomly here you get paired up with how well it goes or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I've only actually been on prolific for like, I don't know, two or three weeks, like I haven't really been doing that long. So um
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: do you like it?
SPEAKER_L: not sure if they, you know, I like it a lot. Like have you ever used amazon mturk before?
SPEAKER_R: No, I have enough, I've heard about it but I've never used it words.
SPEAKER_L: I use that for years just like to earn like amazon gift cards, like buy things on amazon I don't actually
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: need. But then I heard about the thick and I like it a little bit better because it just seems like there's less problems and it just, it's a little smoother and I don't know, it just seems like it's a lot better. The surveys are pretty interesting too,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've done
SPEAKER_L: but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that, I started like uh probably it's probably mayor june um and I've been like working, working from home a lot, so I have like a lot of spare like computer time, just like working for things to do. So um I just started his that so like I have done like I don't know, maybe
SPEAKER_L: Also
SPEAKER_R: A couple of days or something like that you know? So you know probably done like
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: 200,
SPEAKER_L: have,
SPEAKER_R: and something surveys like over the summer. So it's been quite interesting. I like I like some of them, some of them are kind of annoying but um you know some of them are okay. I kind of like the ones that are more just like asking your opinions about stuff, but the ones that are like um someone like play games with you and um I
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: never got the ones that are like add these numbers together and like things like that. We're just like trying to like, I don't know, I guess it's trying to see how you're active. Uh The survey, it's like a behavioral thing. I don't know someone were kind of like aggravating. But yeah
SPEAKER_L: I've gotten
SPEAKER_R: so that.
SPEAKER_L: a couple of those or I've gotten a few the bubbles such like click on the answer. I'm just like, oh my gosh, I can't answer this many questions via bubbles to click on.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I have one of those little obnoxious and it was probably probably took me like 45 minutes to do it And I think it said it was only supposed to take like 25 minutes. It's like but most things are pretty good, like nothing I can do in the time, you know, wanted whatever, but like that one is just insane. I don't know what they were thinking. But but this guy from michigan like he was telling me like that was like his main like a source of income or whatever. Like he was like on like uh Like 15 or 20 of these things like just like doing everything, you know? But I was surprised but I was just like Okay, but he said he did like 12 hours a day on his computer with this kind of insane. But so I'm probably not on my computer quite that much but maybe almost. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: same here. I kind of do it more for fun just to like, like right now I'm trying to save up for a laptop, like I don't really need one, but like, like I'm just gonna save up the money and the amazon gift cards enough to like get it done. But I know there are people who also do the whole amazon thing like full time and somehow make a living out of it would Yes. Well or even on the mturk thing which
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: is similar, it's like serving little tasks, but some of them pay like two cents each, so you have to be doing like, you know, Thousands of those two. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not that good but that's interesting. Um I think I think you know if you if you had like the right mix of stuff you can do okay but I'm just getting in it for extra like bear money or whatever, I don't know. Um That's my my my thing. But yeah that's kind of need to have a goal. I don't really have a goal like that but having
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: gold to buy a laptop with it is probably pretty pretty good thing to have.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's motivating me. I just wish like I can't really do it while I'm at work with my work laptop because I'd probably get in trouble, you know, doing
SPEAKER_R: probably.
SPEAKER_L: for lift. I kind of wish that I could, but so I just do it whenever forward and have some free ties.
SPEAKER_R: you have to go
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: into work. Are you able to work your mood?
SPEAKER_L: no, so I'm working from home right now. Originally my work was just telling us like we probably all go back in july and then um I live in Arizona where it's like a coronavirus cess
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: pool, like the cases are out here, there's thousands of cases every day. So um they made a decision to house work from home for the rest of the year and I'm okay that I actually really love it like to the office, so I really like it a lot. I hope I kind of hope they make it a completely permanent thing because like I don't need to be in an office at all to do my job, like no one at my work really does, so it seems kind of pointless to even have an office at this point, but we'll see what happens,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they told us that uh it would
SPEAKER_L: woman.
SPEAKER_R: the next year sometime they didn't give a date. So
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: um but uh you know, I don't know, I think I think were adapted pretty wealthy of most people take two pretty well. Like I kind of missed some of it being in the office, but at the same time like it saves me probably at least
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: two
SPEAKER_L: took,
SPEAKER_R: hours a day commuting time. So like 10 hours a week back in my week. So the big big incentive to keep doing it honestly.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it saves me probably about an hour total driving every day and there's been weeks now or I'm like, man, I haven't used my car, I'm like two weeks like.
SPEAKER_R: we're gonna use a or just
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of nice not paying for guys
SPEAKER_R: good like
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: getting better.
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: It felt like you
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: missed something
SPEAKER_L: works,
SPEAKER_R: not like
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: in and talking to people face to face seeing them in the office, but same crime like if I think I've had my choice, I'd probably like Maybe like two days and the whole system like three days at home or something like that. Right.
SPEAKER_L: I would probably pick the same, you miss my coworkers and like right when this whole thing started I did a job switch at my job where I was I had to learn an entirely new job and someone had to learn my job and so it's pretty hard to learn and train like when you're not in person it's so much easier when someone like sitting at your desk watching you and it's just not the same doing it remotely so that I thought was kind of hard trying to like train and learn something new with not being there in person. And if I were to take a nut like a new role, I probably want to be there in person to learn it at least
SPEAKER_R: And then
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: once
SPEAKER_L: after the virus goes away.
SPEAKER_R: what industry you're in?
SPEAKER_L: So I work in telecom. Um so like uh like wireless industries
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: and 5G. And all that. Which
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: yeah. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: worked for 18 T so probably similar, but I'm more on like the media side.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Oh wait it cut out a little bit. Did you say you work for at and T. Uh Oh that's so funny. So I don't work for for A. T. And T. But that is the carrier that I do most of the work with is with.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, I'm more on the media side, so um
SPEAKER_L: Okay
SPEAKER_R: more on like the digital properties and kind of ex streaming services and
SPEAKER_L: Kolchak.
SPEAKER_R: that kind of stuff, so um yeah, sort of wireless, but I'm not part of the wireless part of the company, but yeah, like, cool.
SPEAKER_L: I work more on the like when A T. And T. Is putting a new antenna up um upgrading one that they already have somewhere I'm involved with that. And we're also worked a lot with sprint and Verizon a little bit with T. Mobile but 18 T. Is the one that I'm working with most right now. That's so funny that you work for them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's I mean it's a big company so I mean it's probably a lot of this around, but I started when I started off, I was working for Turner Broadcasting and then I got acquired, so now it's part of 18 t. um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: but but yeah, it's uh It's like, I don't know, I think I have like 300,000 employees or something, it's pretty big, I certainly uh like a lot of people that probably do contract work with us and stuff too, I'm sure it's like really big amount of different relationships all over the globe and everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've um Thought about like looking at the job postings there because I've used so many 18, like a lot of the project management side of making sure that and then I was get installed on the air. I thought like um just if I ever want to leave the company I work at that I would probably look at A T. And T because I'm so familiar with at least they're like his equipment and all that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: That makes sense of your project manager
SPEAKER_L: I'm not a project manager but I work on a project management team that that's basically all together as we're getting the antennas deployed for for carriers.
SPEAKER_R: Okay let's go. No no work with a lot of project managers, they keep us like moving and stuff so that's cool. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: In India
SPEAKER_L: There was a position at my work for like an 18 project manager and I thought about taking it, again, back to that whole like training, it was kind of thinking like I don't know if I want to make a big career change right now and try to learn things like um just trying to learn all And I guess I could probably do it but I know it's a really tough job, 18 years, a tough barrier because they're just I have a lot of systems and I'm sure you know, they probably have lots of systems you have to use to,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I do, there's tons of stuff. So you are you an analyst or like what role is it on?
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: Like this for me?
SPEAKER_L: a project coordinator. So it basically like the project manager is tracking all the money and the timelines and as a project coordinator, I'm tracking all all of everything else that um could prevent the tower from going on air basically. So like the building permits, the zoning, construction drawings, there's a lot of like structural analysis that has to happen so all of those things um I kind of in charge of where the project manager is, making sure it's all all time and staying within the like for against the budget, I should say. Mhm. Um So it's definitely interesting and I kind
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: of ended up in the industry an accident, but I really love it, so
SPEAKER_R: okay, that's cool. Um Yeah you know sort of back to this too, so like I can understand that, like I never thought I was going to be doing any of this stuff that I worked on. Um So yeah like kind of like fell into it randomly so I couldn't really understand. Um Yeah, I don't know, I think I think it's just probably like the world today like people just change shops a lot and like you just kind of find your own path and get some opportunity and you take it and you're on this completely different path and you thought you would be whatever. So yeah, it's pretty,
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: interesting like to stop people again change and go into different careers and stuff. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I had no idea that at and t had like a whole other side of like digital media and all of that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's like um like we own um HBO and all the Turner properties and CNN and adult swim. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, I did not know that.
SPEAKER_R: bunch of stuff. I mean like it's pretty pretty big so like HBO max is like the big big thing now that are trying to push but they have direct tv as well and they have you know, other other offerings but there's like a whole bunch of digital brands. We even have like wizarding world of harry potter um That's that's like a brand in and of itself. So there's like I think it's something like Like 900 apps that the
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: company
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: has that are like consumer facing. Um Like I work on software that is basically like helps helps enhanced functionality of all those apps that were kind of cloud architecture team that builds cool stuff and then
SPEAKER_L: All right,
SPEAKER_R: gets brands to basically adopted and kind of use it and stuff like that sort of sort of interesting
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: but going to work on a lot of different different cool digital projects so it's it's pretty been pretty good. So when I was how is that? Ah ADP Prior which is like a payroll processing hR company that was like boring, it's like sports so it's like a step up from that so that's like uh you know good but
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I worked for amazon before this company, so that was yeah, I really liked working for them, but the team that I was on was like a new special team that didn't have, like there was no plan of like where you could grow elsewhere in amazon when I was on that team, so I ended up um leaving but I would definitely go back to work for them because that was a really on company to work for. I worked a lot, like I wasn't a software engineer, but I worked with them and it was just like a huge group of really, really interesting people. I loved it. I would kind of always still keep an eye out for their like listings because I would go back and work for them in an instant.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's awesome. I think it's like probably one of the top companies right now and especially with coronavirus just going to get bigger obviously so that's great. Did have big presence in Arizona or exist elsewhere. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: they do, so aside from the warehouses they have like um like a million warehouses here, but they also have sort of like a corporate um call center where so like from amazon you're actually kind of buying from companies that are selling through amazon. And I sort of worked for like that backside of amazon of the selling through amazon part. So there's a big presence for that sort of sector Arizona or amazon here in Arizona and there's like a big call center for companies that are selling through through amazon that when they're having problems
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: with various things. Um And then there's a big death
SPEAKER_R: you don't
SPEAKER_L: center
SPEAKER_R: want that?
SPEAKER_L: that hosts a bunch of the software teams there that own different things I think um The echo, the Alexa echo, I think that it's like the, I have never even used it, it's like that device, the voice activated device, I think it's called eco that team. Um They were here, there was a couple other different teams
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: um and it happened to be in the same office with them and they like have a good life, like they have beer in the fridge and happy they
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: had like an art room and a quiet room and a game room and
SPEAKER_R: Wrong
SPEAKER_L: just like like living large
SPEAKER_R: now that sounds
SPEAKER_L: when you.
SPEAKER_R: awesome. Yeah it feels like google or something. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Not I went to a couple of different buildings with within amazon not all of them have that really cool stuff like the building thinking about like free stacks and free drinks and everything but other buildings you have to like pay for them yourself. So it kind of depends on like where you end up which building you're in. But
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I really
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: liked
SPEAKER_R: gotta
SPEAKER_L: working
SPEAKER_R: get,
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: them.
SPEAKER_R: had a good experience and you would you would recommend it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah definitely. It's very like unique um culture and like just from my experience like everyone has a lot of fun but everyone works really hard to amazon doesn't care like what you look like, what you dress like, what you do in your spare time, like they just, all they care about is just like show up and do your work and just like they know that if you're happy outside of work you're going to be a good employee. So they kind of encouraged you to like connect with people who have similar hobbies and you know that was just a good, you're more than just like a number there, it felt like even though it's amazon and it's huge. Um it was a good experience.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that sounds cool. I didn't I didn't know they had that there. I know like when I worked at Home Depot they had a call center there in Arizona, I want to say it was like, I forget that. I was gonna say Scottsdale, but it may not just council, but at a
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: call center in there then I don't know what's with Arizona and call centers, but it's like just like a lot of them there
SPEAKER_L: There's a lot of them here. I don't know why
SPEAKER_R: some of some weird reasons to step like dry, dry heat out there that tracks. Call centers. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: something, there's so many of them. It's crazy. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Do you do if you lived in Arizona your whole life, do you like it out there over the
SPEAKER_L: I haven't lived here my whole life but most of my life and I do really like it. Um There are things that are like not great about it though like um it's the summers can get pretty unbearable. But the good part about that is you can just drive for two hours and be like in the mountains and in the forest. So it's not like impossible to escape. Um I was kind of just like really jaded about Arizona for a while. Because there was this big, weird thing about masks here. Like nobody wanted to wear
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: them
SPEAKER_R: don't really.
SPEAKER_L: when the like it turned into this giant like people were fighting and it turned really political.
SPEAKER_R: Mm
SPEAKER_L: And I was just like, oh my gosh, these are the people in my community just like super judgy. And route wearing masks or not wearing mask. Like it was kind of crazy. That's kind of calmed down because now you have to wear masks or else places don't let you um for a while there just like God. But at the same
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: time like.
SPEAKER_R: like a texas thing where it's like, I'm like too much to wear a mask and like no
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: one's gonna
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: tell
SPEAKER_L: quick.
SPEAKER_R: me nothing or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was like back here just like Oh my gosh. So of course, because that was kind of the mentality like it got really bad And there's you know, like it blew up the cases blew up here. So um But at the same time it's like, well it's a pandemic. Most of us have never lived through one of those before. And a lot of people are just don't know how to deal and don't know how to act. I think what's going on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure you have been like turn to wear a mask for like I don't know whatever since since the start, whenever they said hey I'll have to work from home, it's like okay this is serious, I better you know where to go to the store, but we've been doing like grocery pickup and stuff um at walmart and we're doing more amazon but like amazon got at least here in Georgia got like really hard to get stuff on amazon because everyone else is trying to order and so like you can't even get delivery times hardly, you'd have to like stay up till midnight and like keep hitting refresh, get your delivery time, it's just ridiculous but it's gotten a little better but we just kind of gotten used to like drive up to walmart, open the back of the STV, they throw stuff in and just travel also. Time I. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That is nice. It's kind of weird though since this whole pandemic started. I noticed like when I'm watching or something or watching a show and there's like people not wearing masks and they're all close to each other. And like hugging or whatever. Like it makes me almost uncomfortable. Like, oh my God, those people are like, even though it was filmed like years ago, you know, there's and then it's just like this weird response, like, oh my God, those people are like doing something wrong.
SPEAKER_R: fill it feels kind of weird now they mentioned it but I mean we just we just got like um like pizza hut and they have like the curbside just drive up to the thing and bring out and then drive you know, drive back
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: home. It's like
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: every
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: every like thing has like a a safe way of doing it. So like it's it's pretty good like sometimes you go to stores, I usually get a home depot or something like that to buy stuff in the house or whatever, but most of the stuff other than that like do it online or just pick
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: it up or whatever. Sometimes they go to like Costco or something to get stuff but I don't know just get going wrong on what it is but you know like at the beginning we're like really not even going out, but like now we're just kind of like, well you're gonna have to like live your life and just like live in a bubble forever, whatever, right?
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of in a dilemma because I was supposed to have a trip to Yellowstone this summer, like do I, do I go, do I cancel it? It's not really like necessary travel, but I would have to fly, so I'm like
SPEAKER_R: That's the thing, and next week we're going we're going to the beach tomorrow, so we're gonna do our first trip with all this stuff going on, see how it goes. But Yellowstone, Yellowstone is amazing if you and then I really enjoyed going there. So, have you ever been?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I have not and I'm really excited to go because I love the outdoors, but uh such a such a tough call.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean that's like such a personal decision, but like it is an amazing trip, like the bison's and like
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: all the
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: the geysers and like the I just all the different colors in the water and just like how uh beautiful everything is, like, I mean it's just an amazing place to get see, so um you're flying in Jackson hole or
SPEAKER_L: Um Well I might have to change because I've been meeting up with a friend who is also coming in from another state, so at this point I'm kind of like, well airlines are being really like lenient on letting you change your airfare, so right now I'd be flying into Colorado driving from there. Um but there are like way more direct flights from here to Yellowstone also, so I just got to figure out what I'm gonna do, but it's good to know that it's worth it if I do go. Um It's good to hear that it's a pretty amazing place.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know, I really enjoyed it. And I think, I mean if you like, you like nature and those kind of things, they like nature level. You're like, I like walking outside, you'll like it a lot. Mm
SPEAKER_L: Maybe I should just I need to sleep on it but I have to decide soon because because of the pandemic, the book, the campgrounds there and stuff are not like booked right now, some of them are but it's still pretty open so I have a little bit of time to decide, but I need to kind of figure it out soon.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean like it's like it's a hard, it's a hard decision to make. Yeah, I wish, I wish, I wish I could give you some advice. But we, we picked a beach that was Dustin florida. So it's like 5 1/2 hours from Atlanta. So we're just going to drive in the car. So like that's kind of why we picked that because they're like, oh don't
SPEAKER_L: This is the
SPEAKER_R: fly anywhere
SPEAKER_L: first,
SPEAKER_R: right now. So the drive and if it's like um you know, I don't know, like too
SPEAKER_L: drink.
SPEAKER_R: crowded or whatever, we can always like just like hang out at the um like the hotel or whatever
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and just kind of like chill
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: there or whatever. So yeah I'm wondering a beach isn't going to be like crazy crowded and people be like Observing six ft distancing and whatnot so we'll see what happens. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, that sounds fun. I hope you have a wonderful trip. That sounds really relaxing. The beach.
SPEAKER_R: yeah we go. I think it's gonna be a good weather, it was like a hurricane coming through but like I think it went the other way so I think we're good. So
SPEAKER_L: Quick. Oh, good.
SPEAKER_R: But I think we're probably about like a time and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: want to keep you too much but yeah whatever, you close it out, you just asked you answer the questions and then like I got my payment like
SPEAKER_L: My conscience.
SPEAKER_R: the next day. So anyway. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty cool. So it's
SPEAKER_L: Snow.
SPEAKER_R: a good good talking to you and uh you know like with the L. A. Stone trip
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Thank you and have fun at the beach.