leo, can you hear me?
Hold on 1 2nd. I can't hear you very well. Oh. Mhm. Okay. There you go. Yeah,
pretty good. Are you?
I'm kelly. Good to meet
you,
mm hmm. No, I have an interview.
Come
on.
Yeah. Yeah, I noticed they don't really give you a lot of direction. I'm like what to talk about. So it's just kind of open to whatever.
So
Yeah. Yeah. I've only actually been on prolific for like, I don't know, two or three weeks, like I haven't really been doing that long. So um
I'm
not sure if they, you know, I like it a lot. Like have you ever used amazon mturk before?
I use that for years just like to earn like amazon gift cards, like buy things on amazon I don't actually
need. But then I heard about the thick and I like it a little bit better because it just seems like there's less problems and it just, it's a little smoother and I don't know, it just seems like it's a lot better. The surveys are pretty interesting too,
but yeah.
Also
you
have,
yeah,
I've gotten
a couple of those or I've gotten a few the bubbles such like click on the answer. I'm just like, oh my gosh, I can't answer this many questions via bubbles to click on.
same here. I kind of do it more for fun just to like, like right now I'm trying to save up for a laptop, like I don't really need one, but like, like I'm just gonna save up the money and the amazon gift cards enough to like get it done. But I know there are people who also do the whole amazon thing like full time and somehow make a living out of it would Yes. Well or even on the mturk thing which
is similar, it's like serving little tasks, but some of them pay like two cents each, so you have to be doing like, you know, Thousands of those two. Yeah.
Not
yeah, it's motivating me. I just wish like I can't really do it while I'm at work with my work laptop because I'd probably get in trouble, you know, doing
for lift. I kind of wish that I could, but so I just do it whenever forward and have some free ties.
That's
no, so I'm working from home right now. Originally my work was just telling us like we probably all go back in july and then um I live in Arizona where it's like a coronavirus cess
pool, like the cases are out here, there's thousands of cases every day. So um they made a decision to house work from home for the rest of the year and I'm okay that I actually really love it like to the office, so I really like it a lot. I hope I kind of hope they make it a completely permanent thing because like I don't need to be in an office at all to do my job, like no one at my work really does, so it seems kind of pointless to even have an office at this point, but we'll see what happens,
woman.
because
It
took,
yeah, it saves me probably about an hour total driving every day and there's been weeks now or I'm like, man, I haven't used my car, I'm like two weeks like.
it's kind of nice not paying for guys
all
that
she
works,
this
is.
I would probably pick the same, you miss my coworkers and like right when this whole thing started I did a job switch at my job where I was I had to learn an entirely new job and someone had to learn my job and so it's pretty hard to learn and train like when you're not in person it's so much easier when someone like sitting at your desk watching you and it's just not the same doing it remotely so that I thought was kind of hard trying to like train and learn something new with not being there in person. And if I were to take a nut like a new role, I probably want to be there in person to learn it at least
like
after the virus goes away.
So I work in telecom. Um so like uh like wireless industries
and 5G. And all that. Which
yeah. What about you?
Yes. Oh wait it cut out a little bit. Did you say you work for at and T. Uh Oh that's so funny. So I don't work for for A. T. And T. But that is the carrier that I do most of the work with is with.
Okay
Kolchak.
I work more on the like when A T. And T. Is putting a new antenna up um upgrading one that they already have somewhere I'm involved with that. And we're also worked a lot with sprint and Verizon a little bit with T. Mobile but 18 T. Is the one that I'm working with most right now. That's so funny that you work for them.
Mhm.
I've um Thought about like looking at the job postings there because I've used so many 18, like a lot of the project management side of making sure that and then I was get installed on the air. I thought like um just if I ever want to leave the company I work at that I would probably look at A T. And T because I'm so familiar with at least they're like his equipment and all that stuff.
I'm not a project manager but I work on a project management team that that's basically all together as we're getting the antennas deployed for for carriers.
Uh huh.
There was a position at my work for like an 18 project manager and I thought about taking it, again, back to that whole like training, it was kind of thinking like I don't know if I want to make a big career change right now and try to learn things like um just trying to learn all And I guess I could probably do it but I know it's a really tough job, 18 years, a tough barrier because they're just I have a lot of systems and I'm sure you know, they probably have lots of systems you have to use to,
it's
a project coordinator. So it basically like the project manager is tracking all the money and the timelines and as a project coordinator, I'm tracking all all of everything else that um could prevent the tower from going on air basically. So like the building permits, the zoning, construction drawings, there's a lot of like structural analysis that has to happen so all of those things um I kind of in charge of where the project manager is, making sure it's all all time and staying within the like for against the budget, I should say. Mhm. Um So it's definitely interesting and I kind
of ended up in the industry an accident, but I really love it, so
but
I'll
I had no idea that at and t had like a whole other side of like digital media and all of that.
Oh wow, I did not know that.
Thank
you,
All right,
it's pretty cool.
yeah, I worked for amazon before this company, so that was yeah, I really liked working for them, but the team that I was on was like a new special team that didn't have, like there was no plan of like where you could grow elsewhere in amazon when I was on that team, so I ended up um leaving but I would definitely go back to work for them because that was a really on company to work for. I worked a lot, like I wasn't a software engineer, but I worked with them and it was just like a huge group of really, really interesting people. I loved it. I would kind of always still keep an eye out for their like listings because I would go back and work for them in an instant.
they do, so aside from the warehouses they have like um like a million warehouses here, but they also have sort of like a corporate um call center where so like from amazon you're actually kind of buying from companies that are selling through amazon. And I sort of worked for like that backside of amazon of the selling through amazon part. So there's a big presence for that sort of sector Arizona or amazon here in Arizona and there's like a big call center for companies that are selling through through amazon that when they're having problems
with various things. Um And then there's a big death
center
that hosts a bunch of the software teams there that own different things I think um The echo, the Alexa echo, I think that it's like the, I have never even used it, it's like that device, the voice activated device, I think it's called eco that team. Um They were here, there was a couple other different teams
um and it happened to be in the same office with them and they like have a good life, like they have beer in the fridge and happy they
had like an art room and a quiet room and a game room and
just like like living large
when you.
Yeah. Not I went to a couple of different buildings with within amazon not all of them have that really cool stuff like the building thinking about like free stacks and free drinks and everything but other buildings you have to like pay for them yourself. So it kind of depends on like where you end up which building you're in. But
I really
liked
working
for
them.
Yeah. Yeah definitely. It's very like unique um culture and like just from my experience like everyone has a lot of fun but everyone works really hard to amazon doesn't care like what you look like, what you dress like, what you do in your spare time, like they just, all they care about is just like show up and do your work and just like they know that if you're happy outside of work you're going to be a good employee. So they kind of encouraged you to like connect with people who have similar hobbies and you know that was just a good, you're more than just like a number there, it felt like even though it's amazon and it's huge. Um it was a good experience.
In
There's a lot of them here. I don't know why
something, there's so many of them. It's crazy. Oh
I haven't lived here my whole life but most of my life and I do really like it. Um There are things that are like not great about it though like um it's the summers can get pretty unbearable. But the good part about that is you can just drive for two hours and be like in the mountains and in the forest. So it's not like impossible to escape. Um I was kind of just like really jaded about Arizona for a while. Because there was this big, weird thing about masks here. Like nobody wanted to wear
them
when the like it turned into this giant like people were fighting and it turned really political.
And I was just like, oh my gosh, these are the people in my community just like super judgy. And route wearing masks or not wearing mask. Like it was kind of crazy. That's kind of calmed down because now you have to wear masks or else places don't let you um for a while there just like God. But at the same
time like.
It
was
quick.
Yeah. It was like back here just like Oh my gosh. So of course, because that was kind of the mentality like it got really bad And there's you know, like it blew up the cases blew up here. So um But at the same time it's like, well it's a pandemic. Most of us have never lived through one of those before. And a lot of people are just don't know how to deal and don't know how to act. I think what's going on.
Yeah. That is nice. It's kind of weird though since this whole pandemic started. I noticed like when I'm watching or something or watching a show and there's like people not wearing masks and they're all close to each other. And like hugging or whatever. Like it makes me almost uncomfortable. Like, oh my God, those people are like, even though it was filmed like years ago, you know, there's and then it's just like this weird response, like, oh my God, those people are like doing something wrong.
You
have
to.
All
I'm kind of in a dilemma because I was supposed to have a trip to Yellowstone this summer, like do I, do I go, do I cancel it? It's not really like necessary travel, but I would have to fly, so I'm like
Mhm. I have not and I'm really excited to go because I love the outdoors, but uh such a such a tough call.
So
so
Um Well I might have to change because I've been meeting up with a friend who is also coming in from another state, so at this point I'm kind of like, well airlines are being really like lenient on letting you change your airfare, so right now I'd be flying into Colorado driving from there. Um but there are like way more direct flights from here to Yellowstone also, so I just got to figure out what I'm gonna do, but it's good to know that it's worth it if I do go. Um It's good to hear that it's a pretty amazing place.
Maybe I should just I need to sleep on it but I have to decide soon because because of the pandemic, the book, the campgrounds there and stuff are not like booked right now, some of them are but it's still pretty open so I have a little bit of time to decide, but I need to kind of figure it out soon.
This is the
first,
drink.
All
All
Yeah. Well, that sounds fun. I hope you have a wonderful trip. That sounds really relaxing. The beach.
Quick. Oh, good.
Yeah, I think
so.
My conscience.
Okay.
Snow.
Okay. Thank you and have fun at the beach.