Yeah, no, no.
Yes we can the world.
Hey, how's it going?
Good, I'm Stephen.
Hey,
good to meet you too. Have you ever done this before?
Yeah, I did one yesterday uh worked out pretty well, had a conversation with the guy from michigan and I
don't know,
it's kind of interesting, so
yeah, he uh just happened to be in the same industry as me, so we kind of hit it off and just started talking, so it went
by pretty quick, but I guess it just depends on like yeah, randomly here you get paired up with how well it goes or whatever.
How
do you like it?
No, I have enough, I've heard about it but I've never used it words.
You're
Yeah, I've done
that, I started like uh probably it's probably mayor june um and I've been like working, working from home a lot, so I have like a lot of spare like computer time, just like working for things to do. So um I just started his that so like I have done like I don't know, maybe
A couple of days or something like that you know? So you know probably done like
200,
and something surveys like over the summer. So it's been quite interesting. I like I like some of them, some of them are kind of annoying but um you know some of them are okay. I kind of like the ones that are more just like asking your opinions about stuff, but the ones that are like um someone like play games with you and um I
never got the ones that are like add these numbers together and like things like that. We're just like trying to like, I don't know, I guess it's trying to see how you're active. Uh The survey, it's like a behavioral thing. I don't know someone were kind of like aggravating. But yeah
so that.
yeah I have one of those little obnoxious and it was probably probably took me like 45 minutes to do it And I think it said it was only supposed to take like 25 minutes. It's like but most things are pretty good, like nothing I can do in the time, you know, wanted whatever, but like that one is just insane. I don't know what they were thinking. But but this guy from michigan like he was telling me like that was like his main like a source of income or whatever. Like he was like on like uh Like 15 or 20 of these things like just like doing everything, you know? But I was surprised but I was just like Okay, but he said he did like 12 hours a day on his computer with this kind of insane. But so I'm probably not on my computer quite that much but maybe almost. But yeah.
All
I'm not that good but that's interesting. Um I think I think you know if you if you had like the right mix of stuff you can do okay but I'm just getting in it for extra like bear money or whatever, I don't know. Um That's my my my thing. But yeah that's kind of need to have a goal. I don't really have a goal like that but having
gold to buy a laptop with it is probably pretty pretty good thing to have.
probably.
you have to go
into work. Are you able to work your mood?
And
Yeah they told us that uh it would
the next year sometime they didn't give a date. So
um but uh you know, I don't know, I think I think were adapted pretty wealthy of most people take two pretty well. Like I kind of missed some of it being in the office, but at the same time like it saves me probably at least
two
hours a day commuting time. So like 10 hours a week back in my week. So the big big incentive to keep doing it honestly.
we're gonna use a or just
good like
getting better.
It felt like you
missed something
not like
going
in and talking to people face to face seeing them in the office, but same crime like if I think I've had my choice, I'd probably like Maybe like two days and the whole system like three days at home or something like that. Right.
And then
once
what industry you're in?
Well,
I
worked for 18 T so probably similar, but I'm more on like the media side.
Um Yeah, I'm more on the media side, so um
more on like the digital properties and kind of ex streaming services and
that kind of stuff, so um yeah, sort of wireless, but I'm not part of the wireless part of the company, but yeah, like, cool.
Yeah, I mean it's I mean it's a big company so I mean it's probably a lot of this around, but I started when I started off, I was working for Turner Broadcasting and then I got acquired, so now it's part of 18 t. um
but but yeah, it's uh It's like, I don't know, I think I have like 300,000 employees or something, it's pretty big, I certainly uh like a lot of people that probably do contract work with us and stuff too, I'm sure it's like really big amount of different relationships all over the globe and everything. Yeah.
That makes sense of your project manager
Okay let's go. No no work with a lot of project managers, they keep us like moving and stuff so that's cool. Uh huh.
In India
Yeah I do, there's tons of stuff. So you are you an analyst or like what role is it on?
Like this for me?
Well
okay, that's cool. Um Yeah you know sort of back to this too, so like I can understand that, like I never thought I was going to be doing any of this stuff that I worked on. Um So yeah like kind of like fell into it randomly so I couldn't really understand. Um Yeah, I don't know, I think I think it's just probably like the world today like people just change shops a lot and like you just kind of find your own path and get some opportunity and you take it and you're on this completely different path and you thought you would be whatever. So yeah, it's pretty,
pretty
interesting like to stop people again change and go into different careers and stuff. Mhm.
Yeah it's like um like we own um HBO and all the Turner properties and CNN and adult swim. Uh
bunch of stuff. I mean like it's pretty pretty big so like HBO max is like the big big thing now that are trying to push but they have direct tv as well and they have you know, other other offerings but there's like a whole bunch of digital brands. We even have like wizarding world of harry potter um That's that's like a brand in and of itself. So there's like I think it's something like Like 900 apps that the
company
has that are like consumer facing. Um Like I work on software that is basically like helps helps enhanced functionality of all those apps that were kind of cloud architecture team that builds cool stuff and then
gets brands to basically adopted and kind of use it and stuff like that sort of sort of interesting
but going to work on a lot of different different cool digital projects so it's it's pretty been pretty good. So when I was how is that? Ah ADP Prior which is like a payroll processing hR company that was like boring, it's like sports so it's like a step up from that so that's like uh you know good but
yeah that's awesome. I think it's like probably one of the top companies right now and especially with coronavirus just going to get bigger obviously so that's great. Did have big presence in Arizona or exist elsewhere. Yeah
No
you don't
want that?
and
no.
Wrong
now that sounds
awesome. Yeah it feels like google or something. Yeah
But
you
gotta
get,
you
had a good experience and you would you would recommend it.
Yeah that sounds cool. I didn't I didn't know they had that there. I know like when I worked at Home Depot they had a call center there in Arizona, I want to say it was like, I forget that. I was gonna say Scottsdale, but it may not just council, but at a
call center in there then I don't know what's with Arizona and call centers, but it's like just like a lot of them there
some of some weird reasons to step like dry, dry heat out there that tracks. Call centers. I don't know.
Do you do if you lived in Arizona your whole life, do you like it out there over the
I
don't really.
Mm
It's
like a texas thing where it's like, I'm like too much to wear a mask and like no
one's gonna
tell
me nothing or something.
Yeah, for sure you have been like turn to wear a mask for like I don't know whatever since since the start, whenever they said hey I'll have to work from home, it's like okay this is serious, I better you know where to go to the store, but we've been doing like grocery pickup and stuff um at walmart and we're doing more amazon but like amazon got at least here in Georgia got like really hard to get stuff on amazon because everyone else is trying to order and so like you can't even get delivery times hardly, you'd have to like stay up till midnight and like keep hitting refresh, get your delivery time, it's just ridiculous but it's gotten a little better but we just kind of gotten used to like drive up to walmart, open the back of the STV, they throw stuff in and just travel also. Time I. Right.
fill it feels kind of weird now they mentioned it but I mean we just we just got like um like pizza hut and they have like the curbside just drive up to the thing and bring out and then drive you know, drive back
home. It's like
every
every like thing has like a a safe way of doing it. So like it's it's pretty good like sometimes you go to stores, I usually get a home depot or something like that to buy stuff in the house or whatever, but most of the stuff other than that like do it online or just pick
it up or whatever. Sometimes they go to like Costco or something to get stuff but I don't know just get going wrong on what it is but you know like at the beginning we're like really not even going out, but like now we're just kind of like, well you're gonna have to like live your life and just like live in a bubble forever, whatever, right?
That's the thing, and next week we're going we're going to the beach tomorrow, so we're gonna do our first trip with all this stuff going on, see how it goes. But Yellowstone, Yellowstone is amazing if you and then I really enjoyed going there. So, have you ever been?
Yeah, I mean that's like such a personal decision, but like it is an amazing trip, like the bison's and like
all the
the geysers and like the I just all the different colors in the water and just like how uh beautiful everything is, like, I mean it's just an amazing place to get see, so um you're flying in Jackson hole or
Yeah, I know, I really enjoyed it. And I think, I mean if you like, you like nature and those kind of things, they like nature level. You're like, I like walking outside, you'll like it a lot. Mm
Yeah, I mean like it's like it's a hard, it's a hard decision to make. Yeah, I wish, I wish, I wish I could give you some advice. But we, we picked a beach that was Dustin florida. So it's like 5 1/2 hours from Atlanta. So we're just going to drive in the car. So like that's kind of why we picked that because they're like, oh don't
fly anywhere
right now. So the drive and if it's like um you know, I don't know, like too
crowded or whatever, we can always like just like hang out at the um like the hotel or whatever
and just kind of like chill
there or whatever. So yeah I'm wondering a beach isn't going to be like crazy crowded and people be like Observing six ft distancing and whatnot so we'll see what happens. But
yeah we go. I think it's gonna be a good weather, it was like a hurricane coming through but like I think it went the other way so I think we're good. So
But I think we're probably about like a time and
I don't
want to keep you too much but yeah whatever, you close it out, you just asked you answer the questions and then like I got my payment like
the next day. So anyway. Yeah
it's pretty cool. So it's
a good good talking to you and uh you know like with the L. A. Stone trip