right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh I think. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck. Okay. Question. Mhm. Yeah he was yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I don't know. See there are three or five. Mhm. It's gonna be five because I have a property it just looks really flat top. Just accidentally typed love you the George to contest. Huh? This excellent touch. Love you immediately saw several things instead so. No it's just in this lovely thanks. What jersey? That episode King of Queens next time I really watch it. Okay carried us that to her boss. I love you too. Like her direct like supervisor attorney. She's like that feeling she has legal assistant or something. Okay then he drives ahead on her. I will not have direction. Yeah it's looking like it's not gonna happen. Yeah. All right let's get cancelled. Wait till four of uh evaluated another couple of minutes just to make sure yep. Oh work. Fuck. Mhm. Okay. Mhm.
Hey?
Yes what's going on?
Group?
all good, all good. I was uh I was about to give up though, so that was a good timing right within the five minutes it happened once before where someone didn't show up so always
well
I'll say this. Um It was a woman, she just flashed on the screen for like three seconds then left, so maybe it was something I I don't know she was there and then she didn't hear that she didn't come back so.
cool, my name's dan. Um So good to meet you as well.
Uh huh. Who um besides work and stuff? Uh Video games, sometimes netflix movies, it's hard with the pandemic. Like I used to play more sports and stuff I guess but
stuff like that, you know? Uh So I would say now just more video games and netflix and you know
what
I usually
hunt. Um Usually I played a well, mainly basketball I guess when the weather is nice, so now the summer past, maybe not
as much when I play basketball and then also uh softball now um like old and want to play an easy version of baseball, so softball and then what else? I would say that's about it in boxing too. Sometimes I would, you know, enjoyed it. Yeah. Um how about you?
It's
Aaron.
Never, never.
realistic.
It's weird, man. That's weird stuff. I mean not weird but just interesting that
maybe that's
the future,
like that's, you don't even
have to apply
plane
to
work.
Yeah. Right, right, that's
how
do you,
how do you do
that
now?
Like how does that work? I guess more
like, you know,
simulators?
but Uh huh mhm
removes
that's fucking, that's crazy man,
wow, that's where like
goggles or something, you know, something put on your face. You might just get thing
is I'm
just thinking of the ps
the
playstation
when they have, it's like, it's a quasi
like a simulator. But yeah, I don't know.
huh
hmm. Mhm
Two.
what I watched recently just watch Beetlejuice
yesterday, two days ago, two days ago. I mean, yeah, it's like Halloween. Should one of my, one of the roommates is like horror horror movies. The best compromise was Beetlejuice something that's
not
yeah, there you go. Right.
On.
Very
simple. It's weird.
Mhm. Yeah, I have two siblings. I have two brothers. Uh there's three of us, I'm 31 my younger, but I'm the oldest, my brother, next youngest to oldest rather is thirties only a year apart. Then the youngest is going to be he's 20 he's gonna be 30 soon, he's gonna be yeah he's 28 now, so he's gonna turn 29 in august and then 30 so we're all pretty close together at age.
That is
And
what?
well
she is yeah,
but what was that like how about the next who's the next? Oh well I guess the next the second youngest,
like
who's girl?
Oh well all right.
Twin
sister.
True
good,
that's not right there. Yeah. Right,
good.
That's cool. It's a big family, I mean it's not too typical anymore,
no not anymore, especially with those big age gaps, like my mom's generation was that she's like one of six, she was the youngest and she had a brother that was roughly around that age gap, You know, I feel like that was the time before us. So interesting. Uh, where was this? Where what part of the US? Oh
where was this? Yeah.
I couldn't
tell you where it is. I couldn't tell you what differentiates it, I guess. No, I couldn't even tell you
charger. Are
those
the sports teams up there then like if you're rooting for a team or am I on
the time off?
Yeah. I'm trying to think like what?
I just didn't realize. I was like, what?
Mhm
Carlton.
I have. Kyler Murray has my fantasy football quarterback. So yeah, I'll be uh, hoping they do well. I'll be open.
Well.
I
always think they're overrated then they proved me wrong. The Seahawks. So I would like it to just aside from Kyler, but just for my own pride in my analysis.
Oh, so I'm from new york. I live here still born in Staten Island. I don't know how familiar you are with any of the boroughs, like in Manhattan or, you know, surrounding. And now I live in Brooklyn primarily.
Lot of far, like, you know, it didn't go too far, but definitely a different culture. I'll say that much,
definitely
some of them like Staten Island is very different from the rest of the city, at least from like Manhattan and all the other boroughs. It's very like where it's more like liberal and blue. I could just say there's a baseline Staten Island's a lot more
conservative. Like a red, it's like a red outlier compared to the rest of the boroughs. Um I would say a lot more working class. A lot of like, you know, your firefighters cops, former stuff like that all seem to like live in Staten Island. Um and you know, just based on that, it was like a different upbringing I think then I would have had if I lived somewhere else and the borrows. Um So yeah, now where I am now and it's Williamsburg Brooklyn, it's just very it's a different style, it's a different vibe which is, I like it better here personally. But mm you know?
But
Well
Staten
Island.
Large one.
Yeah, I said
I was gonna say yeah, Staten Island is definitely,
it's like the suburbs and then, you know, it's like definitely suburbs and then around two years. Super. I don't know, it's like you go down from and there's like apartments, everywhere, apartment buildings and he would go down and then it'll be like a bar
supermarket. Like it's nice in a way, like everything is like just right under you. But yeah, there's not a lot of room for say. That's I guess what I miss about Staten Island, if I were
not there, you know, we've got more space.
So yeah, just to what you were saying about, you know, phoenix city at north Korea. Yeah, so that's another consideration, but.
Right.
No.
Um I'm not really my eight in my old age, I went to catholic school my old life practically up until college. Um From first grade on I went to a catholic school, I was
born catholic. Um So I mean, I wouldn't say I'm super religious now, I would say more agnostic than anything um but I definitely you know have like that religious upbringing so that sticks with me, you know? How about you?
huh.
It
I'm yeah.
thank
good.
No, I guess
you attribute that to God?
because I got that, I'll just say maybe it's a controversial thing, I just think religion in general or the church really thought kind of makes people hesitant to like get further in religion sometimes, you know what I mean?
Right, right, right, exactly,
Yeah, that's one, it's pretty small,
What?
exactly exactly,
stuff like that donate to the church don't uh you know make sure you come and and they try to tell you there's some churches I guess, but you know, I guess more evangelicals and anything, but it seems to take over like aspects of your life at least end up like you know now I'm talking about like those Grand Stadium churches and it was
like I
forget the guy's name, but Joel Olstein, seven people
like
that.
Yeah right, you know, I mean that's the extreme and I think it's like the you know, norm, but still stuff
like that, jeez how are you like a god fearing man and why? Yeah.
Oh my god.
come on.
I don't believe in science, You don't believe in the right stuff, you're doing, works. Yeah, I got that, it's weird, they make money doing it, so I guess that's why they do it and
you don't.
My but yeah.
What?
I'm,
No.
Then.
Oh yeah, for sure if you
were born a different time, who knows?
Yeah. Right. Right, right. So I can
see that. Yeah, I think,
you know,
it's go ahead.
Um So I work as uh work for a public defender's office, like in legal aid. Um Not as a lawyer though, I'm an investigator, it's called. So I worked primarily with criminal events. So a lot of it is like going to getting like
evidence, video or trying to talk to witnesses. Um You know, then bringing it to the attorney on
the case and try and figure out like if it goes to trial, well we testify about this or that we're just sometimes getting information to see how bad the cases in terms of like hey what are we going to do or like sometimes
just to try to get the prosecutor like you know to take a plea deal depending on the circumstance. You know it's it's to me it's really important work and you know um
work working.
It's like yeah.
Right. But are you practicing in Manhattan?
Were they in new
york? Were they practicing in new york?
All right.
But I don't see it on the but still. Yeah.
Yeah. I feel like I don't know what they were saying. I feel like it defends like my people that I'm sure they were fine, sure they were
you
know.
yeah
good.
Um Yeah I can't imagine what less than pleasant will be just like, like a bad conversation, I guess. That's the only thing I can think of.
Just trying to get through
it. Yeah, it
could be like that. I mean the first person I matched what they were fine. Maybe because it was my first time as well. I felt like just, I don't know what we're supposed to be doing, but I don't know. That was definitely like the hardest conversation. The first one, just like, you know, I was like, there's no script, there's no like questions like what are you talking? Uh Now this is the third ones with the little like, you know, just
doing it a couple of times. Like All right, little easier.
Like,
My third
actual
by four.
Sorry.
thank you. For what?
Oh, thanks you as well.
Oh, cool. All right. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I will
check it out and interesting. I didn't know so advanced to that point. Even the mad and stuff too like for MLB at all at school. It's interesting stuff. Yeah.
That is right. Well you did it, you're finished now so with the Euro six. Right, So I hope it was cool. I know you enjoyed it you said so. That's cool.
I appreciate that. Thank you would be good
for a middle point I guess. That's the
one.
All right. Take care
the medium.