Hello, can you hear
me?
Sorry about,
I had to restart my computer because my camera microphone were working.
I've never had that uh happened thankfully. I had this is my sixth and final uh and I never had that happen before, so
well,
Oh it's weird. So anyway, I'm here and it's good to meet you. My name is E. J. I go by E. J. My name is Evan
good to meet you dan. What do you do when you're not doing chats?
hey.
awesome. So like you say you play, you played sports or what sports
have
you?
quote.
I love sports. I'm a sports fanatic.
I uh I obviously don't play sports because I don't know if you can tell, but I'm in a wheelchair, so playing sports is difficult for me, but I actually used uh simulators, you talk about a video game, and so I use simulators like madden football and MLB the show and stuff like that to compete in sports because I'm a really big sports fanatic, I love football, I love baseball,
and I love hockey. Um but another thing I like to do when I'm not doing simulators, um I'm a little bit of a nerd this way, but I like to use flight simulators and
fly airplanes and uh, jetliners and stuff like that, and they say they've done they've done uh some people have done this where they go and they take their flight lessons and basically the instructor says, how do you know this already? And they say it's because of the flight two million or because it's that
detailed and realistic. So
yeah, it's weird
that they've
been,
it's
weird that
they
came
so accurate, you know what I mean,
terrible. So
I did
that and
I'm
wrong.
Who?
of course,
yeah. How does that work? Well, it's
done, it's done through a computer. It's like another uh it's a game actually, but it's a simulator, so you loaded on your computer and then you either use a joystick or your keyboard or whatever to change the knobs and the switches and the dials and all that stuff too, to fly the plane, and they just barely came out with the new one. Yeah, in august um Microsoft flight Simulator 2020 and it actually uses the bing,
search engine and stuff and the google images to create a realistic view.
So like, for example, if you were to fly the phoenix Arizona right now, um you would see what they actually see, looking out the window, playing the vinnie, so it's pretty,
it's insane.
No,
the
look,
think
what
it is.
I
Yeah, so there's no goggles or anything you wear. That's probably the next step uh
that they'll do uh for realism. But if you look up videos after we're done here chatting and you look at some of the videos that they've done on Microsoft flight simulator. Uh
2020 is specifically 2020 because the older one came out in 2000
and four and that one looks like crap, but the one that came out in 2020 looks absolutely sick. So there's that and yeah, I watch movies too. Uh I watch movies. I have to admit I'm not the greatest movie watcher because I have a hard time just sitting somewhere for an hour and a half watching a movie. Well, I'm doing nothing else, so it's kind of rough for me. Uh but I do like movies if the time and the mood is right. And uh, yeah. Uh huh. Well,
so all,
I
watch, I watch produced a bill, um, a couple of weeks ago. Sure.
Let's go.
There
you go.
So do you have any siblings or anything?
that's cool. I have uh I'm 34.
I uh, I was born in 86 I have seven siblings, but they're
all older than me. And you talk about a
huge age gap. I have my oldest brother who is the oldest sibling is 48 so there's four years different
between all these and youngest self. So he was a freshman when I was born and
yeah.
the
second
time, this would be my twin sister,
I
have
great sister
and she is four minutes older than I am and we do the, we knew that this thing every year and where I call her first on her birthday and then she makes up some random excuse, hangs up the phone
and then four minutes later calls me back. Good.
it can. But then the next oldest after that is four years apart from us.
So
not anymore anyway.
where am I? Oh,
I, I am in Idaho right now. Um, I've lived in a lot of different places. But uh, I am an Idaho right now. My dad was in the military so we moved around a lot what? But uh, Idaho is where I call home now. It's kind of funny because nobody knows Idaho like nobody.
So
yeah, it's uh, it's northwest is next to Oregon and Washington.
Go
ahead.
Well,
to be honest with you, before I came, this is so funny because there's nothing in idle, nothing
except
except people and potatoes and let's about it. But um there's no sports team. So like if you are an NFL pen, you cheer for Seattle. If you are um if you are an NHL fan, you cheer for colorado. If you're a basketball fan, you cheer for the Denver Nuggets or something like that. But you, yeah, but there are no teams here which is kind of sucky. Uh uh I
am not a Seattle Seahawks then I am an Arizona Cardinals thin because before I came to Idaho, I lived in Arizona and Arizona felt like home to me. I came Idaho because of family reasons but Arizona felt like home to me. So I became Cardinals fan
in the NFL and every time they played the Seahawk, I love it. In fact they played the Seahawks tonight on monday night football.
Oh well I hope
we can hand the Seahawks the first wash a season
so.
you know right, so I'm gonna be watching that gave you tonight and hopefully these go well for us. Um But where do you call home?
okay. Cool. So you were born in spat and you live in Brooklyn now?
Yeah. Oh yeah. As
big movements in the boroughs?
what?
well. Cool. Well that sounds almost like uh phoenix and north phoenix technically they are not different towns, they are not different cities but there
is a total
difference between phoenix city and north phoenix uh North phoenix is a lot
calmer.
It's more uh residential feeling and phoenix city feels more like uh industrial and just it's a whole different feeling altogether. It's kind of hard to describe unless you've been there but
Uh huh. It's a total different feelings. So what number of what?
Go ahead
all.
But
Ok.
What?
Yeah, I think that's exactly it. Um if I were to put it in a no child that's about it. So um
are you religious
at all? Were?
What?
so something definitely fixed with you if you were raised with that your whole entire life? Um interestingly enough I was raised a mormon. Uh
I was ready to the mormon. I am no longer a mormon, I am the only one in my family
who is not mormon and I am actually Lutheran which is as you probably know another denomination of christian faith. And um
to me Christianity is very important because of the fact
that I have personal experiences
in my life, that wouldn't make any sense at all. If you had no belief in God, you know what I mean? Like um
I believe that there are things in my life that have pointed to the existence of God more than once and so in fact, probably the reason why I'm still here has to do with my belief in God because I've been through some really rough times and wanted to throw in the devil a couple of times, but I'm still here. So um, yeah, I definitely,
I do, I do, I do, I definitely believe in God, I'm um, what you would call her gun enthusiasts and uh, I I think that a lot of people in our generation have kind of like, they have no need for God. We're just kind of like sad in my view because I know that he's helped me out more than once and and people call it fate or whatever, but I definitely have a firm belief in God and I like to tell people about it because it's part of who I am and it's part of what I am. So.
I think that there are definitely a lot of truth to what you're saying. Um, because it becomes more about the organization
then about God, you know? And so I understand people who say, well I don't go to church, but I have a personal relationship with God and christ and I think I live in a small town, I live in town. I say small because it's small compared to where you are. But I live in a town of about 90,000 people.
And um the transportation, the public transportation in this room for people with disabilities who are in wheelchairs really kind of sucks because there isn't, there is no transportation on sunday. So I have no in the church. Hello? Mm. The, the uh, I used to be like, oh well you have to go to church like a lot because it's important. But more I have felt the relationship with God is most important. You know what I mean? Uh, so I kind of agree with you in the fact that
a lot of churches don't do a lot for promoting belief in God because they are, hey donate to the church, you know? And yeah.
Uh huh.
live
there
that
they
have on tv and they,
no.
hmm. Yeah.
In fact they did a survey I kid, you know, they did a survey of pastors a few years back. Pastor is not normal running the mail people. These are people who teach religion as their job. Like 70% of pastors didn't even believe in God. Oh,
and it's like, why are you? It's like being a doctor and saying you don't believe in pills. Like,
Yeah, but there are a few out there who still, you know, they're definitely God fearing people and you don't see them in the big tell of ice, uh,
cathedrals, but they're out there. And uh, so yeah, that's kind of an interesting topic to uh, talk about for me because people have told me before that I have an excuse not to believe in God because of my disability and the difficulty of my life. But I think the very fact that I'm still here is an argument for God.
um, well, I mean
look at, I didn't mean to turn this whole conversation into a 25 minute sermon, but look at it. I I can't play sports, right? I love
sports, I can't play sports. But God has given me an ability to place towards through video games. And I live in such a time that is good. A lot of people focus on the bag that happening in the world, but technology has increased so much that I have
abilities and and chances now that
I wouldn't have if I were born in the sixties. You know what I mean?
Follow.
Yeah. And I'm not prepared to say that my the time I was born was left up to chance. You know, I don't I don't think so. So
burn,
believe
it.
What do you do for work?
paul.
Well,
Well
that
is really cool. That is very cool. In fact, um you're gonna laugh. But one of the people I talked to in this study was a prosecuting attorney in New Jersey. Mhm.
Well, so I've talked to a prosecuting attorney and I've done to a public
what?
Well
they were in New Jersey. Oh.
But
our like ridiculous.
Well yeah,
that's
when the uh yeah, it's been a real pleasure talking on this study because admit people literally from around the country and everybody has been really different. I only had one experience that was less than pleasant. It um
on this chat, so it's been fun.
Well
well he didn't he didn't ask any questions, like he didn't really say anything unless you were asking questions and he wasn't involved in the conversation directly and all that stuff. It was just I found myself looking at the clock a lot during it.
Well
So
Well
you said
third for you. Yeah, good
look.
And your other
three.
Cool. I said, well good luck in your other three. And uh
oh definitely, you know, take advantage of it and enjoy it because you can meet some very interesting people I know I have and I would count you as a very interesting person and
I, I enjoyed talking to you. Um, my last name is smith. If you want to look me up on facebook, you'll see a picture of me if you want to stay in contact.
Let me know what you think of the, let me know what you think of the simulator, the flight simulator and all that jazz.
So
I think we did it, my friend. What?
You made good for a last one,
so
thank
you. Thank you. Well, hey dan, I'll talk to you later.
You