Oh, mhm, mm. Oh yeah. Okay. Mhm. All the way across. Yeah, Yeah. Hello?
yeah, How are you? Good to know.
So
brilliant, brilliant.
I know. Like I'm flipping back and forth, like, okay, weird, but thank you for setting a clock that's helpful,
No,
so it's um,
it's just a chat. Um I did it the last time they had it because I thought why not? Um but it's just coming up with their own questions. Yeah. So
yeah, so they had one session before and then it was like, if you've done this before you can do it again. And I was like, okay, sure why not?
Yeah. Um where are you from?
Okay. I'm from michigan.
Yeah, right, right around here.
Yeah, not too, not too bad. Pretty close. Where in? Ohio are you from?
I am from metro Detroit. So even closer. Yeah. Yeah,
that's
too funny. Um
yes, I don't really pay much attention to it, no offense. Um Have you guys lifted your, like, you guys have restaurants and stuff open now and okay. Yeah. Yeah, I know.
I know. I went to like admired and I was like, oh, there's like 20% of you aren't even like wearing face masks, like,
so um
I know. Crazy.
Yeah, I bet they were taking crazy precautions.
Yeah, I know. I took my son to like a doctor's appointment at a pediatrician and it was like they checked the temperature, like made sure you were wearing your face mask my sons too. And I was like, uh, going to keep it on. But
let's see. He did pretty good though. I was uh huh.
Oh
no, you're good.
know. I know. I'm hoping my son stays asleep. He's napping right now. And I'm like, Okay, give me 25 more minutes. Let's see how it go.
Well, I'm flattered that you talked to you stranger, so Right.
Uh I am very introverted and this was like not not bad for me, I mean it was bad for me because obviously like, no one wants this, but like not leaving my house was not a huge issue for me. Yeah,
my husband was just playing um the Zelda game the further
he was very much obsessed with it.
Right, I am, I you know Mario games, I'm good with those. I was watching him play Zelda and I was like, this seems like so much to have to take in like
like searching for like shrines or something and I was like okay, this seems
so it was interesting for imminent
Yeah.
Um so I am a teacher and one of my um my
co teachers um she was like telling me she was telling me about different ways to like make extra money because we talked about like I don't want to get like a second job. And so she was saying like um she mentioned a few, so we used to do something called job spotter, but then that closed and then she told me about prolific and I was like okay well sure I'll just do a survey here and they're like and when I was teaching I like never ever got them, like they were never I never had surveys and now over this like um like the shutdown and quarantining and then summer I feel like I get so many like survey options. Yeah so
she I was really excited about it because
sounded like a nice interesting way to make money and I like taking surveys uh kind of weird. Um
but like it's interesting like some of the surveys I don't like but some of them are really interesting, so.
Mhm.
Look.
Yeah. And I never had it open before like when I was working because I was teaching, but then when schools closed I was like okay I'm at home now, so you're always on. Um So yeah, I've been doing it so that is set to operate question. What is the of it
looks like something with a sword?
video game. Perfect. Even better.
fair
enough.
This has been a nice way. Yeah. My friend told me she, I told her about it because she is also a teacher and um she gave me the strategy to leave prolific up and like on your tab on the study it tells you. And I was like, what game changer like. So that was exciting. I've made more money because of that.
I'm sure. Or sometimes you're like, oh gosh, I really need to like better. Why did I just immediately have that reaction? Not
good.
I I know there's some questions where I've answered and I've been like, oh God, like do I want uh I'm going to say that my honest answer, but like do I on other people to know that?
So what is your all time favorite video game then? Is it the wizards one
breathe? Mhm.
Yeah.
No.
yeah, I feel like I don't know anything about like smaller video games like I know Mario and
the whole like all the games in the Mario like series and then I know like sonic like used to like Sega
then
I feel like I don't really know many other games like we had a we for what? Like a weave, like we play just dance. Like just sure. Like we never put, I never play video games.
That's good. I mean it's good to have something that you enjoy doing
the, I feel like currently my hobbies are like um coloring and building with blocks and just all kinds of fun things. So it's good to have a fun adult hobby. That is something you can just do to not think about other things.
Mhm
And
Nice.
That is good. I yeah, improv. That's impressive. I feel like that would be very difficult.
what?
But like good anxiety. like,
like exciting. Okay
mm that's good. I feel like that would be like my worst nightmare to have to be on an improv stage. Like legitimately I feel like I would have a panic attack if I were it was to try to. I remember because when I was younger I did like, like theater and that was fine because like their scripts and I its lines and but like any time we had to do like some warm up where we had to do like any sort of improvisation, I was like please don't please don't involve me, please don't involve. Yeah.
that's that's good. That's awesome to be brave enough to go into uh not super familiar thing.
that's
fair. Um Sorry my son is screaming in the background, my husband is trying to take care of him. Um I don't live in a house before it
very upset about something.
I'm
not
uh yeah, that would be hard. My
brother in law doesn't have any animals and lives by himself and he was going crazy because he didn't, he was off and
coming absolutely crazy. So, and
you're able to work them because that would be really hard to be by yourself. I
I'm not like a dog or something.
Not long.
That's yeah.
No, that's my cats sometimes drive me crazy. Like hardcore. Like they are so obnoxious when they want something. Like if you don't attend to them, like at that moment, it's like they will do everything in their power to make your life miserable.
But
Thanks.
But
I do love my cats. They are just, they drive me crazy sometimes. But
I have to, I have a black cat and a white cat. They're very, very sweet. One of them, like my son will just like basically climb on. Like I feel like I should, I feel like my cat should be like like clawing my child. But for something then he just like loves them and like he's starved for attention. So any attention is amazing why you start for attention by the way. Because he gets so much when we first got him like we before we had kids like I had this cat and I had to get like childproof locks on my cabinet and like a bread box because he got into everything like you would. My dad came over to watch him once, like to feed them. He was like, yeah, I brought Doritos and I put them on the table and like I
started out for two seconds. Yeah. Big mistake. They are very crazy. They've mellowed out there a bit older now, a bit more mellow. But they have their their crazy.
What?
So they're not so bad. I mean you can leave them for a lot longer and like they kind of to themselves and just like food. I mean my cats are crazy, but normal cats, I feel like you can give them like
and they will eat when they're hungry.
My cats, if I give them more than the allotted amount of food, they will eat the entire thing. We tried it once. Like when we went on vacation to leave them a giant bowl of food. But I had my dad checking in on them. He was like, no, there's no food in this bowl was like, oh my God, like we left them food for like four days, like what do you mean? And then we learned that we can't leave them without a babysitter so
I know
right, they're supposed
to be so independent and able to do, no, no
they're not, they're crazy. Yeah,
So you have any plans for the 4th of July weekend?
No.
But
then you play them
I
we just played with my friends, we played trivia last night and it's fun like even I mean I know it's more fun when you're in person but like it's still nice to be able to play league games or board games with
that's what Yeah.
thursday it's uh I
know
that's
long
weekend. Very long
but but
I teach 6th graders, I teach
six
graders math. Um It's it's fun at times, it's, you know, they don't always love math, so it's not fun. The like
teaching virtually was like the colts um for meth because like some struggle and their parents also struggle, so I was like having zoom sessions like constantly with kids, trying to get them to understand how to do something. Um But no, I enjoy it. I used to teach high school math and I like that a little bit more. Um because I like that like age and I like the content a little better, but one is close to my house, like I work like five miles from where I live.
Yeah, it's awesome until you like go to the store and you see all your students, you're like, oh God, it's like cover up your time. Like I didn't see them.
Yeah, they all like, so um they they have like three districts in the city where I teach one of the districts that I don't teach in. It gets a lot of, we get a lot of students from that district and that's the district I live by. I get all of like, I see a lot of those kids like that, the district where they were going for school of choice to our school. Um So it's been an adjustment because I I've never lived by my students before. And so I never them, like I see them at school. And so this one is a bit weird, like we have a community pool and when I go to the pool, I see them there and I'm like, oh what awful? Like can I just like put on a mask or something? I know, right? Um And like, so then we just like got the, I mean, our school district is still trying to figure out what Governor Whitmer just released like her her suggestions and requirements for like schools and so that will be very interesting in the fall.
All right. Um So I knew nothing. Our school district hasn't told us like anything except being plans for like different situations and so I think we'll hear more soon. They were waiting until she released her like suggestions and requirements for schools. So I'm expecting to hear more. Um they would have to like have some sort of like if we're doing social distancing, I normally have like 35 kids in my class, so
my class is tiny, like my classroom, so I don't really know. I feel like even if you have them come two days, but still wouldn't be able to social distance very well. It'll be interesting. I'm mm
excited and nervous to find out what they do.
and
now,
I mean I'm I want to see my kids, but I'm also someone who's a bit paranoid and like to, you know, not be near the germ factory of Children. Um
So I'm trying to I don't know, like I have to become okay with like there were probably going to be in the school setting. I just, it makes me nervous because I do have people in my life that are like immune compromised and
I have many, many things that would uh put them at risk and
I don't wanna bring something home to my family, so.
Well, I'm also so I'm glad your surgery went while I'm assuming because Yeah,
but
but you know, you got a covid test because it gets Well, that's yeah, that's kind of nice to like have a answer of like, do I have the best?
Like
no fear of anything. That's
You know,
I
feel like it would just be such a relief to like know if the people in your life had somehow contracted covid and be nice to know because then if they didn't, if you would feel less anxious and I it just seems like a Yeah.
Hi. Uh my my son woke up and has rushed over the sea.
Well,
I mean, I'm enjoying talking. However, I do have a
very son. So um thank you for for giving up food trucks for our conversation.
Yeah. And I hope you have a lovely lovely week.
Life. I probably won't ever again. Um But it was nice meeting you.
What? Dylan. I'm kristen. Nice meeting you. All right. Bye.