Hello Hola. Sorry mean figure this. There we go. Hi.
more random. Set
a stopwatch timer so I know that it's been 25 minutes.
Is that? Little clock wasn't great.
Yeah, no problem. Did they give you questions or anything? Because
I didn't
That
that's weird. Wait so you've done this before?
That's cool.
Ohio
Oh right on then
I was like oh yeah they're gonna do Eastern Time, are they going to actually pair me with somebody near me or far away? So
Toledo. Yeah.
You know sometimes they call us little Detroit
I want
Yeah it's Yeah.
I'm not going to any of them but you know
I know it's
I don't know, I don't get it. I uh I just had surgery on my ear so I had to go to the hospital. What was that like like last thursday or something like that so we could go, wow okay. Uh
And honestly that's probably the safest place I think I've been was a girl.
Oh yeah, it was great.
Read
Sorry? Yeah,
stop.
I wasn't prepared for this. Like I got the email and I was like, today. Uh
I had friends are like, oh hey, there's a food truck thing, I'm like outside, it's all planned out for distancing and I'm like, I could do that and then I saw the email and I was like, but this is intriguing. You know guys, I love you, but I'm good. Yeah.
Well that's the thing. This whole freaking that I'm like extroverted as all get out and like when all this kicked off its been like if I didn't have a job that I was essential um I feel like I would've went crazy.
Well I used to be like that like back in the day, like I've fallen back into my old uh I'm gonna sit here and play video games all day state of being very easily.
Miles. But
Oh yeah, I I've been there, done that.
Oh yeah, it's a lot.
They are
so kind of curious because I haven't ever talked to anybody else who is like done like the survey things at all. Like I've been like, okay, here's how other people got like your, it's all through prolific. Right?
How did you find it?
Well,
Yeah.
No.
no, no, I get it.
Oh yeah, yeah, I found it when I was uh I listened to a podcast that uh it's a philosopher and a psychologist, one of their plugs for how, you know, they're getting money for advertisements was prolific and I was all like sweet, okay, like I'll try that out. And I was like, oh wow,
made a couple 100 bucks in, you know? And like the span of only been out for like a year. But I don't do it very often. I like do it when I have free time at work
every once in a while, but right now it's like okay.
And
yeah, it's wizards from wizards and warriors, a very old Nintendo game.
Yeah. I work in logistics and sometimes it's uh it gets very boring. So that's what
the service,
the survey's fit well when it's like, oh there's no trucks or anything to do for maybe hours and in the winter were totally dead half the time. And I work in a union, so I have to be there and it's
Right. I've tried to have other people do it too and I don't know, maybe I'm just a more inquisitive person and like to answer like just answer random questions, but sometimes I feel like you actually like you might find out a little bit about yourself taking some of the surveys, it's
if you're being
I'm very curious, he was like, legitimately honest about some of the stuff too.
To uh
no, this is I this is just one that I played when I was very young, I had a crazy idea of what to do with my tattoos.
But my favourite one, uh
man, probably, well then I played the most is
a tiny little indie game called binding of Isaac, and it's like it's it's if you took the original Zelda dungeons and put them into a video game and just change the story completely random.
And
Oh yeah, you're up
on that.
Yeah, that's my my hobby. Yeah, I'll say it's a hobby. Yeah.
one of many hobbies.
you're telling me I I got heavily into doing improv, a
local theater here and I've been doing it for like a year and a half and then all this happened and all my friends that do it, we're all like where can we be funny? Like we have nowhere. And so we ended up getting an app called Marco Polo on our phones where now we're just having small like like just video
clip, it's like Snapchat for old people. Um It's just long conversations with all of us going on and on and on and that's helped like that's gotten my uh uh huh. Mhm. You need for people out of the way. Yeah.
Uh
It's stressful, I'm not gonna lie, I like I said I used to be a lot
less go out crazy but uh it brought up an anxiety that I haven't felt in years,
well,
terry parking and awesome all at the same time, like it stresses me to crap out, but I love it, it's just like why?
there's a girl that we do it with the whole reason she got into it because her safety net was theater and she was like I'm gonna break out, I'm gonna like try to do this and get out of my zone and she Britain dope.
Yeah, it's hard to do, I can't like I try to do it all the time, but you know sometimes it works other times.
Not so much.
No, I
oh I bet I, the reason why I said I needed, I'm very glad I actually got to work is because I'm all by myself, I have no animals and there's
nobody
living with uh
It's up
or
I
I mean
I will work 10. I worked tens so uh I'm like half an hour away from where I work. So it's like I can't leave a dog by itself for like
lot. I
love all animals. But like, I don't know, I have friends with cats and I'm like, you know what, I don't want vet bills. It's cool. I'll go to your house, I'll pay animals and love on them. And I'm cool. Like that's my fix. Thank you.
I love it. I watch a korean lady online. She's
got she's got seven cats and the whole YouTube channel is just her like and her
cats and all their wonderful personalities and I'm like, I love this, this makes my heart happy and so watch it and I know all their names and everything. It's just like, oh God, what
did I do?
I mean, yeah.
All
Yeah, I love
it. Yeah, I wish I had, that's one through this. I have more and more considered.
You know,
hey
That's what I thought. I was supposed to be the .1 of the points of cats. It's
like,
free.
no,
Mm
No, I
like I have one plan and I'm going to get online and a chunk of people like friends that I know like they used to play games and stuff back in the day kind of and that's all this, they started up a little bit, but they've been more board game people these days. So they actually all got a, there's a thing called humble bundle um where it uh it literally just like you it gives you a whole bunch of games and you pay them for like a crap ton of games and all the money goes to charity. So like there was a bundle of like, oh I don't know like 100 some games And it costs like $30.
And
Yeah, and so one of them was a board game, me type of game. And since they all have computers now, because they were all like scattered like oh console, mac pc, whatever, everybody has one thing now and so we can all actually get online and play a game together. So
that's it's
I've got so I
no, it's literally what what day is it? That's the other thing, it's like wait a
because
I worked tens as well, like I have I work monday through thursday, but like holiday I had today off too. And it's
thrill throwing
me off.
But
so what grade did you teach that?
Come
on.
Come on.
that's awesome.
I didn't think about that, cheers.
Are you are you guys doing like have Z? Like?
Oh yeah. All right.
Mhm.
Oh yeah, I can understand. I mean they let out, I don't obviously follow a whole lot what the schools are going around
town.
I do know that Toledo because I have a few friends who are teachers at Toledo is doing like the haves is kind of a thing where, you know, half of it at, at the school and half of its digital, but like, I don't know how they're going to pull it off. I'm curious, but yeah.
Okay.
Eric
infection.
Right. I get it. No, I was very, one of the things I was excited more than having surgery was being able to get a covid test because of the surgery.
Mostly I can.
It's weird.
I know. And I got to hang out physically with, I have a girl who is a friend but she's not like a girlfriend, you know? And so she got a covid test like a little bit before that. So
for like
I actually got to like physically touch a person and it was like, hey, this is cool.
So stupid, awesome. It was like, oh
my
Yeah. If you can't control anybody but yourself.
Well the time is up.
If you want to make it good.
But
course
You too.
Dylan.