Hello.
that sorry sorry I'm late. I I just got back from the long blocks. I'm very sweaty, mm.
chris
That's media.
Mhm virtually meet you.
Where
are you right now?
Brooklyn in new york. Oh
so kind of like the opposite.
Never?
Oh wow. Like wait I'm gonna just look at my earbuds um So it's easy to hear.
okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Can you tell me about your your granddad?
developed from living
too.
come
on
are
you telling already?
So
one of my Granddad's uh I mean he was already like with my my nana but he was he was in the Merchant Marine, he was a sailor. My my my dad is in England and uh he uh he was there on D Day um and she basically asked me to marry him like the weekend before because he thought he was going to die. Um Except he didn't tell her what was like what was happening at all. I think she would have like a vague idea that he was just like going off on like some kind of mission, she was like kind of, she was like, what did you tell me? Um He was uh he was like kind of a rogue in a good way um and I was like the only one that ever my my mom's dad like died before I was born. Um like
and this one, I was probably like nine or 10, you just had like a massive heart attack and and keeled over, which is probably a good way to go. Um
he
many
papers.
Mhm. Yeah, I mean it was bad because we couldn't go like see him because there was like an ocean between us at this point. Um But it seems like, yeah,
he hadn't
he had enough time to say goodbye to everybody who was there uh attended, he had been like secretly betting on like soccer games and and and never told my nana anybody because he like never lost money in the long time. Uh He was just like and I you know, these were like he was like a bus driver and stuff, they wouldn't have had like a lot of severe money. Um And he just had he he was like, you know, doing like the hospital staff, get my pants or my trousers or whatever, and they were just like, there was like £1000 of like gambling winnings, just like stuff in his pocket, it was amazing. Um He was like the opposite of, he was like like 54 maybe 55 like my mom is taller than my dad. Uh Although he was very like he was a boxer for a bit like semi professionally and he really loved dancing. Um like he thought he
went to a lot of musicals and that sort of thing.
Number two. Yeah.
everybody
likes
you.
I've like tried to do, but I don't think I have the patience for it
unfortunately. Yeah. Uh and also like I've always lived in, you know like I I grew up in Toronto, I I live here now, I've always lived in like a giant city, so nature is almost like uh it's strange and and frightening sometimes. Uh like I like last summer back you can still do that kind of thing. I went on like
a big hike with the person that I was dating at the time
in like a small town because you just take the train everywhere uh around new york. Um And I I showed up in like like running shoes for like, you know, it it wasn't like terribly but it was it was like a real hike, it's like it's like a mountain. Uh
we
were doing
yeah we're gonna do it for like four or five hours and and of course, I was just sort of like like shook their head in pity and was like, oh don't worry, we'll take care of you, and I was like, I don't think I've ever sweated more
in my entire life, but
it was it was really fun once you like, like I remember we got like pizza and beer afterwards and you can even drink on the train here and that was like maybe the most relieved I've ever felt in my for the most relaxing ever felt in my life um
The people
in prison.
Excellent.
How
did
how did you end up there?
Make people
think.
She's
been
looking for
this.
There's
there's got there's got to be I remember there's like there's like a famous like Dinah Shore was was was jewish. Um And also various southern but there's uh yeah
I mean
um I've never been further south than like D. C. Unfortunately. I really want to, I've been to California but that doesn't count.
I really want to go to like new Orleans.
Um The coast. I spent a lot of time in Montreal which kind of seems like the equivalent of new Orleans. Um It's like the the like the loose catholic city in a protestant country. Um And I mean I've never been to New Orleans seems to have like insanely good food in Montreal also has insanely good food so there's that.
Oh yeah, and there's like there's like Athens um
shit, the only problem I think is like I don't function very well and humidity, like even even here
right now, it's,
I
mean I I could do it like the autumn or something, but
over here
It's oh God, although also everything is air conditioned, right? Um
yeah, I don't have it here right now and it's actually, I mean I have a giant fan but it's fine most of the time, but yeah, I remember reading that, that was actually a big uh factor in like the south industrializing, especially
like like florida was basically a swamp before, like there was a few like vacation places I think, but it was really not because you couldn't bear to live, there was just like horrible um Mhm, Mhm and now it might like, you know, sink underwater or Yeah, like Miami and I'm sure there's other places like the wetlands
just
are you, are you able to like go to the beach there or?
wow, okay. Yeah, because like here I guess I never technically closed the beach or the beaches, but you couldn't swim and there was like a very limited, they might even close I remember, but now you can actually swim there, people are going again and you know, obviously like staying distant um And I really want to do that. I mean it's also like, I feel like the Northeast is one of the few places work that's actually getting safer right now, which is
kind
of crazy.
Oh, but aren't they like going down now
in the Northeast?
No.
I mean
like
like I I think they definitely peaked in Jersey and new york.
Yeah, they're still like habitually wearing them.
Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy. I guess like part of it here is that people live so close already, so like you can really tell when when when, when people were not, like I I remember I would go to going walks um when it when it was really bad at first that night just to get exercise and in like a safe way and I would wear a mask and everything and uh you would see like almost nobody. Um and like people weren't writing this, like I remember the first time I I had like I was avoiding the subway because you were supposed to and I
yeah, it was like uh a couple months before, I think I took one in like May just as I had to I had I had like gone too do some volunteer thing and it was too far away or something and there were like two people on the entire like train um Of me it was wild and now it's you know there's like people that at bars now but they're all sitting outside and they're still like wearing masks and staying apart which is good. Um Yeah,
I'm really worried that it might like come back in a
big way.
It's
Yeah and that's like one of the most dangerous like just having people indoors for an extended period of time. Like it seems like outdoors is much safer in general so I can't believe they're just.
my
and these like also places that tend to have like, you know, not much. I mean the U. S. Is really bad for this in general
but like like public health um Like a lot of people who are uninsured. Right? Um.
Yeah Medicare is for older people. Yes and Medicaid. Yeah.
I think
I
can think
of.
I've heard they're making good progress on the vaccine which is which is promising because because apparently um it doesn't mutate very fast the virus.
So
it's
yeah so I mean this and this is all like you know I think be good if
like it would be amazing if it was done like even early next year like it's a long ways off. Um But yeah it's not uh it's not like rapidly changing this something else that's even worse which is which is good. Um
Yeah I uh
I feel like it's really revealed like how much uh you know how inadequate a lot of like there was like the you know the one time payments and that's
it basically.
Between
three
Yeah the uh the evictions are starting again here like I guess now basically like as of July and they think there might be like 50,000 cases coming up which I feel like they should all just be you know, waved off like just just just pay like uh like
just government to pay the rent or whatever like um
to be to be like evicting people in the middle of a pandemic with like and there's still unemployment happening, the bankruptcies haven't really started, like if you get even worse, so it's
very
It's weird cause I'm like a freelance writer, editor type and so I didn't really have a job to lose um like and normally it can be very scary like like these people pay on time, like uh
like how much do they, do they
pay reasonably well? Um So I've been, I've been and obviously I can work from home, like I already did that basically, but even then there's places that are like more or less, they just gotten rid of their feelings budget, they like frozen hiring um and yeah, it's it's scary.
I wanted
to
make it,
I've never even heard of them.
you
need
to.
I mean a friend of mine who works at a museum here, she's been furloughed like the last four months, they're like, oh well we hire you when the museum's reopen, which is obviously one of the last things to happen and just now she was like, oh no, we're actually laying you off and uh most of the people they, they have laid off just now are like also part of union organizing, I think you see them, you know, coincidentally, um and they're like really bad, they're really bad for that, like museums and galleries um
like
they might talk a big game, but
Uh huh This is that, this is a different thing,
sure, but it's nice to like just like here people playing in the background there, that was, that was like life goes on or something. um I really like up to 25 minutes now or
thank you.
this is uh
oh uh Mhm Oh, I think mine like, Yeah, mine just started going by the like it's like 30 seconds right now, which is obviously wrong, so we should just use yours. Yeah.
Oh, I was born in Canada. Like I I grew up in Toronto and I like I went to school there, I never lived anywhere else because in Canada is pretty empty. Uh there aren't that many protesters over wanna you know like Saskatchewan Manitoba, those are mostly empty. The Maritimes looks nice but it's also like not that many people. Um and like Montreal is really fun but it's hard to and you know it's cheap like
it's
like
yeah it's kind of like um like the you know the whole thing with Berlin where it's like this artificially cheap city and like a really wealthy country because of the like the Cold war basically because nobody wanted to like put their company there when it was in the middle of like this like demilitarized zone. Um Montreal is kind of like that because after the first independence referendum all the like the corporate headquarters, they were already moving to Toronto just like fled because Montreal was like the financial capital uh for decades in Toronto was like this colonial backwater and like really yeah it was really religious and conservative and like my mom says that when she was growing up to like spaghetti and meatballs, like exotic food. Uh
um um But yeah so like Montreal is now, it's basically been like economically like not shrinking but I guess stagnating for decades, so it's kind of cheap but even like Berlin is actually not that cheap now, I'm not sure because you know of a gentrification stuff but
um definitely cheaper than here or Toronto, it's just that you couldn't really like lives there and do a lot of jobs like an anglo you know um you work at a bar or something, you can work at the store but um you have to be bilingual for a lot of stuff. Mhm.
the the
rough riders
that yeah, that that's funny. Yeah, I mean can is very like Montreal and Toronto, there's a big like, like uh there's been like a west indian community since like the fifties or sixties and also now like immigrants from various african countries, like there's a lot of good Ethiopian food in Toronto,
but
if you go to like, like have different through a lot of small town Ontario and it's like pretty waspy. Um
she
it looks like it.
you
too, bye.