why? Mhm. Actually, yeah, I don't know. Okay. Yeah. What? Okay. Okay purposes. Right. Uh, how are you? Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Are you going to hug? Oh God. You understand what you're trying to gas me be like? Yeah. Oh, this number is one. Yeah. No. Yeah. Uh huh. She had a thank you. Yeah. Oh, you're Oh yeah. Don't worry. So ready to go. Uh huh. You okay? Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. I appreciate that. Oh, okay. Mm. Oh, okay.
Hello? How are you? Mm
I was when I was about to give up so I'm glad I waited another minute. Um what's your name?
Hi, Chris, I'm Emily,
she's really here.
Good to
virtually too.
I am in Alabama. I live in a little town called phoenix city. What about you? Oh,
Cool. Cool,
Very much
the opposite. Yeah. My grandfather was born in Brooklyn and lived there for most of his life.
Are you? Yeah,
he was a really big guy. He died when I was 15 because I just got my learner's permit. Um But he was funny and smart and very tall. Um That was the first thing people noticed him because he was uh you know a man of his age This is over like 6465. And um he was just a good guy.
He
married my grandmother after he stole her one time at a airport. And then in the Navy she was a a m airline stewardess for the Navy when they
used
to have those and he saw her tractor down, ran down
the terminal
after out and then they got married.
So cool stuff.
guess what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah.
I was gonna
say that's probably really get my grandfather had liver cancer and like what? Real fast real bad but it was it was ugly so if I had to choose
I
would choose to have a heart attack.
we can
use in England. Right
What?
That's awesome.
That's really cool. My grandfather's thing was fishing and that's why we used to do them. They lived in florida for pretty much the whole time. I was a kid um And he was a medical equipment sales. So they would you go from a different hospital, different hospitals
but they always lived
on the
coast or close to the coast because his thing was fishing and we that was what we always did together. So um we would drive down and see them from Alabama to where they live is probably eight or 9 hours at least once a month. Erin they would come up at least once a month so we reach each other a lot. Um But that was something we always sit together with a lot of fun
for fishing.
The.
What?
and you're
like
bring it. Yes
pick
to come.
Yeah. Right. Well that's awesome. Yeah we have a lot of obviously where I live in Alabama so you can imagine there's a lot of nature
around
so we go hiking every once in a while. Um
Yeah my backyard is basically woods. So yeah I was
actually looking
at the monies that we have out there a little while ago.
Oh my dad is from here my mom went to florida stay uh and she her her husband I guess I don't know how they're related but some issues related to have a job as a doctor
here
where we live. Um And he got her job, she's a microbiologist when she graduated her degree at the hospital. Her boss was one of my dad's good friends from high school so they ended up getting married and she stayed here so somehow you know it all worked. Um But so yeah I'm
like the only
half
jewish
girl in all of Alabama. Um You
know.
there's
some.
Now that's that's the west.
I.
Yeah it does. I've been there, I've only been there a couple of times because it's still How many hours? Probably seven or 8 hours by car. And you know there's not really trains or anything here from where we are. I've only been there a couple of times but um where I have been with my husband I went a couple of times for like a little quick vacation. I never got a chance to go to savannah Georgia. It's beautiful. And it's also very like sort of new Orleans. E a little bit, it's got a lot of ghost tours and a lot of cool stuff like that. Um It's really fun.
Yeah. Athens is a party town, like a college party town. So.
And don't
ever,
it's relatable.
No, you couldn't, it's always human. It is never not human, It's either 9,000° or 10,000°..
Those are the only difference is in the whole year.
yeah. There's nothing ever, you don't have, you don't live without air conditioning hair
here.
Yeah and it is, it is the whole thing, it's super humid. It's been humid all week,
been running all week off and on because of the humidity and now she's gotten too much. But yeah, I was at my parents house yesterday, my parents have a pool, so I take my kids over there just 13 or four times a week because it's free. Um And I was helping my dad around and I swear to God, like just pushing the llama or not using it, just pushing it out to the front yard. I broke out into a sweat and I'm like, It's 53. What's video? Like? It was so, it's ridiculous.
I mean it's still four hours away from where I am, so.
no,
it's
not. The rates are super high there and
no, we're going up again.
Oh, I thought you said in Newark New Orleans.
I'm sorry, I was like right now where
everything
down here has gone up, that's the other half of it is, it's just a great sort of crazy high, like super high. Um
Or are a lot of people wearing masks where you are like when you got to get when you go out and stuff,
I wish people live here, but they don't.
Because you're together. Right.
No.
huh.
Well, if it's like, well here where I live, it's huge. Like the numbers of just like in the past week have gotten like massively huge. Um and it's part of it is because people are just stupid here and they don't believe in climate change and they don't believe in science, and I think that God's going to protect you from everything
that they're stupid. Um But like, I'm a teacher and we got our back to school stuff because we're special to go back to school in like a month now, less than like right at a month. Um Like they're not even require the kids to wear masks when we come back to school, like it's insane.
Can distance that way. And like there's places for the stuff to go. But yeah, no, I'm gonna have seven groups of 10th graders traipsing in and out of my classroom every day. It's
something where you have, yeah, it's gonna be a mess. I'm gonna wear a mask when I go back, but unless they don't let me because somebody was saying that it not fair to kids who are hard of hearing and kids who are visual like need to see your face though, I don't know around there.
And
yeah, well there's a lot of people who are on, which I can't remember the difference, Medicaid or Medicare, the government insurance, whatever that one is. The low income.
I always get them confused. Um Yeah, a lot of people are on that and a lot of I teach in a really like low income area um and a lot of the kids are on Medicaid. Yeah. So yeah. Um they have it through, I guess it's called All Kids or something like that, but yeah. Um But we'll just have to see there's hopefully more people will start taking it seriously. Hopefully my school won't go insane trying to like make all
these
kids
come in
and I I don't know, it's just a lot.
I thought it
I haven't
heard that. That's awesome.
Men.
Yeah.
Right.
I'm
hoping that they're going to do another one because there are a lot of people I'm a teacher, so I didn't really, I didn't suffer my husband because he was able to work from home. But I know a lot of like people like my kids, students and my students parents that are, that got put out of work and I got super far behind and things like that. Not everything around here reopened. A lot of places closed and stays closed because they just couldn't afford to, you know, they can't afford brand when everything was closed. I think the best thing they could have done honestly was to say nothing is do or no payments do it, does that kind of gets you. It doesn't hurt you for this money to ace until this
day
until this milestone or whatever is passed. But they didn't do that. So it ended up killing a lot of little businesses around here.
yeah.
She
It is it
it's going to ramp back at them and it's going to be even worse because then people are going to have to close and it's going to be really bad. It is I just I'm thankful for my job and I'm thankful for my husband's job but I'm still very apprehensive about like everything
and.
it.
Oh it is the biggest employer in my area other than the school system where I work is um across the river I live on the border of Alabama and Georgia, I live across from columbus Georgia and that's where I don't know if you've ever heard of it but texas is located, it's a credit card, not a credit card company but they
like
process
the payment from different companies for credit cards and
There are a whole thing but there's like one of the biggest in the entire country, they made every single person on the staff take a 10% pay cut. Which like they did that very early on so They don't even really lost anything and they had already done the 10% pay cut. There's other places like the I live close to Auburn University which is where I graduated from. They also are all of their like staff is taking a pay cut. Um And they're not, they're do they're doing stuff. It's nuts the way that they're doing things like that when they know that
they
need
like don't give you a bonus when your company does really well or when there is excess students or whatever they want to apply. But they're they're real quick. Take away some money for sure. Uh huh.
All
of you.
We don't have a ton of like museums where I am. We have like okay we have an infantry museum because I'm next to Fort Benning Georgia. But that's like the only music and we have a very small local museum. We don't have anything like that. But yeah that's none of that's open. The libraries aren't open here. It's all sorts of stuff that we're still still close. So
it sure is.
Let me see.
Um I think we have like two or three more minutes. Let's go until my time or what is your time or say on yours on your other women
Because I think that will be accurate.
All right so let's do let's talk for like three more minutes just to make sure Because I would hate to be like Oh we got 24 minutes and then we get a dollar instead. Yeah. Um Yeah. So you said that you are from um were you born in Brooklyn? And where were you born?
Always.
I don't
know.
That's what I am now.
And
that's crazy. Um He says Saskatchewan and that makes me laugh because actually the girl who teaches next door and he was born in Saskatchewan because her dad was a video in football league. Um and we take up, we call our Canadian bit of american
and
she's black. So we were like, you're the only black Canadian I've ever met. We make fun of her for that all the time. So she's she she owns it there. She's funny.
Kind
of quote.
yeah, everybody I've ever met besides her has been, you know, like a basically a white dude. So.
Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Well, I think that we've hit our mark. So
nice to talk to you and it was really nice to meet you. Good luck and stay safe
and don't get sick.