SPEAKER_L: Hey, google turn on the kitchen lights. Okay. Turning on five lights. Hey google turn off the kitchen lights. All right. Turning off five lights.
SPEAKER_R: Hello. Hi, we're both early. You're the first person that's ever been early at the same time as me. So right
SPEAKER_L: with me.
SPEAKER_R: caught me slightly off guard actually.
SPEAKER_L: High five.
SPEAKER_R: So I I usually start these things by just doing an introduction. And would you like to go first or would you like me to go first?
SPEAKER_L: You can go first.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well my name is Sherry and I'm 56 years old. I live in California in the northern part, very far north, like near the border of Oregon. Um I'm married, my husband's a therapist and he's in the next room right now doing tele therapy because of the pandemic.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: And um I'm a housewife now but I lived in Japan for 23 years and I was a teacher and I wrote textbooks. So actually I right now too Um I have this thing where I get free products in exchange for writing reviews. And that actually keeps me busier than it sounds like because there'd be like 5-8 reviews a day, which is a lot of writing but I don't get any actual money so um well that's that's that's enough to start with so please, So Sherry's my name just in case you missed that, so
SPEAKER_L: you're fine. Uh My name is Samantha. I'm 30 I'm from the gulf side of, so it's Cape coral florida, but it's the gulf side of florida. Um We just moved into this house during the pandemic. We started buying it in january and it just dragged and dragged and so we ended up having to move in May. So it was just the two of us alone and uh he works a lot so I, so we did most of them moving. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah actually we did that too when we moved here five years ago I did almost of the moving to. So yeah. So what does your husband do?
SPEAKER_L: Uh we're not married yet but he
SPEAKER_R: your partner? Sorry,
SPEAKER_L: yeah we just live together for now. But he's an appliance sales but he's now the manager but he has to sell for commission as well. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry what kind of sales
SPEAKER_L: appliance
SPEAKER_R: appliance?
SPEAKER_L: sales.
SPEAKER_R: This is a good time for that, isn't it?
SPEAKER_L: Well it sounds like it and it sounds great but all of the companies that make like the compressors for freezers and things like that are not working, So everything is back ordered, they're not even allowed to get order updates anymore. People are calling yelling, screaming, canceling so it
SPEAKER_R: that's horrible.
SPEAKER_L: sounds fantastic. But he's actually been, he works six days a week now and he works about 10-12 hour days and he comes home just angry every single day.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: awful. I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: it was a lot better before this because they have a lot of orders but a lot of things are getting canceled so it really just it's a wash for them financially. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so the parts are not available because the asian countries in which they are being produced are shutting down because of the pandemic. Is that the problem?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he said something about brazil being a big place where things are manufactured and apparently it's terrible there, so.
SPEAKER_R: it is terrible there. I've I've heard that it's terrible here. So yeah, I think it's actually worse there. Yeah. So where were you before you moved to the gulf side of florida
SPEAKER_L: Uh we were actually in our north so not too far. Um we were we were staying with my parents because my father is disabled and so we were just kind of both helping each other out. They weren't charging us much and I was just helping him as well, so
SPEAKER_R: Do you do you work now?
SPEAKER_L: um I was let's see, I quit in May right before we moved. I was a home health nurse, but
SPEAKER_R: that's really hard work.
SPEAKER_L: not only that, but I have really bad endometriosis. I'll probably have surgery. So I decided during the pandemic, I'm not going to risk it anymore, so I quit and I work from home and and and all I do is get work so I don't make much money. I I paid the utilities and he's covering the rest until I can get a doctor
SPEAKER_R: I saw you said all you do is what kind of work?
SPEAKER_L: just like gig work. So I'll do um I'll do stuff like this. Uh some focus groups, uh some transcription for companies but yeah, I I almost never leave the house except for groceries. Sure,
SPEAKER_R: Actually my husband and I don't leave except to drive to the parking lot of a grocery store and have someone put stuff in the back of our car and that's it.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: We accept.
SPEAKER_L: don't blame you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well he has conditions make him More at risk. He's 58 and We have to be really careful with with his situation especially. So with me it's not quite the same risk. Although I'm 56 so not not as old as I mean the numbers that they give you for ages for risk are Not definitive is like OK 60 you're under 60 you're just fine. No problem. It doesn't work like that. It really depends. I mean it's very unpredictable, isn't it? So your partner actually goes into his office every day. They're they're very careful there, he's safe.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well I wish I could say that they do wear masks, but they don't make the customers, it's they're afraid to offend somebody. And they've had some people get really hateful so they don't do it anymore. Um
SPEAKER_R: That's horrible, wow. Yeah, that's that's actually why my husband's working from home too because they can't make the clients where masks even though they can make the staff and even the staff don't like to comply because this is an area where people don't believe the pandemics real. So yeah, because not all California is liberal as
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: far as conservative.
SPEAKER_L: not only not only do we have just the people down here harry. My dog is hey, people are walking down our street for exercise and he likes to think he owns the place. Um
SPEAKER_R: well dogs are like that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, he's he's really bad. Um But yeah, people around here, not only do they think they're fine and we have a lot of elderly but still think they're fine. But we have the vacationers with young kids and the kids are jeremy and then we have the snowbirds who are just as bad
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: about, oh, I'm fine. I'm all the way from new york and it's like you should know how bad it is but
SPEAKER_R: they should.
SPEAKER_L: they don't take it seriously here either. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: There's a lot of people who think nothing is real until it happens to them and then suddenly it's like, oh this is real. So Yeah. Yeah. So sorry. So you say you do gig work from home it's not very lucrative though. I've actually looked into some of those transcription and things like that. Is it something that you have to work pretty hard at to even make enough money to pay utilities?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean I do pretty much like a six hour kind of day because I'm not been feeling good either. Um
SPEAKER_R: Meringue.
SPEAKER_L: and then get up and do what I can to clean the house. Um I have a lot of animals so I take care of all
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: those.
SPEAKER_R: many how many animals do you have?
SPEAKER_L: it sounds worse than it is because some are things like fish but it's 21 total. Um So it's it's a lot
SPEAKER_R: how many dogs or cats do you have?
SPEAKER_L: just one dog.
SPEAKER_R: Oh just one dog. No cats.
SPEAKER_L: no cats,
SPEAKER_R: Oh what do you have besides fish and a dog?
SPEAKER_L: we have a lot of lizards, we've got two
SPEAKER_R: Liz
SPEAKER_L: guinea
SPEAKER_R: hurst.
SPEAKER_L: pigs, we've got let's see we've got a snake, just a little snake though. Um We've got a tortoise outside now that we finally have a yard so we we just have a lot of strange things. Um The little thing behind me there, I know he can't see him, but there's a fish tank behind me with a lizard in it that lives in water, so.
SPEAKER_R: that's um that's a I'm not I'm not afraid of reptiles or anything but I'm a little bit more afraid of reptiles. I hate snakes. I know some people love snakes but I have a huge fear of snakes which is not uncommon. But I do like turtles. I don't like lizards so. All right
SPEAKER_L: we've got a lot of lizards, they're not very big, but we've got some wizards.
SPEAKER_R: wow. So what sparked your interest in a bunch of reptiles as pets?
SPEAKER_L: I guess for me it's, I like to be able to get them out when I want to and handle them, but I don't want to feel guilty if I get busy or if I feel really sick for a couple days and they don't come up to you like, where were you around
SPEAKER_R: They're not
SPEAKER_L: the evening?
SPEAKER_R: not not loving creatures are they?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The only animals that I have to make a point to spend time with no matter what is my dog and my two guinea pigs, otherwise they can all just be, you can you can hold me, you can ignore me. Just feed me and I'm fine,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And keep me warm. That's the other thing. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they all have like little lights and timers and everything's automated, so. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: Guinea pigs are very smelly though aren't they?
SPEAKER_L: Um They can be, I actually I do a little bit of sewing so I actually made these blankets out
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: of fleas
SPEAKER_R: job.
SPEAKER_L: that have like the incontinence pads for people in them. And I just I do laundry and wash their pages twice a month and you can tell that they're here. But yeah, if you put them in like that animal bedding and stuff, it smells like a farm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I've actually never had guinea pigs. I've had lots of animals when I was a child but I have one cat now that's it. One old grumpy cat. So
SPEAKER_L: That.
SPEAKER_R: we adopted her four years ago when she was eight when we adopted her because we wanted to get a senior cat. Not a kitten. Which is good because they're quieter. But other than that I actually haven't had pets for years because when we lived in Tokyo the apartments they are small and they don't allow pets. So um but when I was a kid my mother would get ferrets, skunks.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Um I had a rat that was probably pretty close to guinea pigs, I had a rat because I studied psychology in college, and when you trained the rats, if if you don't adopt the rats they kill them, and I couldn't stand the idea that they would behead the rat if I didn't take it home, so
SPEAKER_L: Version.
SPEAKER_R: I took it home and it didn't live long and live like a year because they interbreed the rats a lot because they don't want to buy new rats every year because they're super expensive white big white rats for training. So yeah, so I don't really have so many pets and one cats more than enough to take care of for me. So you must have a, well you're quite young, you must be 30,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm 30. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: See I could so you have more energy than me probably, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it also helps because every single my my boyfriend has four different siblings, they're all brothers and every single one of those has between three and five Children.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: And I'm I'm not doing that. My
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: animals
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: having
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: Children? Uh
SPEAKER_L: My animals
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: to me take up my energy and I know I don't have to chase around. Um One of his brother who lives close by us just had twin babies and I'm just like, you'll never sleep again, enjoy your life.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. No I I didn't have Children either, so I'm right there with you on that. Yeah, I just know my husband and I have a really close relationship and there we never really felt the need to have Children. And so yeah, it was good because it allowed us to come back to America almost nine years ago now for him to have a career change and become a therapist because we were both teachers before. So yeah, so it's uh I think it's your life is easier if you don't have kids because you have a lot more flexibility. I'm sure that if you had Children now your ability to stay and work from home would be compromised because you need more money to take care of kids. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And not only that, but a lot of the things I do, I mean if if I had to stop in the middle and take care of something that was screaming, I just, they would cancel my account.
SPEAKER_R: Although you said you have endometriosis that that actually complicates having Children anyway, doesn't it?
SPEAKER_L: Um It can, I'm honestly not sure. I've never tried. I've always been terrified of the thought. So for me that part doesn't bother me at all. Um I actually have to find out in january though just for the sake of my other organs if I have to have a hysterectomy. And I guess just honestly, the surgery is what I'm scared of if I can't have kids that's that's fine take it all. But I
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: don't know
SPEAKER_R: you never had surgery before?
SPEAKER_L: um I've had two surgeries for unrelated things and they both went really really really bad. So. Oh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What happened?
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I mean if if it's unpleasant you don't have to talk about
SPEAKER_L: you're fine
SPEAKER_R: it but.
SPEAKER_L: on on my last surgery, it was so minor. It was literally they had to put me under completely because of my wisdom teeth. And one of them was growing like back into the side of my
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: head.
SPEAKER_R: happens.
SPEAKER_L: So they put me under for it. And I had had surgery as a child for tonsils and adenoids and I got really sick but they didn't know what went wrong. And when I had this one I stopped breathing on the table at like
SPEAKER_R: Jennings.
SPEAKER_L: a dental surgery type place. So it took them a while to bring me back. And uh they said I had a latex allergy on top of some like drug complications from the what they used to put you down. And I what's it gonna be like next time? So I just don't want to do it. I'd rather be in pain and know that I'm alive. I'm here. So we have to talk about it
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I think your doctor should definitely look into seeing if you're allergic to the anesthetic because
SPEAKER_L: mm. I'm
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: sounds
SPEAKER_L: do something
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: different.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they should at least test that out before they try to put you under. I had surgery three times yeah three times um gallbladder removal same as you tonsils and adenoids and then half my thyroid was removed because of a benign tumor. And
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: it's funny it's never any fun. But I didn't have as bad experiences with you. I I was I actually always just dream through the surgery. Have lots of weird weird dreams that I do remember when I wake up, but all but the first one all but the tonsils were in Tokyo. So it was
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: in a situation where I couldn't clearly communicate with the people, but the second time and this is maybe a cultural thing because the japanese, when people have parts of their body cut out, they have this thing about keeping them because when you die anything that they take away, you know, you need to bring with you or you lose it or something. So when I was waking up and after having half my thyroid cut out and the doctor standing there, because I know everything went really well. He holds up this little jar with this weird meat looking stuff and said, look, there's such a thyroid, I'm like, I really didn't need to see that. So if it is, I think he probably figures it's no big deal, but it's like, yeah, I don't need to know that was cut out of my body, so Yeah. Yeah. So, so are there any things that you do besides, you know, this kind of work and taking care of your animals? Do you have any hobbies or interests?
SPEAKER_L: Oh when I can have time to do it. I cursing. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: What kind of things do you usually croce? Do you do like little stuffed animals or afghans or?
SPEAKER_L: I do I do the little three D. Models that actually I was I was working on one right before we got into our calls.
SPEAKER_R: do you sell them?
SPEAKER_L: Um occasionally but since you have to put a ton of work into like the detail and I just give them away. My mom's birthday's next monday. So I'm just gonna mail one off to her and
SPEAKER_R: Well that's sweet. Yeah, I know that some people sell them on Etsy and they're gorgeous. They're just the most adorable things. There actually is a pretty high demand for them if they're like Doctor Who characters or what are the other ones that are super popular? I think that right now, which are ones would be pretty popular if you get the right characters, you can actually make a fair bit of money from it. But I assume it is a lot of work. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: usually you're okay on Etsy. As long as it's not Disney, Disney will actually take down your listening and take your money. But most of the other companies aren't so evil about you used our character so
SPEAKER_R: Disney
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: can go,
SPEAKER_R: strict about everything, aren't they? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: afternoon.
SPEAKER_R: I guess I kind of see it, but they've stretched the copyright laws to, you know, be beyond what they should buy, you know, I don't know, changing their characters moderately. And so they have essentially indefinite um copyrights which they shouldn't have by law supposed to be like 65 years max, but they have violated. So yeah, that's annoying. It's of course, I have no affinity for Disney. I'm not a Disney fan, so I don't really care. But yeah, I mean, you can make some money off those, but I'm sure it's a lot of work. So for me, I used to do that kind of stuff when I was younger, but now I don't have time. And mostly it's writing because I wrote a book and cooking and baking especially. But yeah, it's funny it's much harder to do things under the pandemic because there's just loads more work involved in never leaving your house because you know, you don't forget go to a restaurant and get food and everything has to be done. Like from the bottom up, at least for me it's like that, I don't know if it's like that for you. It is and then you never get a break. Yeah, so it's a lot of hard work. So how did you how did you discover prolific?
SPEAKER_L: Um So I actually I I use Reddit a lot
SPEAKER_R: Oh me too.
SPEAKER_L: And I was working um as a receptionist, but they put me in accounting, which I don't know, I've never done it, I don't have a degree and I was miserable at that job. So just trying to how do I get out of this back in 2008, I signed up for Amazon Mechanical Turk. Um
SPEAKER_R: But it's really bad isn't it
SPEAKER_L: I some people claim that they make thousands a month that I don't understand how,
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I thought they paid pennies for some work.
SPEAKER_L: um if you go on there and type in things like demographic or um screener or qualification, it takes a long time. But if you can get some like specific Qualifications for one person or one team um they can send some decent things. But yeah, to just go on blindly and say I'm going to make money today, it's, you might make $3 and you're there for four hours.
SPEAKER_R: Which is insanely horrible. Yes. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: So so I was, so you found this through like beer money?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was looking on Reddit for like, are there any alternatives that don't require? Because The Amazon one, they don't care. They'll if somebody goes on there and says we'll pay you two cents for an hour, they're okay with it and prolific is a little bit better. So I was told from somebody on there. This one at least has some standards. I've seen some low paying stuff through the pandemic, but nothing nothing like amazon.
SPEAKER_R: No no it's it's usually not but at least it's interesting. At least, you know, you you have these academic surveys, so there's something to it, whereas some of the other things, they're just like um marketing surveys and it's just the same boring stuff again and again and again. I used to do e rewards. I don't know if you've ever heard of that. They don't pay you cash, but they will pay you in gift certificates essentially. Like, you know, you can get a Starbucks card or something like that. And it was just one survey after another from finance and insurance companies about the same boring crap all the time. And it's like, I'm just so sick of this and since I'm not going anywhere, I don't need gift certificates anymore. But yeah. Yeah. I assume you're doing user testing then.
SPEAKER_L: Um I I have it, I don't use it too much. I just don't seem to have luck with it. It wants people with iphones which I don't have and then it wants people in specific areas. I live in a smaller town, it wants specific jobs and basically considered unemployed on things like that now. So it doesn't it doesn't do a lot for me when I when I try
SPEAKER_R: What's your best one then? What's your best gig thing?
SPEAKER_L: um I'm trying to think probably amazon just because I do have specific people but this one has not been too bad either so
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Yeah. For me, I average about $100 a month on prolific. I don't know what you tend to get.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe around 150 but I am at the computer constantly. So any I have the little um extension.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, so do I. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: every single time I'm at the computer, if I'm doing nothing then I'll click on it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I found a little extension to be not especially accurate. Like it'll say there's a new study and then there's nothing
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: or will say there's a new study and you have to reload the page to see it or something like that. So yeah, I haven't really found it to be super helpful, but my guess is you're probably taking more demographic boxes on prolific than me because you're younger. Um I think I'm only hitting the ones and also maybe some other health conditions or something because they do look for people with specific health conditions as well. So. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm asking you about your other things because I have been trying to also do more of this. And um I found the same issue that you have with some of them were but you get screened out of them and say you're looking constantly and and you know they're like yeah you need this or you need that or whatever. So which which one would you say? Besides amazon is the best for you, amazon and prolific? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mm Let's see because I have a whole list of things but a lot of them aren't too great. Um there's actually one called forthright, I don't know if they're still taking people um but they're they have partner surveys and they're terrible. You almost never get in. Um you can sit there and do 20 of them and nothing So they'll they'll target surveys to you maybe once every month or so and it's like this this pays $2 And it'll take you 10:15 minutes and if you get screened out they give you like a credit that you'll still get some kind of money and and so that that's all OK. But one of the surveys that they put me in last time was actually like a screener for a focus group And so that focus group actually it it took it was like a three week thing but it paid $375
SPEAKER_R: Which is really
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: that was great. Um But as far as companies I don't really know that many others. Um I do a lot of focus groups so I actually some of them I get from craigslist, some from Reddit, some from facebook but there are always different companies. Um A lot of them call you though, so now I do have to answer the fall where if I didn't know a number before I just hit ignore but I do have to answer the phone now, but I've been doing a couple of those a week and
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's
SPEAKER_L: Sometimes
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: it's like a two hour thing and they pay you $30 and sometimes it's afforded or uh four or five day thing and it's like this will pay you $300 so it definitely helps and but you have to be able to schedule so for somebody who's working and doing other things it can be difficult.
SPEAKER_R: Right, that makes sense. So I didn't know that there were that many things you could do remotely with focus groups. I actually did focus groups. We lived in the Bay Area um which just Silicon Valley for 3.5 years before we moved here to you know the more northern part of California and I did do some focus group work but you had to do it in person. One of the ones was you would work for like an hour and a half to get paid $75 to do game testing and you'd watch this game and then you'd interact with it and we're older. I mean 40 I was 48 at the time. And um and I think that they were just really happy to have older people do it because everybody was like a college student and it was this thing where you had to do physical things like jumping around and it's like okay, you can't take yourself too seriously and do those kinds of focus groups because if you're older you're going to look a bit ridiculous, but we did it and it was it was an interesting experience, but I I didn't know about the distance was only about the in person one, so I thought those would be out of reach. Is that something that only happened as a result of the pandemic or is it something
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you were doing before?
SPEAKER_L: that's what actually worries me because I started doing things like that in july and so I'm hoping that people will see. I mean I know for things like taste tests or anything where they
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: watch
SPEAKER_R: of those
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: two. Yeah. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for for that I know there's not really much they can do. I mean I guess they could mail stuff to you but it's not the same so they'll they'll probably do in person for that. But for the things where they just show a slide show, it's all done on zoom now. I mean it's it all goes smoothly. I'm hoping that they'll realize it's not worth paying people to drive there and and waste their time when you could just do it online. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that makes
SPEAKER_L: I hope
SPEAKER_R: sense.
SPEAKER_L: it I hope it lasts because it's allowing me to be home.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. So you don't want to return to being a home health care worker in the future?
SPEAKER_L: Um I had I just dealt with so much abuse from so many people and some of them just have dementia, they don't mean it, but you still have to endure it and some people are just hateful so
SPEAKER_R: they are
SPEAKER_L: I like this better.
SPEAKER_R: I bet you to, my sister was a home health aide a long long time ago so but she didn't have problems. She was a pretty sweet old lady but she actually had to live there three or four days a week as part of the job because it was an overnight kind of thing. So it was really difficult. But yeah some people are just really angry and unhappy people. So what do you like on Reddit besides of course the ways of finding money, do you involve yourself in any particular groups?
SPEAKER_L: Um I actually do a little bit of like video game and craft streaming on a website called twitch, so I do
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: know to it. Yeah mm.
SPEAKER_L: have some groups for like streaming on twitch. Um There's a couple of people I followed closely on twitch, so I'm on theirs, I do some croce, I'm in one for just about every animal will um Just things like that.
SPEAKER_R: What what games do you play?
SPEAKER_L: Uh We still play the old video game Minecraft and then Uh huh and then we do animal crossing, a lot of them Mario games. Um
SPEAKER_R: I said mostly console games then.
SPEAKER_L: um I do a little bit of content, I can't stream the console because I just don't have that kind of equipment, but I
SPEAKER_R: you can
SPEAKER_L: lot
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: of the
SPEAKER_R: get really cheap boxes
SPEAKER_L: and now
SPEAKER_R: for that though. I actually have one um That I've been using not for gaming but just for capturing yeah like 20 bucks you can get this little H. D. M. I. Box that will connect into like your Roku or something and it's really easy so if you ever want to it's not hard. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I need to get something like that because I do a lot of really strange, like I have Steam and the one I've been doing lately, I know it's an older game, it's a it's a few years old, but it's called Getting Over it with Bennett Body, it's like it's just a mouse game, you basically just move your mouse in this direction, but it's extremely hard. I've seen a lot of people throw things get mad, it's it's just funny to watch the reactions, so I like to extreme things like that, that are just frustrating. Um I used to do World of Warcraft, but I
SPEAKER_R: I used
SPEAKER_L: don't know,
SPEAKER_R: to do
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: Warcraft
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: but not World of Warcraft that ages ago. Yeah I use Steam to but usually to play Heroes of Might and Magic which is like a 30 year old game. But
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: the third version here is the Magic three is really really like the best version of it. It's like five or six versions of it. But I do use Steam also, but not for anything other than that. And My group plays Diablo three. I like geno Diablo. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah so yeah, even though I'm older I still do the things I guess that younger people might be doing in terms of gaming just probably not the games they're playing because I don't know which games are super popular but whatever they are and probably not playing them. Yeah. So so yes.
SPEAKER_L: The other the other big one that we do that I think it came out a couple of years ago too, but it's really popular now is among us.
SPEAKER_R: among
SPEAKER_L: The little
SPEAKER_R: us and I never heard of that. What kind of game is it?
SPEAKER_L: uh it's where you have, they try to get 10 people but I think you can play with five in a group and 1 to 2 of them are considered impostors and they have to sneak around and and kill everybody else while these people are doing little many game tasks and they can kind of sneak around the ship. But every time that somebody finds a dead body they have to vote and it's it's pretty fun.
SPEAKER_R: So you play with strangers? Did you play with a group of people you already know?
SPEAKER_L: Um I have to close friends that live in my state but not close enough to hang out with anymore and so I'll play with them and then we just pick up random people for the rest.
SPEAKER_R: so that's essentially the problem I have as well, nobody lives nearby. Of course people do move around a lot. Yes, so so we should wrap this up soon, but I wanted to ask you how many of these prolific chats have you done so far?
SPEAKER_L: Um that I've actually had a person, this will be my third, but I've put in for like 10 of them and normally I'll sit here for 10 minutes and then just give up because
SPEAKER_R: wow. You've you've been very unlucky because this is my this is my fifth. I'm trying to keep track because you're only allowed to do it six times. And so I have to be careful because I think that they won't tell you. They said we don't know, we're not tracking this. You have to track it. But I've only actually had two no shows. But everybody I've spoken with has been a woman.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I've spoken to one man and two women um
SPEAKER_R: I think women are more likely to do it because women are less intimidated by the social aspect of talking to a stranger. But I'm not sure. But yeah, so clearly you're not intimidated by this
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: and you're
SPEAKER_L: I I much prefer this to going into someone's home that I don't know and I'm not sure if they're going to be friendly to be that day, which that that was my old job in a nutshell, because
SPEAKER_R: Ryan
SPEAKER_L: I did
SPEAKER_R: in,
SPEAKER_L: work for a company and I think they held it against me very much that they wanted me to work overnight and I just I don't have that in me to stay awake. I I go to bed and I told them that from the beginning and they hired me on going that, but they just kept pushing like oh you know if if you're you know just and they made me work one night until they told me you're you'll be off at 10 PM. And I agreed to it, cary get down, they live their their neighbors,
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: goodness,
SPEAKER_R: understands when you tell them that just like my cat said, you can't have more treats. I'm sure she understands.
SPEAKER_L: he'll stop barking and just kind of give me a dirty look but it never stops him for long, so we'll probably
SPEAKER_R: No dogs
SPEAKER_L: start
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: territorial. They can't help it. You know, that's just what they do, Right? But but yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it was I will let you get on with your day. It was very nice talking to you, Samantha and
SPEAKER_L: you too.
SPEAKER_R: uh, good luck with
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: your future gig jobs. Bye bye.