Hey, google turn on the kitchen lights. Okay. Turning on five lights. Hey google turn off the kitchen lights. All right. Turning off five lights.
with me.
High five.
You can go first.
What?
you're fine. Uh My name is Samantha. I'm 30 I'm from the gulf side of, so it's Cape coral florida, but it's the gulf side of florida. Um We just moved into this house during the pandemic. We started buying it in january and it just dragged and dragged and so we ended up having to move in May. So it was just the two of us alone and uh he works a lot so I, so we did most of them moving. Um
Uh we're not married yet but he
yeah we just live together for now. But he's an appliance sales but he's now the manager but he has to sell for commission as well. So
appliance
sales.
Well it sounds like it and it sounds great but all of the companies that make like the compressors for freezers and things like that are not working, So everything is back ordered, they're not even allowed to get order updates anymore. People are calling yelling, screaming, canceling so it
sounds fantastic. But he's actually been, he works six days a week now and he works about 10-12 hour days and he comes home just angry every single day.
So
it was a lot better before this because they have a lot of orders but a lot of things are getting canceled so it really just it's a wash for them financially. Yeah.
Yeah, he said something about brazil being a big place where things are manufactured and apparently it's terrible there, so.
Uh we were actually in our north so not too far. Um we were we were staying with my parents because my father is disabled and so we were just kind of both helping each other out. They weren't charging us much and I was just helping him as well, so
um I was let's see, I quit in May right before we moved. I was a home health nurse, but
not only that, but I have really bad endometriosis. I'll probably have surgery. So I decided during the pandemic, I'm not going to risk it anymore, so I quit and I work from home and and and all I do is get work so I don't make much money. I I paid the utilities and he's covering the rest until I can get a doctor
just like gig work. So I'll do um I'll do stuff like this. Uh some focus groups, uh some transcription for companies but yeah, I I almost never leave the house except for groceries. Sure,
I
don't blame you.
Uh Well I wish I could say that they do wear masks, but they don't make the customers, it's they're afraid to offend somebody. And they've had some people get really hateful so they don't do it anymore. Um
Well
not only not only do we have just the people down here harry. My dog is hey, people are walking down our street for exercise and he likes to think he owns the place. Um
Oh yeah, he's he's really bad. Um But yeah, people around here, not only do they think they're fine and we have a lot of elderly but still think they're fine. But we have the vacationers with young kids and the kids are jeremy and then we have the snowbirds who are just as bad
about, oh, I'm fine. I'm all the way from new york and it's like you should know how bad it is but
they don't take it seriously here either. Mhm.
Yeah I mean I do pretty much like a six hour kind of day because I'm not been feeling good either. Um
and then get up and do what I can to clean the house. Um I have a lot of animals so I take care of all
those.
it sounds worse than it is because some are things like fish but it's 21 total. Um So it's it's a lot
just one dog.
no cats,
we have a lot of lizards, we've got two
guinea
pigs, we've got let's see we've got a snake, just a little snake though. Um We've got a tortoise outside now that we finally have a yard so we we just have a lot of strange things. Um The little thing behind me there, I know he can't see him, but there's a fish tank behind me with a lizard in it that lives in water, so.
we've got a lot of lizards, they're not very big, but we've got some wizards.
I guess for me it's, I like to be able to get them out when I want to and handle them, but I don't want to feel guilty if I get busy or if I feel really sick for a couple days and they don't come up to you like, where were you around
the evening?
Yeah. The only animals that I have to make a point to spend time with no matter what is my dog and my two guinea pigs, otherwise they can all just be, you can you can hold me, you can ignore me. Just feed me and I'm fine,
they all have like little lights and timers and everything's automated, so. Uh
huh.
Um They can be, I actually I do a little bit of sewing so I actually made these blankets out
of fleas
that have like the incontinence pads for people in them. And I just I do laundry and wash their pages twice a month and you can tell that they're here. But yeah, if you put them in like that animal bedding and stuff, it smells like a farm. Mhm.
That.
No.
Version.
Yeah. I'm 30. Mhm.
Yeah. Well it also helps because every single my my boyfriend has four different siblings, they're all brothers and every single one of those has between three and five Children.
And I'm I'm not doing that. My
animals
to
me.
My animals
to me take up my energy and I know I don't have to chase around. Um One of his brother who lives close by us just had twin babies and I'm just like, you'll never sleep again, enjoy your life.
Yeah. And not only that, but a lot of the things I do, I mean if if I had to stop in the middle and take care of something that was screaming, I just, they would cancel my account.
Um It can, I'm honestly not sure. I've never tried. I've always been terrified of the thought. So for me that part doesn't bother me at all. Um I actually have to find out in january though just for the sake of my other organs if I have to have a hysterectomy. And I guess just honestly, the surgery is what I'm scared of if I can't have kids that's that's fine take it all. But I
don't know
um I've had two surgeries for unrelated things and they both went really really really bad. So. Oh yeah,
I'm
you're fine
on on my last surgery, it was so minor. It was literally they had to put me under completely because of my wisdom teeth. And one of them was growing like back into the side of my
head.
So they put me under for it. And I had had surgery as a child for tonsils and adenoids and I got really sick but they didn't know what went wrong. And when I had this one I stopped breathing on the table at like
a dental surgery type place. So it took them a while to bring me back. And uh they said I had a latex allergy on top of some like drug complications from the what they used to put you down. And I what's it gonna be like next time? So I just don't want to do it. I'd rather be in pain and know that I'm alive. I'm here. So we have to talk about it
mm. I'm
gonna
have
to
do something
different.
Well
And
Oh when I can have time to do it. I cursing. Yes.
I do I do the little three D. Models that actually I was I was working on one right before we got into our calls.
Um occasionally but since you have to put a ton of work into like the detail and I just give them away. My mom's birthday's next monday. So I'm just gonna mail one off to her and
usually you're okay on Etsy. As long as it's not Disney, Disney will actually take down your listening and take your money. But most of the other companies aren't so evil about you used our character so
they
can go,
afternoon.
Um So I actually I I use Reddit a lot
And I was working um as a receptionist, but they put me in accounting, which I don't know, I've never done it, I don't have a degree and I was miserable at that job. So just trying to how do I get out of this back in 2008, I signed up for Amazon Mechanical Turk. Um
I some people claim that they make thousands a month that I don't understand how,
but
um if you go on there and type in things like demographic or um screener or qualification, it takes a long time. But if you can get some like specific Qualifications for one person or one team um they can send some decent things. But yeah, to just go on blindly and say I'm going to make money today, it's, you might make $3 and you're there for four hours.
What?
Yeah, I was looking on Reddit for like, are there any alternatives that don't require? Because The Amazon one, they don't care. They'll if somebody goes on there and says we'll pay you two cents for an hour, they're okay with it and prolific is a little bit better. So I was told from somebody on there. This one at least has some standards. I've seen some low paying stuff through the pandemic, but nothing nothing like amazon.
Um I I have it, I don't use it too much. I just don't seem to have luck with it. It wants people with iphones which I don't have and then it wants people in specific areas. I live in a smaller town, it wants specific jobs and basically considered unemployed on things like that now. So it doesn't it doesn't do a lot for me when I when I try
um I'm trying to think probably amazon just because I do have specific people but this one has not been too bad either so
Maybe around 150 but I am at the computer constantly. So any I have the little um extension.
every single time I'm at the computer, if I'm doing nothing then I'll click on it.
Well.
mm Let's see because I have a whole list of things but a lot of them aren't too great. Um there's actually one called forthright, I don't know if they're still taking people um but they're they have partner surveys and they're terrible. You almost never get in. Um you can sit there and do 20 of them and nothing So they'll they'll target surveys to you maybe once every month or so and it's like this this pays $2 And it'll take you 10:15 minutes and if you get screened out they give you like a credit that you'll still get some kind of money and and so that that's all OK. But one of the surveys that they put me in last time was actually like a screener for a focus group And so that focus group actually it it took it was like a three week thing but it paid $375
so
that was great. Um But as far as companies I don't really know that many others. Um I do a lot of focus groups so I actually some of them I get from craigslist, some from Reddit, some from facebook but there are always different companies. Um A lot of them call you though, so now I do have to answer the fall where if I didn't know a number before I just hit ignore but I do have to answer the phone now, but I've been doing a couple of those a week and
Sometimes
it's like a two hour thing and they pay you $30 and sometimes it's afforded or uh four or five day thing and it's like this will pay you $300 so it definitely helps and but you have to be able to schedule so for somebody who's working and doing other things it can be difficult.
And
that's what actually worries me because I started doing things like that in july and so I'm hoping that people will see. I mean I know for things like taste tests or anything where they
want
to
watch
you.
for for that I know there's not really much they can do. I mean I guess they could mail stuff to you but it's not the same so they'll they'll probably do in person for that. But for the things where they just show a slide show, it's all done on zoom now. I mean it's it all goes smoothly. I'm hoping that they'll realize it's not worth paying people to drive there and and waste their time when you could just do it online. So
I hope
it I hope it lasts because it's allowing me to be home.
Um I had I just dealt with so much abuse from so many people and some of them just have dementia, they don't mean it, but you still have to endure it and some people are just hateful so
I like this better.
Um I actually do a little bit of like video game and craft streaming on a website called twitch, so I do
some
have some groups for like streaming on twitch. Um There's a couple of people I followed closely on twitch, so I'm on theirs, I do some croce, I'm in one for just about every animal will um Just things like that.
Uh We still play the old video game Minecraft and then Uh huh and then we do animal crossing, a lot of them Mario games. Um
um I do a little bit of content, I can't stream the console because I just don't have that kind of equipment, but I
lot
of the
and now
Yeah, I need to get something like that because I do a lot of really strange, like I have Steam and the one I've been doing lately, I know it's an older game, it's a it's a few years old, but it's called Getting Over it with Bennett Body, it's like it's just a mouse game, you basically just move your mouse in this direction, but it's extremely hard. I've seen a lot of people throw things get mad, it's it's just funny to watch the reactions, so I like to extreme things like that, that are just frustrating. Um I used to do World of Warcraft, but I
don't know,
it's
just
No.
Yeah.
The other the other big one that we do that I think it came out a couple of years ago too, but it's really popular now is among us.
The little
uh it's where you have, they try to get 10 people but I think you can play with five in a group and 1 to 2 of them are considered impostors and they have to sneak around and and kill everybody else while these people are doing little many game tasks and they can kind of sneak around the ship. But every time that somebody finds a dead body they have to vote and it's it's pretty fun.
Um I have to close friends that live in my state but not close enough to hang out with anymore and so I'll play with them and then we just pick up random people for the rest.
Um that I've actually had a person, this will be my third, but I've put in for like 10 of them and normally I'll sit here for 10 minutes and then just give up because
Okay. I've spoken to one man and two women um
No,
I I much prefer this to going into someone's home that I don't know and I'm not sure if they're going to be friendly to be that day, which that that was my old job in a nutshell, because
I did
work for a company and I think they held it against me very much that they wanted me to work overnight and I just I don't have that in me to stay awake. I I go to bed and I told them that from the beginning and they hired me on going that, but they just kept pushing like oh you know if if you're you know just and they made me work one night until they told me you're you'll be off at 10 PM. And I agreed to it, cary get down, they live their their neighbors,
my
goodness,
he'll stop barking and just kind of give me a dirty look but it never stops him for long, so we'll probably
start
that.
No.
you too.
Thank you.