Hello. Hi, we're both early. You're the first person that's ever been early at the same time as me. So right
caught me slightly off guard actually.
So I I usually start these things by just doing an introduction. And would you like to go first or would you like me to go first?
Okay. Well my name is Sherry and I'm 56 years old. I live in California in the northern part, very far north, like near the border of Oregon. Um I'm married, my husband's a therapist and he's in the next room right now doing tele therapy because of the pandemic.
And um I'm a housewife now but I lived in Japan for 23 years and I was a teacher and I wrote textbooks. So actually I right now too Um I have this thing where I get free products in exchange for writing reviews. And that actually keeps me busier than it sounds like because there'd be like 5-8 reviews a day, which is a lot of writing but I don't get any actual money so um well that's that's that's enough to start with so please, So Sherry's my name just in case you missed that, so
Yeah actually we did that too when we moved here five years ago I did almost of the moving to. So yeah. So what does your husband do?
your partner? Sorry,
I'm sorry what kind of sales
appliance?
This is a good time for that, isn't it?
that's horrible.
Oh that's
awful. I'm sorry.
so the parts are not available because the asian countries in which they are being produced are shutting down because of the pandemic. Is that the problem?
it is terrible there. I've I've heard that it's terrible here. So yeah, I think it's actually worse there. Yeah. So where were you before you moved to the gulf side of florida
Do you do you work now?
that's really hard work.
I saw you said all you do is what kind of work?
Actually my husband and I don't leave except to drive to the parking lot of a grocery store and have someone put stuff in the back of our car and that's it.
We accept.
Yeah. Well he has conditions make him More at risk. He's 58 and We have to be really careful with with his situation especially. So with me it's not quite the same risk. Although I'm 56 so not not as old as I mean the numbers that they give you for ages for risk are Not definitive is like OK 60 you're under 60 you're just fine. No problem. It doesn't work like that. It really depends. I mean it's very unpredictable, isn't it? So your partner actually goes into his office every day. They're they're very careful there, he's safe.
That's horrible, wow. Yeah, that's that's actually why my husband's working from home too because they can't make the clients where masks even though they can make the staff and even the staff don't like to comply because this is an area where people don't believe the pandemics real. So yeah, because not all California is liberal as
far as conservative.
well dogs are like that.
And
they should.
There's a lot of people who think nothing is real until it happens to them and then suddenly it's like, oh this is real. So Yeah. Yeah. So sorry. So you say you do gig work from home it's not very lucrative though. I've actually looked into some of those transcription and things like that. Is it something that you have to work pretty hard at to even make enough money to pay utilities?
Meringue.
How
many how many animals do you have?
how many dogs or cats do you have?
Oh just one dog. No cats.
Oh what do you have besides fish and a dog?
Liz
hurst.
that's um that's a I'm not I'm not afraid of reptiles or anything but I'm a little bit more afraid of reptiles. I hate snakes. I know some people love snakes but I have a huge fear of snakes which is not uncommon. But I do like turtles. I don't like lizards so. All right
wow. So what sparked your interest in a bunch of reptiles as pets?
They're not
not not loving creatures are they?
Yeah. And keep me warm. That's the other thing. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Right.
Guinea pigs are very smelly though aren't they?
Good
job.
I've actually never had guinea pigs. I've had lots of animals when I was a child but I have one cat now that's it. One old grumpy cat. So
we adopted her four years ago when she was eight when we adopted her because we wanted to get a senior cat. Not a kitten. Which is good because they're quieter. But other than that I actually haven't had pets for years because when we lived in Tokyo the apartments they are small and they don't allow pets. So um but when I was a kid my mother would get ferrets, skunks.
Um I had a rat that was probably pretty close to guinea pigs, I had a rat because I studied psychology in college, and when you trained the rats, if if you don't adopt the rats they kill them, and I couldn't stand the idea that they would behead the rat if I didn't take it home, so
I took it home and it didn't live long and live like a year because they interbreed the rats a lot because they don't want to buy new rats every year because they're super expensive white big white rats for training. So yeah, so I don't really have so many pets and one cats more than enough to take care of for me. So you must have a, well you're quite young, you must be 30,
See I could so you have more energy than me probably, so.
and
you're
not
having
Children? Uh
you know,
Oh yeah. No I I didn't have Children either, so I'm right there with you on that. Yeah, I just know my husband and I have a really close relationship and there we never really felt the need to have Children. And so yeah, it was good because it allowed us to come back to America almost nine years ago now for him to have a career change and become a therapist because we were both teachers before. So yeah, so it's uh I think it's your life is easier if you don't have kids because you have a lot more flexibility. I'm sure that if you had Children now your ability to stay and work from home would be compromised because you need more money to take care of kids. Right.
Although you said you have endometriosis that that actually complicates having Children anyway, doesn't it?
Have
you never had surgery before?
What happened?
I mean if if it's unpleasant you don't have to talk about
it but.
that
happens.
Jennings.
Yeah. Well I think your doctor should definitely look into seeing if you're allergic to the anesthetic because
that's
what
it
sounds
like.
Yeah they should at least test that out before they try to put you under. I had surgery three times yeah three times um gallbladder removal same as you tonsils and adenoids and then half my thyroid was removed because of a benign tumor. And
it's funny it's never any fun. But I didn't have as bad experiences with you. I I was I actually always just dream through the surgery. Have lots of weird weird dreams that I do remember when I wake up, but all but the first one all but the tonsils were in Tokyo. So it was
in a situation where I couldn't clearly communicate with the people, but the second time and this is maybe a cultural thing because the japanese, when people have parts of their body cut out, they have this thing about keeping them because when you die anything that they take away, you know, you need to bring with you or you lose it or something. So when I was waking up and after having half my thyroid cut out and the doctor standing there, because I know everything went really well. He holds up this little jar with this weird meat looking stuff and said, look, there's such a thyroid, I'm like, I really didn't need to see that. So if it is, I think he probably figures it's no big deal, but it's like, yeah, I don't need to know that was cut out of my body, so Yeah. Yeah. So, so are there any things that you do besides, you know, this kind of work and taking care of your animals? Do you have any hobbies or interests?
What kind of things do you usually croce? Do you do like little stuffed animals or afghans or?
do you sell them?
Well that's sweet. Yeah, I know that some people sell them on Etsy and they're gorgeous. They're just the most adorable things. There actually is a pretty high demand for them if they're like Doctor Who characters or what are the other ones that are super popular? I think that right now, which are ones would be pretty popular if you get the right characters, you can actually make a fair bit of money from it. But I assume it is a lot of work. Yeah. Yeah.
Disney
is
strict about everything, aren't they? Yeah,
I guess I kind of see it, but they've stretched the copyright laws to, you know, be beyond what they should buy, you know, I don't know, changing their characters moderately. And so they have essentially indefinite um copyrights which they shouldn't have by law supposed to be like 65 years max, but they have violated. So yeah, that's annoying. It's of course, I have no affinity for Disney. I'm not a Disney fan, so I don't really care. But yeah, I mean, you can make some money off those, but I'm sure it's a lot of work. So for me, I used to do that kind of stuff when I was younger, but now I don't have time. And mostly it's writing because I wrote a book and cooking and baking especially. But yeah, it's funny it's much harder to do things under the pandemic because there's just loads more work involved in never leaving your house because you know, you don't forget go to a restaurant and get food and everything has to be done. Like from the bottom up, at least for me it's like that, I don't know if it's like that for you. It is and then you never get a break. Yeah, so it's a lot of hard work. So how did you how did you discover prolific?
Oh me too.
But it's really bad isn't it
because
I thought they paid pennies for some work.
Which is insanely horrible. Yes. Yes.
So so I was, so you found this through like beer money?
No no it's it's usually not but at least it's interesting. At least, you know, you you have these academic surveys, so there's something to it, whereas some of the other things, they're just like um marketing surveys and it's just the same boring stuff again and again and again. I used to do e rewards. I don't know if you've ever heard of that. They don't pay you cash, but they will pay you in gift certificates essentially. Like, you know, you can get a Starbucks card or something like that. And it was just one survey after another from finance and insurance companies about the same boring crap all the time. And it's like, I'm just so sick of this and since I'm not going anywhere, I don't need gift certificates anymore. But yeah. Yeah. I assume you're doing user testing then.
What's your best one then? What's your best gig thing?
Mm. Yeah. For me, I average about $100 a month on prolific. I don't know what you tend to get.
Yes, so do I. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I found a little extension to be not especially accurate. Like it'll say there's a new study and then there's nothing
or will say there's a new study and you have to reload the page to see it or something like that. So yeah, I haven't really found it to be super helpful, but my guess is you're probably taking more demographic boxes on prolific than me because you're younger. Um I think I'm only hitting the ones and also maybe some other health conditions or something because they do look for people with specific health conditions as well. So. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm asking you about your other things because I have been trying to also do more of this. And um I found the same issue that you have with some of them were but you get screened out of them and say you're looking constantly and and you know they're like yeah you need this or you need that or whatever. So which which one would you say? Besides amazon is the best for you, amazon and prolific? Yeah.
Which is really
good.
wow, that's
good.
Right, that makes sense. So I didn't know that there were that many things you could do remotely with focus groups. I actually did focus groups. We lived in the Bay Area um which just Silicon Valley for 3.5 years before we moved here to you know the more northern part of California and I did do some focus group work but you had to do it in person. One of the ones was you would work for like an hour and a half to get paid $75 to do game testing and you'd watch this game and then you'd interact with it and we're older. I mean 40 I was 48 at the time. And um and I think that they were just really happy to have older people do it because everybody was like a college student and it was this thing where you had to do physical things like jumping around and it's like okay, you can't take yourself too seriously and do those kinds of focus groups because if you're older you're going to look a bit ridiculous, but we did it and it was it was an interesting experience, but I I didn't know about the distance was only about the in person one, so I thought those would be out of reach. Is that something that only happened as a result of the pandemic or is it something
you were doing before?
we
did
some
of those
two. Yeah. So yeah.
Yeah that makes
sense.
Right. Right. So you don't want to return to being a home health care worker in the future?
they are
I bet you to, my sister was a home health aide a long long time ago so but she didn't have problems. She was a pretty sweet old lady but she actually had to live there three or four days a week as part of the job because it was an overnight kind of thing. So it was really difficult. But yeah some people are just really angry and unhappy people. So what do you like on Reddit besides of course the ways of finding money, do you involve yourself in any particular groups?
I
know to it. Yeah mm.
What what games do you play?
I said mostly console games then.
you can
actually
get really cheap boxes
for that though. I actually have one um That I've been using not for gaming but just for capturing yeah like 20 bucks you can get this little H. D. M. I. Box that will connect into like your Roku or something and it's really easy so if you ever want to it's not hard. So.
I used
to do
Warcraft
but not World of Warcraft that ages ago. Yeah I use Steam to but usually to play Heroes of Might and Magic which is like a 30 year old game. But
the third version here is the Magic three is really really like the best version of it. It's like five or six versions of it. But I do use Steam also, but not for anything other than that. And My group plays Diablo three. I like geno Diablo. Yeah. So
yeah so yeah, even though I'm older I still do the things I guess that younger people might be doing in terms of gaming just probably not the games they're playing because I don't know which games are super popular but whatever they are and probably not playing them. Yeah. So so yes.
among
us and I never heard of that. What kind of game is it?
So you play with strangers? Did you play with a group of people you already know?
so that's essentially the problem I have as well, nobody lives nearby. Of course people do move around a lot. Yes, so so we should wrap this up soon, but I wanted to ask you how many of these prolific chats have you done so far?
wow. You've you've been very unlucky because this is my this is my fifth. I'm trying to keep track because you're only allowed to do it six times. And so I have to be careful because I think that they won't tell you. They said we don't know, we're not tracking this. You have to track it. But I've only actually had two no shows. But everybody I've spoken with has been a woman.
I think women are more likely to do it because women are less intimidated by the social aspect of talking to a stranger. But I'm not sure. But yeah, so clearly you're not intimidated by this
and you're
Ryan
in,
I'm sure
he
understands when you tell them that just like my cat said, you can't have more treats. I'm sure she understands.
No dogs
are
territorial. They can't help it. You know, that's just what they do, Right? But but yeah, so
it was I will let you get on with your day. It was very nice talking to you, Samantha and
uh, good luck with
your future gig jobs. Bye bye.