Hello
um Set my timer right now, make sure you meet the 25 minutes,
so it looks like you were in a classroom.
No.
so you're a teacher a ticket?
my
wife is
a teacher, what do you teach?
Yeah. Okay, so I guess this is like english as a second language that deal or chinese?
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Sweet,
I'm a flight controller for Nasa, so so
uh yeah, like I'm in Huntsville Alabama, we do we take care of all their science experiments and stuff, so so it's a pretty good job. So where do you look?
It lives somewhere out in that area. Um It's I think of it in the second big city that I should know right off the top of my head, but
Margaret.
Yeah. Well actually I said san Diego, he lives in the Bay Area, can't think.
Yeah, that's it, that's it.
Yeah, yeah, he's actually an electrician, he just uh traveled around and kind of settled there because you know, pays good retirements good, so
yeah it is six PM here, so I guess it's I guess you just got out of school not too long ago, wow.
Uh
Um Chase around my two year old mainly.
Oh yeah, we have a two year old and we have another one coming in about three weeks, so
thank
you.
It will be something,
no.
What the hell is he also a covid protocol and stuff at your school? What?
not
I
What? All right,
I'm
Well
yeah, yeah, I know they're saying maybe about midway through next year, so
it goes
mostly from home I do when I'm working the console, when I'm you know, actually supporting like real time office space station, I have to go in, but it's looking like I'm done with that until uh let's see, I'm kind of a short term assignment right now, planning timeline stuff, but you know, planning timeline for the crew up there and
all. Um next month I'll be taken about half a month off because you know, having a baby and all and uh kind of, you know, tying up loose ends here and there, so it'll probably be midway through december before I get back on site. Yeah.
Uh huh
back.
Pattern.
This
is a big moment for the parents, like, you know, the working parents, I mean?
Evening.
And we have my son
in daycare right now, which I'm not too thrilled about.
I don't really have much of what, you know, much have been another choice. Clear.
So far so good. We did uh earlier last week they messaged us and the director and tested positive for Covid. But um we kept him out for a few days and you did all the contact tracing and all that good stuff. There were no other positive cases. So. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Unfortunately
my wife's uh I told you she's a teacher, she's a teaching virtually this year. They
yeah. Well, I'm pretty sure the whole year, at least they're the first semester, but her school district not sure. Like I completely agree with the way they handled it, but they basically gave the parents an option, you know, you go virtually or just stay in school. And she, you know, she's the 11 that drew the lucky straw to, you know teach virtually for the special departments and Mhm.
Yeah. Well they came to her to ask she wanted it because she was pregnant. You know, they
are you
Help.
yeah. I'm sure by the time you get all used to it and set in your ways but you're doing now it's going to go back to normal
good.
So when gel in the school year last year?
Everyone
that's how it was for my wife, they get it in school in March, but they made everything go virtual, which I mean there wasn't, I mean if the kids did awesome, but nobody like thank
you. So.
Yeah.
it could be worse I guess. Mhm
Well we have uh put me on the spot here, we have the space, you're in Huntsville, it's This museum, this is where they built like the Saturn five and all with it, you know, took us to the moon stuff. There's a bunch of like civil rights museums and stuff down in Birmingham. Remember? I was just like, it used to be pretty uh pretty, you know, bad, but they cleaned it up a whole lot and there was like a bunch of cool little, you know, farmers markets and like almost turned into a hipster city, if that makes let's see we have the beach down in gulf shores, We're about to see I'm that's about 300 miles south of here, so about a six hour drive from where I am. Um mm I mean that pretty much covers honestly.
All
Or
Hunt School where I live pretty up and coming as far as uh I know just like, it's kind of a yuppie city I guess, you know, like the young professionals and they're putting like, there's a bunch of like cool, like, you know, breweries and
stuff.
yeah, yeah. It's pretty cool area to it.
Did you actually live in the city?
that's pretty good. You know, I don't have to really deal with the traffic, but Right.
Yeah, that's what uh was my wife's whole thing about, we used to live like about five minutes from the school that she teaches that and we moved a little further away. But like when you were deciding, you know, like where to go to church and like the stuff, you know, want to do on the weekends, places I believe she just didn't want it to be too close to the school.
I want to say this is her 9th year
maybe. What? Uh
huh. 5th year of the school she's currently at, like she yeah.
About you. How long have you been teaching?
Now in Alabama, like the teachers again get 10 years after the third year and all? So uh how's work in California?
What?
What?
No,
What?
Uh huh. So
what do you, what do you study in school
this?
What?
All
No.
huh.
Let's have,
I don't
know.
What's awesome?
No. Yes.
Children.
Yeah. I usually keep good. I don't do much of the video chat ones, but this is the second one I'm doing like with this study. Yeah, I mean it pays pretty well. So, you know,
apparently the last lady I was talked to who did it told me you can do up to six times apparently.
They sent me like the invite to schedule my second one and all. So
it was a little weird and uncomfortable for me the first time. But then you know how I got through that one, It's like uh
Yeah.
And
All
Yeah. So do you do a lot of like the surveys and stuff that around here
or?
Thank you,
mm hmm. That's what about the time of the pandemic? It and all? I
was
like I browse Reddit all the time and it was like a life pro tip on Reddit, like here's the easy ways to make money with all your extra fun, so
No.
Well right now I just got a new car not too long ago, but
head off that sort of using.
So you said your mom's family's from Taiwan? Have you ever been Taiwan?
you
will.
that I actually do not know much about Taiwan. I'm sure I've seen like some, you know Food Network like street food show about it or something and now that we're sitting here talking about just thinking about that's like I guess one country, I haven't really heard too much about, we're going too much about. So.
Well
America
it's like just because china isn't it? Very
It's more
No. Yeah. We actually had a, we had, we had the trip plan for a while and this was, you know, I told him I was pregnant. This was not too long after we found out she was pregnant, we have a trip to Denver plan which
In all 50 states and I'll do that thing and you know, I would have rescheduled it but it's like when are we going to get a chance to go again with you know, expecting to.
It was good. I mean like on the airplane like everybody had their face mask on and all and pretty much every everywhere in Denver was taking the social distance stuff more seriously.
No.
Only thing that I and this wasn't like you know it didn't break the trip or anything but only thing that I kind of wanted to see that wasn't open was the Coors Distilled or the Coors Coors Brewery.
I mean that's you know I've seen for a reason for so you know it's all good.
Yeah.
Yeah. My friend was telling me that apparently his mother in law like just before you know it all hit the fan. His mother in law bought the ticket I think to like for a carnival cruise I think it was through carnival and like they keep cancel canceling the cruise and then telling her okay you can either get your money back or 100 and 25% voucher. So like three or four times she's gotten 125% voucher. I should have had a you know.
Partners.
What
expert?
What?
Radio.
I didn't go to Jamaica. Ours went to Havana and Cozumel and Key West.
All
Get
I want to say they like cut out the Havana cruises to like just even not to do with Covid. Just
you know
how
Either
they won't let us in or our
government. So I'm
definitely all that.
What?
What?
That
it was pretty neat. It was like I'm definitely glad I saw it once.
Sorry, you much about traveler?
I when I first got that's one of my biggest regrets. When I first got out of college I got a job at a coal mine and it was really good money. However, never could get any time off or anything. I know like I had the money but not the time then and
you
know.
You know
work
well
all of like what's a recent trip you went on over then? You know that cruise?
it will be. Yeah.
I've
never been I had a buddy go on a bachelor party trip there recently
about a year,
you know what's up? But
I'm going to go.
no.
What?
Yeah. Yeah that's a friend of mine was I was supposed to be in the wedding, he was supposed to get married back in april and they you know still had the thing where they said the ideas and all and they had like they invited people to you know drive basically drop through and weigh about them. It was uh, the church was, you know, at a cathedral there in Huntsville, and anyway, they're planning on just having a reception for the one year.
mm.
hm.
I
think,
let's talk about my,
No. Yeah, and my parents are like that and you know, they're both while my dad's 16, mom's approaching 60 and they both smoke, so like they're pretty much, you know, high risk for the whole covid thing, so trust my fingers that they don't come into it or something.
No. Yeah.
Here.
Well, Right.
No.
No.
But anyway, it has been 27 minutes.
It
is,
yeah, it was a pleasant conversation, joe and medium.
Oh, thank you. Thank you. All