Yeah Yeah. Mhm True yeah Yeah. Come from Oh Oh yeah mm. So yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh that's what, yeah that's cool, come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. It's not clear talked about with the bomb mhm mhm mhm Oh okay back mm. Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah mhm But mhm
Hi.
Okay, sounds good.
I am, wow that
was quick. I feel like yeah. Nice.
Yes I am, I'm a teacher
one
day
I teach the screen but for its a mandarin emotion program. So potatoes I have have been learning chinese since um kindergarten so they get half day chinese and half day english
No actually like none of, most of my students are not chinese. Yeah they're just learning chinese as a second language actually and then they can also get um spanish
as an enrichment language as well so yeah.
What
is it that you do?
conference
I'm in san Diego California. Yeah
in California. Los Angeles
san Francisco.
Bay area san Francisco up there. San Jose. Nice
san Jose. Yeah. Little tech hub so.
Oh yeah, for sure. That's awesome. Yeah. Aren't you like? Okay. Yeah. The time difference. Nice.
Nice.
What do you do when you're not working?
Oh gosh, monster.
Oh my gosh, how awesome! Congratulations. They'll
be
fun. Just
yeah, weird times right now, like my friend also had like a newborn and then they're just, I haven't
met them yet because it's just like, oh I'm not trying to take them out during these times, so yeah, you know. Yeah,
Yes there is. So um we wear masks all day
every day and then um I have
half of this because we started our hybrid models, so half of, I have half of the students monday and Tuesday. And then
and then thursday and friday, I have the other half in the classroom, like everybody is basically set up at their own desk, their own huge desk, they just have them like, like I only have nine students inside the classroom, but I also have like a little camera set up in the front because I have students uh parents who did choose to stay
on distance learning strands, so there is still at, so I just have a camera on me at all times throughout the day as well. Yeah, so it's crazy. I don't
know if I can continue doing this, if we can from here, so please covid be over.
Uh Yeah. Oh gosh.
Yeah, are you working from home and stuff now?
You're
Yeah,
it's crazy because we were supposed to talk about um like I think two weeks ago we were going to talk about bringing bringing all of the students back into
the classroom. Uh and that got, you know, that didn't get voted for and there are parents who are pissed off about that too. Yeah, like they just don't want their kids at home anymore either, but I just I don't know well that I can manage that, like
measuring temperature for all of the kids. Yeah,
so
Exactly. So really, really props to them who are like working at home and then kids at home too,
and I don't know how they are doing it because I would be going crazy. Yeah.
What
run the
Exactly, yeah, yeah, I can understand. See that too. Yeah. Thing.
Yeah,
I just know a few schools here opened up and then um they had like cases right away, so they just had to shut down again, so Yeah.
Yeah. Uh
Yeah,
and I think
for
the whole year
to her goodness. But you mean you mean uh here's had a choice whether or not they want to come back to the classroom and that okay, nobody volunteered for that. Like she kind of had to be randomly selected.
yeah, yeah. Okay, good.
if that works out for her then that's great. It's just I I realized like I think
I was really happy to get back into the classroom because I'm not as effective of a teacher I think as I am like in person and like yeah, so I did want to try to make it work under these circumstances, like still let kids use manipulative, see more visuals and just Yeah, yeah, but gosh, it's just it's all, I don't know, we all became first year teachers again with this. All right, So yeah it's been it's been crazy.
Exactly. Exactly. And then I just keep telling my students that they are lucky. Like we they have 1-1 iPad. Every student has an iPad they use in school and they bring home
and not every student has that. Not every school is able to give every student an iPad. So they grateful. Like back then if if something like this happened like I don't know how we would have done any any kind of learning, you know? Well yeah. Yeah. But
uh we we did end it like a regular time in june the middle of and we still had like a drive through promotion because I teach fifth grade. But yeah, it still ended the same the same time. But it's just the last half of the trimester. Honestly it was just like it was it was hard. It was just like if
kids at the work they did it and then if they didn't then
And then,
so there were parents were like, oh great, this is awesome, it's optional. And then other ones who are like, what the heck my my son is like working his butt off to get all this work done and they're not gonna hate it, you know? So yeah,
it was just very unfortunate. But yeah, and I just didn't want to end the year that way and then yeah, but it's very unfortunate yeah or make it at work. So yeah.
I'm like, I'm like Alabama, what is there to do if I were to ever visit Alabama?
Yeah, wow. Yeah. Just like I do
feel like every state has its own like, you know, things to offer, but every time, you know, California, everybody's
like, oh no, I could just look up a bunch of stuff like there's just plenty to do here. But yeah. Yeah, that's nice.
I
was gonna say breweries and all those like speakeasies and stuff. Exactly.
Nice. Nice. Yeah, that's cool.
Um not necessarily, I'm like in a suburban area, but downtown San Diego is like 20 minutes away. So. Yeah.
Yeah. And then, and then actually where I work, I'm like 30 minutes away, which is it's far but like it's it's okay still because like I don't want to see like the parents and the students outside of school and then I'm always against traffic so it's OK. Yeah. Yeah, because I think at first I was going to live around here but I just couldn't find a place, so I guess it just didn't work out. So I was like, okay, I guess I'm gonna do this dr anyway, so. Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. That's funny. She knows. Yeah, wow. How long has she been teaching for?
No,
Yeah.
Nice.
This is my third year. I'm going into my third year. Yeah, but same schools in grade. Yeah. Still love it.
So, so I thought it depended on the district. And then I think it I I think in our district it still is like, it's like probationary, you're like um
there's like probationary 12
and then um there's like permanent and then you can get tenure. But then recently I heard that 10 years not really a thing, but I don't because I'm over here, like, because I'm like one of the newer teachers. So they were saying that if anybody gets kicked out because of, you know, this whole distance learning thing or like this whole pandemic thing, then the people who are the first to go are still, you know, the newer teachers. And even, it even depends up until like when you signed your contract to the time stamp of newspaper, it's so crazy. I was like sitting there at the meeting and I was like, because usually they're like, Hey Diana, like your
contract is here ready to sign. And I'm like, oh, it's there. I'm just gonna go when I go and then now I can't like do that anymore. I have to be like, okay, go and sign it right away because that's so funny. But yeah, it should be, it should be three years as well over here too. Oh yeah. But I mean, who knows? Every district can just, they can just sometimes, like, honestly nowadays, every time we have our meetings, I'm like, man, they can just do what they want. Sometimes
the district, it's just, it's been really, I don't know just I just, I'm yeah,
how
I studied like when I was an undergrad,
I studied international studies and chinese studies and then I remind our education studies because I thought I wanted to work um outside of the U. S. Like I thought my mom's family is in Taiwan and I really liked that place a lot, but I don't think I could be there long term with my immediate family here. Like when I really like when it was getting closer I was like I just really don't want that. And then um yeah, and
then so I actually worked, I actually worked at
like an apparel company for some odd years doing like finance and I was just always on the computer and I don't know that was just not for me
either. And then, so I randomly up and applied for a
Master's program for teaching and then I was like, okay if I get in then this is where
calling me. So I was like, okay, here we go. And then I got in. So I just, and when
I was
a classroom it was just so awesome. Yeah,
yeah, it was great. So yeah. Yeah.
But no. Yeah. Do you do a lot of the prolific studies? This is actually my first one, my first prolific study where I'm doing a video chat because I know
my sister had done a lot of the video chat one
banana.
Not bad if I mean, yeah, why not?
Yeah, we're not, you know, like meet new people and you could like talk if you're Yeah, it's nice
I think because obviously I actually there was a one of my friends friends, friends, friends, he was testing out an app that he wanted to push out, that he wanted to make and then push out. And it was actually like an app that like would bring random people together and you would just go around in a circle and asked like random questions. But then yeah, it was pretty, I think I I had experience with that, so I felt like this was going to be whatever too, because it was just I talked to somebody in michigan and we were just all over the United States, so that was Yeah, but just like yeah,
funny. I know, I was like, oh, are there any guiding? Because I know for his conversation there were like guiding questions, but I I don't remember if this one there was anything if we were just supposed to like let let the conversation flow naturally or there were
like if we had to hit. So I don't know. But yeah, that's cool.
Now that's that's good to know.
I
try to when it pops up because there's actually an extension if you did not know about it. Um So I have the google chrome extension up and then um if it if the and sometimes when I was doing the zoom calls, I had to like make the notification, like, oh, turn off the sound because like I'm in the zoom call and they're like studies available on prolific. And then so but yeah, when they pop up and I'm like working on my computer anyway, I'll just take some time and do it. It's like easy, you know? And they add up. Yeah, it adds up. So. But yeah, that's just so crazy because I think just within this year like I found out that this is a thing like people doing surveys and getting paid for them and it's just like
so crazy. Yeah.
Come
on.
Yeah. No, no kidding. Yeah. That's that's awesome. Yeah. So uh Yeah, but I don't know, I try to do them and then just I mean it's kind of it's kind of nice because I also keep like a log of like every month how much I like get to cash out on and it's pretty motivating to just like you
know keep accumulating that it's like side money and like invest, I kind of invested in stocks and then just like yeah, so
no thanks.
huh. Yeah. Yeah, so that's awesome though. And yes
I have. I was like I got to go back, I went back when I was like four years old and then
I
hadn't gone back after that until um college actually. So I got to go back on like an internship so I was like doing translate translation work for a national museum um and it was a pretty good opportunity to work, get some money and and see my family again. So yeah it was it was awesome. It's a very very nice um little country and it's there's it's beautiful, beautiful areas all around and food is so good. Street food is just amazing so I would definitely recommend it. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah a lot of people when I say Taiwan to they just think the same thing as Thailand and I'm like no it's different, it's separate like. Yeah.
Yeah but it's it's own country and then it's the little island but it's yeah, it's
really it's really
that that bottom edge. Exactly. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I definitely want to travel again after this is all over. I'm just like I'm itching to travel like every I try to take advantage. I'm sure maybe your wife does to try to take advantage of like breaks to travel it like you know, so I don't know.
Whoa.
You just don't know.
Okay good. These things were still open
like you guys still don't clip and stuff. Okay.
Oh I see I see. Oh
Yeah. Yeah because I know like my friend she had gone to Hawaii but she said like they they most of the tourist areas were closed down anyway. I don't know about now but at first yeah we were trying to go because because tickets are so cheap but then tickets are cheap but then we get there and there's nothing to do though because everything is closed but yeah.
Yeah. Gosh.
okay. Well yeah, if there is no explanation, they go ahead and get that. Yeah. Yeah. And then I remember this past year because last year um I like my friend wanted to do a huge like I thought she just wanted to do a local trip. Like I was like okay somewhere close Portland,
like somewhere
in the states, okay
you want to do colorado or something? That's fine new york. But she wanted to go like out of state, you want to go on a cruise? And so I went to Mexico
cuba it was Jamaica and
it was. Yes. Exactly. Mhm.
Cosmo. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. And so I'm so glad I went on that trip last year
because this year there's just no way I could have gone on a cruise.
That was like my first experience on a cruise.
Probably.
You mean like they they won't let
us in there anything anymore.
Both.
No.
we're very
because definitely I was surprised. I was like oh a lot of these places I wouldn't really think about going to visit but my friend
really wanted to and I was like oh my gosh,
Havana's just its own little you really like step back
in the time and it was just a
right same. Same. Nice. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. Oh my gosh, bringing back old memories. That's cool.
I tried to be I feel like right now and I don't have kids and stuff, I try to travel a lot you know because I'm not gonna lie. I think when I have like newborn and like young kids I don't want to travel with them, I'm not going to want to, but
I
know,
and that's why now it's like sometimes you, you don't have, you know, it's like why Savior? I mean it's sure save money like have an emergency fund, but like if you have the time, use it and go,
I will just use it because when will you ever
have time? You know? Yeah, no, that's awesome. Yeah.
Oh my gosh. Yeah, Yeah,
my my recent one was actually, it was really random. Like usually for summer break before the school year starts, I try to go on a trip and my friends asked me to go to, I don't know if you've heard of Lake Tahoe out in.
Nevada. Um Gosh, gorgeous, gorgeous. I usually go there for snowboarding but got to go there in the summer to do jet skiing for the first time. And yeah, and then people, it was, it was pretty, it was quite a bit of people there for like you know, covid circumstances but I think it still worked out. It was just really cool. It was awesome. Yeah.
Such
Oh nice. That would
yeah.
To do
nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was actually this this year, this past year in the summer my
was bridesmaid for my friend's wedding and she had cancelled it and it's like who knows
when she will get to have it because I mean next year I don't even know but gosh because they wanted to have like a lot of their family and friends and so they decided to just postpone it.
Yeah. Gosh, I just, I feel, I feel so bad goodness. Yeah.
Gosh, this just really threw us and I don't know, I don't know. And yeah,
I don't know. I feel like it's so hard sometimes it is a touchy topic because I like not gonna lie. A lot of I
do
have parents at this school who like don't believe in in this. Yeah,
it's so I don't know. I just I cannot I'm just like, are you not seeing the numbers? Like what do you need? I don't know. I just I can't
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Even like, yeah, my parents do like my dad like he's just like, I'm like how have you been? And he's like, well good because I haven't been going anywhere. Yeah,
you just yeah, it's just got to watch out. Like I think here
like I don't live with my parents right now, but I'm like
I I do
still go out and stuff but I am still careful. But I think like I feel like I live with my sister and I'm not like as high risk, like we're not as high. Yeah.
But yeah. But then I don't know. Sometimes our parents just don't understand. I'm like, you just have to stay home. I'm sorry. Yeah.
Nice. That was that
one.
Yeah. That one really blast.
It was, yeah. Already take care and congrats on the baby.
Take care.