wow. Yeah mm. Hello,
how you doing?
You know I can't complain. What's your name,
Laura.
Jeremy,
nice to meet you as well. Where you, where you at?
Okay um Atlanta Georgia area? Yeah.
You think it's weird? Why? Why do you think
it's weird?
Okay. I got you. I mean but in this instance we are getting paid.
Yes. So how many times have you done this so far more? Uh
oh this year for
and
This is like my 5th or 6th time or fight.
You'll be able to do it again. Trust me.
And
I mean you never know who you're gonna meet, what you're gonna learn and you get to talk you get to talk to people all across the country.
Um so far I've only talked to people within the U. S. But the organization better up. I think they're like um like the Professor is some kind of a connection with Harvard
but
if you
look
up
I've actually I've actually talked to people on pacific time.
I got
you.
No no I've never I've never talked to anyone from another country. I mean it
would be cool but I've never done it. Yeah
wow. What kind of dog do you have?
That makes
that makes sense. And very friendly and very just outgoing and social. Yeah.
Well
let's go
So you had to replace them twice? That's what you're saying.
I got you got you wow.
You got you got you wow.
Do you let him sleep with you or no
he let him sleep with you.
So it's like more like a nap type thing.
wow. So what do you do?
I teach online. I teach Children online. Yeah. English.
So yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean at one point in time I actually was over in Taiwan and china but um I figure if I don't, I mean I would love to be there, but if I don't have to be there and I can still make the same amount of money, why not do it from home? Yeah,
exactly, exactly. Well, you know, I'll give you two examples. You've got a person who works for like um either facebook or amazon. I'm not familiar who, but they literally, they park their uh converted van in the parking lot. They take advantage of all the food and all of the other amenities that they have to offer. So to me, that makes sense. Um
and you probably already know this because you just mentioned it. There are tons of people who are like digital Nomads and they're like, look, I can just be anywhere with the van or a truck or something and you know, do what I do.
You
don't, you don't need to,
no,
I'm here.
No,
no, no. Like where I live at. I mean we have a lot of folks, they don't want to live in the burbs any longer and they tend to be millennial age. And so what they're doing right now with the, we have our train system, which is terrible. I just want to say that called marta. Uh, the reason why it's terrible. I'm gonna tell you why um back in the fifties and sixties racism, uh, didn't allow it to become fully as developed as it should be. So. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It's public. Yeah. Yeah. The railway system racism did allow it to fully develop. And so if you look at it now, it's like it looks like this, it's just like this. Um but then you can go to other cities like I'm from Chicago and it looks like, you know, just, there's just arms and arms and arms, new york city. Same thing. Anyway,
exactly. So, um what they're doing now, those uh, the marta, they're taking certain railway stops and they're converting them in the work play. Um And um like have workplace state. Um so you have like an apartment complex and with options for you to work and options for you to be able to have fun. And so, um, I think it's a great concept. But I mean some of the condos, 1.5 million for for something for something small.
I can believe that.
that
you
I agree. I am actually used to be using a five in a long time ago. So I was based out of Dulles and it was crazy. Like if you were like in, what's those areas called? So resting, um, Ash Ashburn. I think it's another city. I can't
remember
something like that.
Anyway. Um, if you were
I remember, I remember resting and uh, Arlington
all of that area was expensive. Georgetown was really expensive.
But if you were to move like out near the west Virginia border, the prices would drop tremendously.
we will. You mean metro, are you talking in the subway system? How far away are you from it now?
I would imagine once that happened, like what you just said, you're gonna get a lot of people that are gonna want to live there. You're gonna get the services, they're going to come as well. But
rent
is gonna just go high because of because of the access.
Do you still want to live in the Maryland area? Or would
I say
that
where
you,
well, you have to ask you, where are you originally from?
Do you miss it?
Got you,
Were you from the northern or southern part of California.
So
let
me,
that makes sense, wow. So I mean if you like, but I'll tell you a place that you'd like to visit then during the wintertime or even the fall as well. I guess I'm originally from Illinois and from Chicago land area. But um, definitely also Wisconsin.
Yes. Your freeze?
Yes, they do
that.
Yeah. Where were you at? Were you in Milwaukee or Madison?
Okay. Um, for some reason Wisconsin has people who like to, they like to wear shorts during the wintertime. So I used to live in Milwaukee and I asked some folks why do you do this? And they said, well whether you're wearing pants or shorts, it doesn't matter. It
doesn't.
You got
Yeah but what made me leave um the Milwaukee area went to grad school. But what really made me leave? Milwaukee was the fact that it was like april or May and this lady was like listen It still snows in April and May and I will never forget telling her you're kidding. And I woke up the next day and it was like four or 5" of snow. I couldn't believe it.
you
You have any full experience it yet.
He
have you ever had to use the scraper for your windows back?
you you would never like you see um what do you because I haven't drilled with cars since like 11 2011 2012.
So you have to use like all
right I ride a bike to get around or public transportation. But for your, for your for your windows. Um there's
Yeah.
Yeah.
Got Yeah, I know.
I
know.
I know you're fine. Um I know living in Chicago like what we would do um say for example, we have a family function that we'd be at and my mom would be like, here's my keys, go start my car and you know, you wait like a half an hour and then you know, you'll be ready to go. But if you just tried to get in the car, you know, it's not happening.
Yeah. What's great is when like, I know some folks would get like a starter where you could just start your car without having to go outside and
it
It.
Well,
that's what I was gonna say. Like what you do in that situation, you have like it perfectly set up to where you want it
when you um left Cali to come to the Maryland. Did you drive the whole way?
Thanksgiving or christmas?
Um I hate to say this, but I'm gonna say it. I've heard really bad things about United's cargo hold.
it makes makes sense to me. Um So that's what like about five days maybe?
Oh, that's not bad.
Oh, it's awesome. So
you're,
you're, you're gonna plan to stay places and see things as you go along. I got you,
you got
to get
something,
some barbecue in texas.
Gotcha. Well, it's funny and interesting that you mentioned um Nashville, are you familiar with mega bus? Okay. So I figured out how to get their dollar tickets. So I'll be going, yeah, I do it all the time. So I'll be, you gotta go like at least three months out and you'll always get them.
Yes, so I found a hostel in Nashville, like right on broadway where all the honky tonks and all the bars are, so I'll stay at the hospital at the hospital and there's a really good family style restaurant that I'll be going to Southern style called monorails. Um Mhm.
M O N E L.
Yeah, it's amazing.
Every every every day they have like a different um meat. So I'm definitely going on friday because I'll be able to make the fried chicken every day, but I'll be able to get the the catfish, I think it's for for dinner on Fridays, It's catfish and the one that I go to is in Germantown.
Yeah, and the other reason I'm going up there down here, we only have crystals, they're like
White
Castle. But but trust me, they don't taste anything like White Castle, they just look like them. But the closest white castles are in Nashville, so I'll be able to do that and then I'll tell you another quick little story. Um So Vegas, I flew to Vegas in june for three days and stayed at a hostel as well, $45 each way on spirit.
I'm
sorry for $45 round trip. Round
trip.
No,
no. So uh and uh my hotel or a hostel for the two nights was only $25 a night. So
Yeah, like when COVID started like I was able to find round trip to Vegas from Atlanta, $30 round trip. So what happened was I didn't wind up going to Vegas back in like March or april. So I went to the airport because that's the only way you can save money with Spirit Airlines if you go to the airport. Yeah. Yeah, there's like a passenger usage fee that you don't pay so long story short. Um I go to the airport and I already had my $30 ticket and I'm like how much would it be now in in June And ladies like give me another $17. Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I didn't think about it until I get got to Vegas. But this guy was like you just flew From coast to coast. I sent 45 for $47 and Vegas was empty. Nobody was really there. But you know I ate
as
much,
it was much better. It
is, I did nothing but eat in and out burger.
matt
Bennett,
Not bad. So let me think if you find out of Philly, don't tell me like I told you I used to be a flight attendant. So you flew, let me see who
bought who
I'm trying to remember.
I'm trying to remember because Billy used to be us airways. Oh my gosh, come on, jeremy. You should know this.
Thank you. That's who it is. American bought us airways. Okay. So I want to give you a website that if you maybe already use it. Great if not great Airfarewatchdog. You'll love it.
Airfarewatchdog.
You're welcome. Thank you.
And
I'll give you one final website for for travel. Now. The thing about this Maura is
that
you can't
book your tickets but you can use the software to find the tickets and then you go to the website of the company. It's called I Ta Software by Google and it is the most amazing software that I've ever discovered in my life.
I Ta software. Yeah. So like a lot of the different websites that you use this is who they have is their their um this is who they're using in the background. Yeah. Okay.
You're welcome.
You're welcome. But I mean where you're at I mean you're you're you're good. You got three airports. You got be wi you got D. C. A. And you've got a I. A. D. You got done
as well. So you're good. And then like you said you can drive and get to other airports so you're really good. How far are you from New york city?
How far are you from New york city?
Okay because the best airport in the country if we're going um international would have to be JFK. Uh huh.
I want
Do you got I mean I know like new york and um actually you know when I went to the inauguration for President Obama there were quite a few new Yorkers that didn't like the um I forgot what their peter pan buses.
I mean it's just, it's just a thought, but
I'll tell
you out of them what was the name of that? It was a company called, I forgot, I forgot the airline, but they're in the Middle East and
um They had flights $300 round trip to Bangkok just and with the, with the item matrix you will be able to find flights that you will be like, how does this even exist?
But a body,
you're welcome. A buddy of mine. He wanted to go to, he was, he was living in in Oakland but what I was able to do because Oakland is like, like not really an airport for flights, I was like dude just get on the bart and go down to san Francisco what you did And I was able to get him a cross country flight On the United to Newark for like 1 39. It's just, I mean it's just amazing like what I was able to find.
Well you do now
who
actually?
Yes. When you just mentioned Italy Maura, you made me think of something wonder room. Have you heard of their?
Okay. And you can use them for uh north America and europe for buses, trains and flights, so you're good. Yeah. Yeah. I mean for me like what I what I'm trying to do Like when I went to Vegas I knew I could get there for 47 round trip, I knew I could get the hostel for $50 on the strip and then it was just a matter of, okay, I know you're gonna charge me extra for my bag so I'm just gonna go for two nights with the backpack. So that's just how I do.
What?
Yeah. I love hostels just because you never know who you're gonna meet. Um The hospital that I stayed at in Vegas, we had people from the UK from africa from France. I'll never forget the guy from France. His country actually was, they provided him with a free flight to get back home. But he allowed his ego to get in the way And he was stuck in America for three months by the time I met him.
I know
and and he he admitted to me he's like I let my ego get in the way. He's like, I tell my country I can get home on my own. I don't need you. I can, I couldn't believe it.
So just just imagine he's paying 30 bucks a night Plus. He has two ft $30 a night for the hospital plus he has to feed himself. But I think that he had money because you know, in Vegas you pay like the resort fee on top of the, on top of the hotel. And So he told me what he would do. He stay at the hostel for like four or 5 nights in a row And then you go get a hotel for two or 3 nights in a row.
Yeah. So I kind of think that he had some some cash.
But but I just was like, you know what if my country was like, look, get to this airport, we're gonna fly you home. Yeah. Get
to
the airport.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, but for you, you mentioned Italy, I know Italy had like a lot of craziness going on with COVID-19. I was kind of keeping up with them. And it was good that you weren't able to make it, what I'm concerned about is when are they going to open up our passports again?
Yeah.
Have we gotten through the second wave yet, or No.
Thank
you.
I got you. I'm just I know that they said that this fall and this winter is going to be really crazy. You know, I just I just feel really bad for a lot of folks, like because where I'm at people are, you know, going to dance clubs and, you know, they're not wearing masks. Some some rapper, are you familiar with t I?
It doesn't matter. Um he he had a Like an album Release Party. No one was wearing masks,
so yeah, I don't I don't want to keep you. Um but I will tell you this, this um is an ongoing thing. I've been doing it for about a year and a half. It's really fun. This is like my 6th time at one point, I think they said you can only do it five times, but now they say you now they say you can do it up to seven times, so I'm like, ok, great. But
you'll meet like a lot of really cool people and it's really fun.
Can I see your doggy?
Hey, doggy, hello,
are
you
how you doing? Oh yeah. Oh yeah, he's killed and uh
you never have an off day with him, wow,
I like his coach.
mm you're fine. I was able to see him, I see in his eyes he's very he's a very friendly dog. I can tell do you take them to the dog park?
I got to find it. I
got to find us.
I was going to tell you, I don't want to keep you, but it
was wonderful
talking to you. And if I tell everyone, no matter where your life takes, you have fun doing it.
And
I really appreciate the conversation and and good luck getting back on christmas and stopping everywhere you go. Uh
that's the one other thing I tell you. So with my bicycle, I know I said that was the last thing.
So you're gonna basically be doing a car tour. But with my bicycle, that's what I'm going to be doing for about a year to a bicycle tour.
Yes, Yes, yes. So
the, um, so when you mentioned how you guys were gonna be stopping and everything, I never thought about doing it with a car, but that's what I'm going to be doing my bike. So
no, I know you're gonna have a blast. But again, it was really wonderful talking to you.
Thank you.
You too. Bye bye