Hi
and well, how are you
more,
yep. How about you?
Nice to meet you.
I'm in Maryland,
look at us. Okay, so this is weird.
I think
it's a little weird. I don't know, it's almost like the the vibe of like omega will chat roulette, kind of get a random stranger on the other end of your computer screen.
it's true. Worth it.
Euro.
Maybe that's why it's weird. How many
times have you done this?
Right. I hope I could do it again.
Oh yeah, I look forward
to it.
That's cool. Is it is it just within the U. S. Or is an international at all or do you not know?
Okay, that makes sense.
And
then it's
probably
like it's probably like a time zone thing too right? Where you're only going to talk to people who are like closer to your time zone because of convenience in life, like
No, I know, but like within the country it's at least close enough time so like
you're not going
to get people on like the other side of the planet who are probably sleeping right now.
And
Cool. Yeah I just um my my dog has been bugging me incessantly all day and I ordered new toys for him online the other day and they literally just arrived right before this and I was like perfect something to distract him with. So he's over there excitedly chewing on his new toy.
He's a lab mix. Yeah he likes
to do on everything.
absolutely, definitely
him he's
uh he's one so he's very young and he really likes chewing things up. So better. He destroyed his new toy than his dog bed which he has destroyed twice now. What?
No I just I put the stuffing back in and I sew it up and hope it doesn't happen again.
Uh not not about to buy because those those things are expensive like $40 minimum for a dog bed. I'm not going to buy him a new one just because he chewed it up. It's a dog,
you don't even need a bed, I'll sleep on a pillow or something.
What?
yeah. Yeah. Yeah his his bed is really just one of his many options for things to sleep on. Yeah
I suppose. Yeah. Yeah it's like a hang out and don't bother me kind of spot. Um But then he ends up playing with it because he's bored so one of the repercussions of working from home is the dog is excited that you're there but he doesn't know what to do because you're too busy working to pay attention to him. Yeah
I work in a lab. I do like lab research. Yeah. How about you?
nice,
it's just going to ask what you teach, so there you go.
Exactly, it's one of the funny things that I feel like with the work from home situation, it's like there are all these people paying rent and really expensive places when there's no reason to and so like there's someone I know who works for amazon and I'm just like why don't you like buy an RV and just like drive around the country, just chill and hanging out and like still get paid your like san Francisco salary, but like not pay rent in san Francisco.
Yeah,
so why bother? Like why pay the expensive rents? It's
crazy.
Yeah, you really don't. I was listening to a podcast recently that was talking about why cities are so expensive um Oh no, oh yeah, Okay, froze for a second.
I got scared.
Yeah. Um They're talking about why cities are so expensive and it was like maybe with this whole work from home thing because people will no longer need to live in cities, the cities will be less expensive to live in because there will be a lower demand. But then I guess it's like it doesn't quite correlate the same way. Like it's not necessarily that it's how many people live here or like want to live here means the rent will be more expensive. I don't know. It's a crazy concept. I can't imagine rent prices decreasing. I think
they only increase.
For public transit.
It's elaborate. It goes everywhere. That that's how it should be.
Yeah. Us insane. Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy how rent prices can be sometimes. And it's like it sucks to write because it's it's like it's more expensive where it's easier to get around. So like if there is public transit immediately prices will go up. Um Yeah so I'm pretty close to D. C. And in in D. C. It's like like the rent in D. C. Is just nuts. But then like I live like way on the outskirts in the suburbs and my rent is like my rent for a like pretty big townhouse is the same as a friend of mine who lives in D. C. And has a one bedroom apartment. Actually I don't even think it's a one bedroom, I think it's a studio so and we pay the same rent. Yeah. It's pretty crazy.
Yeah mind blowing. But there is like very little public transit where I am and like I can't take the train from here to work like I could take two buses if I really wanted to but uh kind of forced to drive but I
think it's
worth it. Yeah. Yeah.
Ashbury
maybe
Ashford
Asheville. No that's somewhere else. That's north Carolina.
Arlington,
northern Virginia, yep.
To the. Oh yeah yep. Yeah so I mean really, I feel like where I am is kind of perfect very fair prices. Um But I also feel like the D. C. Suburbs are expanding so like as the edge of the suburb goes further north because like if you go further away from D. C. From where I am there's nothing for a large expanse. Um So it's like as they build more cities in that area I think where I live now we'll get more expensive. Um But I don't know it's this weird thing, I also feel like they will definitely expand the metro to here at some point to as the suburbs expand. Yeah.
Like 15 minutes to the nearest station. I'm actually like they don't have one in the city that I live in. Yeah.
the
rent.
yep. By then I will hopefully either not live here or we'll have bought a house so it won't be an issue.
Probably
not.
I'm technically a student, so I'm like technically transient, so I'll be here for probably three more years. Um But there's nothing keeping me here. I'm
not from
you
California. Yeah,
mm Not really. Uh maybe maybe aspects of it, but I don't feel like a strong urge to go back or anything. I really like seasons.
Fall fall is spectacular. Like it's just beautiful. You don't get days like this in California, like the leaves actually fell off the trees. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. Yeah. You don't have that in California
mother. I
was
from
L. A. So.
Oh my God, I went to Wisconsin once for like a weekend. Um but it was in january, january, february, it was very cold.
So I was considering moving there, I was interviewing. Um and what really struck me was it was literally snowing and there were people wearing shorts and talking about how warm it was
and
me being from California, I was like excuse me what? This is warm, like how do you define cold? Because I don't know
Madison.
You're
just gonna be cold no matter what, So feel
free to expose more skin. Oh my God. That's nuts.
Oh my God. Yeah. So people were warning me when I was moving here that it was going to snow, but this is my this will be my third winter here and last year, it practically didn't snow at all, like maybe sprinkled like, or like powder or whatever for like two days and then the year before it was like mild. So
I don't know, I'm still still waiting to see what winter is all about.
Apparently not. I was like getting ready to buy a shovel. Um and then it never was necessary to like
shovels now.
Yes, I have. Yeah. To be fair though, I did have to do that like okay, literally once when I lived in California when I lived in, I lived in northern California for college and it got below freezing for like Maybe two days 1 year and my windshield froze over the day before or the day that I was going to drive home for winter break and I didn't know what to do. And I had to call my mom and be like, mom, I can't see what do I do. She was like pull out a credit card, start scraping the window. I had no clue, yep.
Well
fuck
the like the windshield warming thing. Yeah.
So that would have just taken longer, but I could have met sure. Yeah.
I'm not for like fog on the window.
Sorry,
go
ahead.
Yeah. I did learn that. So last winter it didn't really snow but the windshield would freeze over all the time. Um And so I learned to wake up in the morning, come downstairs, go right outside to start my car and then come inside and get some coffee and stuff before like going to work. Um Because then like the windshield would be thought and it would be warm in the car too, so like you're kind of set uh you really don't experience the cold. Yeah.
need
to get one of those where you just like press the button on the remote and the car starts. That
would be awesome. But then like you have to make sure to have all the buttons on like in
advance.
Yeah. Oh man. Yeah, I was thinking of getting a new car soon because mine is kind of falling apart. Um So I might I might have to look into that feature. Mhm.
Um So I so I had been traveling right before I needed to start working here and so I was going to drive and then didn't have the time because I had like two days to get here. Um So my my boyfriend ended up driving it across the country instead, so at least there was that, but we're actually we're planning on driving to California for the holidays. Uh
christmas. So like yeah, I mean it's like on the one hand it's probably safer because we can control who's around us in terms of the pandemic. Um then then flying. Um But on the other hand, we are going to have to like stay at places, but we want to bring our dog is why, and we don't want to have to put them in the like cargo hold of a plane.
Yeah, so I've heard bad things about like sending your dog on a plane at all, like unless there with you and he's too big to be like with us, so we really don't want to do that. So we're just going to drive across the country.
it's 39 hours.
Yeah. I mean it's like we're going to take a week to do it so that we can do it like kind of casually like You know 6 7 hours a day instead of like the full 89.
it'll
be
Exactly, so we're already planning on stopping in Nashville for the first night and then getting some Nashville hot chicken on our way out and then um what else was it? There was somewhere in texas that
we
like
flagged. What
for Sure, Like all the things
Really? Like if you buy the tickets three months in advance interest?
Yeah.
no, I found it,
I'm gonna make a note of that.
oh, that's so funny because I live in Germantown Maryland, so when I opened their website and it said german town I was like oh this must be the wrong one. Uh huh oops. Um but yeah I will definitely check that out.
I don't
know.
Damn
that's
I
mean like each way is still nice but like
round trip
what a win.
Like what? That's crazy.
it's
probably
better.
That's awesome.
Nice. Yeah I think the best deal I've ever gotten was last year for christmas um We were looking for flights like pretty far in advance I think it was like september um and we found I don't know this one day I don't know if it was just a fluke or what are we just got lucky but they had flights round trip to san Francisco and back For I think it was somewhere between $150 and $200. Um which for Christmas like I think the flight was like That on the 23rd or something. Um And then back like the day before New Year's Eve. Uh that's just like an incredible deal but we had to fly out of Philadelphia because I think the previous year we paid $300 each so this was like half price um for like christmas but we had to fly to philadelphia so it involved and it was like a five a.m. Flight so it involved waking up at two am to drive three hours to Philly uh to get on the flight but it was so
worth
it. Mhm.
difficult
to,
I have to remember who we flew
I think it was american.
air fare well I've never even heard of that. Perfect.
Oh my God that's conversation with a stranger ever.
Thank you. Cool.
Oh, I'm going to keep an eye on that.
In
effect,
I'm
Matrix Airfare search. Cool. Okay.
awesome. Thank you.
I will take those tips.
No.
What
I want to say like four hours.
Yeah.
then, but then the problem with JFK then is like, so I would drive four hours to get to a cheaper airport, but with JFK I have nowhere to park or a parking would cost a lot. Yeah.
Yeah, I was gonna say mega bus or peter pan. Those are pretty good around here.
it's
nonsense.
I don't know,
I am definitely going to look into that.
thank you for that.
What will win? You literally just have to know the right websites. How did I not know that
I do now, I'm flying places, come on pandemic end, I really want to go um to europe, we were planning on going to Italy
in March
and and then we we almost spot flights and then we like we're like taking too long to decide and then the prices increased and then the pandemic started really bad in Italy the week that we were planning on being there, so we were really glad that that didn't work out.
I have heard of that. Yeah,
It works, it works. Hostels.
Such a wind sometimes.
Dude,
dude, take what you can get.
ridiculous.
just to like feel better about his life.
I got some money. Yeah, that's
yeah right, if
my
country offered me anything for free, I take it.
Yeah, I agree. I don't know how long this whole thing will take. It looks like a third wave is starting. Uh
Never ending. Yeah.
I don't know. I just um I was looking at the Maryland data this morning and there was like a peak and then like a half peak and now it's gone up again to like the first peak. So it's like it's like there what were 1.5 waves and
now it's
like the second and a half wave.
I don't know.
Oh my God, they're part of the problem. Mhm.
Often.
I look forward to it.
Yeah. Well he's black so it's kind of hard here. You know what? I'll get a flashlight going.
He's
like,
what is this light?
All he wants is for me to hold his toy while he chews on it.
Pretty great. Yeah.
Yeah, he's very shiny. Get him in the right light. Sorry. It was brighter here, but it's getting darker outside, so
Yeah. Sometimes, but there's actually there's a park right behind our house and you have some dog friends that live in the neighborhood. So our backyard kind of is our dog park. Good. Go get it. Yeah. Mm hmm. I like through it to the other side of the couch and he was like, what? Where to go?
No.
Anyway, I've been tasked with making dinner so I should probably get that started soon.
Thank
you.
thank you. I appreciate
that.
Thank you.
Oh, that's fine.
Like around the country.
That's
That's even better.
Thank you so much.
good day.
acne by