SPEAKER_L: Hello? Hello? Hello? Yeah, yeah. Yes. Mhm. Okay. Right, Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. No, come on. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Complete.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, a lot. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Uh Looks like our chat chat connection worked out. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm okay. I'm okay. My name is Alyssa. Uh How are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing great. My name is David, it's nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you too. Gang, babe. Um
SPEAKER_L: I live in Atlanta Georgia. Where do you, where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: I'm up in new york city. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I think the last time I did something similar to this, the person lived in new york as well. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: You know, how are how are things down in Atlanta right now?
SPEAKER_L: Um you know, they're going they're still, you know, we're starting to reopen and we still have had quite a bit of protesting going on and um I know that our our spikes have not necessarily been as much as other states when it comes to, you know, the covid stuff. Um but uh you know, I still think a lot of people are hunkering down, but there is still a lot of people out and about and going to bars and it's like three o'clock in the morning and I had my, my condo looks down at a bar, there's just tons of people out and I'm like, oh God, what are you guys doing? You're just going to get yourself, you know, and I'm surrounded by a bunch of gay bars too, so God God knows what's being spread between everybody. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: You know, being
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: locked
SPEAKER_R: all that.
SPEAKER_L: up for months. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Oh man. And all that in particular. It just looks like I lost your video. Are you still connected?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm still connected. Do you see me? You can't see me at all.
SPEAKER_R: I can't see you right now.
SPEAKER_L: It still says that it's recording and going,
SPEAKER_R: Course, Well, I can still hear you at least.
SPEAKER_L: well, that's yeah, strange. Does it just show a black screen or something?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's just it's a black screen with a, you know, generic gray silhouette of a person on it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's so strange. Yeah, I still see you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: um But yeah, no, it's been like when there's just crowds of people out. I work worked will
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: work in theater, which is like, you know with the first two close and will be the last industry to reopen. So when there's these crowds of people, I'm just like, please, please, I want to go back to work. I want to talk to work. I want to have a job again.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean especially, you know, being an entertainment, you know, it's just like you said the first
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: to close and the last to reopen because people aren't, and even when you do, it's still not going to be to to what it was before, you know, there's going to be still social distancing in place. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: No, it's it's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: it's interesting. It's, I mean the one, I think it gives me a little bit of hope and excitement, a friend of mine just posted on facebook that, you know, the broadway league just announced the other day, but it's officially closed Through the start of 2021. Um, It's like, you know, hopefully if um, you know, the obviously the big traditional proscenium theater setups will be a long, long time coming. Um, but you know, a little hopeful about, you know, there's still room for the smaller theaters off broadway, off off broadway theaters that don't buy design. Like don't have the huge crowds and have more flexibility and their layout and set up that, you know, maybe there will be some room for innovation on that in that part of things and that we not only would be able to have something, but maybe something new, something different. So, you
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: fingers.
SPEAKER_L: mean, Yeah, because I mean you're seeing it in other areas, like, you know, um like like for drag queens now, like since people are going out to the clubs doing all of these, these streaming events that are $10 and their crowds are able to make a lot more money per night than than what they were doing in the live and you know, doing it live. So maybe there could be a mixed their opportunity for broadway to where, you know, you can still go and have the traditional, but then you might be able to start maybe streaming and getting a large base of audience because I've never been to a broadway show, I've been to new york a few times, so I've never been, but if I had an opportunity to probably stream it, I would,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I mean
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: there's a bunch of interesting, there is a lot of interesting work going on right now in digital and virtual formats that you know, beyond the just we're in a zoom room and were around the table reading, which there have been wonderful opportunities of that would, you know, cats that are assembled that could not otherwise be in the same room together. Um but immersive theater companies in particular sense, it seems like they pivoted very easily since their work for the most part site specific um out in the physical world. But in a way like all of this setup is just another specific site to uh you know, taylor your work to um you know, talking about the different opportunities. It opens up 11 piece in general that I'm thinking of. There's this one piece that runs on saturday nights called S Cotton, that was originally meant to be out in, you know, a real building that I think there was a there was like a little new york times future on it, but oh, I have your video back. Um
SPEAKER_L: awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe they're messing with us as part of the research study.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I'm like I'm like experiment. Um But But yeah, no, the original brick and mortar production, it said they had a cast of like five people. Um but there are some nights there's there is some variation from week to week, but some nights there's upwards as in many is like 25 performers and it now um things that just weren't possible with both people's availability, but also the cost of physical space. Um You know, in a way they're able to actually have a bigger show now and then was originally planned um which is interesting.
SPEAKER_L: or,
SPEAKER_R: And um two
SPEAKER_L: and I think you're going to see that, I mean we're seeing that in a lot of businesses because I think a lot of businesses that were stuck in the nineties way of doing business and people need to be in their seats from 9 to 5 or whatever their timeframe is, they would not go to remote workers, they were kicking and screaming, it doesn't work for our model and then they were forced into it based on, you know, the virus and now they're saying, well we don't have to pay rent, we don't have to pay electricity, water, phone bill for internet. And employees tend to be more productive when they're working at home, they work more hours because, you know, you're at home, you know, I've done it for several years and that's always the case. And I went to working, you know, Probably 5-7 hours in my 40 hour work week. So when I went and worked from home, it was like 13 hour days. You know, waking up at five o'clock in the morning listening to music and, you know, working. So I think, I think we're going to see a lot of different, you know, or you know, be way beyond just, you know, these other creative spaces, you know, adopting this, we could change even though we're going to be, we're going to be all like hermits in like 50 years, no one's gonna
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: want to leave their house.
SPEAKER_R: No, all I will do that it's just like or you know the energy and whatever that normally get drained by commutes and you know the like panopticon of the optic be in the office, open plan workspace that can get moved to other areas where if it is safe together, like maybe people will actually be able to go out more once it's safe to um because they'll have both energy and so like I need to see people thing rather than I've been forced to hang out with all these people that I don't really like for eight hours now. I just want to don't make by myself on his power. No.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. Are, you know, non profits were here, you know, where many of them don't necessarily have to have physical spaces and I work with nonprofits mostly. So they could utilize that money for physical spaces to further their their mission um and their causes, you know, for the communities that they're supporting. So I think that, you know, in return it could do a lot of good plus all this telemedicine stuff. You know, I feel like the um the mental health industry is failing a lot of people and this kind of open up the door for people to be able to get access to um two counselors and therapists, you know, uh that are way beyond their just regional reach. Because I mean, I've witnessed people in my life struggle trying to get help in the mental health industry, um you know, so it's interesting to see where, you know, because I sit there and I think about this stuff, you know, all the time, I smoked large, large amounts of pot, and then I sit there and I think about, like, life, Exactly university, you know, the day.
SPEAKER_R: like accessibility because that's that's the other both like wonderful but frustrating thing. Um You know with the remote working not only just as far as productivity and quality of life but the number of you know disabled people in the workforce who have been you know asking for these reasonable really like reasonable accommodations for years and been told like oh we can't do it like and then it's just like well now you have to look look look at this, you can do it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so, you know, where, you know, double amputee, you know, veteran would have a hard time getting about, they could easily work in their home environment, you know, uh and, you know, demonstrate their full capabilities, because I think a lot of right now, we we cut off a lot of people in this country and, you know, we stick people in boxes and we make it really, really hard for them to get out of those boxes, like people that are stuck on food stamps and public assistance. It's, you know, it becomes as soon as they start making a little bit of money, the amount that they take away from them way our balance is a little bit amount that they're making. And it makes it not, you know, them struggling more trying to get out of poverty and we we create this vicious cycle where people, you know, just can't get out of it, you know,
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: and then things
SPEAKER_R: much
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: love
SPEAKER_L: this happen.
SPEAKER_R: a friend of mine is just like where it would have been better for her to not try to work at all. It turns out but she ended up falling into the cracks health insurance wise where she you know he hadn't been able to work but then it was uh got managed to get the paperwork together and managed to get like the medication that you needed to get on disability and like you but now because of what she gets to that that put her just like over the edge as far as um I forget what her Medicaid whatever situation was, but now because she got disability what she needs um she can't afford her medication anymore and you know she's done and and she's literally in the crack between making enough money to be able to making not you know little enough money to qualify for assistance.
SPEAKER_L: To qualify for an additional symptoms.
SPEAKER_R: And it's just like everyone that she's gone to as far as you know and in the bureaucracy that has just been like even the ones you want to help her open like. Sorry stop.
SPEAKER_L: there's nothing we can do. Yeah. It's, I think, I think it's like, you know, I was born in America and there's lots of aspects that I love about America and it's like I'm not necessarily anti capitalist, you know, where capitalism plant as a role in the play, but there's so much broken in our country. And yet there's so many people that hold on to same tradition and foundation and constitution. When you look at us compared to all these other countries, we're like a brand new freaking country and what do you mean? Tradition and constitution? We've only been around for a couple of 100 years like now is the fucking time to change this
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: shit, Like not like hold on to it acting like we've been around since the roman days, like that's not the case. Like we're setting ourselves up to fail eventually
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: as as a country and if not now and if not in our lifetime, you know in the lifetimes of our Children and our Children's Children and and I think that there's a lot that needs to be done and a lot of people in government right now that are la la la la la la la. It's just like what what, what's happening, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: it's like sure those you know that that group of guys who like got together and wrote a thing, you know 250 years ago they were not they were really smart but they still were just a group of guys, one who were able to that had were from a specific time period and three that had a bunch of self interest. Like why I like the fact that it's been enshrined as like this permanent.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and I think you know the access to like you know things change like the weapons thing like you can get a fucking bazooka now or a tank like where do we like stop at wind is like not as you know enough or the access to the internet. So it's I think you know we have all of this fighting between the local level and the state level and then the federal level when really we're all connected to a point where it's easy to kind of govern us all in the same manner where we don't need all of these different layers that are eating up large amounts of resources you know or you know our health care like I don't understand how we don't do it. You know all these other countries are able to show how they are able to have a different type of structure. Um And we
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: these insurance companies.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you're like no no.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. You know we have these insurance companies that they understand the industry but yet they monopolize on on the structure that the US has set up. So you know they make all of this money without any oversight. And I kind of feel like there's a way to arrange it to where there's a hierarchy to where you know regionally you have, you know coverage based on insurance carriers and every doctor and every hospital needs to be like underneath it. And I feel like there's probably a lot of people in the U. S. Just people that have ideas of bettering the government. And if we could just combine all of our thoughts together and then pick the best of it and go look government, do their check, you know, it would be better off.
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah. Uh so
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: this is working with that, You work with nonprofits?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Uh my own uh to companies. So one of them is a nonprofit specific payroll organization, so where my partner of various payroll companies and then resell it at a discounted rate, none of the customer service guy. And um my other one is working with nonprofits, state associations um to help increase their revenue as well as member of retention. Um And then some trainers and I just launched that one. I'm good at website design. So um this is like I don't know like the sixth or seventh company that I've started, but eventually I'm just gonna make lots and lots of money because anybody that you see that millionaires, you know, they'll all tell you that they've started like a bunch of companies, you know, and I don't care about how much money I'm not making, that's not like my goal. Like I get uh more satisfaction of doing good work than I do about getting paid, you know? So, um, I was working at a training organization that was specific for nonprofits for 10 years. Um, and then I'm my boyfriend, I'm gay. Um, uh, he was like, do you want to like go off on a sailing adventure? So I was like, yeah, I want to put my job and go on a sailing adventure. So we
SPEAKER_R: mile.
SPEAKER_L: both like quit our jobs. We sold all of our belongings, we took our dog and or cat and got a sailboat and went sailing around the Bahamas. Um, and that's when I started the payroll business and then Hurricane Dorian came along And we had to tie up our boat, we went to a hotel room. Um, we were stuck in the bathroom for 20 hours while the building crumbled down around us with our dog and our cat. Um The part of the condo flooding on the second floor and then our boat got dismasted. We were stuck on the island for four days. We had to like loot for food because we had like no food or whatever and everything was just, you know, like the guy running the place was like the cops taking alcohol right now, just go and get what you need. Um
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and then and then and then it was up for us to get rescued. So like when the little planes were coming in bringing in supplies, I realized like being stuck on the tarmac for like six hours that it was going to be up for us. So I started running around two planes begging for people for rides. And then we got a ride to another island and then two days later we came back. So now we're back in land, we weren't ever planning to come back on land. We were planning on staying out there forever. Um and then it's a good story though, right? Yeah, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, coming back though with like, like, you know, because like I had this sense that, you know, I'm never going to die. I think a lot of guys do, but I was just like, I'm never going to die. And then I was faced with my own mortality because I was in the bathroom going, oh God, I don't want to die, I don't want to die, I don't want to die. And you know, every time like I'm holding on to the door and there's like a £300 man on the other side, you know? And so when I got back, it like messed me up. I was like thinking about life and death because I'm not very religious, but I believe there's something more, but I believe everyone's wrong, but everyone is probably a little right. So then I'm sitting here like thinking about life and death and consciousness and quantum physics, you know, I'm trying to sit here and relate all of this stuff and I got to the point where I'm like I'm sending myself into panic attacks. So then I had to go and see a doctor and go and start like talking to my therapist about like you know about it all because it was, you know, spending me off into as an existential crisis. Mhm, wow.
SPEAKER_R: understand. I'm going. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So tell me a little bit about you, I just told you, you know something fun
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: china
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: a little bit about yourself.
SPEAKER_R: do I even follow, what? How do I compare? Yes. Yeah. Well I'm I'm living in new york city right now. I've been here for about seven years, lifelong. Well almost lifelong resident of new york state. I was not born in the U. S. I was born in South Korea And adopted at three months old. Um I grew up, grew up upstate and um just I guess on the separate of travel, I actually went back to south Korea for the first time three years ago, which
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: would quite an adventure. Um I was brought on to work on uh an opera that was a co production between the Japan society in new york city and the Tokyo Bangkok icon, which is a classical, focused on what's from style, classical music um in Ueno Park in Tokyo. So we would do the opera here in new york and bring over the book icons sort of young adults chamber ensemble as our orchestra. And then we went over to their venue in Japan and did it in Tokyo. And so you know, I got the job and then like, you know, I get I have I have a plane ticket now to halfway around the world and back while I'm over there. Um It seems like this is the time to to uh finally go go to Korea. So uh yeah, I worked in the job, was in Tokyo for about a week, stayed another couple of days in Tokyo and went um and crashed with a friend who works in Osaka for like half week. And then I hopped in a little plane and went on over to Korea. I was in Seoul form about a week, hopped on a bus, did an overnight and john jew and then within reason for close to a week. Uh and so it was my first time back which also my first like big solo international trip still overall it was just like all different sorts of adventurers uh But it was it was really cool and like it's a journey that I'm still like talking about like you know mentally emotionally unpacking thing that that was a journey that I'm still unpacking um because it was a lot but it was wonderful and like in a way I'm well especially now I'm like oh when will travel B you know possible again, I know that my mom felt a little bit, she was glad I had the opportunity but she was also you know, a little bit sad just like I wish that I were able to travel with you and I'm hoping that you know they will be at one point be safe and we'll be able to travel with, I'll be able to travel with her back to Korea, but I'm in the end I'm also glad that my first trip back there always by myself
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: um and I feel that that was a very important experience for me me to have.
SPEAKER_L: well it was probably good for your soul you know to process it all you know like you know.
SPEAKER_R: I mean process, I feel I feel like I didn't even know what I would be processing while I was there and then just as I was leaving it all just like hit like a ton of bricks in now and it's just been processing ever since then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I totally you know I totally get it especially because you know because since you said it was like your first big like you know over trip so there's another component to that all outside of all of the other personal stuff is
SPEAKER_R: No no.
SPEAKER_L: you know because it's I think a lot of people and you can tell the people that haven't traveled that live in the U. S. To other countries because it gives you a certain appreciation to where you're from you know your surroundings, it gives you appreciation for other cultures like other things that you really love and so there's so many fucking feelings and sorry I swear like a sailor you
SPEAKER_R: I told you I work in theaters.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know so the things you singing Uh huh. Um So you know but then there was again that whole personal thing because you know you were adopted from them and did you know did your parents did you grow up knowing that that you were adopted from a young age there? Did they wait until a certain age to tell you?
SPEAKER_R: I mean my my I was about to go into a white family so there were pretty up, my
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I guess.
SPEAKER_R: mom, my mom tells the story of apparently I was maybe I was horrible I think but it was before school should only be like three or 4 years old and the tv was on and I don't know if that we don't know if it's Canada or something new thing but there was an asian
SPEAKER_L: When?
SPEAKER_R: person and appeared on Tv and apparently I like pointed to the T. V. And I was like looks like me and my mom says that's the moment that we knew that you knew you didn't look like us. Um
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no my my family my parents were very good at like there was always a bunch of korean cultural uh stuff present in our house. Um I went to create you know summer korean culture camp for most years of my childhood. Um Which you know it's also something that I took for granted until there was I think what I knew one other korean adopted growing up and she was more great civil one again. Um And she was a year older than me in our in our very very white um elementary school. And they had like a family, family, friends and friends day at culture camp where you could bring someone who is not an actual camp for that. So we brought back, we brought Becky um that one day and it wasn't something that I was really confident enough because I was you know like nine years old or whatever. But my mom says that we brought Becky and like her job just dropped because she had never seen so many people that look like her before. Um He's like you know her obviously another you know situation white family and we were both in the same, well this is very very white community but I think she had older siblings who was disabled most of the families I think energy and focus was on the disabled sibling. Um So it wasn't she didn't have the same sort of cultural immersion that I got. Uh and so that was something that when I heard the process and I'm like, oh, not not everyone gets even what I do as far as connecting or a sense of community or centering or whatever. Um
SPEAKER_L: Look at that that you even like recognizing because I think that's what's wrong with a lot of white people that they would walk around not realizing that their segments of our population that are never represented are never acknowledged. It's all centered around this white you know male and female universe and they almost take it for granted. So then when racial issues get brought up there's a large segment that's going it doesn't exist because it doesn't exist for them. They don't see it, they're not affected
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: by, you know, they're not they're not in the realm of I live in the world where everybody looks like me and then if
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: you don't
SPEAKER_R: of the most,
SPEAKER_L: feel like they connect with anybody,
SPEAKER_R: I think important
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: aspects of that is to travel like the geese entering of yourself, christmas dream.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh well that was
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: weird. You just jumped. What happened? I see your blue screen in your glasses. You hear me? Hello? Hello? Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hello? Okay, we're back.
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me? Right, okay, okay, cool. Do you see
SPEAKER_R: Hope
SPEAKER_L: me?
SPEAKER_R: I love them.
SPEAKER_L: That's so weird. You kind of frozen on my
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: end.
SPEAKER_R: there. But connected. I
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: can see you now yet.
SPEAKER_L: we're having having technical problems. Did you come back? Oh no. Okay, cool.
SPEAKER_R: All right. You're
SPEAKER_L: Are we good?
SPEAKER_R: I think. Okay. You have been frozen moving again now. I think so. I think so. Um but yeah, I have no idea what's the last thing you heard me say it, but, but when you had mentioned
SPEAKER_L: I think we're having some issues here.
SPEAKER_R: travel, um it's mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: now I lost
SPEAKER_R: connect
SPEAKER_L: you. Now you went
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: to a great screen, We're going to give it a few minutes. Are you mr researcher, man or woman? Our young men, young women. There we go. Hello, So you're back.
SPEAKER_R: Alright. I switched, I switched my connection. Did hot spotted off my phone. Um,
SPEAKER_L: that's much
SPEAKER_R: so,
SPEAKER_L: better. I can see you like clear now. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Happened spectrum internet up here is shit because their monopoly. And so why would they, I want to give good service.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It feels strange. Your phone gives me a clear, you know, signal than than that uh your internet.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, that's what I have to, you know, just like running it, running stuff off of data if I really, really need a connection because the internet is just unreliable.
SPEAKER_L: you're you're blocking before so I can never really even actually see you, you know, you know, as a gay man, so I hope you don't get offended, but you are unbelievably gorgeous. Just you know,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, thank you very much.
SPEAKER_L: you're probably beating beating guys off a stick out there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I also give up like, I think like a pretty unapproachable aura.
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you trust in your like, don't really approach me.
SPEAKER_R: So I have uh,
SPEAKER_L: Do you have like, do you have people say like, inappropriate like that they don't think are inappropriate racial things to you while they're trying to pick you up? Like guys?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No, it's actually, uh, while a bit ago. But in the recent past I was walking through walking through the neighborhood and it was, I got like a ni hao at me and, and which is not like, it's, it's not, it's gotten that a lot before. and I was like, oh wow, this is a unique experience. Like the feeling of relief that it's like, oh I'm just getting catcalled. It's not the recursive low time, great.
SPEAKER_L: You know, I have the urge to cat call and say really inappropriate things to hot guys walking down the street just so they understand how it feels
SPEAKER_R: Uh what isn't it? Who is, who who taught you,
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: Who
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: taught you?
SPEAKER_L: I had an employee once. Um and she said that there was like, I asked that because there was a lot of white guys that would walk up to her and say things like uh hey, I could use a little asian persuasion in my life and like, are you really hot for an asian girl and like things that are like, like really offensive, but yet they don't realize they're being offensive. So I didn't know like, and that was happening to her in like Atlanta in L. A. And las Vegas. You're in new york. So I didn't know if like it doesn't matter where the fuck you go to guys fucking
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it doesn't
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: matter, it doesn't matter what helps, you know? Um
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: Because I I think that one there's just the general cat calling umbrella and then if there's any particular thing, like if someone, if someone is a person that's falling under the general cat calling umbrella, um
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: feel like this are very high then that
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: they'll go with something else.
SPEAKER_L: does. Well that's a good way of looking at it. It's all under the cat calling inappropriate umbrella.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel like if you're, if you're already going that level inappropriate, probably everything else be inappropriate as well. Uh huh. Yeah, I think like the most though, like usually it's just like, you know it more like on the one that got me closest to like seeing red and shouting back at them, which not smart but at least walking and it was through like midtown and like the diamond district or something like young guys so like dressed up in suits, which might, you know, might just be short courses like the store. But I was walking past and then they just started, they started just like snapping. Like I was like they were calling a dog or nothing and I'm like what the fuck.
SPEAKER_L: Like that's going to get you to get you to respond.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's just, it's just really curious how much of it is either within one, either both within the general set and also within the individual. How much is you think that you will have success and how much of it is like with many other types of harassment and assault? Like how much of it is just a power play. Like it's not even about like, okay. Like I just want to, you know, I have the power to get this reaction
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: out of something.
SPEAKER_L: so, it's
SPEAKER_R: Let's
SPEAKER_L: just,
SPEAKER_R: slow it way
SPEAKER_L: it's interesting you posed that question because like I primarily get along better with straight guys. So I have a lot of, I've had a lot of straight guy friends in the past and I've been in the cars with them and I'll be places with them and then they will do and say things that are like so inappropriate and I have to check them. Like you realized she doesn't want to respond back to you while you're yelling at her out of my car. Like, like that fucking song, you know, I don't want no scrubs
SPEAKER_R: office
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: Bad
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: practice.
SPEAKER_L: I've noticed it is, it is, it is, it is not them every time it's not them about like a power thing. It's them being that blindly conceded in themselves thinking that you want it, that you want, that reaction that you want. You know them, it is, it is, it is a delusional can like,
SPEAKER_R: What could be more desire than male approval.
SPEAKER_L: you know, you know, just like, you know, when you're in, you know, in a gay club guys, you know, the only times I've been molested in my life being inside of a gay club, like you get groped in approached in urinals and you know, all of the stuff that really women deal with, like gay men just do it to each other on open. You know, it's not necessarily that I minded. I haven't in the past, you know, it's just something that I've observed that,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you know, the way men react and act to the people that they're attracted to is, you know, really inappropriate. I can probably say that I understand it a little bit because not, not because I've acted so inappropriate so many fucking times, it's not unbelievable. And the only way I justified to my friend is like, when a guy gets corn or turned on or whatever he does and says things that are like, almost not in his control, it's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like he's being driven by the penis, the penis is telling him what to do, what to say,
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: and it won't change until whatever, whatever, whatever the penis once it gets, and then, and then all of that stuff, then you start to regret and think, well, maybe I shouldn't have done that or said this or done that. Like, you'll start to regret the things that you've done, like, and I've been there, I've regretted it. I mean instantly, right after it's like, oh, I should have done that,
SPEAKER_R: Okay comes out of your mouth and you're just like, oh, you can like see it leaving and flowering away. They're like, no, no, come back.
SPEAKER_L: You know, I'm like, I, I, I kind of get it because I am driven by the same like guy things and um, I have been compelled to yell things out that straight guys walking down the street just because they're hot and they should probably deserve to
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: get to hear, you know, you have something really
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: inappropriate said to them, you know, as someone is driving by like, hey baby, whip it out or some stupid shit. Yeah. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: well water man.
SPEAKER_L: uh, this has been a fun conversation again. Like I've done this type of thing once before and the guy was not, I had to do all of the talking. He was not very interactive with me. You know, you are all engaging and fun to talk to.
SPEAKER_R: Well thank you. You are as well. Um yeah, no, I mean that's something that I'm just like, it's funny. I am, I consider myself an outgoing introvert. Like people have a kind of a hard time plug because it's, I'll go away and Herman like I'm fine just being by myself and you know, no need to go out. But what I'm out just like I'm I like engaging with people. I'm no hero. Tell I like I like knowing about people. Um So yeah, no, it's it's it's a funny funny thing I feel
SPEAKER_L: I have the same
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: type of approach area. I'm going, I like to stay at home.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, man, so I am looking forward to uh you know when I'm just like one more theater, be back, one more theory be back. Yeah, I mean, not for a while, but it's you know, it'll be, it'll be interesting and we heard that like, you know, I'll see what kinds will be back. I think that, you know, in twitter might have a better chance of coming back earlier than conventional where you know, when you can have rather than taking a bunch of people sitting them all next to each other and like packing then if you have people moving around a space, they have the power to control the distance between themselves and another person. You can have crowds of equipment size. You know, if they're moving all through space, you don't all have to pack in one, there might be actually a way to do that more more safely. Which I'm just like, does that mean that K Pop will finally come to broadway? They've been saying the K Pop musical like go to broadway for a couple years now when it hadn't happened, this might be a chance. Right.
SPEAKER_L: I went down
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the K. Pop rabbit hole. There's these um vice, there's a vice show on hulu and um that they do one episode a month and it's like vice news reporting and they had a K. Pop episodes. That's where I went down the K pop rabbit hole. Besides like being confused when they have been flooding people's hashtags before
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: the traces stuff because I'm all for when they were drowning out all this other stuff. I was just confused. I would see something trending and it would be like George and then I would go click on it. It's just like video after video after video K pop like singing and like bromance things that seem like like these guys have like sexual relationships that the fans are hoping they have or I don't know it's like it's a whole another culture that I know nothing about.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But like it's kind of it's not specific I think the K pop, but it's sort of going on to the tradition of fan fandom or like band um where it's, you know, there's bad fans are like fans of the music, but then it's also very much also the person basically, the characters
SPEAKER_L: Take characters.
SPEAKER_R: that are creative which are, I mean like any manufactured group or and you know, it's yeah, it is they are manufactured characters as much as they might be based off of the real person. Who is there like the public facing thing. Like that's something that's being presented purposely um as
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: part of
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: their
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: party.
SPEAKER_L: that they that they all get their jobs by doing competitions. It's like american idol like type of thing.
SPEAKER_R: You know, a bunch of those as well. But yeah, no, the whole like BTS Army thing has been a real trip. Like I I think well, it's mostly into sort of been the K and the korean hip hop. Uh We sort of my in road into um korean pop music and it's really like new of BTS, but I never beyond like having them show up in like, you know, automatic playlist or whatever. I wasn't I didn't like I I still can't tell you who is who in the group. Um But uh yeah, I dove a little into that rabbit hole as well when suddenly BTS army was always trending over everything and I'm just like, huh? Us fascinating, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Now do you sit alone in your apartment learning the K. Pop dance is?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I've been trying to learn a couple of them further. Like uh one of the uh to anyone of to anyone's song, which is a three minutes a small girl group. Um Like that. So, I mean, one of the Legal Legend song has like a really really good dance to it. Um I've been trying I've been sort of trying to learn those ones for the past couple of, I'd say like for the past couple of years, every stop, I'd be like, all right. I have a week. Like how many moves make it, I get like, you know, 10 seconds worth of dance before. I didn't have time to work on it anymore. Um Yeah, I know some of that choreography insane. It's a it's a lot upon now um
SPEAKER_L: I went down the rabbit hole on twitter so many times. It's like here I am going ready to go fight with some fucking, you know, trump supporter or some racist. A mass. And then I go down the K pop rabbit hole because of the hashtag. It's just I'll spend so much time just scrolling down all these videos and I don't know why
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: like it's not even like I'm really listening actively listening to this music. Um And it's not like I'm I've liked music from all sorts of different places in the world. It's not like I'm stuck within a really, you know, eclectic music and people say that a lot, but it's really, really like the case with me, like I'll listen to fucking anything from like the forties to now in every genre from almost like any country, you know, like one of my favorite artist is a rap rave group, rap rave group from South Africa called dance Word and I just fucking love them. They're just weird and it's, you know, like
SPEAKER_R: Well how?
SPEAKER_L: wave group from uh from South Africa. So then they speak in, you know african african, so then it's like and english and then they go back and forth between the two so that I'm sitting there singing words that I have no idea what I'm like singing, you know, and then I'll listen to Edith piaf, which is, you know, french, you know, with her big, crazy bunny eyebrows. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: but my favorite is uh Nina Simone. I love I love Nina Simone more than you know I love Nina Simone because she sings songs that other people sing that are happy but with like sadness in her soul.
SPEAKER_R: Well that everything is coming from life
SPEAKER_L: Yeah from years of really you know oppression and hardship and you know struggling and it's just you know here comes the sun is just it's heartbreaking when she sings that song
SPEAKER_R: work.
SPEAKER_L: like it is not the happy like it comes the sun.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: No it's like it's like the relief from years of pain. Here comes the sun. It is not a happy, it is not a happy song in my opinion when she sings it. Right?
SPEAKER_R: but it's one of the repair, you know, there are so many people who are like technically and like vocal tone life, you know, great, really good singers, a really good vocalists um like lots of people and I feel like the competition shows a river, but at a certain point like your, like your instrument can be great, but like there's that thing which just has to come from inside the person that can't be replicated or faked or you know, and that sometimes you like if you have like that sometimes it's even better than, you know, the instrument is a little bit rusty or like there's something a little bit about it and it's just like, no, it's all about the best tool to express this.
SPEAKER_L: You want you want that that that the wear and tear e gives it gives a history, gives it life, gives it you know a place where you're coming from. Then you get people like you know Amy Winehouse and you know like that where you could you could hear it in their voice and then you have to get like the generic people like they go to the competition competitions that don't make it very far. They stay on Youtube because yeah, well they're good at re singing people's songs and maybe even writing their own. They're missing that bit of that, bit of that hurt. And most of them have it. It's usually the hurt. It's usually you have you have to been hurt, struggled, you know, battered views, drug addicted, whatever it may be. You know, like it usually makes a better artist regardless of whatever they're out they're out. You know, their output is whether it be because, you know, you're an artist and a lot of people will look at someone in the theater and they'll just credit you as an artist, but, you know, you're an artist, you know, you're an artist in probably, you know, and it's truest form because you're striking an emotion that that is not necessarily what you're feeling at the moment, or striking a chord, you know, beyond it is raining enlightening. And I hope my internet, my internet is going to like,
SPEAKER_R: I got a hat.
SPEAKER_L: it's like storming
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: out here. My dog is gonna kill me because I did this and I didn't take her out beforehand.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: You see, we're gonna walk out there and it's gonna be like pouring down and she's gonna look at me with the most filthiest look. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: What kind of dog?
SPEAKER_L: She's a pit bull mix. She was like 20 years of friends. Where is she must she must have been shouldn't have left her up. It will mix right here, hold on to me. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: my God.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Oh,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I'm not wrong,
SPEAKER_L: I found her almost nine years ago on the stage was driving by going home from work. It was about a block from my house and I drive by a dog and has no hair, pustules all over its body and blood running everywhere. And I go, oh she could be such a pretty dog. And I stopped and I go, honey. And then she like bends down and peas and I get her into my car and I take her to the vet When the vet thought she was going to die. So fast forward $2,000 later She was on the road to recovery. So fast forward 10 months after that and my ex accidentally let her run off and she got hit by a car. So then she should bones sticking out of the front of her both of our lives. So she was in shock. So I take her to the vet and they're like, OK, or put her to sleep. So I begged borrowed, plead installed whatever I had to do and then got her fixed. So she has titanium plates now in both of her front legs. So like I love her, we have been through so much together like she is the most amazing dog. Like I love her,
SPEAKER_R: Last
SPEAKER_L: you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: what? A moron.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, she's my little, my little Little $10,000 Puppy. But Um
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: and she's bossy and she hated the sailboat. Like she, I thought she was going to be able to learn to pee on the little fake grass that I had on the sailboat. She held it for 36 hours for 36 hours until we got to the Bahamas. And I had to get her off the boat. Well before we even checked in through customs because I'm like, she has to go like she's going to get a urinary tract infection which she did. Um and then from that point on we couldn't stay gone longer, you know, we had every day be attached to land when we were planning on that. So she changed what we were planning on doing because we should have been through the Panama canal before the hurricane rolled through really, but not with her,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you know, because that wasn't gonna work, which I'm kind of glad like the hurricane was a blessing in disguise. Like it was horrible to, you know, lots of people died and we're missing. It was devastating. Um but if we would have outlasted that we could have been stuck because of quarantine with no food, no one allowing us on, on land with the dogs. That wouldn't go like we could have been in a really, really difficult spot, you know, if that hurricane would have happened, which I hate looking back at like being involved in like a bomb almost, you know, it was like the most
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: horrifying experience ever. And then going, thank God that happened so that we didn't get stuck, you know,
SPEAKER_R: not?
SPEAKER_L: in some country with not being allowed to go on land,
SPEAKER_R: No, it's true though.
SPEAKER_L: you know? Um, but you are wonderful to talk to. This has been such a pleasant experience. It was a lesson,
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah, David,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. David, You're good. Yeah, I just, I really enjoyed talking to you. This is a great experience.
SPEAKER_R: what I enjoy talking to you too. Thanks so much. And uh, yeah, all the best with your businesses, particularly a newer one and
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: uh all the best for Atlanta right now with everything
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And fingers crossed that, you know, you're gonna be going back going back and working. Are you at least making some like getting some type of compensation from uh, what are you part of? Like a, uh, like a nonprofit like?
SPEAKER_R: I'm on. I'm, well, my, my, what, my at least that my unemployment claim actually went through, which is better situation than a lot of people have had. Um and the one good party for his employment goes because I'm a union member.
SPEAKER_L: Union that before, Don't you get
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: compensated?
SPEAKER_R: don't get conversations with that because that's based on whoever your employer, whatever project everyone is. But health insurance is through the union rather than through individual theaters. Um So I do have health insurance for a while. Skills. Yeah, that's that's the good
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: part of that.
SPEAKER_L: an actor's guild nonprofit that pays into the fund that helps pay for the insurance with all this stuff from everyone from tv actors to movie actors all the way down to theater. So I just learned about that a couple weeks ago, but I'm glad
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Has been helping out a lot because it's it's the health insurance thing is you're going is right, I say it's right now it's working out well, but it's it potentially trouble down the line because it's the way that work. It's the league that um maintains health insurance and pensions and it's both, you know, dues from the members. Both.
SPEAKER_L: through.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Make me think. But also a large part of it is working dues which is, you know part of your patriot when you're working. And that also takes, you know from the employer as well. And nobody working.
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: So they're not any working dues or any employer contributions.
SPEAKER_L: so they're struggling now as well. Yeah. Well, fingers crossed that everything, you know, works out and comes back and again. You're our pleasure to freaking talk to and all luck with everything and um, well, lighting. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: awesome. Okay. Well, it's great talking to you and good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You
SPEAKER_L: Bye.