Yeah, a lot. Mhm.
Hi. Uh Looks like our chat chat connection worked out. Uh huh.
I'm okay. I'm okay. My name is Alyssa. Uh How are you doing?
Nice to meet you too. Gang, babe. Um
I'm up in new york city. Uh
You know, how are how are things down in Atlanta right now?
Uh
And
all that.
Oh man. And all that in particular. It just looks like I lost your video. Are you still connected?
I can't see you right now.
Course, Well, I can still hear you at least.
Yeah, it's just it's a black screen with a, you know, generic gray silhouette of a person on it.
um But yeah, no, it's been like when there's just crowds of people out. I work worked will
work in theater, which is like, you know with the first two close and will be the last industry to reopen. So when there's these crowds of people, I'm just like, please, please, I want to go back to work. I want to talk to work. I want to have a job again.
All
Yeah.
No, it's it's
it's interesting. It's, I mean the one, I think it gives me a little bit of hope and excitement, a friend of mine just posted on facebook that, you know, the broadway league just announced the other day, but it's officially closed Through the start of 2021. Um, It's like, you know, hopefully if um, you know, the obviously the big traditional proscenium theater setups will be a long, long time coming. Um, but you know, a little hopeful about, you know, there's still room for the smaller theaters off broadway, off off broadway theaters that don't buy design. Like don't have the huge crowds and have more flexibility and their layout and set up that, you know, maybe there will be some room for innovation on that in that part of things and that we not only would be able to have something, but maybe something new, something different. So, you
know,
fingers.
yeah. I mean
and
there's a bunch of interesting, there is a lot of interesting work going on right now in digital and virtual formats that you know, beyond the just we're in a zoom room and were around the table reading, which there have been wonderful opportunities of that would, you know, cats that are assembled that could not otherwise be in the same room together. Um but immersive theater companies in particular sense, it seems like they pivoted very easily since their work for the most part site specific um out in the physical world. But in a way like all of this setup is just another specific site to uh you know, taylor your work to um you know, talking about the different opportunities. It opens up 11 piece in general that I'm thinking of. There's this one piece that runs on saturday nights called S Cotton, that was originally meant to be out in, you know, a real building that I think there was a there was like a little new york times future on it, but oh, I have your video back. Um
Mhm.
I know, I'm like I'm like experiment. Um But But yeah, no, the original brick and mortar production, it said they had a cast of like five people. Um but there are some nights there's there is some variation from week to week, but some nights there's upwards as in many is like 25 performers and it now um things that just weren't possible with both people's availability, but also the cost of physical space. Um You know, in a way they're able to actually have a bigger show now and then was originally planned um which is interesting.
And um two
What?
No, all I will do that it's just like or you know the energy and whatever that normally get drained by commutes and you know the like panopticon of the optic be in the office, open plan workspace that can get moved to other areas where if it is safe together, like maybe people will actually be able to go out more once it's safe to um because they'll have both energy and so like I need to see people thing rather than I've been forced to hang out with all these people that I don't really like for eight hours now. I just want to don't make by myself on his power. No.
like accessibility because that's that's the other both like wonderful but frustrating thing. Um You know with the remote working not only just as far as productivity and quality of life but the number of you know disabled people in the workforce who have been you know asking for these reasonable really like reasonable accommodations for years and been told like oh we can't do it like and then it's just like well now you have to look look look at this, you can do it.
How
much
love
a friend of mine is just like where it would have been better for her to not try to work at all. It turns out but she ended up falling into the cracks health insurance wise where she you know he hadn't been able to work but then it was uh got managed to get the paperwork together and managed to get like the medication that you needed to get on disability and like you but now because of what she gets to that that put her just like over the edge as far as um I forget what her Medicaid whatever situation was, but now because she got disability what she needs um she can't afford her medication anymore and you know she's done and and she's literally in the crack between making enough money to be able to making not you know little enough money to qualify for assistance.
And it's just like everyone that she's gone to as far as you know and in the bureaucracy that has just been like even the ones you want to help her open like. Sorry stop.
All
No.
Yeah. Yeah
it's like sure those you know that that group of guys who like got together and wrote a thing, you know 250 years ago they were not they were really smart but they still were just a group of guys, one who were able to that had were from a specific time period and three that had a bunch of self interest. Like why I like the fact that it's been enshrined as like this permanent.
to
do
so
what?
Well yeah. Uh so
this is working with that, You work with nonprofits?
mile.
No.
Oh.
understand. I'm going. Uh huh.
I
just
how
do I even follow, what? How do I compare? Yes. Yeah. Well I'm I'm living in new york city right now. I've been here for about seven years, lifelong. Well almost lifelong resident of new york state. I was not born in the U. S. I was born in South Korea And adopted at three months old. Um I grew up, grew up upstate and um just I guess on the separate of travel, I actually went back to south Korea for the first time three years ago, which
would quite an adventure. Um I was brought on to work on uh an opera that was a co production between the Japan society in new york city and the Tokyo Bangkok icon, which is a classical, focused on what's from style, classical music um in Ueno Park in Tokyo. So we would do the opera here in new york and bring over the book icons sort of young adults chamber ensemble as our orchestra. And then we went over to their venue in Japan and did it in Tokyo. And so you know, I got the job and then like, you know, I get I have I have a plane ticket now to halfway around the world and back while I'm over there. Um It seems like this is the time to to uh finally go go to Korea. So uh yeah, I worked in the job, was in Tokyo for about a week, stayed another couple of days in Tokyo and went um and crashed with a friend who works in Osaka for like half week. And then I hopped in a little plane and went on over to Korea. I was in Seoul form about a week, hopped on a bus, did an overnight and john jew and then within reason for close to a week. Uh and so it was my first time back which also my first like big solo international trip still overall it was just like all different sorts of adventurers uh But it was it was really cool and like it's a journey that I'm still like talking about like you know mentally emotionally unpacking thing that that was a journey that I'm still unpacking um because it was a lot but it was wonderful and like in a way I'm well especially now I'm like oh when will travel B you know possible again, I know that my mom felt a little bit, she was glad I had the opportunity but she was also you know, a little bit sad just like I wish that I were able to travel with you and I'm hoping that you know they will be at one point be safe and we'll be able to travel with, I'll be able to travel with her back to Korea, but I'm in the end I'm also glad that my first trip back there always by myself
um and I feel that that was a very important experience for me me to have.
I mean process, I feel I feel like I didn't even know what I would be processing while I was there and then just as I was leaving it all just like hit like a ton of bricks in now and it's just been processing ever since then.
No no.
I told you I work in theaters.
I
I mean my my I was about to go into a white family so there were pretty up, my
mom, my mom tells the story of apparently I was maybe I was horrible I think but it was before school should only be like three or 4 years old and the tv was on and I don't know if that we don't know if it's Canada or something new thing but there was an asian
person and appeared on Tv and apparently I like pointed to the T. V. And I was like looks like me and my mom says that's the moment that we knew that you knew you didn't look like us. Um
Yeah no my my family my parents were very good at like there was always a bunch of korean cultural uh stuff present in our house. Um I went to create you know summer korean culture camp for most years of my childhood. Um Which you know it's also something that I took for granted until there was I think what I knew one other korean adopted growing up and she was more great civil one again. Um And she was a year older than me in our in our very very white um elementary school. And they had like a family, family, friends and friends day at culture camp where you could bring someone who is not an actual camp for that. So we brought back, we brought Becky um that one day and it wasn't something that I was really confident enough because I was you know like nine years old or whatever. But my mom says that we brought Becky and like her job just dropped because she had never seen so many people that look like her before. Um He's like you know her obviously another you know situation white family and we were both in the same, well this is very very white community but I think she had older siblings who was disabled most of the families I think energy and focus was on the disabled sibling. Um So it wasn't she didn't have the same sort of cultural immersion that I got. Uh and so that was something that when I heard the process and I'm like, oh, not not everyone gets even what I do as far as connecting or a sense of community or centering or whatever. Um
All
one
of the most,
I think important
aspects of that is to travel like the geese entering of yourself, christmas dream.
All
Yeah. Hello? Okay, we're back.
Hope
I love them.
You're
there. But connected. I
can see you now yet.
All right. You're
I think. Okay. You have been frozen moving again now. I think so. I think so. Um but yeah, I have no idea what's the last thing you heard me say it, but, but when you had mentioned
travel, um it's mm hmm.
I
connect
this.
Alright. I switched, I switched my connection. Did hot spotted off my phone. Um,
so,
Yeah. Happened spectrum internet up here is shit because their monopoly. And so why would they, I want to give good service.
Yeah. Well, that's what I have to, you know, just like running it, running stuff off of data if I really, really need a connection because the internet is just unreliable.
Oh, thank you very much.
Yeah. I also give up like, I think like a pretty unapproachable aura.
So
So I have uh,
Yeah. Yeah. No, it's actually, uh, while a bit ago. But in the recent past I was walking through walking through the neighborhood and it was, I got like a ni hao at me and, and which is not like, it's, it's not, it's gotten that a lot before. and I was like, oh wow, this is a unique experience. Like the feeling of relief that it's like, oh I'm just getting catcalled. It's not the recursive low time, great.
Uh what isn't it? Who is, who who taught you,
Who
taught you?
yeah, it doesn't
matter, it doesn't matter what helps, you know? Um
Because I I think that one there's just the general cat calling umbrella and then if there's any particular thing, like if someone, if someone is a person that's falling under the general cat calling umbrella, um
I
feel like this are very high then that
they'll go with something else.
Yeah. I feel like if you're, if you're already going that level inappropriate, probably everything else be inappropriate as well. Uh huh. Yeah, I think like the most though, like usually it's just like, you know it more like on the one that got me closest to like seeing red and shouting back at them, which not smart but at least walking and it was through like midtown and like the diamond district or something like young guys so like dressed up in suits, which might, you know, might just be short courses like the store. But I was walking past and then they just started, they started just like snapping. Like I was like they were calling a dog or nothing and I'm like what the fuck.
Yeah. And it's just, it's just really curious how much of it is either within one, either both within the general set and also within the individual. How much is you think that you will have success and how much of it is like with many other types of harassment and assault? Like how much of it is just a power play. Like it's not even about like, okay. Like I just want to, you know, I have the power to get this reaction
out of something.
Let's
slow it way
office
go.
Bad
practice.
What could be more desire than male approval.
What?
What?
no,
Okay comes out of your mouth and you're just like, oh, you can like see it leaving and flowering away. They're like, no, no, come back.
What?
What?
well water man.
Well thank you. You are as well. Um yeah, no, I mean that's something that I'm just like, it's funny. I am, I consider myself an outgoing introvert. Like people have a kind of a hard time plug because it's, I'll go away and Herman like I'm fine just being by myself and you know, no need to go out. But what I'm out just like I'm I like engaging with people. I'm no hero. Tell I like I like knowing about people. Um So yeah, no, it's it's it's a funny funny thing I feel
and
Yeah, man, so I am looking forward to uh you know when I'm just like one more theater, be back, one more theory be back. Yeah, I mean, not for a while, but it's you know, it'll be, it'll be interesting and we heard that like, you know, I'll see what kinds will be back. I think that, you know, in twitter might have a better chance of coming back earlier than conventional where you know, when you can have rather than taking a bunch of people sitting them all next to each other and like packing then if you have people moving around a space, they have the power to control the distance between themselves and another person. You can have crowds of equipment size. You know, if they're moving all through space, you don't all have to pack in one, there might be actually a way to do that more more safely. Which I'm just like, does that mean that K Pop will finally come to broadway? They've been saying the K Pop musical like go to broadway for a couple years now when it hadn't happened, this might be a chance. Right.
No.
I
think
Yeah. But like it's kind of it's not specific I think the K pop, but it's sort of going on to the tradition of fan fandom or like band um where it's, you know, there's bad fans are like fans of the music, but then it's also very much also the person basically, the characters
that are creative which are, I mean like any manufactured group or and you know, it's yeah, it is they are manufactured characters as much as they might be based off of the real person. Who is there like the public facing thing. Like that's something that's being presented purposely um as
part of
their
party.
You know, a bunch of those as well. But yeah, no, the whole like BTS Army thing has been a real trip. Like I I think well, it's mostly into sort of been the K and the korean hip hop. Uh We sort of my in road into um korean pop music and it's really like new of BTS, but I never beyond like having them show up in like, you know, automatic playlist or whatever. I wasn't I didn't like I I still can't tell you who is who in the group. Um But uh yeah, I dove a little into that rabbit hole as well when suddenly BTS army was always trending over everything and I'm just like, huh? Us fascinating, wow.
Well, I've been trying to learn a couple of them further. Like uh one of the uh to anyone of to anyone's song, which is a three minutes a small girl group. Um Like that. So, I mean, one of the Legal Legend song has like a really really good dance to it. Um I've been trying I've been sort of trying to learn those ones for the past couple of, I'd say like for the past couple of years, every stop, I'd be like, all right. I have a week. Like how many moves make it, I get like, you know, 10 seconds worth of dance before. I didn't have time to work on it anymore. Um Yeah, I know some of that choreography insane. It's a it's a lot upon now um
what?
Well how?
Well,
Well that everything is coming from life
work.
Well,
but it's one of the repair, you know, there are so many people who are like technically and like vocal tone life, you know, great, really good singers, a really good vocalists um like lots of people and I feel like the competition shows a river, but at a certain point like your, like your instrument can be great, but like there's that thing which just has to come from inside the person that can't be replicated or faked or you know, and that sometimes you like if you have like that sometimes it's even better than, you know, the instrument is a little bit rusty or like there's something a little bit about it and it's just like, no, it's all about the best tool to express this.
I got a hat.
Well,
no.
What kind of dog?
my God.
Oh,
I'm not wrong,
Last
what? A moron.
I don't know.
So
what
not?
No, it's true though.
What? Yeah, David,
what I enjoy talking to you too. Thanks so much. And uh, yeah, all the best with your businesses, particularly a newer one and
uh all the best for Atlanta right now with everything
I'm on. I'm, well, my, my, what, my at least that my unemployment claim actually went through, which is better situation than a lot of people have had. Um and the one good party for his employment goes because I'm a union member.
I
don't get conversations with that because that's based on whoever your employer, whatever project everyone is. But health insurance is through the union rather than through individual theaters. Um So I do have health insurance for a while. Skills. Yeah, that's that's the good
part of that.
Yeah. Has been helping out a lot because it's it's the health insurance thing is you're going is right, I say it's right now it's working out well, but it's it potentially trouble down the line because it's the way that work. It's the league that um maintains health insurance and pensions and it's both, you know, dues from the members. Both.
Yes. Make me think. But also a large part of it is working dues which is, you know part of your patriot when you're working. And that also takes, you know from the employer as well. And nobody working.
So they're not any working dues or any employer contributions.
Uh
Thank you. You