Hello? Hello? Hello? Yeah, yeah. Yes. Mhm. Okay. Right, Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. No, come on. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Complete.
Hello?
Yeah, how are you?
I'm doing great. My name is David, it's nice to meet you.
I live in Atlanta Georgia. Where do you, where do you live?
I think the last time I did something similar to this, the person lived in new york as well. Okay.
Um you know, they're going they're still, you know, we're starting to reopen and we still have had quite a bit of protesting going on and um I know that our our spikes have not necessarily been as much as other states when it comes to, you know, the covid stuff. Um but uh you know, I still think a lot of people are hunkering down, but there is still a lot of people out and about and going to bars and it's like three o'clock in the morning and I had my, my condo looks down at a bar, there's just tons of people out and I'm like, oh God, what are you guys doing? You're just going to get yourself, you know, and I'm surrounded by a bunch of gay bars too, so God God knows what's being spread between everybody. Yeah.
You know, being
locked
up for months. Oh
yeah, I'm still connected. Do you see me? You can't see me at all.
It still says that it's recording and going,
well, that's yeah, strange. Does it just show a black screen or something?
Oh, that's so strange. Yeah, I still see you. Yeah.
No.
Yeah, I mean especially, you know, being an entertainment, you know, it's just like you said the first
to close and the last to reopen because people aren't, and even when you do, it's still not going to be to to what it was before, you know, there's going to be still social distancing in place. Yeah.
Oh,
so
Well,
I
mean, Yeah, because I mean you're seeing it in other areas, like, you know, um like like for drag queens now, like since people are going out to the clubs doing all of these, these streaming events that are $10 and their crowds are able to make a lot more money per night than than what they were doing in the live and you know, doing it live. So maybe there could be a mixed their opportunity for broadway to where, you know, you can still go and have the traditional, but then you might be able to start maybe streaming and getting a large base of audience because I've never been to a broadway show, I've been to new york a few times, so I've never been, but if I had an opportunity to probably stream it, I would,
you
know
awesome.
Maybe they're messing with us as part of the research study.
or,
and I think you're going to see that, I mean we're seeing that in a lot of businesses because I think a lot of businesses that were stuck in the nineties way of doing business and people need to be in their seats from 9 to 5 or whatever their timeframe is, they would not go to remote workers, they were kicking and screaming, it doesn't work for our model and then they were forced into it based on, you know, the virus and now they're saying, well we don't have to pay rent, we don't have to pay electricity, water, phone bill for internet. And employees tend to be more productive when they're working at home, they work more hours because, you know, you're at home, you know, I've done it for several years and that's always the case. And I went to working, you know, Probably 5-7 hours in my 40 hour work week. So when I went and worked from home, it was like 13 hour days. You know, waking up at five o'clock in the morning listening to music and, you know, working. So I think, I think we're going to see a lot of different, you know, or you know, be way beyond just, you know, these other creative spaces, you know, adopting this, we could change even though we're going to be, we're going to be all like hermits in like 50 years, no one's gonna
want to leave their house.
exactly. Are, you know, non profits were here, you know, where many of them don't necessarily have to have physical spaces and I work with nonprofits mostly. So they could utilize that money for physical spaces to further their their mission um and their causes, you know, for the communities that they're supporting. So I think that, you know, in return it could do a lot of good plus all this telemedicine stuff. You know, I feel like the um the mental health industry is failing a lot of people and this kind of open up the door for people to be able to get access to um two counselors and therapists, you know, uh that are way beyond their just regional reach. Because I mean, I've witnessed people in my life struggle trying to get help in the mental health industry, um you know, so it's interesting to see where, you know, because I sit there and I think about this stuff, you know, all the time, I smoked large, large amounts of pot, and then I sit there and I think about, like, life, Exactly university, you know, the day.
yeah, so, you know, where, you know, double amputee, you know, veteran would have a hard time getting about, they could easily work in their home environment, you know, uh and, you know, demonstrate their full capabilities, because I think a lot of right now, we we cut off a lot of people in this country and, you know, we stick people in boxes and we make it really, really hard for them to get out of those boxes, like people that are stuck on food stamps and public assistance. It's, you know, it becomes as soon as they start making a little bit of money, the amount that they take away from them way our balance is a little bit amount that they're making. And it makes it not, you know, them struggling more trying to get out of poverty and we we create this vicious cycle where people, you know, just can't get out of it, you know,
and then things
like
this happen.
To qualify for an additional symptoms.
there's nothing we can do. Yeah. It's, I think, I think it's like, you know, I was born in America and there's lots of aspects that I love about America and it's like I'm not necessarily anti capitalist, you know, where capitalism plant as a role in the play, but there's so much broken in our country. And yet there's so many people that hold on to same tradition and foundation and constitution. When you look at us compared to all these other countries, we're like a brand new freaking country and what do you mean? Tradition and constitution? We've only been around for a couple of 100 years like now is the fucking time to change this
shit, Like not like hold on to it acting like we've been around since the roman days, like that's not the case. Like we're setting ourselves up to fail eventually
as as a country and if not now and if not in our lifetime, you know in the lifetimes of our Children and our Children's Children and and I think that there's a lot that needs to be done and a lot of people in government right now that are la la la la la la la. It's just like what what, what's happening, you know? Yeah.
Uh
Yeah and I think you know the access to like you know things change like the weapons thing like you can get a fucking bazooka now or a tank like where do we like stop at wind is like not as you know enough or the access to the internet. So it's I think you know we have all of this fighting between the local level and the state level and then the federal level when really we're all connected to a point where it's easy to kind of govern us all in the same manner where we don't need all of these different layers that are eating up large amounts of resources you know or you know our health care like I don't understand how we don't do it. You know all these other countries are able to show how they are able to have a different type of structure. Um And we
have
these insurance companies.
Yeah you're like no no.
Uh huh. You know we have these insurance companies that they understand the industry but yet they monopolize on on the structure that the US has set up. So you know they make all of this money without any oversight. And I kind of feel like there's a way to arrange it to where there's a hierarchy to where you know regionally you have, you know coverage based on insurance carriers and every doctor and every hospital needs to be like underneath it. And I feel like there's probably a lot of people in the U. S. Just people that have ideas of bettering the government. And if we could just combine all of our thoughts together and then pick the best of it and go look government, do their check, you know, it would be better off.
So.
Uh huh. Yeah. Uh my own uh to companies. So one of them is a nonprofit specific payroll organization, so where my partner of various payroll companies and then resell it at a discounted rate, none of the customer service guy. And um my other one is working with nonprofits, state associations um to help increase their revenue as well as member of retention. Um And then some trainers and I just launched that one. I'm good at website design. So um this is like I don't know like the sixth or seventh company that I've started, but eventually I'm just gonna make lots and lots of money because anybody that you see that millionaires, you know, they'll all tell you that they've started like a bunch of companies, you know, and I don't care about how much money I'm not making, that's not like my goal. Like I get uh more satisfaction of doing good work than I do about getting paid, you know? So, um, I was working at a training organization that was specific for nonprofits for 10 years. Um, and then I'm my boyfriend, I'm gay. Um, uh, he was like, do you want to like go off on a sailing adventure? So I was like, yeah, I want to put my job and go on a sailing adventure. So we
both like quit our jobs. We sold all of our belongings, we took our dog and or cat and got a sailboat and went sailing around the Bahamas. Um, and that's when I started the payroll business and then Hurricane Dorian came along And we had to tie up our boat, we went to a hotel room. Um, we were stuck in the bathroom for 20 hours while the building crumbled down around us with our dog and our cat. Um The part of the condo flooding on the second floor and then our boat got dismasted. We were stuck on the island for four days. We had to like loot for food because we had like no food or whatever and everything was just, you know, like the guy running the place was like the cops taking alcohol right now, just go and get what you need. Um
and then and then and then it was up for us to get rescued. So like when the little planes were coming in bringing in supplies, I realized like being stuck on the tarmac for like six hours that it was going to be up for us. So I started running around two planes begging for people for rides. And then we got a ride to another island and then two days later we came back. So now we're back in land, we weren't ever planning to come back on land. We were planning on staying out there forever. Um and then it's a good story though, right? Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. You know, coming back though with like, like, you know, because like I had this sense that, you know, I'm never going to die. I think a lot of guys do, but I was just like, I'm never going to die. And then I was faced with my own mortality because I was in the bathroom going, oh God, I don't want to die, I don't want to die, I don't want to die. And you know, every time like I'm holding on to the door and there's like a £300 man on the other side, you know? And so when I got back, it like messed me up. I was like thinking about life and death because I'm not very religious, but I believe there's something more, but I believe everyone's wrong, but everyone is probably a little right. So then I'm sitting here like thinking about life and death and consciousness and quantum physics, you know, I'm trying to sit here and relate all of this stuff and I got to the point where I'm like I'm sending myself into panic attacks. So then I had to go and see a doctor and go and start like talking to my therapist about like you know about it all because it was, you know, spending me off into as an existential crisis. Mhm, wow.
Yeah. So tell me a little bit about you, I just told you, you know something fun
and
china
a little bit about yourself.
that's awesome.
No
well it was probably good for your soul you know to process it all you know like you know.
Yeah I totally you know I totally get it especially because you know because since you said it was like your first big like you know over trip so there's another component to that all outside of all of the other personal stuff is
you know because it's I think a lot of people and you can tell the people that haven't traveled that live in the U. S. To other countries because it gives you a certain appreciation to where you're from you know your surroundings, it gives you appreciation for other cultures like other things that you really love and so there's so many fucking feelings and sorry I swear like a sailor you
you
know so the things you singing Uh huh. Um So you know but then there was again that whole personal thing because you know you were adopted from them and did you know did your parents did you grow up knowing that that you were adopted from a young age there? Did they wait until a certain age to tell you?
Yeah I guess.
When?
Uh huh.
Look at that that you even like recognizing because I think that's what's wrong with a lot of white people that they would walk around not realizing that their segments of our population that are never represented are never acknowledged. It's all centered around this white you know male and female universe and they almost take it for granted. So then when racial issues get brought up there's a large segment that's going it doesn't exist because it doesn't exist for them. They don't see it, they're not affected
by, you know, they're not they're not in the realm of I live in the world where everybody looks like me and then if
you don't
feel like they connect with anybody,
you know?
Yeah. Oh well that was
weird. You just jumped. What happened? I see your blue screen in your glasses. You hear me? Hello? Hello? Hello?
Can you hear me? Right, okay, okay, cool. Do you see
me?
That's so weird. You kind of frozen on my
end.
Is
we're having having technical problems. Did you come back? Oh no. Okay, cool.
Are we good?
I think we're having some issues here.
Oh, and
now I lost
you. Now you went
to a great screen, We're going to give it a few minutes. Are you mr researcher, man or woman? Our young men, young women. There we go. Hello, So you're back.
that's much
better. I can see you like clear now. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It feels strange. Your phone gives me a clear, you know, signal than than that uh your internet.
you're you're blocking before so I can never really even actually see you, you know, you know, as a gay man, so I hope you don't get offended, but you are unbelievably gorgeous. Just you know,
you're probably beating beating guys off a stick out there.
Do
you trust in your like, don't really approach me.
Do you have like, do you have people say like, inappropriate like that they don't think are inappropriate racial things to you while they're trying to pick you up? Like guys?
You know, I have the urge to cat call and say really inappropriate things to hot guys walking down the street just so they understand how it feels
well
that
I had an employee once. Um and she said that there was like, I asked that because there was a lot of white guys that would walk up to her and say things like uh hey, I could use a little asian persuasion in my life and like, are you really hot for an asian girl and like things that are like, like really offensive, but yet they don't realize they're being offensive. So I didn't know like, and that was happening to her in like Atlanta in L. A. And las Vegas. You're in new york. So I didn't know if like it doesn't matter where the fuck you go to guys fucking
you.
it,
I
think
it
does. Well that's a good way of looking at it. It's all under the cat calling inappropriate umbrella.
Like that's going to get you to get you to respond.
It's
so, it's
just,
it's interesting you posed that question because like I primarily get along better with straight guys. So I have a lot of, I've had a lot of straight guy friends in the past and I've been in the cars with them and I'll be places with them and then they will do and say things that are like so inappropriate and I have to check them. Like you realized she doesn't want to respond back to you while you're yelling at her out of my car. Like, like that fucking song, you know, I don't want no scrubs
like
like,
but
I've noticed it is, it is, it is, it is not them every time it's not them about like a power thing. It's them being that blindly conceded in themselves thinking that you want it, that you want, that reaction that you want. You know them, it is, it is, it is a delusional can like,
you know, you know, just like, you know, when you're in, you know, in a gay club guys, you know, the only times I've been molested in my life being inside of a gay club, like you get groped in approached in urinals and you know, all of the stuff that really women deal with, like gay men just do it to each other on open. You know, it's not necessarily that I minded. I haven't in the past, you know, it's just something that I've observed that,
you know, the way men react and act to the people that they're attracted to is, you know, really inappropriate. I can probably say that I understand it a little bit because not, not because I've acted so inappropriate so many fucking times, it's not unbelievable. And the only way I justified to my friend is like, when a guy gets corn or turned on or whatever he does and says things that are like, almost not in his control, it's
like he's being driven by the penis, the penis is telling him what to do, what to say,
and it won't change until whatever, whatever, whatever the penis once it gets, and then, and then all of that stuff, then you start to regret and think, well, maybe I shouldn't have done that or said this or done that. Like, you'll start to regret the things that you've done, like, and I've been there, I've regretted it. I mean instantly, right after it's like, oh, I should have done that,
You know, I'm like, I, I, I kind of get it because I am driven by the same like guy things and um, I have been compelled to yell things out that straight guys walking down the street just because they're hot and they should probably deserve to
get to hear, you know, you have something really
inappropriate said to them, you know, as someone is driving by like, hey baby, whip it out or some stupid shit. Yeah. Uh huh
uh, this has been a fun conversation again. Like I've done this type of thing once before and the guy was not, I had to do all of the talking. He was not very interactive with me. You know, you are all engaging and fun to talk to.
I have the same
type of approach area. I'm going, I like to stay at home.
I went down
the K. Pop rabbit hole. There's these um vice, there's a vice show on hulu and um that they do one episode a month and it's like vice news reporting and they had a K. Pop episodes. That's where I went down the K pop rabbit hole. Besides like being confused when they have been flooding people's hashtags before
all
the traces stuff because I'm all for when they were drowning out all this other stuff. I was just confused. I would see something trending and it would be like George and then I would go click on it. It's just like video after video after video K pop like singing and like bromance things that seem like like these guys have like sexual relationships that the fans are hoping they have or I don't know it's like it's a whole another culture that I know nothing about.
Take characters.
I
didn't
know
that they that they all get their jobs by doing competitions. It's like american idol like type of thing.
Now do you sit alone in your apartment learning the K. Pop dance is?
I went down the rabbit hole on twitter so many times. It's like here I am going ready to go fight with some fucking, you know, trump supporter or some racist. A mass. And then I go down the K pop rabbit hole because of the hashtag. It's just I'll spend so much time just scrolling down all these videos and I don't know why
like it's not even like I'm really listening actively listening to this music. Um And it's not like I'm I've liked music from all sorts of different places in the world. It's not like I'm stuck within a really, you know, eclectic music and people say that a lot, but it's really, really like the case with me, like I'll listen to fucking anything from like the forties to now in every genre from almost like any country, you know, like one of my favorite artist is a rap rave group, rap rave group from South Africa called dance Word and I just fucking love them. They're just weird and it's, you know, like
wave group from uh from South Africa. So then they speak in, you know african african, so then it's like and english and then they go back and forth between the two so that I'm sitting there singing words that I have no idea what I'm like singing, you know, and then I'll listen to Edith piaf, which is, you know, french, you know, with her big, crazy bunny eyebrows. Uh
but my favorite is uh Nina Simone. I love I love Nina Simone more than you know I love Nina Simone because she sings songs that other people sing that are happy but with like sadness in her soul.
Yeah from years of really you know oppression and hardship and you know struggling and it's just you know here comes the sun is just it's heartbreaking when she sings that song
like it is not the happy like it comes the sun.
No it's like it's like the relief from years of pain. Here comes the sun. It is not a happy, it is not a happy song in my opinion when she sings it. Right?
You want you want that that that the wear and tear e gives it gives a history, gives it life, gives it you know a place where you're coming from. Then you get people like you know Amy Winehouse and you know like that where you could you could hear it in their voice and then you have to get like the generic people like they go to the competition competitions that don't make it very far. They stay on Youtube because yeah, well they're good at re singing people's songs and maybe even writing their own. They're missing that bit of that, bit of that hurt. And most of them have it. It's usually the hurt. It's usually you have you have to been hurt, struggled, you know, battered views, drug addicted, whatever it may be. You know, like it usually makes a better artist regardless of whatever they're out they're out. You know, their output is whether it be because, you know, you're an artist and a lot of people will look at someone in the theater and they'll just credit you as an artist, but, you know, you're an artist, you know, you're an artist in probably, you know, and it's truest form because you're striking an emotion that that is not necessarily what you're feeling at the moment, or striking a chord, you know, beyond it is raining enlightening. And I hope my internet, my internet is going to like,
it's like storming
out here. My dog is gonna kill me because I did this and I didn't take her out beforehand.
You see, we're gonna walk out there and it's gonna be like pouring down and she's gonna look at me with the most filthiest look. Mhm.
She's a pit bull mix. She was like 20 years of friends. Where is she must she must have been shouldn't have left her up. It will mix right here, hold on to me. Mhm.
Mhm. Okay.
All
I found her almost nine years ago on the stage was driving by going home from work. It was about a block from my house and I drive by a dog and has no hair, pustules all over its body and blood running everywhere. And I go, oh she could be such a pretty dog. And I stopped and I go, honey. And then she like bends down and peas and I get her into my car and I take her to the vet When the vet thought she was going to die. So fast forward $2,000 later She was on the road to recovery. So fast forward 10 months after that and my ex accidentally let her run off and she got hit by a car. So then she should bones sticking out of the front of her both of our lives. So she was in shock. So I take her to the vet and they're like, OK, or put her to sleep. So I begged borrowed, plead installed whatever I had to do and then got her fixed. So she has titanium plates now in both of her front legs. So like I love her, we have been through so much together like she is the most amazing dog. Like I love her,
you know? Yeah,
yeah, she's my little, my little Little $10,000 Puppy. But Um
and she's bossy and she hated the sailboat. Like she, I thought she was going to be able to learn to pee on the little fake grass that I had on the sailboat. She held it for 36 hours for 36 hours until we got to the Bahamas. And I had to get her off the boat. Well before we even checked in through customs because I'm like, she has to go like she's going to get a urinary tract infection which she did. Um and then from that point on we couldn't stay gone longer, you know, we had every day be attached to land when we were planning on that. So she changed what we were planning on doing because we should have been through the Panama canal before the hurricane rolled through really, but not with her,
you know, because that wasn't gonna work, which I'm kind of glad like the hurricane was a blessing in disguise. Like it was horrible to, you know, lots of people died and we're missing. It was devastating. Um but if we would have outlasted that we could have been stuck because of quarantine with no food, no one allowing us on, on land with the dogs. That wouldn't go like we could have been in a really, really difficult spot, you know, if that hurricane would have happened, which I hate looking back at like being involved in like a bomb almost, you know, it was like the most
horrifying experience ever. And then going, thank God that happened so that we didn't get stuck, you know,
in some country with not being allowed to go on land,
you know? Um, but you are wonderful to talk to. This has been such a pleasant experience. It was a lesson,
Yeah. David, You're good. Yeah, I just, I really enjoyed talking to you. This is a great experience.
Thank you.
Yeah. And fingers crossed that, you know, you're gonna be going back going back and working. Are you at least making some like getting some type of compensation from uh, what are you part of? Like a, uh, like a nonprofit like?
Union that before, Don't you get
compensated?
There's
an actor's guild nonprofit that pays into the fund that helps pay for the insurance with all this stuff from everyone from tv actors to movie actors all the way down to theater. So I just learned about that a couple weeks ago, but I'm glad
through.
So,
so they're struggling now as well. Yeah. Well, fingers crossed that everything, you know, works out and comes back and again. You're our pleasure to freaking talk to and all luck with everything and um, well, lighting. Oh,
awesome. Okay. Well, it's great talking to you and good luck with everything.
Bye.