I don't know if we can start right away. I think it said that you might be here. I'm jenny by the way, nice to meet you.
I guess it just get started. Um
So why are do you do prolific a lot or?
just having some spare cash pay for netflix and all that stuff you know that's good. Uh So what part of the country are you in
Kansas city Arkansas? Yeah.
I'm very bad and um everything about the U. S. Which is unfortunate because I also live here, I'm in um Wisconsin so yeah what times what time is it by you?
Oh same. Okay. Yeah sometimes I'm just super bad at geography, that's fine. Um So I think we're just supposed to talk about stuff, Is there any stuff you want to talk about?
I love trivia. Okay
I have
I haven't done that yet but it seems really interesting. Uh I just I don't know I'm skeptical skeptical because I think people would cheat more so I just don't want to, you know? Well
Yeah
that's too bad. Used to do. Yeah I used to do it like every week um there's one called geeks who drink up here. I don't know if you have in Missouri but um It's a really fun one and I I always lose a trivia so I'm not I'm not super good at it but I think it's really fun.
now that I have your recommendation maybe I'll try it out.
if you can't get the free beer so
right hopefully when this is all over it will be easy to go back. Is um is Missouri easing up restrictions right now?
Yeah. Yeah um I'm Wisconsin. Uh it's by county and I'm in dane county, so that's where Madison is and we're still say at home safer at home whatever, so nothing's open but there's take out still, so I'm ordering a lot of take out, it's a good time. Uh
Yeah I there's a few places I want to go to when uh when I can um there's this place called Flix brewhouse, I don't know if they have that down south but it's just a it's just a theater but you can get food and beer. Thank you. Yeah it's awesome because uh and they also they're super strict about talking in the theater so you can report people because they're all buttons, you can just tattle when people are talking
in
the theater, which is nice or playing on their phone. No, I'm excited. Too excited to be able to go to that again. But we'll see. Crazy times. Crazy. Crazy times. Were you uh are you a mask wearer?
Yeah. Um I had to make my own and I'm I'm pretty bad at sewing, but thankfully uh I found some painters respirators. So anyway, yeah, so I have a couple of those, which is nice, but I don't think I'd wear that to a movie, I don't think that'll be fun. Are comfortable, so I have to wait a longer time for everything to be okay.
that's so nice. That's so nice. Maya, my mom is more of a creature, so I think all the holes in crochet.
Do you have any pets?
Can I can I see her?
Oh, she's so cute. Hi mom, that's
great.
Oh, I have to have a cat, but he's not around right now.
His name is Pugsley. He's big and orange. I uh I don't have any actual pictures of him in here, but this is an artist's commission of me and my boyfriend and our cat. So he'll he might come by at some point but we'll see. Yeah. Oh gosh it was balancing on a shelf and now I've okay it's good. Good. So um oh
that's okay, how old is phase li
five? Yeah my cats like, I don't know how old he is because we adopted him but he's probably probably 10.
what?
Yeah it's good to adopt, that's we have so much in common. What the heck, what are these algorithms uh
What do you do for fun when there's not a global pandemic? Oh
what else do you do? Yeah. How? Oh
I don't
think,
I don't
think,
but
Dominion has an online version right now, so I've been playing that with my friends, it's a deck builder game, it's good. Oh
yep I have two older sisters and an older brother, they're all they're all in Wisconsin too, but they're more north, so they live near our parents. Um Which is good because I don't know because uh Dane County has a lot a lot of cases. Um Not as bad as Milwaukee. Um But I'm trying to not you know, infect them with my germs, so I haven't been really able to see him, so it didn't get to see my mom on Mother's Day, which was kind of a bummer, but you know it is for the best. How about you? Do you have any siblings? Yeah
come on, are they in the same area as you? My
but
Oh I'm a user experience designer, so it's kind of like a website. Okay, you know what that is? Um
What do you do?
cool. When I was younger I wanted to be a librarian's. That's very awesome. Uh. Oh that are you able to do anything right now or you kind of just on hold?
That's good. Yeah I am I've been really lucky. I haven't lost my job or lost any hours. Um And now there has my boyfriend. So super lucky but like all of my friends are unlimited hours or lost their jobs. It's insane there. Yeah.
Crazy crazy times. This is so weird. I uh when it was first happening and people were like freaking out I asked if swine flu was this bad and I was so foolish because not even swine flu was a walk in the park compared to this. Uh huh. Yeah.
Right. It's crazy how bad is um the Kansas city area with infection rates?
Ask?
Yeah I have a I have a friend in new york and a couple in one in D. C. And one in Baltimore. So they're all in super populated cities so it's super freaky. They fortunately don't know anybody who's passed yet so that's good. But yeah new york's crazy. New york is crazy. I can't imagine. I was there for a trip back in february. I asked one of my friends like should I wear a mask on the airplane and they said no no no it's not going to get that bad over here. Uh Here we are. Crazy stuff.
Yeah. Yeah I think Wisconsin was pretty early too but since it's the midwest you know nothing happens here. You would think so. I guess he did a pretty good job everywhere is easing up and I personally think it's a little too soon to be easing up but it's it's
hard
to weigh both sides, so uh just
Platinum
Well uh new Zealand apparently is opening up schools again, so they're doing a pretty good job. South Korea was letting people go to bars and stuff, but apparently they're getting their way too, so they're kind of looking at another shutdown, but uh Mhm. Yeah. You talk about fun things. What's the last movie you watched?
of it, I don't think I see. Oh wait no, never mind. I got excited. I don't I don't think I've seen anything about this is good,
is it? Uh It's like a high school romance. Okay. Yeah, I might like that. I am. I got Disney plus. So I've been watching um some nostalgic stuff like don't look under the bed, I don't know if you know that one, but uh It's a really good one. Good, it's terrible, but I like it, you
know?
Yeah. Yeah, comforting stuff right now is essential. I've been watching a lot of bob's burgers too because you know, do you have a favorite tv show?
Thank you.
I'm um I got to the movie and then I didn't watch, I didn't watch steven Universe Future at all. Is that any good?
Okay. Yeah, I am. I got to the episode right before he took Jasper into the school because um it's I think it was doing it weekly and I lose patients because you know, so he's breathing. But I might have to watch student steven Universe Future. But yeah, that's one of my top ones too. I uh yeah, my um my boyfriend makes fun of me for watching that one because I'll cry when I watch it
for my release.
Yeah. Yeah, I was trying to good um Mhm.
I had a month earlier. I have a it's just a pink one with a star on it. But it's
like the only steven universe merch I own. But that that's probably in the kitchen because I drink coffee out of it this morning. But do you collect a lot of merch for shows and stuff?
Yeah. I have a
Doctor Who lamp. You can see that. Yeah. So that's when I'm reading out here. It is. My desk is messy. Sorry,
I don't know if this thing's plugged in. Um It like it lights up because it's a lamp of course, but like the inside is that artist and it makes a new makes a wound noise because you can actually open it. It's it might it might be dead, that's okay. Yeah. What's the weather like down there?
Yeah. It's raining up here right now too which is too bad. I like to go foraging so it's morale season up here. I haven't
found any go figure. But um do you look forward drink?
It's uh it's real good because it's an excuse to get out in the woods and you just look for mushrooms and morals are delicious so you're just on your hands and knees in the sticks just trying to find little mushrooms. So it's it's a lot about adventure so it's really good hobby for this time of year but it's a little it's perfect weather for mushrooms to grow but it's a little too wet to get in the thick of it and I can't find any good spots this year or last year. There's this other mushroom called a dry add saddle which is also called a pheasant back and I've been finding a lot of those. At least I've been able to collect those but having a hard time with the delicious secret mushrooms. Yeah. Okay please.
Yeah. Okay.
thankfully. Uh Foraging can be a solo activity so. Mhm. Um There's another it's more foraging stuff but ramps is another good one. I don't know I don't know if there are ramps in Missouri. This might be too, I know Kansas should get Missouri. Kansas city should get ramps because there I think like California is kind of where they stop but see. Yeah. Yes there are two species of wild leeks in Missouri there it's fun, it's probably over down there. Um But if you're looking for weird hobby finding finding things to eat in the forest is one of my recommended ones. Yeah. Um Yeah I'm just looking if morals might be up by you still. Okay.
It could be maybe into june okay. The season in Missouri lasts from late March to early May so it might be done if you want to take a road trip up to Iowa, could have luck there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Do you uh do you take road trips when it's about?
I don't think I've I've okay. Trying to think. I don't think I've ever been to Missouri. Oh wait I've been to ST louis so I've been the Missouri a little bit, the tiniest bit of being in Missouri. Do you ever get over there? It's kind of a
What?
like
you're
kind of
Mhm. There's a zoo there. I really like zoos. Your most people, I think dudes are kind of falling out of fashion because the way they treat animals but I'm still super into zoos unfortunately. I love the cute animals in Madison. There's a, there's one called Henry Vilas and it's a free zoo and it's not as big as the one in ST louis but it's nice and they treat the animals really well, so yeah,
thankfully.
Never smoked, cute, wow. How long have you lived there here? Kansas city? Mm hmm.
okay, Okay. Kansas I don't know much about Kansas.
Kansas, yeah. Yeah.
Well, a lot of that in Wisconsin too, but we have a lot of forests, we have those big pine forests. So I grew up in the northern part of the state. Now I'm in the south part and used to go camping a lot. I'm actually gonna go camping this weekend for Memorial Day, way up north. Um Min Aqua. That probably means nothing to you. I don't know if you're googling stuff as you talk to me because you know nothing about Wisconsin the way I know nothing about the entirety of the United States. But yeah, I recently I realized, I don't know where all the states are. So I
started
doing, um, like grade school quizzes to like quits myself. Like, okay, where's Idaho? Where is Utah? Um,
so I'm pretty good, Pretty good about those, but the city is within them is much more difficult. Yeah. Mm.
Get any big plans for Memorial Day.
Yeah.
Oh yeah. Okay. I am, I'm pretty good at draw fel. I'll say, uh,
what's, what's the one where you can design t shirts?
That one's less fun to me than, but it's still solid. There's another, it's um, like the fibbing game that's not draw awful as one of them. But um, Is this footage, is that a dragon? The box one yes. Yes.
Yes.
May
have put
up
your
butt
were
kept. What's your favourite 1? Uh
it's quite
Yeah. Okay. I I played that one to my friend has them all. I don't know the party the party pack so she has them. I don't have them. I wish I owned them. But it's like one friend group owns it and another friend group owns it. Am I buying it? Just to play other people?
Yeah it's I don't know there's um well if you're only doing virtual but once you can get back with your friends there's a game, I'm looking at my game shelf, betrayal, House on the Hill. That was super fun. It's a good role playing game. It's not it's not like super role playing but you're all like uh there's different characters but it's kind of like a clue setup. So a bunch of people are gathering at a house and then you're moving around the house and discovering different parts of it. And then eventually you trigger the beast. Um And there's a whole book of different beast so it could be like a zombie, it could be a vampire, it could be a witch, all that kind of stuff And then one person has to go off and the people who are left. So if you're like six players, one monster and then five players. So the five
of you have to beat the monster or the monster beats all of you. And they went and that was that was super fun
question
Yeah I've been meaning to join so many things like that but I I live here for like three years but I refuse to make more friends because it's a rich so much easier to just hang out with the same 10 people. Um Yeah I should have. I also have uh Catan which we never play and then um forbidden desert. Another deck builder A. D. C. Deck builder called Forever Evil. My boyfriend really likes deck builder games. I'm not super into them. But like some. Yeah.
Yeah I online game a lot too. I play a lot of Overwatch. That's probably what I play mostly. I play too much Overwatch before we were talking. I was playing Overwatch and as soon as we're done I'm going to get back to playing some Overwatch. It's a good time. There's do you play any online video games?
Mhm. That's a good choice. They're quite the time. Sync. Yeah. Hey? Yeah. Oh you said you were between two shows, steven Universe and what was the other one? Mhm.
I saw the first season of that that once acute one.
Do you watch a lot of cartoons? Have you started the hollow on netflix?
It's
okay. I wouldn't we watched the first season. I don't know if we're gonna watch the second season because the animation is super weird but the ones on netflix um What's a really good 1? Oh did you see that avatar? The last airbender just went on to Netflix. Are you a fan of avatar?
man you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta wow. Yes yes if you have time right now I would watch it. Um But the same people who did that one did another one called dragon prints and that one have you seen that one?
Okay I don't want super good. Uh Oh Pendleton Ward who did Adventure Time is working with um Darren something to make The Midnight Gospel and it's a really gory one so I don't know like
okay yeah it's a bit of a head trip but Middleton words so I watched it now, I cried of course. Uh So I I recommend that one, but it's do you like rick and morty?
Okay. Uh Did you watch Super jail
trying to think of the Glory ones? Do you watch a lot of anime?
Okay because it's it's hard to gauge like if you have a stomach for it because it's it's really gross but it's
also about this guy, it's like a lot of philosophy which is fun. Also crazy but yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Mhm.
Good. Okay.
The owl house. Okay.
Okay Alex No he was creator. Um
Oh really? That's so cool. I love gravity pulls. Have you seen um have you seen over the garden wall? Oh God. Yeah. Okay that was super good. And it's wholesome. I don't have to know trigger warnings for weird bloody stuff one.
Okay. The owl house? Yeah, I haven't seen this one at all. Okay. We'll check it out. How far are you in it?
All
so it's new. I haven't seen anything about this. Uh it looks super cute. It kind of looks like uh Star vs. The forces of Evil. Have you seen that 1? Okay. Yeah, that one's good too.
is it the same? No, I was Googling it. Uh and then this one called amphibious to well, there's an article about amphibian, the owl house and more coming to Disney channel and it had a picture of Star versus about Arabs of evil, but for forces of evil, uh that one was good. I didn't watch that one until was finished because I hadn't had any awareness of it. I'm kind of glad you did though, because it was a really good one for binge watching.
Yeah she did. Uh huh. I'm kind of sad that it's over. I think that might have been one of my favorites.
Are you uh are you a predator? Okay. Yeah. The steven Universe subreddit? Um All that fan aren't so that's probably what kept me going through the show because all the hiatus is, you
know,
it's closing in,
you know? But yeah that's good. There's a she doesn't do that much steven steven universe fan art. But uh I can't remember the editor's name but she did a few steven universe fan arts and then um treated fan art for the Adventure Zone which is a podcast. So I'm going to see if I can find her. Oh Sheila really did like a 2 2nd clip by them, right? E. x. 0. 95. That's not easy to remember. But she does fine arts but she does Harry Potter ones. Have you seen that? I think they got some traction because um of course they're awesome but they're on secretary potter subreddit and she also does some for the Adventure Zone and she used to do steven Universe fan art but she was like one of my favorites. But I don't I don't know she's done a lot since then and she might have done less steven Universe fan art than the Adventure Zone. So I'm probably more excited about her adventures on stuff. Do you listen to any podcasts?
That's fair. I really like um my favorite murderer. Yeah because I I like gore um
I think I've been 25 minutes unless you want to keep talking and I want to cut you off. But
oh God I'm such a gabby. Okay I'll
let you go. It was nice to meet you Elizabeth. Have fun in campus.
to meet you by