Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Hi,
Hi, I'm Elizabeth. Yeah. Mhm.
Well
um I kind of fell off using it for a while, but I'm trying to get back into doing it. Mhm
Um I'm in the Kansas city area.
Kansas slash Missouri, I'm on the Kansas life,
UG 4 26.
Um Let's see. Um Well um I guess I could talk about one thing I enjoy doing in my spare time. Um My friends and I usually go, well obviously not right now, but usually we go every week um to a local restaurant and play like bar trivia and
and yeah, there's a lot of fun actually right now, they're kind of doing it like streaming online, so we
did that right,
on on the one we use there's like a chat function and you have to hide the chat function because people will just, you know the answer. Mhm,
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, geeks who drink is who we are as you were. Yeah,
yeah, it's a lot of fun. Um you know, we don't necessarily take it super seriously. Mhm.
I know right.
Um Yeah, yeah, we there's uh they like just recently um lifted the stay at home our order, so I'm easing back into, you know, kind of not quite normal life yet, but you know.
Mhm.
I don't
know.
Yeah. Well yeah, when uh when I go to the grocery store or something?
Yeah, yeah, my mom is a bit, she loves to so so she made us all mad,
Yeah, that's how we want to go. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, I have a dog, basically, she's actually sitting over here next week.
I'll see you guys in 38.
like
parking herself on the street?
No.
decided to break? Yeah,
Um let's see I think she's about five.
Yeah. Yeah that's I adopted paisley as well so I'm not completely sure but you know based on how old they thought she was when I
adopted her.
Yeah.
C
another
thing
I like
doing
is playing
like four games and card games. Yeah.
Do you have any siblings?
I have two younger brothers.
my
one brother and his family live fairly close but then my other brother is a little bit further away. Uh huh. So what do you do for a job?
come on.
Um I'm a librarian. Yeah.
Um we are sort of working from home um we have like a chat reference, so I I get on there, you know, every once in a while.
Uh huh.
Yeah,
we we really haven't had it very bad. Um We've had some we've had some deaths but um
pretty low compared to, you know, like other places in the country.
Yeah. Yeah. I think um I think Kansas city kind of did it right in the um I mean we weren't, you know, necessarily one of the first to shut down or anything, but once they kind of realized what was coming, you know?
Winter
too.
I mean, I know, I know people are sick of it. I know they don't want to do it anymore, but at the same time I feel like if we could just, you know, stay at home a little bit longer, it would help, but
they're not gonna do that.
Um let me see and trying to think what I watched um oh there's um this movie on netflix, the half of it. Uh I just watched that the other day. Yeah. Mm
It's cute, cute maybe.
sometimes
the silly shows are really comforting.
um um kind of between favorite tv shows, I feel like uh one of my favorites steven universe, like just
ended within the past couple months, so
um it's good, it's not quite as good as like the original Syria's, but it has some interesting plots.
I,
I mean that makes sense. It's all about it's like the field,
Mhm.
Well,
a little bit, a little bit,
Yeah.
Yeah, it's
Um It has been like a gray and raining kind of on and off.
and
I haven't been. Uh huh,
Yeah. Yeah,
I live in an apartment complex. So usually I would try to take my dog like out to the dog park or something. Um But you know right now with social distancing, it's like probably that. Uh huh.
Mhm. Yeah, mm. Mhm.
Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Mhm.
Mhm
mm. Yeah. Thanks.
Mhm. Mhm.
Not super often that every once in a while yeah.
I haven't been over there for I
mean I think I went there one time like
years
ago
on vacation or something, I'm
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah there's a zoo in Kansas city but I haven't been there, but the other day they posted um they took the penguins over to the art museum. Can you?
just moved to the Kansas city area um like a year and a half ago but but I've lived in Kansas uh in different places most of my life.
Um It's flat uh it's uh it's pretty rural state for the most part, a lot of farming.
Yeah.
it's
not
that
Yeah.
Uh He don't think oh I think some of my friends and I are getting together to play um
like Jack box games.
Pay for your okay. Um
Oh yeah I don't remember what that one is called, I played that one too.
Yes
I think we may have
played
that one
the last
time
we were
together
there's there's like a trivia
one and you don't answer the it's like you lose lives or something and then the last person who is still alive with.
Yeah. Yeah I don't know, I don't under either, I've always played it through other people who had it.
and
yeah I think I played that one time
we I used to go to like a uh monthly board game night before, you know, Lockdown.
Yeah.
Um No, not not usually.
was, that was kind of the one that ended recently. Um Yeah, Oh, have you ever seen Hilda on netflix?
Yeah, so there's supposed to be a second season this fall, I think, so that will be fun.
No, I haven't watched that
one.
I have not watched it before, but maybe,
No, I haven't seen that one either.
Yeah, yeah, I'm not sure because I've seen like previews and I'm not sure if I really like that one.
Um I haven't watched very much of it,
no, I no, I didn't watch on
um Not not really I've watched like a little bit
Well
Mhm.
Yeah
I've also been watching um the owl house which is on
Disney or Disney xd.
It's from one of the animators from gravity Falls.
Yeah he actually is on there like as a voice.
but mhm.
Um they've only aired like maybe 11 episodes I think. Yeah.
Thank you.
I was feeling, mm mhm
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't start watching steven Universe until like I don't know the third or fourth season so I binge like the three or 4 seasons.
Yeah. Yeah. I really liked it and it's yeah it's sad that it's it's done now.
I
know
I know.
Um It's hard for me to pay attention to podcasts, so I I usually don't. Mhm. Yes.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, yeah, my little timer says 36 minutes.
No, that's okay, that's good.
next to meet you. Mhm.