it's a Oh what? I said I'm gonna be on a video. I'm gonna have to meet my mic for just two minutes. Sorry, my husband's playing Xbox.
Sorry. I had totally forgot about it. So give me like 25 minutes. It'll be like 25 minutes. So I'm playing textbooks.
No, actually you're sitting there. I'm sorry. But
yeah, I totally forgot about it. And here lately I think I've waited what, three times for people to show up and just never have. Yeah.
What
happened?
I walked in and I walked into the living room. I was like, oh crap. But uh yeah, I avoided I think three times for people. Yeah.
you're lucky. I
avoided three times. Um She three times in the last week. And nobody Mm Hmm. And you only get dollar 50 if they did that, you know? And so yeah. But at least the others were like in the middle of the middle of the afternoon. I do better at night.
I'm a night out. I always have been um you know, I mean I go to the gym, well, when the gym's open I go I'd like to go to the gym at one AM two AM Yeah, I'm definitely a night out, but I volunteered at the church pantry or the local food pantry. And uh Thursdays, we have it in the morning, so thursday mornings like this morning are really hard for me to get up and get around and make it in time. But yeah,
but yeah, where do you let what state do you live in?
Oh, I'm in Oklahoma,
Pretty
much
meeting she we've been chasing a friend of ours to play Xbox, He's from Missouri and now he lives in pennsylvania and I'm like yeah you might as well be a yankee
his
Well it depends it depends if you're in the city there or well just like most places uh whether or not you're in the city or you know you know it's an Amish country I know in pennsylvania but we had a friend that used to live up there. What chris that's what part texas. My husband said what part of texas?
Okay well I get my family lived in Dallas san Antonio. Yeah he has family were in Tulsa so yeah texas called texas Oklahoma. It's all the same thing.
It's the only thing is the weather. The weather is a little bit even more turbulent and uh we get more snow than they you know they don't get much snow there. We get
we get tornadoes, we get the you know uh the difference is is that the difference is is that whenever hurricanes come in and we get the aftermath but we don't get the, well, Dallas gets about the same because they don't get the main part, but they get the aftermath, you know? Normally,
we're gonna have storms for the next five days, supposedly. Yeah. But uh yeah, uh next month. But uh he's been playing rapidly. We obviously play are big big kids and played, we played more xbox and probably my 24 year old daughter.
He's been
he's
been stuck. That's funny.
He is Rocket League. Okay. I'm a kid at heart so I'll play anything. It's fun.
He
has
moved up right now. We both hated it when it first was big hype and hated it in Fortnite. And now he gets here. He got stuck on Rocket League. About what? About two months ago? Right before Covid
all that crap it And he plays it every freaking day. My thing is I want to hood down um, new tube so I could shoot young grenade launchers and people didn't, you know, play, I don't
like it, but
absolutely.
You get
an appointment.
You're
getting
Mhm.
On
all this.
Well, see I okay. I, I always hated it. Always talk that you always laughed at everybody for liking it and somebody being uh, but then now since you can respond, if you're playing team rumble, you get to respond. So now I will play. Yeah.
Right. I'm trying to grab our heads baby.
Alrighty then. And I have
to benefit.
I don't know you think we're paying for one gate for a gigabyte or giggle blast connection. But you know, they don't mean what you do. Yeah. Mhm. But yeah. Where um, like I said, I've gotten into Rocket League, which is kind of bad because I always swore there's no way in hell I would buy it now. I play team rumble now because you can respond. That's the only thing I don't like the regular battle royal. I die too much.
But chris I don't do that for me babe
and do that for me. It's my headset. That's one. That's it. Well this headset my work. I'm gonna try this. Hopefully he won't do anything. Which was No, you're never
As my computer starts smoking and does the countdown phase.
Okay, now can you hear me?
No, if you can hear me but I can't hear her.
Okay, We got action. Okay.
Sorry,
cargo.
Uh This is yeah. I've never had a problem with it, but until now.
But
he's having to
do
now.
Yeah. But uh jeez, I didn't even realize how I didn't have my hair brushed or anything that's always lovely when you get on their uh
how long are you with prolific? Is that where your survey taker? How long have you been with them?
I love them. It's not like any other surveys. They're definitely but you you know that you're making a difference in a way because they're Yes, they're definitely you get some definitely weird ones, but they're not for brands, you know, they're all take a lot
o
I want to
show my
we have.
Well, what I like is at least with prolific, you uh you don't get kicked after going through a whole bunch of Bs and then get kicked and not paid, you know?
What?
we'll
see
what
Oh, yeah. Oh yeah, it's like um but yeah, with prolific, I mean, you don't go through 20 minutes and then they decide you're disqualified because you know,
Oh yeah, that pisses, excuse my french, but
this is me. I'm so bad because you know, you get into certain and then they kick you at a stupid question that they could have asked in the beginning and get it done with. But yeah, I'm now I did some for a few sites, but most of them are ones that do like brands and stuff like I say and uh one opinion, What's wrong? Okay. Oh, um
and
stuff
like that. Yeah, I know, but uh stuff like that, but you know, you get through, it's like I was point club was one that I was, I'm still a member of it. Point Club, you'd be 20 minutes into a survey and all of a sudden they'd kick you because something didn't match and not pay you a dime.
You get more and more surveys.
And once, once you get used to, I know at first it takes some time to transfer your money over. But once you become, once you have been with them for very long, I, I have instant transfer to my paypal.
Now it's been what two years since I started prolific. Maybe not that long. It hasn't been quite two years, but it's been over a year. But it's uh, do I know? Not prolific. Um, but uh yeah, it's uh, it's definitely young you're doing for, for uh, scientists and for, you know, a lot of them are to study how people think and its study or study like anti depression medicine of how it works. You know, if you're, you know, and I've never, I don't think started one and got kicked because they disqualified think
because I know
there's
wait till you have wait till you have the uh one of the cycle uh psychological psychology part will be like they'll flash up, it'll be like amazon uh square and
they'll flash a picture, a real fast picture, go to a to a like a staticky screen and then flash a gene square, you know, or a chinese symbol, whatever symbol and then back to and you're supposed to tell you tell whether or not that simple made you feel happy or sad. I
don't know. Apparently they can measure something because I've had several surveys like that on here, but you know, it's part of it. But to me I'm like
oh my gosh, it's so stupid. I mean they don't care if you you know I mean they'll give you so many that of course you're gonna sometimes say happy sometimes say sad, they don't care. But somehow some genius decided that some way to
measure psychological,
you know? I don't know. But yeah a lot of them you know I like that they debrief you on really what they're studying. Yeah.
and you make a difference more than just make it make the rich people rich in a company, you know you'd actually do. And I've done that. I know texas uh A. And M. Uses um for some of their classes. Um Of course I usu here um we catch different ones that are done by like seeing people doing their uh their final season thesis. There we go. Um Plus we plus then there's a lot of the uh lot of the professors that are also scientists part of the science community, you know? Uh And it's actually pretty interesting. but yeah just never believe what they tell you at the first that that you know the deal is over because it's iffy whether it will be.
Yeah but at least they tell you the truth at the end. But I'll always love you. Well if you you shouldn't have any depressing depressing facts are depressing uh side effects. But if you do you can call you know the professor such and such. I'm going well you get a lot from the U. K. Also a lot. Yeah but
I have a head I
don't
think
I could experienced it. I you know I kind of do come by now skim through and no you know I don't. Yeah of course I read all the terms and conditions um Always watch. They do of course have your your whether or not you're paying attention. You know if you see a long question it's gonna be whether or not you're paying attention. But
yeah but yeah it's probably it's definitely we'll definitely my favorite um you'll get a lot of one minute surveys but he'll tell you
you're gonna make
10 something an hour you know? Hey I can do that.
Thank
you.
Yeah. Now product report card is another survey place that now it's not nothing like it's you know your regular like over brands and there were you know but they do a lot of, I've had a lot of home home product surveys or you know where they do a free product, you get to try it out
for free
and
you get paid. Oh yeah that we did a mountain dew 11 time and I got oh how I forgot how many free mountain Dews it was a four part survey plus they paid me like $27. I'm like okay I can drink mountain dew for 20. Yeah but over the taste whether it tasted different than you know
um There's a lot of like shampoo surveys that they but yeah product report card. It's pretty good. And the other one that's good. Um Now you know there are times you'll get disqualified but not that much. Um The other one is american crap american. I can't remember. Uh I just want a consumer american consumers. Something rather I cannot remember for the life of me. But it uh it does the same thing as product report card and you
get
some product.
american.
I'm
gonna look real fast. I got it. Uh My.
let's see another one's see let me look Rufus um The sea. But it just go. I know I had an email from them. Also they don't stand you too terribly bad. Like you know some of them american consumer remember it was just here american I just clicked on one earlier. It's A C. O. P. And its american consumer opinion something rather. Uh
Yeah A C. O. P. Um It's american consumers something rather. But yeah.
Another one like that is productive
report
garden.
Product report card. Yes. And uh they're they're like I said you will get kids from a few. Yeah american consumer where to just go there we go opinion. American consumer uh american consumer opinion and the web addresses. I think it's a C. O. P. Dot com.
but they're they're pretty good. Um There one that you know you get more as you become more reliable with them. You know that your
you
actually remembered
you know.
Yeah that's why prolific is now. Once it's like today I had seven surveys. I could have done it once.
Stupid
related
Yeah. Yeah. Um do what uh Xbox friends list? Like freaking out. Yeah, we're old people yet we play,
I
love shooting people, I love shooting people. That's why I won't play rocket League is
I can't
have
What?
I've
got a 24 year old daughter. Yeah,
but uh you're older than me. Um but yeah, I granted I was young when I had cautioned that, you know,
but
I'm 40 I'm
40
you don't look it at all. If
I wouldn't
have just got that laying down, at least I would have had, she's 36, she does not look it. I thought she was like
college age.
My
husband, 40 old, 46
and he just a few years ago. But even if he shaved clean shaven would
get,
I did
he has a baby states baby cheeks and, you know,
and uh he gets on Xbox and everybody's, you know, you're a squeaker. Yeah, sure you're married. Yeah.
But
yeah, and then uh but yeah, he acts like, yeah, I mean, of course, I can't say anything. I'll be on Xbox going, I'm gonna, you know, I'll just blow you up. But everybody laughs at me at the place where I volunteered because they're always like, yeah, you were on Xbox all night, where you, yep. Well,
I can't wait until he gets until he gets tired of it and gets off and then I will.
Food pantry.
Food
pantry.
It's
not my church. Well, it's at my church. Well, I did not go to church there when I start volunteering. Um It's called common ground. So we are not ordinary. That's the one thing. We are far from ordinary. Um And uh we uh right now with the covid crap going on, we see about, okay, we're open to
different or the pantries open for two hours On Monday night from 6-8 and Thursdays from 10 to noon. And in that two hours we have been given about 350 boxes of food. Yeah.
And um then of course, right now it's totally different than normal. Normally you get to pick out your food
and we're
not
talking about boring. Yeah. Right now people just drive up, we go to them. But yeah, and we're not talking like, like commodity type of, you know, food? We're talking I was giving out $30 deals of rib eye steaks the other day, you know, Walmart package. Uh because we have a big deep freezer. Uh today, it's like you normally get like, not always it depends what we get, but like if you get milk from us, it's not like due tomorrow. No, no like today the milk that we were giving out the expiration date was June six. So I mean yeah. Um and uh it's just that there's either overbought or just or they got a grant from the government and they give it out. But yeah, we get good food.
We
were we were on stay at home orders um and which meant, you know, non essential businesses had to close but anything got counted as essential. Uh I went by a video store which I don't even know they still had anymore and they were uh apparently deemed essential, I don't know. Um But now they've lifted up, we're in phase two of the uh the lifting of the lockdown. We still have now we don't have course size difference point, Oklahoma and texas but still Per capita we don't have nothing even like Texas right now are new. I think today's new cases have showed like 76 new ones for the day Or for what they counted as you know and then that basically means the ones that they came in with a positive test results in the last 24 hours. And then I don't know if there's any new desks. We've been averaging about 4-6 desks some days. None so
we're in for.
completely.
It's a pain you know I'm just like make it in my husband's very high risk so he has been furloughed and stuck at home 24/7.
Well
it's luckily I can go out and do what it just long as I come back, wash up, I have to wash up, you know, I come in from the pantry of course, seeing all those people um
Yeah and it's scrubbed down
with
anti
Hold
the
skills that
moving
yet
you have
in New England europe.
but
he
has,
he has severe asthma and he's not a small boy, he's glaring at me, he's
not
ball.
Um And uh he's probably the heaviest he's been and so with that, with the asthma it doesn't help. And uh Yeah, you're a little bit now granted he has a 56" chest to go with it, but he has the stomach to
I just said that you need to go to the gym.
Uh the gyms are open 24 hours I learned last night.
we just opened ours on the restaurants and stuff for dining and hair and gyms and stuff with all the CDC
guidelines. Um they just opened the La La La the 14th is what, when that phase started, I think, but May 14, but like every other booth has to be shut down, you know, at restaurants. Um Now we've never had a mandatory mask rule here. Thank goodness.
That's
so
bad.
You
know? No,
it's
true.
You know, like when it's this whole thing, witness started if people just knew what, you know, how to wash your hands in the first place, this old crap and don't sneeze on people, gee, I thought we learned that kindergarten, you know, I mean? But yeah, it's like uh now we've been opened at the pantry because we are very essential because people have to eat, you know? Um
and you know, we uh of course getting so many people, I mean they're so thrilled we're there because there's so many pantries that did shut down because they were ran by elderly or ran by, you know? And um, then uh, then we have, then I have my fan club. I have a whole bunch of people love me normally on at the normal pantry days and some of them are older and some of them also are high risk. So, uh, they've managed several of them to get a hold of me. And so I go take food all over the town. We don't officially deliver. But I do,
it's just, you know, one of those things, I'm the oldest one in there. But I mean people walking well before covid people would walk in. Hey, travel. Not automatically wave.
Never look. I knew
who
they
What's wrong? Really, paul? Yeah, I got two doggies here. We love animals. But
Riley, come here, come here. Really? Get here And we have two cats and they ruled the roost. Yes but really? Come here, come here, butthead,
you're Jack as you come to me and scrappy. And then we have scrapped. Riley is a little dog. Not really. He's a big dog, scrappy is our pup. He's just barely a year and
he gets so excited. He's the happiest dog. You just look at him and his tail gets to go in and he'll beat you with. And then you know even you can say scrappy doo, okay or don't gee you're lucky kid. Don't really come here,
come here. Oh you're a jackass. It's
not like
There was smarty, they'll make you smarter. You're pissed off at me for something because I wouldn't let you on the gal
trailer rally. Here you go. I get your butt up.
Yeah, he's like, I get to get on caps. Get here. Welcome here, I do have insurance by the way, my my church
home
just so you know I do that one, I just changed. I forget. We'll come here, come here, come on, you are such a butthead. Any other time you get up? You want this?
Really? Come on. Well he gets in trouble for getting on the love seat.
on, He's 115 lb. He's not a little dog.
I really
couldn't.
You the size of your poop, mm.
What is
it? Oh really?
And
scrappy doo. This
is scrappy
here,
scrappy doo, scrappy doo doo, scrappy doo doo, scrappy,
scrappy
doo.
You think
that I killed her
going,
does yesterday.
Oh and he hurts. He has mothers want to sell their, he's like I know I'm gonna get in trouble for being up here. You
can you look a little in there? Uh huh. You're not gonna
get smarter
Living
quarters. No, no no don't get used to it. Yeah
but yeah
the cats, the cats which are rescue. Well no one was, hey mom will you watch my cat while I move? And that was three years ago. She already has other cats now and then the other cat was a rescue by we saw her by a laundry mat. She's about seven weeks old and she is the boss of the place. Yeah, she beats these dogs around all the time, gets them in trouble.
Yeah my vicious vicious dogs. Yeah they are whipped by a cat. Um But yeah. Hey Riley, what is wrong with you? Boy? Riley thinks he's you know got to be attached to my hip. Hey what's wrong? Your hips mother? You want? Yeah, he's mad at. Yeah.
Rally then get scared of nothing but the trash men. The times we live in apartment. Yeah. We live in an apartment with these two who get hyper late at night and we're uh we span two other apartments because it was the biggest in the place. I feel sorry for our neighbors.
I am the tough one. Yes. And stand to as luckily the lady straight under us on this side is older and I hope she has heavy medicine to
because yeah these to get hyper, don't you scrappy doo scrappy. They do
what's wrong because you think that chris is gonna get onto you, don't you? Thank you. I did not think that social distancing.
But
yeah but what do you do for a living?
I
understand that my daughter is in the same boat and uh she she's always worked her butt off and uh she's in the same boat but she just got offered a county she can have pretty much any position she wants in the Tulsa county sheriff's office. Uh So but right now she's living in stillwater because her boyfriend gives school there. And uh so and that's about an hour drive so she's um contemplating because she has supposed to start back with the census bureau um June one because they had to postpone it because of all of it. But yeah she had but she also come grooms people's dogs and whatever she can. Then my husband like I said has been on furlough being high risk and I'm so ready for him to go back to work but at least he got his unemployment and that's better than most people. But anyhow I see what time it was. But
I guess.
Do you
want to play
you still play games on next? Do you play Xbox or what you
do?
I'll
give you my game or keg if you want to. Um
chris quit. Hey chris quit you little
um The dogs are trying to get smarter. I forgot how my gamer tags wrote
space. Okay. Do I have a period in it? Yeah. I don't know the world. Shut up chris I know what I meant. You're an ass. Okay. Oh Lord. You say it. What are you doing? Oh you guys don't try and send me, yeah. Oh no it's not okay. Shut up. I told you so. Okay I will write it down so you can see it's P. Uh hold on you C. G. Space
then. It's all right.
What?
faith.
Yeah, it's mrs uh fifth but my husband didn't spell it right.
This
is F. I th A. C. E.
that's all one word. Except for the you know, there's a space between PCG and this but the rest of one word. Yeah. And uh yeah. For me and I mean I'm always well he's on half the time but I'm on the other half so But yeah. Uh Shut up go back to work. But anyhow, but it's been glad and a good talking to you and actually just been bad, you know? All
Oh yeah. I was
like,
hey my first thought was okay if it's going to be a guy, are they gonna And you know, I which I did see that if you feel uncomfortable you can eat it, you know? And I'm thinking, yeah, but did they? You know, they never really warn people to keep it, you know? And I know the way you know
people are
on the
internet, you know? And I'm thinking, oh this could be fun because I have no problem telling them where that, you know.
Don't worry, I'm old enough to be your mama. But yeah, but if you uh but yes, friend me and uh sometimes we'll get on and play something together.
All right. All right, well have fun.