SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. What? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like this. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, mm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. And this is right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Oh wow. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Hi. Let me put my book away. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I am okay. It's cool where I am. So I'm all bundled up in my recliner trying to stay warm.
SPEAKER_R: How are you from?
SPEAKER_L: Um from is an interesting question right now I'm in the texas panhandle where surprisingly we have more than one season. Like the rest of texas, we have freezing cold and burning hot. We have to yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, I'm in Virginia right now. So it's like, it's like hot right now for some reason, I don't know why, but normally it's cold around this time.
SPEAKER_L: Virginia is pretty humid though, isn't it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it really is.
SPEAKER_L: I can't do that. I don't like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: the movie.
SPEAKER_R: know. I hate humidity so much.
SPEAKER_L: It gets above 30% humidity here. I'm just, I'm dying. So
SPEAKER_R: I know. Yeah, I hate that feeling. I like a nice, like dry warmth. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So I'm john icka, what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: I'm Keeton,
SPEAKER_L: K 10 or Caitlin?
SPEAKER_R: Keeton.
SPEAKER_L: K 10. Okay, cool.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: So, um, do you do these things very often these stranger chats well.
SPEAKER_R: this is the second one I did. Um but yeah, I started doing like the, like the survey stuff and like august and I was like, hey, I mean it's a lot more money than normal, so why not?
SPEAKER_L: This yeah, I like prolific better than any of the other survey places mechanical turk and all of them. I like prolific. The best. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: same new york. Mm
SPEAKER_L: So, Okay, what do you want to talk about for 25 minutes?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Let me think of something. Well, I live on a ranch, we have 30 acres and we have goats and sheep and a LLama and ducks and turkeys and chickens and all kinds of critters that I prefer to spend my time with them than with most people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh my gosh, that's awesome. Yeah, I live um I live in like outright outside of Richmond Virginia. Um kind of like in the middle of the woods off of like a couple miles away from the suburbs. And um, it's like, I mean we have like nine acres, but it's mostly like woods. Um, and I live with, I mean, I'm in college, but I go to George Washington University, but their online this semester and during the spring. So, um, I've got to be better to save money and just stay home and um do zoom and stuff because I mean it's going to be online anyway. Um, so I live with my parents and I have three sisters, but one of them lives here with me. She is the younger one and I have a cat. I got him almost exactly four weeks ago. Um, He's really sweet. He's a little kitten. And I mean, I've just been staying home mostly not really doing much
SPEAKER_L: mm. What are you what's your major?
SPEAKER_R: journalism and mass communications. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: nice,
SPEAKER_R: I really like it.
SPEAKER_L: very nice. I I wish I had more of a formal education. I am a writer, not a journalist but a writer and I feel myself kind of floundering out there in a sea of people who have master's degrees and bachelor's degrees and I've got a couple of years of college where I took something.
SPEAKER_R: I don't wanna, I mean it's something
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean academic writing, I didn't enjoy very much, I got all a's but I didn't enjoy it. So now I'm I'm working on a novel.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, cool. Yeah, I understand. I don't really like the, like the scholarly formal type of writing. I like the journalistic style where it's more straight to the point and concise. I I like that way way better.
SPEAKER_L: Do you do any writing for medium?
SPEAKER_R: Um No, we, I'm mostly, um, I mean I'm still only, the intercourse is so basically all I'm doing right now regarding like school is I'm gonna just a journalism theory and practice class where we just like learn about journalism itself and like the ideas within it. And then I'm in a video production class. So the like the most journalism type of stuff I'm doing is like in video.
SPEAKER_L: So, Medium dot com is a site. I don't are you familiar with it?
SPEAKER_R: I've heard of it,
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, it's a site by the people that started twitter and you can just go out there and you can either have a blog or you can write how to stories or whatever and depending on your readership you get paid. So
SPEAKER_R: alcohol.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that that put me my little $13 a month put
SPEAKER_R: Fruit.
SPEAKER_L: me in the professional writer category
SPEAKER_R: I look so cool down.
SPEAKER_L: from just screaming into the void. Now I'm screaming into the void for you know $20 a
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: month.
SPEAKER_R: mean that's actually pretty cool. Like getting paid just for doing something that you like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's you know I would think that journalism and whether it's in theory or whether it's interviews
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: or whatever you do you can write something up and boom people will
SPEAKER_R: I could probably like, I get that. I would honestly consider that maybe just like instead of doing video just put the transcript of the video and there's something that'd be cool.
SPEAKER_L: A lot of a lot of writers there do have Youtube channels as well. Um They have found that mixed media gets the more followers gets them different kinds of followers. Um I'm not really into writing like how to stories. I've got a couple of them there I used to teach writing and reading and uh with the literacy counsel and G. E. D. Classes and stuff like that but so I've got a couple of like five minute writing exercises or whatever that still gets quite a bit of traction but a lot of people like just use it in place of their blog. Like right whatever. I'm editing one of the publications there and it's called the Bad influence. They're a bad influence because they incite change. Like I'm I'm the friend your mom always warned you about kind of a bad ones. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: so and we get all kinds of weird articles there. Um Right now I'm having the most fun with our micro fiction challenge. Um 50 words. Exactly. You have to tell a story in 50 words. Exactly and it's it's challenging but it's fun. It's we get a lot of submissions for that one. So
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: sounds
SPEAKER_L: of them
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: I've never heard of that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah go over to medium and check it out. Look
SPEAKER_R: I definitely
SPEAKER_L: for,
SPEAKER_R: will. I've only heard of it. I didn't know that you could like, like get paid for doing stuff.
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: anybody can write, you don't have to be qualified usually. Um They want you to have a membership which is $5 a month. So that can get expensive if you're not writing and getting paid consistently. But I'm still getting paid for stuff that I wrote a year ago. Yeah. People are still clicking on it and reading it. It's a good way to start getting a base of followers. So.
SPEAKER_R: And just some extra money on the side which like I totally need because you know college is expensive and it's so hard to get a job during the pandemic because like I'm just, I don't want to get sick or anything. So it's just like I'm doing, I've been doing like the surveys and stuff selling um stickers on red bubble. Do you know what? Rebel?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what revved up. What is red bubble?
SPEAKER_R: Um So it's kind of like at sea in a way where um you make an account and then you can open a shop and um you can draw a desert. Like you can design things whether it's like hand hand drawn or through some sort of um like graphic design program, but you can upload your designs and format them onto like t shirts or tapestries or stickers or pins. Um You could just like you when you before you upload it, you can choose where it's located on those items. And then um people can buy whatever form of the design that they want, whether it's like a T shirt or sticker. And um You get a like you can get like a 20% uh commission on those. Um So it's like it builds up like as long as you have a lot of people buying your designs and stuff, like you'll get a decent amount of money. But
SPEAKER_L: Well I am,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm still kind of beginning out on that.
SPEAKER_L: Well let me see if I can find a pen. That sounds kind of fun,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's a ton of different designs.
SPEAKER_L: especially since I'm an artist, artist as well. So oh you're taking a tour of my house. Excuse me? I need to find a pen. And my pet. I think mostly my dogs steal my pens and then chew them up.
SPEAKER_R: From
SPEAKER_L: It's either my
SPEAKER_R: area.
SPEAKER_L: No. So.
SPEAKER_R: My cat loves to jump on my desk and he just knocks over every
SPEAKER_L: Future
SPEAKER_R: pin you can
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: find.
SPEAKER_L: bomb. So red bubble. I'm gonna write that down.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, relatively cheap. Like each artist can, I mean they can choose how like the percentage that they get from the purchase, but most of them just keep it at like the minimum, which is I think 20% or something. So a sticker can get you from like dollar 52 to 50 and then a t shirt, maybe about 20. So it's not too bad for to support artists and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: So um. Mhm. I'm cold. Have you heard of, have you heard of coffee expelled K. O. Dash F. I. Okay. So it's coffee dot com. And
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: that's another site
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: that you can post blog entries. You can post your artwork, you can post whatever you want to post and you ask people to buy you a coffee for like three bucks or five bucks or you know something like that. So it's
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: kind of like um it's kind of like Patreon where?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've seen that were um like I've seen uh I use custom content for a video game, and there's a lot of them that have like buy me a coffee link here, is that what it is? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yes exactly what it is. That's exactly what it is. You can also you know like sell your stuff if you've got, if you've got books or stories or paintings or photos or you know whatever you have, you can sell it on Kofi or Patri in. I don't I don't like um I didn't even know how to say it. Patreon.
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: Patreon.
SPEAKER_R: it's good for him.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: trying
SPEAKER_R: I think so.
SPEAKER_L: I don't like it because they although they offer different tiers, it's a monthly payment And the lowest I think is $5 a month or that really adds up, it really adds up. Yeah, I prefer Kofi for that one coffee, whatever.
SPEAKER_R: This is like a one time payment, right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's just like you're just buying video coffee, I mean you can obviously buy them a really big coffee and send them $30 or you know, just a Cheaper than Starbucks Coffee at $3. So yeah, that's that's the kind of stuff content creators like to do that, like to have a Kofi, a lot of the medium writers have it too, so. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I just thought it was like, I didn't know it was an actual like website, but yeah, I just thought it was maybe like a link to someone's like cash app or Venmo or something, but that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: no it's a it's a website and the ones that do better are the ones obviously they have like blog posts and this and that and I suck at self promotion. So I've tried all of these extra side hustle type things and um like on Patreon. Yeah, you you have to keep giving them content and I'm I suck at it and you have to keep asking for money and I really suck at that.
SPEAKER_R: no. Yeah, I I totally really,
SPEAKER_L: And now
SPEAKER_R: I I feel bad doing it, like I feel really awkward and stuff and I'm not really consistent at all. It's really just like when I feel like it, so I could not have a a new upload every week or something.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I've I've just started again a new blog on Wordpress and um you know I write every few days, I haven't gotten it slick and professional and set up with ads and you know affiliate links and all of those things that you need to have. I just really want somebody to come into my life and be like, okay boom boom boom boom boom
SPEAKER_R: Over
SPEAKER_L: now you're monetized.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. Yes. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that ought to be a service and affordable service.
SPEAKER_R: No, for
SPEAKER_L: But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you can probably find some college kid who can do it, who's like in the computer science and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Um so where I live, it's very small. There is a college here but the city population is only 2000. Yeah. Yeah. It's really small. I don't even know if they offer computer science at the college here. It's mostly for like ag add stuff and and and what's it called? Farm and ranch stuff yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: four H. And FFA and things like
SPEAKER_R: gain
SPEAKER_L: that. Yeah it's teeny.
SPEAKER_R: Oh man. And I would say 2000 I was the size of my entire high school. Oh my.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think the graduating class and here is around maybe 20 people if
SPEAKER_R: my,
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: I want like one like basic classroom at my, at my old school. My gosh, Our graduating class this year was I think 475 or 500 or so, wow.
SPEAKER_L: then yeah and I still think there's too many people.
SPEAKER_R: zero Lord. Is it really is a rural?
SPEAKER_L: it is. Well I live outside of the city about a mile and a half. Not very far outside of the city but yes it's very rural. Um I you know I lived in big cities my whole life in Los Angeles and yeah big big cities
SPEAKER_R: I know. You know,
SPEAKER_L: so I was very happy to come to this very teeny tiny place. Everybody knows everybody's business which means you've got to you know keep your business on the up and up otherwise everybody you know. So Yeah. But I I do I like it. I don't like the urban jungle anymore. I you know but my son who's about to be 18 is just he's just like I'm just so out of here.
SPEAKER_R: I think complete opposite of you. I'm just like your son. Like I've been living in like, uh it's like border role and suburb. I'm like 10 minutes from the suburbs, like near all the farms and stuff. So, um I mean one of the reasons I went to George Washington University because it's right in the heart of D. C. Like a couple blocks from the White House. So I'm really, hopefully once again in a covid goes away I'll be able to like live up there or everything's like hustle and bustle. I'm so excited
SPEAKER_L: Hm.
SPEAKER_R: for about. But I mean I'll probably get tired of it after a while but it'd be nice to experience it.
SPEAKER_L: You know some people really dig the crowds. My mom is one of them. She went to China and you're just if you're walking down the sidewalk there you're basically shoulder to shoulder with people. It's so crowded. And um I traveled a couple years ago in 2018. We traveled to Laos and it's still pretty crowded as far as you know like driving there are lanes marked out on the road. But I think there they're not even really a suggestion. They were just like, you know I mean you'll have four rows of cars and motorcycles and stuff going both ways going all over it.
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: It's just crazy. It was insane. I had to just hold my eyes, I could not watch. And the the airports were difficult for me because there's obviously lots of people crammed into airports and yeah, I don't like it.
SPEAKER_R: No I'm not I'm not too um I'm not too much of a fan of crowds either but yeah my sisters, my older sisters, one is I think 31 this year and then um 29 the 29 year old lives in Arlington Virginia which is like it's like five minutes from D. C. So basically the city and then my oldest sister, she was in Seattle. So they both kind of were they were tired of living out here in the middle of the woods and wanted to go out to the city and do their thing
SPEAKER_L: I've got a 31 year old, 32 year old daughter who lives outside of Seattle. Um, yeah, smaller town, another daughter, she is 25, She just turned 25 and she's in Seattle and I have another daughter who lives up in Montana and she's 30 and um then my soon to be 18 year old and yeah, and
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: then the only babies I'm gonna get to have are gonna be goat babies and thank you.
SPEAKER_R: that's kind of similar to like call how my parents had all of us. Like There's it's kind of a there's a pretty wide range of ages because my youngest sister she's um 13 so it goes from third when she was born, my oldest sister was 18. So it's a wild.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it can do that. Especially you know when you start young and when I think about it, You know, 150 years ago, 200 years ago it was more common to just start that young like 14 if you need it if you made it to 17 you were an old maid.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: true though.
SPEAKER_L: you're going to die a sad lonely death as a one room house schoolteachers
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it. So um
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: is your son a senior in high school?
SPEAKER_L: actually um no he's already graduated he graduated a year.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's awesome. My gosh I wish I did that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So I I wish that we could
SPEAKER_R: Burton.
SPEAKER_L: afford for him to go to a really fancy Hoity Toity Computer Science University. Um M. I. T. Would be great if he could probably
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: get in if he tried. Um He's very uh very tech savvy. He's our I. T. Guy that's you know if we can't make something work we have to call him and then come to the place to come do this, do that.
SPEAKER_R: lord
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but I think he's planning on moving out to Seattle um Next month and he's going to I don't know he said there were lots of places. The employment pool as you can imagine is pretty shallow here with only population 2000. And he's worked at every food service place he can work on this
SPEAKER_R: Lord.
SPEAKER_L: and then you know Amarillo and pampa and Children's those are all options but there over an hour away so that's a lot of gas to be spending on some minimum wage job. So he he said there's a lot more like tech companies they're repair this and repair that and he does he fixes up all kinds of stuff. He found at a flea market he found like an old radio and he was able To fix it and get music on it you know from the 70s.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah pretty proud of him.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Two yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we have like computer science, all that techie stuff like that's a huge, huge field now. So I mean, I bet you'll do great.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah he's already he's designed some video games. He just got it in his head one day. I just want to try and design this in your game. And I mean they're not fancy, they're like um I don't know what he called him, you just kind of go in a straight line and you jump over stuff for you faster, some slower and that stuff and then he was making snake basically centipede or something. Yeah, but you know, it gives them something to do.
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: about to say like, and he's not, he's not in college at all.
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: yet.
SPEAKER_R: I mean if he's already doing that, like, imagine what he can do, like even a community college. Because I mean honestly, oh my gosh, G w is really expensive. I was able to go because of scholarships and stuff, um,
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: because we definitely don't have enough money to pay like in four, even half because my two older sisters went to college, so we're already like, like overwhelmed with loans. But I mean honestly, no colleges fine community colleges just as good as, you know, a regular four year college or
SPEAKER_L: I think that's his plan. I think he wants to get a job and save up some money and then go first to a community college and get his prerequisites out of the way that will transfer over to a university before he attempts university and he may not go to university. My oldest, um she went to University of Montana and did really well and it was too expensive and so she ended up just taking a couple of college courses here and there and then she was just like, you know, I just, I have to make money so she never graduated.
SPEAKER_R: I mean that's
SPEAKER_L: So. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I mean there's, I don't understand like the the, I don't know the way that people think that going to college is the only way like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: people can make plenty of money without college, I'm just doing it because normally as a journalist you kind of have have a degree but honestly, I mean it's so expensive. It is, it's crazy, I don't understand why the prices are so jacked up for no reason.
SPEAKER_L: Well, my little brother, he went um he went to grad school and post grad school and and uh he was taking physics and then straight out of, straight out of college. I don't think he ever got his PhD, but you know, he came close and then you just started working for yahoo. So yeah, but he wasn't utilizing what he got his degree in. My other little brother, He went to Carnegie Mellon and he also um basically all he would have to do to get a ph D. S write a thesis and, but he's just not interested and he's like why I don't need it. So um I think our mother wants him to have it more than one of them wants that. Um And he went to work for Unilever doing product testing. He's a he's a chemical engineer right? Well he just ended up doing product testing and then they moved from Connecticut to Rochester new york and um
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: he couldn't get a job so he went back to school and got you know some computer science something degree. And um now he's doing that
SPEAKER_R: Mom
SPEAKER_L: so it seems to me if you want to be practical you know a job might be the best bet.
SPEAKER_R: exactly my sister did the same thing your brother did. Um she, so she graduated from University of Virginia with I think a degree in political science or something or international affairs, something like that. And then um during during her college years she studied abroad in Spain and Italy and then she found this italian guy got engaged to him and lived with him for maybe like two or so years after she graduated and then she found a german guy lived with him for like three years while teaching english at a german preschool and then she decided that she wanted to go to grad school for school psychology. So um her and her husband they moved to Seattle from Germany and she went to Seattle university to get her her masters in school psychology. So now she's doing that and then my other sister, she graduated from a pretty small college in Virginia with a major in communications and history and then now she works at, I don't really know what it's called but they um they contract private private people like veterans and stuff to I don't even know what they do, something like that, they send them out overseas and like she likes it a lot and she makes good money and it's not really even related to her major So I mean who knows what I'll be doing in like 20 years.
SPEAKER_L: Right And then there's me I waited until you know I got my I got my G. E. D. In 1986 87 something like that. And uh I I just went to work but then I also you know my husband um we have babies with the baby and then we got married and then we had baby again. But It just you know I waited 10 years to go back to school. I already had my third child by then and so I was like older than everybody and you know and they're all hey it's friday
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: let's party
SPEAKER_R: you fool?
SPEAKER_L: and I'm like I don't know it's friday. I get to clean up after the toddler.
SPEAKER_R: yeah there's a um there's a woman in my journalism class who is um she's like 30 or something but she is using her G. I. Bill to um go to college and stuff so I mean it's not like awkward it's just like I feel like she's way more mature than all of us so I feel like we all kind of look up look up to her. So I mean it's not nothing negative at least from my perspective like the person who is like way younger like you know it's respectable. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Angry. Uh I'm glad you're going to school and I'm glad you're getting an education even if it's over zoom
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: that just maybe the new way to teach. My my friend lives in Chicago. She's she's an E. S. L. Teacher english second language. She also teaches a sl which is american sign
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: language and she's doing that online and that's really difficult because a lot of her students are hearing impaired. So
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: how?
SPEAKER_R: gonna say yeah, especially with like lagging or something, you can't like make out whatever she's doing with your hands, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's, it's interesting, but hey, it's been 25 minutes and much as I enjoy this. Do you want to keep talking
SPEAKER_R: Whatever
SPEAKER_L: or?
SPEAKER_R: you want is flying. I mean I'm just kind of hanging out, I have a class at 2 20 so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well, let's, let's see if we can figure out how to Log out since it's been actually 27 minutes. It's been really fun
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was really
SPEAKER_L: talking
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet
SPEAKER_L: to you.
SPEAKER_R: you and stuff. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: bye.