No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. What? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like this. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, mm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. And this is right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Oh wow. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Hi. Let me put my book away. How are you?
I am okay. It's cool where I am. So I'm all bundled up in my recliner trying to stay warm.
Um from is an interesting question right now I'm in the texas panhandle where surprisingly we have more than one season. Like the rest of texas, we have freezing cold and burning hot. We have to yeah.
Virginia is pretty humid though, isn't it?
I can't do that. I don't like
the movie.
It gets above 30% humidity here. I'm just, I'm dying. So
So I'm john icka, what's your name?
K 10 or Caitlin?
K 10. Okay, cool.
So, um, do you do these things very often these stranger chats well.
This yeah, I like prolific better than any of the other survey places mechanical turk and all of them. I like prolific. The best. Okay.
So, Okay, what do you want to talk about for 25 minutes?
Let me think of something. Well, I live on a ranch, we have 30 acres and we have goats and sheep and a LLama and ducks and turkeys and chickens and all kinds of critters that I prefer to spend my time with them than with most people.
mm. What are you what's your major?
nice,
very nice. I I wish I had more of a formal education. I am a writer, not a journalist but a writer and I feel myself kind of floundering out there in a sea of people who have master's degrees and bachelor's degrees and I've got a couple of years of college where I took something.
Yeah, I mean academic writing, I didn't enjoy very much, I got all a's but I didn't enjoy it. So now I'm I'm working on a novel.
Do you do any writing for medium?
So, Medium dot com is a site. I don't are you familiar with it?
So yeah, it's a site by the people that started twitter and you can just go out there and you can either have a blog or you can write how to stories or whatever and depending on your readership you get paid. So
Yeah, that that put me my little $13 a month put
me in the professional writer category
from just screaming into the void. Now I'm screaming into the void for you know $20 a
month.
that's you know I would think that journalism and whether it's in theory or whether it's interviews
or whatever you do you can write something up and boom people will
A lot of a lot of writers there do have Youtube channels as well. Um They have found that mixed media gets the more followers gets them different kinds of followers. Um I'm not really into writing like how to stories. I've got a couple of them there I used to teach writing and reading and uh with the literacy counsel and G. E. D. Classes and stuff like that but so I've got a couple of like five minute writing exercises or whatever that still gets quite a bit of traction but a lot of people like just use it in place of their blog. Like right whatever. I'm editing one of the publications there and it's called the Bad influence. They're a bad influence because they incite change. Like I'm I'm the friend your mom always warned you about kind of a bad ones. Yeah
so and we get all kinds of weird articles there. Um Right now I'm having the most fun with our micro fiction challenge. Um 50 words. Exactly. You have to tell a story in 50 words. Exactly and it's it's challenging but it's fun. It's we get a lot of submissions for that one. So
some
of them
are
yeah go over to medium and check it out. Look
for,
then
anybody can write, you don't have to be qualified usually. Um They want you to have a membership which is $5 a month. So that can get expensive if you're not writing and getting paid consistently. But I'm still getting paid for stuff that I wrote a year ago. Yeah. People are still clicking on it and reading it. It's a good way to start getting a base of followers. So.
I don't know what revved up. What is red bubble?
Well I am,
Well let me see if I can find a pen. That sounds kind of fun,
especially since I'm an artist, artist as well. So oh you're taking a tour of my house. Excuse me? I need to find a pen. And my pet. I think mostly my dogs steal my pens and then chew them up.
It's either my
No. So.
Future
your
bomb. So red bubble. I'm gonna write that down.
So um. Mhm. I'm cold. Have you heard of, have you heard of coffee expelled K. O. Dash F. I. Okay. So it's coffee dot com. And
that's another site
that you can post blog entries. You can post your artwork, you can post whatever you want to post and you ask people to buy you a coffee for like three bucks or five bucks or you know something like that. So it's
kind of like um it's kind of like Patreon where?
Yes exactly what it is. That's exactly what it is. You can also you know like sell your stuff if you've got, if you've got books or stories or paintings or photos or you know whatever you have, you can sell it on Kofi or Patri in. I don't I don't like um I didn't even know how to say it. Patreon.
Patreon.
I'm
trying
I don't like it because they although they offer different tiers, it's a monthly payment And the lowest I think is $5 a month or that really adds up, it really adds up. Yeah, I prefer Kofi for that one coffee, whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's just like you're just buying video coffee, I mean you can obviously buy them a really big coffee and send them $30 or you know, just a Cheaper than Starbucks Coffee at $3. So yeah, that's that's the kind of stuff content creators like to do that, like to have a Kofi, a lot of the medium writers have it too, so. Yeah,
no it's a it's a website and the ones that do better are the ones obviously they have like blog posts and this and that and I suck at self promotion. So I've tried all of these extra side hustle type things and um like on Patreon. Yeah, you you have to keep giving them content and I'm I suck at it and you have to keep asking for money and I really suck at that.
And now
yeah, I've I've just started again a new blog on Wordpress and um you know I write every few days, I haven't gotten it slick and professional and set up with ads and you know affiliate links and all of those things that you need to have. I just really want somebody to come into my life and be like, okay boom boom boom boom boom
now you're monetized.
Yeah, that ought to be a service and affordable service.
But yeah.
Um so where I live, it's very small. There is a college here but the city population is only 2000. Yeah. Yeah. It's really small. I don't even know if they offer computer science at the college here. It's mostly for like ag add stuff and and and what's it called? Farm and ranch stuff yeah
four H. And FFA and things like
that. Yeah it's teeny.
Yeah I think the graduating class and here is around maybe 20 people if
that.
then yeah and I still think there's too many people.
it is. Well I live outside of the city about a mile and a half. Not very far outside of the city but yes it's very rural. Um I you know I lived in big cities my whole life in Los Angeles and yeah big big cities
so I was very happy to come to this very teeny tiny place. Everybody knows everybody's business which means you've got to you know keep your business on the up and up otherwise everybody you know. So Yeah. But I I do I like it. I don't like the urban jungle anymore. I you know but my son who's about to be 18 is just he's just like I'm just so out of here.
Hm.
You know some people really dig the crowds. My mom is one of them. She went to China and you're just if you're walking down the sidewalk there you're basically shoulder to shoulder with people. It's so crowded. And um I traveled a couple years ago in 2018. We traveled to Laos and it's still pretty crowded as far as you know like driving there are lanes marked out on the road. But I think there they're not even really a suggestion. They were just like, you know I mean you'll have four rows of cars and motorcycles and stuff going both ways going all over it.
It's just crazy. It was insane. I had to just hold my eyes, I could not watch. And the the airports were difficult for me because there's obviously lots of people crammed into airports and yeah, I don't like it.
I've got a 31 year old, 32 year old daughter who lives outside of Seattle. Um, yeah, smaller town, another daughter, she is 25, She just turned 25 and she's in Seattle and I have another daughter who lives up in Montana and she's 30 and um then my soon to be 18 year old and yeah, and
then the only babies I'm gonna get to have are gonna be goat babies and thank you.
Yeah, it can do that. Especially you know when you start young and when I think about it, You know, 150 years ago, 200 years ago it was more common to just start that young like 14 if you need it if you made it to 17 you were an old maid.
You
know
you're going to die a sad lonely death as a one room house schoolteachers
you
so
actually um no he's already graduated he graduated a year.
Uh huh.
So I I wish that we could
afford for him to go to a really fancy Hoity Toity Computer Science University. Um M. I. T. Would be great if he could probably
get in if he tried. Um He's very uh very tech savvy. He's our I. T. Guy that's you know if we can't make something work we have to call him and then come to the place to come do this, do that.
Yeah but I think he's planning on moving out to Seattle um Next month and he's going to I don't know he said there were lots of places. The employment pool as you can imagine is pretty shallow here with only population 2000. And he's worked at every food service place he can work on this
and then you know Amarillo and pampa and Children's those are all options but there over an hour away so that's a lot of gas to be spending on some minimum wage job. So he he said there's a lot more like tech companies they're repair this and repair that and he does he fixes up all kinds of stuff. He found at a flea market he found like an old radio and he was able To fix it and get music on it you know from the 70s.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah pretty proud of him.
Two yeah.
Yeah. Yeah he's already he's designed some video games. He just got it in his head one day. I just want to try and design this in your game. And I mean they're not fancy, they're like um I don't know what he called him, you just kind of go in a straight line and you jump over stuff for you faster, some slower and that stuff and then he was making snake basically centipede or something. Yeah, but you know, it gives them something to do.
So
not
yet.
Like
I think that's his plan. I think he wants to get a job and save up some money and then go first to a community college and get his prerequisites out of the way that will transfer over to a university before he attempts university and he may not go to university. My oldest, um she went to University of Montana and did really well and it was too expensive and so she ended up just taking a couple of college courses here and there and then she was just like, you know, I just, I have to make money so she never graduated.
So. Right.
What?
Well, my little brother, he went um he went to grad school and post grad school and and uh he was taking physics and then straight out of, straight out of college. I don't think he ever got his PhD, but you know, he came close and then you just started working for yahoo. So yeah, but he wasn't utilizing what he got his degree in. My other little brother, He went to Carnegie Mellon and he also um basically all he would have to do to get a ph D. S write a thesis and, but he's just not interested and he's like why I don't need it. So um I think our mother wants him to have it more than one of them wants that. Um And he went to work for Unilever doing product testing. He's a he's a chemical engineer right? Well he just ended up doing product testing and then they moved from Connecticut to Rochester new york and um
he couldn't get a job so he went back to school and got you know some computer science something degree. And um now he's doing that
so it seems to me if you want to be practical you know a job might be the best bet.
Right And then there's me I waited until you know I got my I got my G. E. D. In 1986 87 something like that. And uh I I just went to work but then I also you know my husband um we have babies with the baby and then we got married and then we had baby again. But It just you know I waited 10 years to go back to school. I already had my third child by then and so I was like older than everybody and you know and they're all hey it's friday
let's party
and I'm like I don't know it's friday. I get to clean up after the toddler.
Angry. Uh I'm glad you're going to school and I'm glad you're getting an education even if it's over zoom
that just maybe the new way to teach. My my friend lives in Chicago. She's she's an E. S. L. Teacher english second language. She also teaches a sl which is american sign
language and she's doing that online and that's really difficult because a lot of her students are hearing impaired. So
how?
Yeah. It's, it's interesting, but hey, it's been 25 minutes and much as I enjoy this. Do you want to keep talking
or?
Yeah, well, let's, let's see if we can figure out how to Log out since it's been actually 27 minutes. It's been really fun
talking
to you.
well,