Hi,
I'm good. How are you?
How are you from?
Oh my gosh, I'm in Virginia right now. So it's like, it's like hot right now for some reason, I don't know why, but normally it's cold around this time.
Yeah, it really is.
I
know. I hate humidity so much.
I know. Yeah, I hate that feeling. I like a nice, like dry warmth. Yeah,
I'm Keeton,
Keeton.
Uh huh.
this is the second one I did. Um but yeah, I started doing like the, like the survey stuff and like august and I was like, hey, I mean it's a lot more money than normal, so why not?
same new york. Mm
I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh my gosh, that's awesome. Yeah, I live um I live in like outright outside of Richmond Virginia. Um kind of like in the middle of the woods off of like a couple miles away from the suburbs. And um, it's like, I mean we have like nine acres, but it's mostly like woods. Um, and I live with, I mean, I'm in college, but I go to George Washington University, but their online this semester and during the spring. So, um, I've got to be better to save money and just stay home and um do zoom and stuff because I mean it's going to be online anyway. Um, so I live with my parents and I have three sisters, but one of them lives here with me. She is the younger one and I have a cat. I got him almost exactly four weeks ago. Um, He's really sweet. He's a little kitten. And I mean, I've just been staying home mostly not really doing much
journalism and mass communications. Yeah.
I really like it.
I don't wanna, I mean it's something
Oh, cool. Yeah, I understand. I don't really like the, like the scholarly formal type of writing. I like the journalistic style where it's more straight to the point and concise. I I like that way way better.
Um No, we, I'm mostly, um, I mean I'm still only, the intercourse is so basically all I'm doing right now regarding like school is I'm gonna just a journalism theory and practice class where we just like learn about journalism itself and like the ideas within it. And then I'm in a video production class. So the like the most journalism type of stuff I'm doing is like in video.
I've heard of it,
alcohol.
Fruit.
I look so cool down.
I
mean that's actually pretty cool. Like getting paid just for doing something that you like. Yeah.
No.
I could probably like, I get that. I would honestly consider that maybe just like instead of doing video just put the transcript of the video and there's something that'd be cool.
Oh my gosh.
That
sounds
fun.
I've never heard of that.
I definitely
will. I've only heard of it. I didn't know that you could like, like get paid for doing stuff.
What?
And just some extra money on the side which like I totally need because you know college is expensive and it's so hard to get a job during the pandemic because like I'm just, I don't want to get sick or anything. So it's just like I'm doing, I've been doing like the surveys and stuff selling um stickers on red bubble. Do you know what? Rebel?
Um So it's kind of like at sea in a way where um you make an account and then you can open a shop and um you can draw a desert. Like you can design things whether it's like hand hand drawn or through some sort of um like graphic design program, but you can upload your designs and format them onto like t shirts or tapestries or stickers or pins. Um You could just like you when you before you upload it, you can choose where it's located on those items. And then um people can buy whatever form of the design that they want, whether it's like a T shirt or sticker. And um You get a like you can get like a 20% uh commission on those. Um So it's like it builds up like as long as you have a lot of people buying your designs and stuff, like you'll get a decent amount of money. But
yeah, I'm still kind of beginning out on that.
Yeah, there's a ton of different designs.
From
area.
My cat loves to jump on my desk and he just knocks over every
pin you can
find.
Yeah, relatively cheap. Like each artist can, I mean they can choose how like the percentage that they get from the purchase, but most of them just keep it at like the minimum, which is I think 20% or something. So a sticker can get you from like dollar 52 to 50 and then a t shirt, maybe about 20. So it's not too bad for to support artists and stuff.
But
well,
what?
yeah, I've seen that were um like I've seen uh I use custom content for a video game, and there's a lot of them that have like buy me a coffee link here, is that what it is? Okay,
I think
it's good for him.
I think.
I think so.
This is like a one time payment, right?
Sure.
Oh, I just thought it was like, I didn't know it was an actual like website, but yeah, I just thought it was maybe like a link to someone's like cash app or Venmo or something, but that's pretty cool.
no. Yeah, I I totally really,
I I feel bad doing it, like I feel really awkward and stuff and I'm not really consistent at all. It's really just like when I feel like it, so I could not have a a new upload every week or something.
Over
Oh my gosh. Yes. Uh huh.
No, for
you can probably find some college kid who can do it, who's like in the computer science and stuff?
Yeah
gain
Oh man. And I would say 2000 I was the size of my entire high school. Oh my.
my,
I want like one like basic classroom at my, at my old school. My gosh, Our graduating class this year was I think 475 or 500 or so, wow.
zero Lord. Is it really is a rural?
I know. You know,
I think complete opposite of you. I'm just like your son. Like I've been living in like, uh it's like border role and suburb. I'm like 10 minutes from the suburbs, like near all the farms and stuff. So, um I mean one of the reasons I went to George Washington University because it's right in the heart of D. C. Like a couple blocks from the White House. So I'm really, hopefully once again in a covid goes away I'll be able to like live up there or everything's like hustle and bustle. I'm so excited
for about. But I mean I'll probably get tired of it after a while but it'd be nice to experience it.
my
No I'm not I'm not too um I'm not too much of a fan of crowds either but yeah my sisters, my older sisters, one is I think 31 this year and then um 29 the 29 year old lives in Arlington Virginia which is like it's like five minutes from D. C. So basically the city and then my oldest sister, she was in Seattle. So they both kind of were they were tired of living out here in the middle of the woods and wanted to go out to the city and do their thing
Well.
that's kind of similar to like call how my parents had all of us. Like There's it's kind of a there's a pretty wide range of ages because my youngest sister she's um 13 so it goes from third when she was born, my oldest sister was 18. So it's a wild.
No
that's
true though.
I know
it. So um
is your son a senior in high school?
Oh that's awesome. My gosh I wish I did that. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm.
Burton.
What?
lord
Lord.
Oh my gosh that's awesome.
that's cool.
we have like computer science, all that techie stuff like that's a huge, huge field now. So I mean, I bet you'll do great.
I was
about to say like, and he's not, he's not in college at all.
So
I mean if he's already doing that, like, imagine what he can do, like even a community college. Because I mean honestly, oh my gosh, G w is really expensive. I was able to go because of scholarships and stuff, um,
because we definitely don't have enough money to pay like in four, even half because my two older sisters went to college, so we're already like, like overwhelmed with loans. But I mean honestly, no colleges fine community colleges just as good as, you know, a regular four year college or
I mean that's
I mean there's, I don't understand like the the, I don't know the way that people think that going to college is the only way like
people can make plenty of money without college, I'm just doing it because normally as a journalist you kind of have have a degree but honestly, I mean it's so expensive. It is, it's crazy, I don't understand why the prices are so jacked up for no reason.
What?
Mom
exactly my sister did the same thing your brother did. Um she, so she graduated from University of Virginia with I think a degree in political science or something or international affairs, something like that. And then um during during her college years she studied abroad in Spain and Italy and then she found this italian guy got engaged to him and lived with him for maybe like two or so years after she graduated and then she found a german guy lived with him for like three years while teaching english at a german preschool and then she decided that she wanted to go to grad school for school psychology. So um her and her husband they moved to Seattle from Germany and she went to Seattle university to get her her masters in school psychology. So now she's doing that and then my other sister, she graduated from a pretty small college in Virginia with a major in communications and history and then now she works at, I don't really know what it's called but they um they contract private private people like veterans and stuff to I don't even know what they do, something like that, they send them out overseas and like she likes it a lot and she makes good money and it's not really even related to her major So I mean who knows what I'll be doing in like 20 years.
Are
you fool?
yeah there's a um there's a woman in my journalism class who is um she's like 30 or something but she is using her G. I. Bill to um go to college and stuff so I mean it's not like awkward it's just like I feel like she's way more mature than all of us so I feel like we all kind of look up look up to her. So I mean it's not nothing negative at least from my perspective like the person who is like way younger like you know it's respectable. Uh huh.
Well
you know,
I was
gonna say yeah, especially with like lagging or something, you can't like make out whatever she's doing with your hands, wow.
Whatever
you want is flying. I mean I'm just kind of hanging out, I have a class at 2 20 so
yeah, it was really
nice to meet
you and stuff. Yes,
bye.