SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah sure. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. What you want? Okay. Yeah. One yeah. With Okay. Okay. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. I still have two minutes to wait at least five minutes from my apartment to show up. Mm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All for one.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: carry you.
SPEAKER_L: Good. How are you today?
SPEAKER_R: Good, Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: You're my first partner. The shows in like three weeks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Just my second time doing this. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: You're the first girl I've ever had to
SPEAKER_R: Oh, uh my first chat partner was a girl too. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: because this is like my seventh or eighth time doing this with also partner and they've all been dials. Yeah, it's crazy. Well
SPEAKER_R: And how are they? Oh
SPEAKER_L: You know how, you know, you know, talk the whole time didn't want to mm
SPEAKER_R: They didn't give you any um like the way to talk.
SPEAKER_L: there was one that did um but he was a shy college student So for the rest of them were like in their 30s and 40s and have these jobs and they're like flexing on it and I'm just like awful.
SPEAKER_R: So Yeah. Yeah. So what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: It's Rebecca, what about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm Kayla.
SPEAKER_L: So nice. You sound like you have a southern accent. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in south Carolina. Oh
SPEAKER_R: used to stay in your south Carolina for about two years, You know, Dylan there? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yes,
SPEAKER_R: I used to be there. There's nothing there.
SPEAKER_L: nope. I'm from Colombia so I got lucky but I live in Greenville net,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. You've got way more options than Dylan. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: No. Anyway, well
SPEAKER_R: Let's go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna say what brought you down here when you were here?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well, it was like straight out of high school and I was still living at home and um my mom and my dad will step there, technically they were going door through a separation and so she just, excuse me, she decided to go to south Carolina post. One of her friends had a house down there and was letting her live there for like basically um rent free. So we moved with her but then he admit my stepdad eventually came down to, but now they're separated, they're divorced. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yes. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Have you stayed in south Carolina in your whole life?
SPEAKER_L: I moved to florida for a little while and came back up here and then I lived in Georgia for a bit.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. My um I got a twin brother who's in Georgia,
SPEAKER_L: Really? What part? No, I don't know where that's, I lived in Albany. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: so where did you, where were you born?
SPEAKER_L: Colombia.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so you're back, where he was born? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yes. What about you? Where you originally
SPEAKER_R: where
SPEAKER_L: border?
SPEAKER_R: I'm at now, which is um Lumberton, north Carolina. Can you ever have there
SPEAKER_L: Willingham?
SPEAKER_R: Lumberton?
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I haven't heard of one because where is that?
SPEAKER_R: It's not too far from Wilmington. A spot like an hour and a half for a moment.
SPEAKER_L: I have some friends that moved to Wilmington for a job not too long ago. So.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Wilmington's a pretty nice place. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The beach.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They love it up there. I was like I wish I could move there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we actually came back from the beach um Carolina beach in South Court. You know, they're kind of looking at each other. I was driving through south when I was like, it would be so nice to have a healthier, not at the beach. You know, they filmed some movies there from like Nicholas Sparks or something like that. Yeah, in south Korea.
SPEAKER_L: Hm. That's awesome. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: what do you know if we're living
SPEAKER_L: I worked at a pet store. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: do you have any pets yourself?
SPEAKER_L: We have a ton. Yeah, we have a lot. Yeah A ton.
SPEAKER_R: Mm Yeah, I don't have any pets at the moment, but I want dogs. So bad.
SPEAKER_L: They're annoying. Sometimes they've been we uh we actually you may hurt, we actually do factory hunting. So you may hear a hawk here soon,
SPEAKER_R: how are other
SPEAKER_L: you know? Hey screens is so low, definitely not. This what about you?
SPEAKER_R: I don't have any at the moment um but I've had had dogs in the past. Yeah and I want a dog so bad but like my places I have it now um they don't allow pets.
SPEAKER_L: That's the worst. I hate. That's
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: the hard thing about finding the house or anywhere to live with dogs too.
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: And when they do, they jack the ran up like an extra $200. It's like they don't get a job, they can't pay the rent. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I hate that, that's why I said like when my lease is up here and I find another place they've got a lot
SPEAKER_L: What kind of dog do you want to get?
SPEAKER_R: um it really doesn't matter right now, I just I don't care about to swallow oh I have met like one chilled chihuahua and like
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: they were like you know they were quiet and lovely and you know what I'm saying? And then the other ones that I've met they just remember the whole
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: people evil hold it out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but then that I don't care to which one? Like I'm not even like I thought about like adoptive one, you know like um with adopted pit do that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Coffee. What do you do for a living? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in juvenile services. So um I was a residential counselor in a group home
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: working. Yeah. Well.
SPEAKER_L: Sometimes it's also happy, but you have the drive to do that,
SPEAKER_R: Yes you have to have patience because like with our agency um it's like a christian based
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: um agency called this method is called method is like it's under methodist and like you can't say or do what you want to do but you know how the kids are too uh Yeah and so you know, they're juveniles and they're there for, you know, offenses and stuff and their court ordered to be there. So, you know, a lot of them come in hating you already and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah right off of that.
SPEAKER_R: yes. And sometimes you just want to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Have a real come to jesus meeting with them and they're like hmm, mm
SPEAKER_R: that say something cause you know, they push you out or something. I'm like, oh, just keeping it across.
SPEAKER_L: You just have to, they were like okay, I'll let you do this with your girl.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because like if we say something back to like, we have like our agency is like very strict on how we talk to them and interact with them. So like we say something out of the way, like we don't even have to cuss at them or anything. But if we say just something out of the way we could end up getting fired. You know, it's just like working for, and you said you have to have a bunch of patients and know when to keep your mouth closed.
SPEAKER_L: and just get by, just smile and wave,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Smiling way boys.
SPEAKER_L: how did you get into that?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I'm actually going for my Bs. And um criminal justice. So um yeah I saw that open for there and I was like well because I never really um initially thought we're working with juveniles but then when I saw that I was like well you know it doesn't it could be you know experience getting my foot in the door and everything. So I plan for it and I got it and it's just been experience seriously.
SPEAKER_L: Are you gonna stick with juveniles after you get your? Yes, and we're
SPEAKER_R: Long
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: picks. I'm not sure if I do sit with juveniles. It would either be um you know like A Y. D. C. With which is you know a youth detention center maybe with with the city because you know it offers more pain, more benefits. You know it's not as restricted as my agency is now. And if not that maybe a juvenile court counselor which
SPEAKER_L: thank you
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's like um you know you placed him in different places and you go to court with them And you know basically just make sure that they're doing what they're supposed to be doing and you don't have to stay with them, you know 24/7 and like we do as residential counselors mm
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: But I knew that. Yeah, it's not that probably I have thought about, you know just being um a parole officer or something my dad with the doors but I don't know because the kids that my group home now and they always send you miss tell you so sure you welcome kid yourself. Yeah. I got Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Animals, that's cool though, that takes a lot, I can't imagine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You you will definitely hear some stuff vince's and stuff in it. Okay?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you married or anything
SPEAKER_L: I have a long term boyfriend. Yes, he's the one that's upstairs with the birds right now,
SPEAKER_R: With the birds? Uh huh,
SPEAKER_L: What about you?
SPEAKER_R: dipping at the moment.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How is dating when you live in the residential thing,
SPEAKER_R: Yes. See this whole like Mhm. Um Coach. Like how our schedules is. It's basically If we get lucky, we're supposed to be working 12. I mean 12 days out of the month. And um we do three days on and then the rest there we go. So we stay, you know overnight during those three days at the group home. Um But most of time it does not work out like that. So no one time our family service special shoes.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Just like I see you every day. And I was like, I feel like I live here like all the time. So it's it's not I don't think our position is like very family oriented if you wanted to be a resistant to counsel because you have like a whole bunch of time that you just add the home with them. And so it does make it hard for date and and like even just you know hanging out with friends and family when you want to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can imagine. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: and so it's like to um you know like I said it's like three consecutive days And we work 15 hour shoes Those from like 7810 p. And like so we basically we wake up before to you they would go to bed after them so it's the it can get tired. And there's like for my agency anyway there's like a high turnover rate for residential counselors.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How long have you been with them?
SPEAKER_R: Um I want to say this by my year several months in my agency now.
SPEAKER_L: Is that more than normal or? That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: I told I was looking at um the ones that I had did my training um with because we do we go to our head agency for a week up to two weeks and then you know put us up in hotel rooms and everything for all our training, anything because we have to be first aid certified. Can I build a B list certified and unarmed? Self defense certified. So um and then I was looking at the ones you know that I had winter with which is probably like Probably 10 that was there in my hiring class and I don't think none of them besides the one is still there. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: That is insane.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mm. But I think you know if they would um for the resistance of counselors at least you know give us more pay or like a sentence or leeway or something because they are very strict on our schedules and everything. We do anyone have such a high turnover rate.
SPEAKER_L: You can.
SPEAKER_R: So it and that's what it is.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's crazy because then like you've probably had enough time to bond with some of the kids that have been there more long term and and when they have that constant I feel like that's better for their development like that.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. But since I've been there too because you know I've said I've been there for like Close to two years now and we've had uh when I was first started there are programming under she was there maybe six months after I had been there but she moved on to her position but she knows she was still going to the home just periodically. They so then we had excuse me we had one to step in for
SPEAKER_L: What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and then we got our permanent one that was supposed to be permanent And then she was there maybe three months. Yeah so they have and then we got you know the one that was initially there um filling in from the first one she's back then. So now we don't have a permanent manager, program manager there now.
SPEAKER_L: Have you thought about doing that?
SPEAKER_R: Oh I have put pain to what your responsibilities are. It's like cause your own call basically 24/7 and the pay for is just not worth in my opinion because it's not it's really not too much more than a residential counselor.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And actually controls your whole life? You really wouldn't have anything? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: No And um you know they get taught there you know school throughout the school year because they're they're there for like four And can be up there to eight months most
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: of their are there for those six months just on how their treatment is going. And so you know they get taught there at the group home by a lesson instinct teacher. And since I've been there when I first got there are teacher there she was there maybe three months and so before she got you know a better opportunity which I don't blame because you know they get some are all more pay and you know this with the county and everything and and then we didn't have a teacher for like a year until another one came and then she was there probably not even two months before she got another better opportunity. So right now they don't even have a license tincture.
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy. Like no wonder there's
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: so many problems still. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I think orange, see they really need to step it up. Step to pay up, but as soon as up or something because they just have a high turnover rate overall.
SPEAKER_L: that's insane. Yeah, because I mean it's not really doing anything, the success rate for the kids is probably extremely low.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The received, um, protect citizen marais is just like, especially for like our home to juvenile homes is low compared to like, you know, the other homes, like traditional transitional homes or something like that. Yeah, It's just, it's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: And I feel like with them being like church based, they probably don't pay as many taxes, so I feel like they're getting a ton of tax cuts, so they definitely be like having the plans.
SPEAKER_R: They have the funds, to me in my opinion. They have the funds coaches nonprofit. Then they get, you know, donations and stuff too from other people. And then they have like, you know, gallons and stuff every year to bring in more donations.
SPEAKER_L: The money.
SPEAKER_R: Right? And then they even, um, one time they had said something like one of our stuff. Um, and the things that we had like a minute repair or something and then I would stand like how one person had passed away and lift like all of their money basically to, you know, the agency that y'all constantly get money in. Like, what's the problem? What's going on? Mm hmm. I don't know what it would,
SPEAKER_L: Something not right, that, well, that just sounds great. There is no way that because I imagine they're not like building new facilities or anything like that.
SPEAKER_R: They were thinking about building. They have just basically built another one like uh, a combo of a transitional home and then like the home now working in which is the juvenile home. Well, other than that, I think that was the last november. They built another one to another group home. Um, yeah, another were calm. And then the traditional slash juvenile home. Other than that, it's just, I mean they got the funds but still it's just, I've been doing, I don't know, I don't know what they're doing.
SPEAKER_L: because I feel like if they wanted to be like super successful, you know, y'all would mentor them, that's what you're doing and then the kids would want to give back to what they're doing and become then towards themselves and then they have a cycle of their own kind of people and so it can help other kids and it doesn't sound like they really want to help. They just wanna profit
SPEAKER_R: Ronnie.
SPEAKER_L: on a non profit.
SPEAKER_R: Well, you know how most people and agencies and corporations is not, it's just money, money, money more.
SPEAKER_L: species they just put a fake face on it and they're like oh yeah it's the same. I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: never thought that happened with like those kind of agencies though
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, Yes, it happens. The thing that they want would want, you know, keep like, especially in my position, residential counselors, like I said, we have high turnover rates. You know, you would think that they want them to have them to stay, residential counselors and the program managers to stay. So they would have a more stable environment for the kids because most of the kids have come there anyway. They don't have a stable environment and they either live with just most of them anyway, end up just having one parent and most sometimes it's just their mom, we want to save the grandparents and so they're already coming from an unstable environment so you would think that it wants them to have a more stable environment and keep presidential councils and program managers around long so you know that have the environment for him but I guess not
SPEAKER_L: it just let it all blows my mind like right
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: well kudos to you for sticking it out that long. What's the, right?
SPEAKER_R: it's mental that my kids you will you will definitely see some things of those kids and we actually have one um run away from the group home. You've like um usually we um R. A. is normally range from like um 12 to 13 2 17. Bar they just went up went up so we can keep 18 year olds now. And but this one was the youngest one we had and he was 11 years old when he first came to the greek problem and like can you were the worst one and then he was left and ended up coming back because nobody wouldn't take him. So when he came back she was 12 years old and then he ran away from the front And now he is in which were Liberal one. So now you know why they see which is the youth detention center and it's basically like a basically in many prisons for kids. So now he's there until he's 17 - 18 years old.
SPEAKER_L: it was awful
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That is
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: correct
SPEAKER_L: we're probably they probably have a high turnover rate and they're not really doing anything to benefit him so when he gets out he's probably just going to go to jail or something.
SPEAKER_R: yes. Most of them um a lot of kids you know when they go to way they see because you know if they're underage and like maybe they commit like a really bad feeling is like committing murder or something if you're under age to get away singing and then once they added out of that they will go to you know like adult prison. Yeah. It's just crazy
SPEAKER_L: Yeah mm it's a sad system I mean that sounds awful.
SPEAKER_R: and that yeah me personally I make our whole G. Um C. J. System should be reformed.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah it's I mean it doesn't do anything beneficial for anybody.
SPEAKER_R: Yes it's.
SPEAKER_L: It's all there all money hungry. They all destroy all they don't give they don't give them any kind of future. They don't give them any kind of hope. They don't they just think of them as I don't want to say cattle because it's not exactly like that but I mean they even put them to work and make a profit off of them and give them oh here here's 15 cents towards canteen, here's this through that and it's in there but they're making license plates, they're cleaning the roads there um in California they will use them as firefighters, yep.
SPEAKER_R: yeah you're about that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and they were like okay we'll we'll pay the firefighters their normal pay but you can get like a dollar. Yeah like
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: what they can't build themselves off of a dollar, You don't give them proper education, you barely give them proper nutrients Stick it, you stick like 20 billion in one spot.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah describes how I can trade him. Oh and then like a lot of people to you know you just don't know if they're innocent or not depending on you know like DNA exonerations or something. You know they have um you know some has been in there for years until they get A D. N. A. Um exoneration and then they're like oh they're guilty. I mean you don't I mean they're innocent mm hmm. And after they had spent by half their life in there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and so they're already conditioned to live in a fear that they can't get rid of when they come out insane.
SPEAKER_R: It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my brother went through the cycle for a bit so
SPEAKER_R: Alright. For adults or juveniles? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: both he He was last in prison for his second uh 2nd round of Grand Theft Auto. So but it's like The way they treated him and everything was insane and then when he was a kid because this all started back when he was like 14. Yeah so and he's so he's been in and out
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: to listen to him for about 20, years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well that's a lot of love right there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and it's like it's all wasted, it's and they didn't do anything to help him. He's acting like he's got mental issues which doesn't completely excuse him at all. And the doctor for them on his own terms. But like they didn't give him proper medication while he was in there for his schizophrenia and bipolar. And
SPEAKER_R: So they didn't have him see a therapist or anything like he was in there.
SPEAKER_L: I had not to my knowledge. No because I know at one because he's trying to kill himself multiple times and everything to um So he's been in and out and like wards and
SPEAKER_R: Whole
SPEAKER_L: all kinds of stuff. Uh But I know he's he doesn't have any money. You can't get a real job because he's been in federal prison. Um But they didn't like he was there when he was there, they weren't trying to help him with education. They may have gone like a like just a basic therapist to talk through these issues, but nobody to help him with any medications or anything for sure. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And I think, you know, they would have tried that when they were in group homes, when he was, you know, they might have found out sooner than he was bipolar or that was also Like 20 years ago when they weren't really site, everything wasn't where it was, but still I don't do they even test the kids that come in for any
SPEAKER_R: Our group home, most of them end up going to go see a therapist and if not all going to see adopted two and most of our kids that end up being there there on some sort of medication and a lot of it is dealing with, you know, mental disabilities like bipolar depression, um schizophrenia, all kinds of stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: Most.
SPEAKER_L: all the people, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And they we have a program to where we go to every week with them um for substance abuse because you know, a lot of them are either like, you know smoking marijuana or drink and you know, stuff like that. So they get every week through. Right.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. That's that's definitely a change in the system from when he was. So at least it's progressing a little. It doesn't sound like it's doing time to time, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know, as time goes on, you need more progression.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Yeah. Especially with people that realize the issues and I mean you're out here educating people. Like I had no clue about half that stuff. We're out here educating people. So you have more people fighting for what's going to change and what's going to be right and then you're doing it yourself, especially if I go on and get a bachelor's of Science for it, like making everybody's got a right choice and you're sticking in the field. I mean most people, like you said, most people gave up.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yeah, they do. I don't want him to stay there a year before they're out. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that, I mean that's phenomenal that you've done that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, I can say to it takes a lot of patients.
SPEAKER_L: I can only probably just like, so,
SPEAKER_R: jesus keep me okay.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's awesome. Right?
SPEAKER_R: How did you hear about this study?
SPEAKER_L: um I've been on prolific since Covid started, so that's where it linked me to it. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um I didn't hear about prolific until um I saw something. I'm like a subreddit on Reddit,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's where I found it back then.
SPEAKER_R: Royal City. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: Uh You see it on beer money? Yeah, That's what I want it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but that's one of my favorite sites I find so much on there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I found that this one the prolific and uh que me or queen me or something that Yeah, that one and um user testing hurt. I saw 1 um Where they had like the September earnings that I saw and one person had earned like over $3,000. I say. What?
SPEAKER_L: wow. I see some of those people, I'm like, this is my, this must be all you do all day every day like.
SPEAKER_R: Don't stay on prolific like that.
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was like wow crazy. Like $303,000. Like how do you do that?
SPEAKER_L: I barely get like one or 2 surveys a week. What is this life? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: What are the um separates do you like
SPEAKER_L: I like freebies.
SPEAKER_R: for you? Wait.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's a real like uh there was something on there, I got like a free breakfast bar from publix today because they're like use this keep on and there's a lot of CBD gummies coming out so they've been like sending a bunch of CVD stuff and I think the best thing I've ever gotten from there was I've gotten like full things of shampoo and conditioner, I'm getting toothpaste next week. Uh
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Probably we'll see if it comes in the mail hope. But yeah it's awesome that um gardening and basically just how to live off away from the government kind of that sounds awful but what about you, what are your favorites?
SPEAKER_R: Um I like Dunder mifflin because I'm a big like the oldest man and um random acts of amazon. That's cool one to have you heard of that one?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like if you have an amazon account like you make a wish list now you just interact with the users and stuff and they'll have contests and everything and like they'll get like if you win the contest contest with um to say you they will buy you something off your wish list. Yeah and like you can give people and no gift, you know what that and um I like rent a mix of cards. I sent out cards sometimes in some people. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: and so ask Reddit which you knew.
SPEAKER_L: Always That was a good one. Have you ever done secret santa or the card?
SPEAKER_R: I didn't really my first time last year. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I got on Reddit about eight years ago. So I've been doing it every year since. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Room?
SPEAKER_L: I've got some really like I had this one guy I really like the Lion King, but he made me a Woodburn of the Lion King face. Yeah, that was the best president ever got.
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: last year this guy got me a lamp. Well, football.
SPEAKER_R: What it was like thinking lap
SPEAKER_L: No, it was, it was, it was a lamp that you can set a timer for like 30 minutes on. I was like, all right, well, I'm going to sell this and make some money on Facebook. That sounds bad. But uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: put
SPEAKER_L: some little
SPEAKER_R: the picture, are you gonna do it this year?
SPEAKER_L: I think so. I think, I don't know if there's going to be a lot of participation with Covid and everything. That's the only thing. Um But other than that it's been pretty solid.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I thought my last month, well you know my first one anyway was because they just asked um you know they hadn't put too much in their information thing. So you know I had missing gym and then it was just saying you know they had just got out of a bad breakup or someone and they thought you know just let their spirits or something in a way and they didn't really care too much about, you know, monetary value of their gift. They really just like if you was in like the homemade stuff that they were like that, I was like, okay, I got you because I was trying to learn how to paint, teaching myself how to paint and stuff too. So I sent them a little small paintings like, you know, trees like fir trees with like snow and stuff and then um stuff for their cat.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. I
SPEAKER_R: I'm cool.
SPEAKER_L: would like that for real
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I thought it was pretty cool. So I'm planning on doing it this year too.
SPEAKER_L: wolf. Do you still paint?
SPEAKER_R: I do well you know, not as often, but you know, I'm still trying to teach myself. I'm starting to work to with no charcoal pencils that I recently did one with, you know the balloon dog animals? Yeah. I try to do that one with charcoal open so many.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. That's something really hard to teach yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. And I'm like I watch mainly, I like a more visual learner. So I watch like a lot of Youtube videos or I look at pictures like stepping step or I just look at a picture to see where they put like certain lines and stuff. Mm hmm. This is like a face that I tried um that I was working on my face. I don't know if you can see that.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Well, we crap. And how long have you been doing that? You said you were just learning last year and you can throw eyes like that. What other people like I was just in how far I was Michaels and it's like this is how you're going to draw eyes because they're the hardest thing,
SPEAKER_R: It is hard because you're doing so much detail them. You don't even realize. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but looks like you've been doing it for years. You need to start doing like an SD page so you can sell that. That is insanely talented. And that's just like you were just randomly working on like
SPEAKER_R: Mm Yeah. I'm trying to teach myself, you know, because I really like faces and eyes. So we're all bingo job stuff real basically this is the um the balloon dog did I try to do in um the charcoal pencil if you can see this one?
SPEAKER_L: That is awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like that doesn't look like you were trying, that looks like you, like you knew what you were doing.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Well that's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: am. Mhm. Yeah. I looked at um for that when I actually looked up paintings for like people doing this stuff try to fall along for like the lines that they would do and everything and just try to fall along that way.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that is so cool.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I can't believe you've only been doing that for like a year.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Wait, I think most of it for me, like I said it's basically just visual like I got I'm supposed to be doing,
SPEAKER_L: that's straight talent, like not even, I'm just blown away. Like I I don't have anything that you could see that I would ever try to draw because I can't no mm like I'm one of those people, you can't read my writing, you can't read my, you know, no talent in my hands whatsoever. Hand eye coordination and just to see people that can do that
SPEAKER_R: It is it's name like you know you see some of these artisans that's been at it for years and stuff and like they get those fine details and everything, you know how like it's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: need to post that on like our picks or are drawing or something and
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: um posted the the first picture that I showed you the
SPEAKER_L: all rooms
SPEAKER_R: face. Like I had a side by side picture of like I think I want to say it was maybe like a month or two months progress. Uh One that I try to do on my own and then one that I you know, actually tried, you know, looking at stuff and watching video. So I think I got that one posted on my Reddit page. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. All Well it was then I think we're at the 25 were over the 25 marks. Yeah, So I'm getting hungry, I don't know about you but can accomplish er there was such a pleasure to talk to you like you were using the 100% best person I've met out
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: of this whole thing.
SPEAKER_R: you've been cool yourself?
SPEAKER_L: I think I can't, I better see some of yourself on our picks. I don't know what I'm gonna keep an eye out just be like, hey this is the girlfriend prolific.
SPEAKER_R: If you wanna see me get on with red or anything, my username is soy can. Um
SPEAKER_L: well I'm gonna look you up mind stripes weaker so weaker
SPEAKER_R: squeaker.
SPEAKER_L: like a squeaker toy, yep, so I'll see you. I definitely feel like yeah she's the best, make sure she opens it on the page, you buy it off of her. Perfect business gifts. Go ahead. Make your own hallmark cards from her. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: was not meeting you?
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you too. Have a good night
SPEAKER_R: You too?
SPEAKER_L: beth.