Oh yeah sure. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. What you want? Okay. Yeah. One yeah. With Okay. Okay. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. I still have two minutes to wait at least five minutes from my apartment to show up. Mm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
So
Hey.
Good. How are you today?
You're my first partner. The shows in like three weeks. Yeah.
You're the first girl I've ever had to
because this is like my seventh or eighth time doing this with also partner and they've all been dials. Yeah, it's crazy. Well
You know how, you know, you know, talk the whole time didn't want to mm
there was one that did um but he was a shy college student So for the rest of them were like in their 30s and 40s and have these jobs and they're like flexing on it and I'm just like awful.
It's Rebecca, what about you?
So nice. You sound like you have a southern accent. Where are you from?
I'm in south Carolina. Oh
Yes,
nope. I'm from Colombia so I got lucky but I live in Greenville net,
No. Anyway, well
I was gonna say what brought you down here when you were here?
yes. Oh
I moved to florida for a little while and came back up here and then I lived in Georgia for a bit.
Really? What part? No, I don't know where that's, I lived in Albany. Yeah
Colombia.
Yes. What about you? Where you originally
border?
Willingham?
Oh no, I haven't heard of one because where is that?
I have some friends that moved to Wilmington for a job not too long ago. So.
Yeah.
Yeah. They love it up there. I was like I wish I could move there.
Hm. That's awesome. Uh huh.
Right.
I worked at a pet store. Yeah.
We have a ton. Yeah, we have a lot. Yeah A ton.
They're annoying. Sometimes they've been we uh we actually you may hurt, we actually do factory hunting. So you may hear a hawk here soon,
you know? Hey screens is so low, definitely not. This what about you?
That's the worst. I hate. That's
the hard thing about finding the house or anywhere to live with dogs too.
And when they do, they jack the ran up like an extra $200. It's like they don't get a job, they can't pay the rent. Oh yeah.
What kind of dog do you want to get?
Well.
well
people evil hold it out. Yeah.
Coffee. What do you do for a living? Yeah.
That's
Sometimes it's also happy, but you have the drive to do that,
Well
Yeah right off of that.
Uh huh. Have a real come to jesus meeting with them and they're like hmm, mm
You just have to, they were like okay, I'll let you do this with your girl.
and just get by, just smile and wave,
how did you get into that?
Are you gonna stick with juveniles after you get your? Yes, and we're
gonna
thank you
for
that's
Animals, that's cool though, that takes a lot, I can't imagine.
Uh huh.
So
I have a long term boyfriend. Yes, he's the one that's upstairs with the birds right now,
What about you?
Yeah. How is dating when you live in the residential thing,
What?
Yeah I can imagine. Oh.
Yeah. How long have you been with them?
Is that more than normal or? That's awesome.
That is insane.
You can.
Yeah. That's crazy because then like you've probably had enough time to bond with some of the kids that have been there more long term and and when they have that constant I feel like that's better for their development like that.
What? Yeah.
Have you thought about doing that?
Yeah. And actually controls your whole life? You really wouldn't have anything? Uh huh.
Well
that's crazy. Like no wonder there's
so many problems still. Right.
that's insane. Yeah, because I mean it's not really doing anything, the success rate for the kids is probably extremely low.
And I feel like with them being like church based, they probably don't pay as many taxes, so I feel like they're getting a ton of tax cuts, so they definitely be like having the plans.
The money.
Something not right, that, well, that just sounds great. There is no way that because I imagine they're not like building new facilities or anything like that.
because I feel like if they wanted to be like super successful, you know, y'all would mentor them, that's what you're doing and then the kids would want to give back to what they're doing and become then towards themselves and then they have a cycle of their own kind of people and so it can help other kids and it doesn't sound like they really want to help. They just wanna profit
on a non profit.
species they just put a fake face on it and they're like oh yeah it's the same. I
never thought that happened with like those kind of agencies though
it just let it all blows my mind like right
well kudos to you for sticking it out that long. What's the, right?
it was awful
and
we're probably they probably have a high turnover rate and they're not really doing anything to benefit him so when he gets out he's probably just going to go to jail or something.
Yeah mm it's a sad system I mean that sounds awful.
Oh yeah it's I mean it doesn't do anything beneficial for anybody.
It's all there all money hungry. They all destroy all they don't give they don't give them any kind of future. They don't give them any kind of hope. They don't they just think of them as I don't want to say cattle because it's not exactly like that but I mean they even put them to work and make a profit off of them and give them oh here here's 15 cents towards canteen, here's this through that and it's in there but they're making license plates, they're cleaning the roads there um in California they will use them as firefighters, yep.
Yeah and they were like okay we'll we'll pay the firefighters their normal pay but you can get like a dollar. Yeah like
what they can't build themselves off of a dollar, You don't give them proper education, you barely give them proper nutrients Stick it, you stick like 20 billion in one spot.
Yeah and so they're already conditioned to live in a fear that they can't get rid of when they come out insane.
my brother went through the cycle for a bit so
both he He was last in prison for his second uh 2nd round of Grand Theft Auto. So but it's like The way they treated him and everything was insane and then when he was a kid because this all started back when he was like 14. Yeah so and he's so he's been in and out
to listen to him for about 20, years. Yeah.
Yeah and it's like it's all wasted, it's and they didn't do anything to help him. He's acting like he's got mental issues which doesn't completely excuse him at all. And the doctor for them on his own terms. But like they didn't give him proper medication while he was in there for his schizophrenia and bipolar. And
I had not to my knowledge. No because I know at one because he's trying to kill himself multiple times and everything to um So he's been in and out and like wards and
all kinds of stuff. Uh But I know he's he doesn't have any money. You can't get a real job because he's been in federal prison. Um But they didn't like he was there when he was there, they weren't trying to help him with education. They may have gone like a like just a basic therapist to talk through these issues, but nobody to help him with any medications or anything for sure. Yes.
And I think, you know, they would have tried that when they were in group homes, when he was, you know, they might have found out sooner than he was bipolar or that was also Like 20 years ago when they weren't really site, everything wasn't where it was, but still I don't do they even test the kids that come in for any
That's
all the people, you know?
That's awesome. That's that's definitely a change in the system from when he was. So at least it's progressing a little. It doesn't sound like it's doing time to time, but
thank you. Yeah. Especially with people that realize the issues and I mean you're out here educating people. Like I had no clue about half that stuff. We're out here educating people. So you have more people fighting for what's going to change and what's going to be right and then you're doing it yourself, especially if I go on and get a bachelor's of Science for it, like making everybody's got a right choice and you're sticking in the field. I mean most people, like you said, most people gave up.
that, I mean that's phenomenal that you've done that.
I can only probably just like, so,
Oh, that's awesome. Right?
um I've been on prolific since Covid started, so that's where it linked me to it. What about you?
Yeah, that's where I found it back then.
Mhm,
Yeah, but that's one of my favorite sites I find so much on there.
wow. I see some of those people, I'm like, this is my, this must be all you do all day every day like.
No
I barely get like one or 2 surveys a week. What is this life? Mhm.
I like freebies.
Yeah it's a real like uh there was something on there, I got like a free breakfast bar from publix today because they're like use this keep on and there's a lot of CBD gummies coming out so they've been like sending a bunch of CVD stuff and I think the best thing I've ever gotten from there was I've gotten like full things of shampoo and conditioner, I'm getting toothpaste next week. Uh
Probably we'll see if it comes in the mail hope. But yeah it's awesome that um gardening and basically just how to live off away from the government kind of that sounds awful but what about you, what are your favorites?
No.
Oh
Always That was a good one. Have you ever done secret santa or the card?
awesome.
Yeah, I got on Reddit about eight years ago. So I've been doing it every year since. Yeah,
I've got some really like I had this one guy I really like the Lion King, but he made me a Woodburn of the Lion King face. Yeah, that was the best president ever got.
And
then
last year this guy got me a lamp. Well, football.
No, it was, it was, it was a lamp that you can set a timer for like 30 minutes on. I was like, all right, well, I'm going to sell this and make some money on Facebook. That sounds bad. But uh huh
They
have
some little
I think so. I think, I don't know if there's going to be a lot of participation with Covid and everything. That's the only thing. Um But other than that it's been pretty solid.
That's awesome. I
would like that for real
wolf. Do you still paint?
That's awesome. That's something really hard to teach yourself.
That's awesome. Well, we crap. And how long have you been doing that? You said you were just learning last year and you can throw eyes like that. What other people like I was just in how far I was Michaels and it's like this is how you're going to draw eyes because they're the hardest thing,
but looks like you've been doing it for years. You need to start doing like an SD page so you can sell that. That is insanely talented. And that's just like you were just randomly working on like
That is awesome.
Like that doesn't look like you were trying, that looks like you, like you knew what you were doing.
Well that's ridiculous.
Oh that is so cool.
I can't believe you've only been doing that for like a year.
that's straight talent, like not even, I'm just blown away. Like I I don't have anything that you could see that I would ever try to draw because I can't no mm like I'm one of those people, you can't read my writing, you can't read my, you know, no talent in my hands whatsoever. Hand eye coordination and just to see people that can do that
you
need to post that on like our picks or are drawing or something and
it's
all rooms
that's awesome. All Well it was then I think we're at the 25 were over the 25 marks. Yeah, So I'm getting hungry, I don't know about you but can accomplish er there was such a pleasure to talk to you like you were using the 100% best person I've met out
of this whole thing.
I think I can't, I better see some of yourself on our picks. I don't know what I'm gonna keep an eye out just be like, hey this is the girlfriend prolific.
well I'm gonna look you up mind stripes weaker so weaker
like a squeaker toy, yep, so I'll see you. I definitely feel like yeah she's the best, make sure she opens it on the page, you buy it off of her. Perfect business gifts. Go ahead. Make your own hallmark cards from her. Yeah.
Well
nice to meet you too. Have a good night
beth.