All for one.
Hi,
carry you.
Good, Thank you.
Just my second time doing this. Mhm.
Oh, uh my first chat partner was a girl too. Uh huh.
And how are they? Oh
They didn't give you any um like the way to talk.
So Yeah. Yeah. So what's your name?
I'm Kayla.
I'm from north Carolina.
used to stay in your south Carolina for about two years, You know, Dylan there? Yeah,
I used to be there. There's nothing there.
yeah. You've got way more options than Dylan. Mhm.
Let's go ahead.
Um Well, it was like straight out of high school and I was still living at home and um my mom and my dad will step there, technically they were going door through a separation and so she just, excuse me, she decided to go to south Carolina post. One of her friends had a house down there and was letting her live there for like basically um rent free. So we moved with her but then he admit my stepdad eventually came down to, but now they're separated, they're divorced. Mhm.
Have you stayed in south Carolina in your whole life?
Okay. My um I got a twin brother who's in Georgia,
so where did you, where were you born?
Okay, so you're back, where he was born? Okay,
where
I'm at now, which is um Lumberton, north Carolina. Can you ever have there
Lumberton?
It's not too far from Wilmington. A spot like an hour and a half for a moment.
Okay. Yeah. Wilmington's a pretty nice place. Mhm.
The beach.
Yeah, we actually came back from the beach um Carolina beach in South Court. You know, they're kind of looking at each other. I was driving through south when I was like, it would be so nice to have a healthier, not at the beach. You know, they filmed some movies there from like Nicholas Sparks or something like that. Yeah, in south Korea.
Yeah,
what do you know if we're living
do you have any pets yourself?
Mm Yeah, I don't have any pets at the moment, but I want dogs. So bad.
how are other
I don't have any at the moment um but I've had had dogs in the past. Yeah and I want a dog so bad but like my places I have it now um they don't allow pets.
No
do
I hate that, that's why I said like when my lease is up here and I find another place they've got a lot
um it really doesn't matter right now, I just I don't care about to swallow oh I have met like one chilled chihuahua and like
they were like you know they were quiet and lovely and you know what I'm saying? And then the other ones that I've met they just remember the whole
time.
but then that I don't care to which one? Like I'm not even like I thought about like adoptive one, you know like um with adopted pit do that. Yeah.
I'm in juvenile services. So um I was a residential counselor in a group home
working. Yeah. Well.
Yes you have to have patience because like with our agency um it's like a christian based
um agency called this method is called method is like it's under methodist and like you can't say or do what you want to do but you know how the kids are too uh Yeah and so you know, they're juveniles and they're there for, you know, offenses and stuff and their court ordered to be there. So, you know, a lot of them come in hating you already and
yes. And sometimes you just want to. Yeah.
that say something cause you know, they push you out or something. I'm like, oh, just keeping it across.
Yeah. Because like if we say something back to like, we have like our agency is like very strict on how we talk to them and interact with them. So like we say something out of the way, like we don't even have to cuss at them or anything. But if we say just something out of the way we could end up getting fired. You know, it's just like working for, and you said you have to have a bunch of patients and know when to keep your mouth closed.
Yeah. Smiling way boys.
Um Well I'm actually going for my Bs. And um criminal justice. So um yeah I saw that open for there and I was like well because I never really um initially thought we're working with juveniles but then when I saw that I was like well you know it doesn't it could be you know experience getting my foot in the door and everything. So I plan for it and I got it and it's just been experience seriously.
Long
picks. I'm not sure if I do sit with juveniles. It would either be um you know like A Y. D. C. With which is you know a youth detention center maybe with with the city because you know it offers more pain, more benefits. You know it's not as restricted as my agency is now. And if not that maybe a juvenile court counselor which
is
yeah, it's like um you know you placed him in different places and you go to court with them And you know basically just make sure that they're doing what they're supposed to be doing and you don't have to stay with them, you know 24/7 and like we do as residential counselors mm
But I knew that. Yeah, it's not that probably I have thought about, you know just being um a parole officer or something my dad with the doors but I don't know because the kids that my group home now and they always send you miss tell you so sure you welcome kid yourself. Yeah. I got Yeah.
Yeah. You you will definitely hear some stuff vince's and stuff in it. Okay?
Are
you married or anything
With the birds? Uh huh,
dipping at the moment.
Yes. See this whole like Mhm. Um Coach. Like how our schedules is. It's basically If we get lucky, we're supposed to be working 12. I mean 12 days out of the month. And um we do three days on and then the rest there we go. So we stay, you know overnight during those three days at the group home. Um But most of time it does not work out like that. So no one time our family service special shoes.
Just like I see you every day. And I was like, I feel like I live here like all the time. So it's it's not I don't think our position is like very family oriented if you wanted to be a resistant to counsel because you have like a whole bunch of time that you just add the home with them. And so it does make it hard for date and and like even just you know hanging out with friends and family when you want to.
and so it's like to um you know like I said it's like three consecutive days And we work 15 hour shoes Those from like 7810 p. And like so we basically we wake up before to you they would go to bed after them so it's the it can get tired. And there's like for my agency anyway there's like a high turnover rate for residential counselors.
Um I want to say this by my year several months in my agency now.
I told I was looking at um the ones that I had did my training um with because we do we go to our head agency for a week up to two weeks and then you know put us up in hotel rooms and everything for all our training, anything because we have to be first aid certified. Can I build a B list certified and unarmed? Self defense certified. So um and then I was looking at the ones you know that I had winter with which is probably like Probably 10 that was there in my hiring class and I don't think none of them besides the one is still there. Yes.
Yeah. Mm. But I think you know if they would um for the resistance of counselors at least you know give us more pay or like a sentence or leeway or something because they are very strict on our schedules and everything. We do anyone have such a high turnover rate.
So it and that's what it is.
Mm. But since I've been there too because you know I've said I've been there for like Close to two years now and we've had uh when I was first started there are programming under she was there maybe six months after I had been there but she moved on to her position but she knows she was still going to the home just periodically. They so then we had excuse me we had one to step in for
and then we got our permanent one that was supposed to be permanent And then she was there maybe three months. Yeah so they have and then we got you know the one that was initially there um filling in from the first one she's back then. So now we don't have a permanent manager, program manager there now.
Oh I have put pain to what your responsibilities are. It's like cause your own call basically 24/7 and the pay for is just not worth in my opinion because it's not it's really not too much more than a residential counselor.
No And um you know they get taught there you know school throughout the school year because they're they're there for like four And can be up there to eight months most
of their are there for those six months just on how their treatment is going. And so you know they get taught there at the group home by a lesson instinct teacher. And since I've been there when I first got there are teacher there she was there maybe three months and so before she got you know a better opportunity which I don't blame because you know they get some are all more pay and you know this with the county and everything and and then we didn't have a teacher for like a year until another one came and then she was there probably not even two months before she got another better opportunity. So right now they don't even have a license tincture.
Well.
Yeah. So I think orange, see they really need to step it up. Step to pay up, but as soon as up or something because they just have a high turnover rate overall.
Yeah. The received, um, protect citizen marais is just like, especially for like our home to juvenile homes is low compared to like, you know, the other homes, like traditional transitional homes or something like that. Yeah, It's just, it's crazy.
They have the funds, to me in my opinion. They have the funds coaches nonprofit. Then they get, you know, donations and stuff too from other people. And then they have like, you know, gallons and stuff every year to bring in more donations.
Right? And then they even, um, one time they had said something like one of our stuff. Um, and the things that we had like a minute repair or something and then I would stand like how one person had passed away and lift like all of their money basically to, you know, the agency that y'all constantly get money in. Like, what's the problem? What's going on? Mm hmm. I don't know what it would,
They were thinking about building. They have just basically built another one like uh, a combo of a transitional home and then like the home now working in which is the juvenile home. Well, other than that, I think that was the last november. They built another one to another group home. Um, yeah, another were calm. And then the traditional slash juvenile home. Other than that, it's just, I mean they got the funds but still it's just, I've been doing, I don't know, I don't know what they're doing.
Ronnie.
Well, you know how most people and agencies and corporations is not, it's just money, money, money more.
And
Oh yeah, Yes, it happens. The thing that they want would want, you know, keep like, especially in my position, residential counselors, like I said, we have high turnover rates. You know, you would think that they want them to have them to stay, residential counselors and the program managers to stay. So they would have a more stable environment for the kids because most of the kids have come there anyway. They don't have a stable environment and they either live with just most of them anyway, end up just having one parent and most sometimes it's just their mom, we want to save the grandparents and so they're already coming from an unstable environment so you would think that it wants them to have a more stable environment and keep presidential councils and program managers around long so you know that have the environment for him but I guess not
Mhm.
it's mental that my kids you will you will definitely see some things of those kids and we actually have one um run away from the group home. You've like um usually we um R. A. is normally range from like um 12 to 13 2 17. Bar they just went up went up so we can keep 18 year olds now. And but this one was the youngest one we had and he was 11 years old when he first came to the greek problem and like can you were the worst one and then he was left and ended up coming back because nobody wouldn't take him. So when he came back she was 12 years old and then he ran away from the front And now he is in which were Liberal one. So now you know why they see which is the youth detention center and it's basically like a basically in many prisons for kids. So now he's there until he's 17 - 18 years old.
Mhm. That is
correct
yes. Most of them um a lot of kids you know when they go to way they see because you know if they're underage and like maybe they commit like a really bad feeling is like committing murder or something if you're under age to get away singing and then once they added out of that they will go to you know like adult prison. Yeah. It's just crazy
and that yeah me personally I make our whole G. Um C. J. System should be reformed.
Yes it's.
yeah you're about that. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah describes how I can trade him. Oh and then like a lot of people to you know you just don't know if they're innocent or not depending on you know like DNA exonerations or something. You know they have um you know some has been in there for years until they get A D. N. A. Um exoneration and then they're like oh they're guilty. I mean you don't I mean they're innocent mm hmm. And after they had spent by half their life in there.
It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah.
Alright. For adults or juveniles? Yeah.
Well.
well that's a lot of love right there.
So they didn't have him see a therapist or anything like he was in there.
Whole
Yeah.
Our group home, most of them end up going to go see a therapist and if not all going to see adopted two and most of our kids that end up being there there on some sort of medication and a lot of it is dealing with, you know, mental disabilities like bipolar depression, um schizophrenia, all kinds of stuff like that.
Most.
Yeah. And they we have a program to where we go to every week with them um for substance abuse because you know, a lot of them are either like, you know smoking marijuana or drink and you know, stuff like that. So they get every week through. Right.
Yeah. You know, as time goes on, you need more progression.
Yes. Yeah, they do. I don't want him to stay there a year before they're out. Mhm.
Yeah. Well, I can say to it takes a lot of patients.
jesus keep me okay.
How did you hear about this study?
Okay. Um I didn't hear about prolific until um I saw something. I'm like a subreddit on Reddit,
Royal City. Mhm.
Uh You see it on beer money? Yeah, That's what I want it.
Yeah, I found that this one the prolific and uh que me or queen me or something that Yeah, that one and um user testing hurt. I saw 1 um Where they had like the September earnings that I saw and one person had earned like over $3,000. I say. What?
Don't stay on prolific like that.
Yeah. I was like wow crazy. Like $303,000. Like how do you do that?
What are the um separates do you like
for you? Wait.
yeah.
Um I like Dunder mifflin because I'm a big like the oldest man and um random acts of amazon. That's cool one to have you heard of that one?
Yeah. Like if you have an amazon account like you make a wish list now you just interact with the users and stuff and they'll have contests and everything and like they'll get like if you win the contest contest with um to say you they will buy you something off your wish list. Yeah and like you can give people and no gift, you know what that and um I like rent a mix of cards. I sent out cards sometimes in some people. Yeah
and so ask Reddit which you knew.
I didn't really my first time last year. Yes.
Have you been?
Room?
How
about
that?
What it was like thinking lap
Well
you
put
the picture, are you gonna do it this year?
Yeah, I thought my last month, well you know my first one anyway was because they just asked um you know they hadn't put too much in their information thing. So you know I had missing gym and then it was just saying you know they had just got out of a bad breakup or someone and they thought you know just let their spirits or something in a way and they didn't really care too much about, you know, monetary value of their gift. They really just like if you was in like the homemade stuff that they were like that, I was like, okay, I got you because I was trying to learn how to paint, teaching myself how to paint and stuff too. So I sent them a little small paintings like, you know, trees like fir trees with like snow and stuff and then um stuff for their cat.
I'm cool.
Yeah, I thought it was pretty cool. So I'm planning on doing it this year too.
I do well you know, not as often, but you know, I'm still trying to teach myself. I'm starting to work to with no charcoal pencils that I recently did one with, you know the balloon dog animals? Yeah. I try to do that one with charcoal open so many.
Yes. And I'm like I watch mainly, I like a more visual learner. So I watch like a lot of Youtube videos or I look at pictures like stepping step or I just look at a picture to see where they put like certain lines and stuff. Mm hmm. This is like a face that I tried um that I was working on my face. I don't know if you can see that.
It is hard because you're doing so much detail them. You don't even realize. Yeah.
Mm Yeah. I'm trying to teach myself, you know, because I really like faces and eyes. So we're all bingo job stuff real basically this is the um the balloon dog did I try to do in um the charcoal pencil if you can see this one?
Yeah.
I
am. Mhm. Yeah. I looked at um for that when I actually looked up paintings for like people doing this stuff try to fall along for like the lines that they would do and everything and just try to fall along that way.
Thank you.
Yeah. Wait, I think most of it for me, like I said it's basically just visual like I got I'm supposed to be doing,
It is it's name like you know you see some of these artisans that's been at it for years and stuff and like they get those fine details and everything, you know how like it's
just
Which
um posted the the first picture that I showed you the
face. Like I had a side by side picture of like I think I want to say it was maybe like a month or two months progress. Uh One that I try to do on my own and then one that I you know, actually tried, you know, looking at stuff and watching video. So I think I got that one posted on my Reddit page. Yeah.
How
you've been cool yourself?
If you wanna see me get on with red or anything, my username is soy can. Um
squeaker.
What
was not meeting you?
You too?