Hello?
Good, how about you,
joe how about you?
Oh, nice to meet you, kevin.
Um Illinois april
Atlanta, very nice.
Um Well, I don't want to say the same as everywhere else because you know, different places handle it differently, but I mean uh they just have like signs and all the restaurants, businesses like, you know, put on the mask if you come in other than that, it's pretty chill where I live. I know some places, it's like really strict, I think like colorado is one of them. Like they don't want people uh walking around outside on trails without a mask, anything like that. How about in Georgia?
Uh like a specific picture?
Oh wow, I didn't see that.
Yeah, I don't know. It will be interesting to see what happens and again, like different places handle it differently. So like, you know, United States is doing different things than in europe Russia, places like that. So I don't know, like it seems in the United States, different things like vitamin C. hydroxychloroquine, they're kind of like demonized in the media here, but then in other countries they're getting decent results with it. I think ah Turkey is one of them, Maybe brazil, I'm not sure, but definitely Turkey.
you lived
in Taiwan, That's awesome.
right. Yeah, I know some places like don't even have lockdowns I think Sweden, maybe Japan and they're really not like it's not that bad there.
Yeah, that was already a thing like way before and the regulations.
man.
Oh I was just gonna say I'm optimistic about uh you know what's going to happen, I don't think, I think um unless some weird stuff happens then the worst of it is probably behind at least as far as like panic ghosts, you know what I mean? And like that surprise element of all of a sudden everything switched over. Like I'm working from home now, like that kind of thing.
and you'll have to waste time like traveling either.
Right, so I have a question for you, You said um you lived in Taiwan for a while, you've been to Japan, you teach english, So um what other languages do you speak?
Oh cool. I've been self studying spanish. Mm
Well I took spanish for four years in school, two years in middle school and then to in high school but I didn't really do too much with it. It was just like a class I took and then now I'm a sophomore in college, we're going to be a sophomore. So I've been studying probably since like March right around when the quarantine started.
I would be interested in that for sure. Or at least visiting South America one day.
Mexico. South America. Yeah.
Yeah. I'd probably be interested in, well in South America mostly like Peru peru Machu Picchu. It is, it ain't no sorts of places
interesting.
Yeah. I think um the dialect in Peru specifically has a lot of loan words from a really popular indigenous language called Katula.
Yeah I think that was a lot of speakers used to be uh the lingua franca of the incan empire. And now it's like a lot of people's uh first language and then kind of something they just speak at home. But there's still a lot of speakers of it. I think it's at least a million.
And uh
yeah I think um
it's not just exclusive to Peru with that. Like pretty much any uh south american, central american country. Uh they'll have like phone words from indigenous languages I'm sure even like uh other languages, other countries as well. Yeah.
did you learn to speak chinese? Was it from studying abroad?
I said
I
see.
That's so interesting. So did you go alone or did you have some people that you traveled with?
Oh I'm sure. Yeah traveling abroad like that, definitely something I'm interested in doing for sure.
Yeah. I don't want to deal with all this crap right now.
So like when you went all around um Asia was that in like a specific run or was that over the course of like I guess many years like did you go to um china and then Japan later on or was it like you were just in that region of the world for an extended period of time,
now did you study to be an english teacher or was it just like uh something you had the opportunity to do as a result of studying chinese for so many years?
I
see.
I
see.
that's
extremely
So are you gonna are you looking at teaching again like in the future? Mhm. Hello? Mhm.
Yeah like in the future?
I see.
I say yeah
cool, so that's what is that what you were moving to new york for?
Thank
you.
that's awesome.
definitely doing a good thing with that at the very least it offers them like an avenue, you know what I mean, like that's an option for them. They can see different things they can do.
and
Yeah well I have a very interesting life for sure.
I'm sure. Do you have any tips for learning a language?
I've heard of things like that. Yeah.
Hello
talk.
I see.
that's interesting. I'm the complete opposite with music. Like I like listening to music and other languages, but even in english like I usually have no idea what they're saying, I could pick out words, but sometimes it's just like even in english, it's hard to understand what's going on.
I
say yeah, I would imagine that is the best way because like you said, there's a big difference between what you learned in a textbook and then how people are actually speaking it.
Yeah. Um So I was wondering like when you travel by yourself, I would imagine that that's just like exhausting.
Do you have any tips
for that or just like traveling by yourself in general?
Yeah. Now did you have everything I assume you packed like effectively? Probably like one bag with all your stuff, right? Or did
you
have
like multiple
stuff?
hmm.
Yeah. And I know you mentioned you made friends um while you were in Taiwan Hong kong. Did you know people in these places beforehand or were they just, you know like locals you met or like other travelers?
I see.
I think that's a really good way to look at it.
I feel well kevin, I would love to talk to you for the rest of the day, but ah I'm gonna have to get going.
All right. You too. So yeah.