Hello,
how's it going?
I'm doing pretty well, what's your name?
I'm kevin,
nice to meet you too. Where are you from?
Cool, cool. I've never been there. I'm from Atlanta.
Yeah, So how are you guys handling the current situation over there?
Georgia, It's kind of a mixed bag because like a lot of people are kind of chill but the thing is like the virus cases are growing up a lot here, so it's like people seem to be more chill but then like I don't know, people are at the same time, there's a lot of people who are nervous. So like for example you saw the picture of like those students who are all crowded in a school leg and they were like someone out of mask and stuff like that.
Yeah, there was a specific pictures like all over the media last week and that was like 30 minutes away from where I live,
right? Yeah, like it's um well that was like one instance of people being like really afraid because like the thing is like here people are really enforcing the rules or if they try to like the like governor kind of steps in and like says like people should like have like the ability like where if they want and like, so there's like the sense of like the virus might spread a lot but I think people here are starting to really like chill out more. So I don't know, it really depends on if how the next stage will go just because like there's instances of a lot of schools here opening and doing in person school and then like uh not that many people wearing masks and then like the virus just spreading a lot and people like just closing schools. So like it depends on that. But I mean hopefully we can crush it.
Yeah, I haven't actually been paying much attention to like how other countries have like really been reacting to it, like sometimes I'll see it in the news occasionally. Um and I mean there's like also this like general sense of like people say like all these other countries are coming out of like the lockdown and like we're still stuck in so like I've been hearing stuff like that, but like I haven't really like I don't really like know much, but like the only exception is like Taiwan just because like I used to live there because I thought english
there.
Yeah, and that was like a great experience. But like yeah, like the only like, so because I still have friends who lived there, like I know about the situation there that like they and surprisingly like they haven't had academy cases and then since like March so I was like wow, that's pretty crazy and I'm almost like I kind of wish I was still there, it's like stop worrying about it but
Yeah. Yeah, I mean I could imagine like um it was like well I can imagine what Sweden because like they're pretty like sparsely populated, like like there's a lot of parts of it that like are very uh they don't have that many people and then like some certain areas like Stockholm are very concentrated and then like um I mean I've been to Japan but I've only visited like Tokyo um I can't really speak much to like how things are there, but I mean I'd assume so just because like the whole mask thing, people are already used to worrying masks like in ASia so like
Yeah. Yeah like so because of that like I don't know I guess that just helped with containing the virus and yeah, I like it just lead them to having like a really good situation. Yeah but I mean like I said I'm hoping that we could come out of this soon because like I actually didn't tell you, but when the virus first struck the country or really shook the country, I was actually in the process of moving to new york city and I was in the middle of new york
city when it hit. So like I saw all like the effects of it and it was so scary to be there. Like I have pictures of like when um I walked well on my way back home like when I was walking past Times Square there was nobody there, it was completely empty like the streets were quiet like it was really scary like and a lot of people just seemed like, I mean even people out on the street seemed really scared because they didn't know what to do because this is like back in March and it was kind of a weird, it was a weird time when like people didn't know like what wearing masks would do. So like not everybody had masks and like everybody was just looked scared to be outside and I was just like I'm like I'm just like I hope we get out of this soon and like thankfully like even though this virus is like scary like we're not really at the point where it's like we're scared and we don't know what to do. Like this virus might like come and like sneak into my house and like kill me in my sleep or something like that. Like what like we're at a point where we understand like we don't understand everything but we understand more about the virus so we can like get past um a fear of the unknown and right. Yeah. Yeah but go ahead.
Yeah. Yeah. I do hope that work from home becomes more of a popular thing now after this because like at first I was trying to work in person, like even like the work I was like interviewing with the new york was gonna be in person, but then like um I mean now I've been kind of like doing some stuff like remotely like stuff to make money and I mean I'm kind of comfortable with the idea of working remotely because at least like that way like I can um do remote stuff while I'm like cooking at home or while I'm like taking care of my dog or like doing different things like that. And being able to just like, I feel like I have like more control of my life and like things that I want to do. So
mm That's a big one. Like a really big one. Like Yeah, he was like, well I will say so before I taught english and before I was up in new york interviewing, like I mean I did some internships a couple years ago and I remember one that was here in Atlanta. The commute time was like 30 or 40 minutes one way. So that would be like about an hour to almost an hour and a half, like per day just driving. And like, I mean in that time I can do so many things like whether it's just getting more sleep, eating more talking with people or like just trying to like do things to like level up like my own personal skills or like invest in things that I'm interested in. Like there's so much time that I could, there's so much other stuff I could be doing with that time.
I speak chinese and I've been a self studying Portuguese.
How long have you been doing that?
That's pretty cool. Are you gonna are you like looking to like do any sort of study abroad in the future or anything like that?
That's
Yeah. So do you have any preference for any specific country? Because it's interesting actually, I've been looking at south America is like my next travel destination but I'm thinking either brazil for like carnival and then like other times or like places like Colombia chile um or Argentina.
Mhm. I have heard like um that the Peruvian dialect of spanish is like one that's really good for like people who are just trying to come into spanish to learn. Yeah like I remember because I don't remember the context but I was looking the other day and some stuff related to Portuguese um it was just like on Reddit or some other website and somebody said something about I guess there's somebody who's looking to study abroad eventually once quarantine is done and they were like speaking, they were learning spanish so they wanted to find a spanish speaking country and like what I saw in like the thread, the top thing they said was like peru apparently is really good for like picking up spanish and learning a dialect that a lot of other people would understand.
Well
interesting.
wow. I mean I didn't even know that because like um well during university I studied abroad like shanghai and china and like so my experience, you know, studying abroad, they're working in Taiwan, traveling in Asia. Like I tend to have like more knowledge of like that region, but like, I mean I never know about stuff like the indigenous languages in south America or anything, so I mean it's interesting to hear like
about like tissue and like that has like such a huge speaker base.
Go ahead.
That's that's pretty interesting, but go ahead, go ahead.
Well I started learning when I started college. Um so I started like back in 2012 and I learned in college for about 3.5 years. Uh I want to study abroad in shanghai and that's when I really picked it up because there's like a difference between like learning in class and then when you speak in person and I mean that experience like between having local roommates who couldn't speak english or in like going to intern and work in the city and just doing all my daily life there, it really just changed my understanding of the language and uh it really spread my interests in speaking it. So I would say shanghai's where I really grew my base for speaking it and then um Taiwan, like I would say Taiwan, I expanded my ability to speak in a little bit more, but like I already had a strong base for speaking in shanghai. So yeah, but um when I traveled in um well I traveled pretty much all throughout like all of East Asia, like I went to japan Korea, Hong kong um did a little bit like stinson southeast Asia, going to like Malaysia Singapore, um that was it there. And then, I mean I traveled a little bit in europe, but when you're in like when you're traveling through some countries like Japan or Japan or Korea you can get by without knowing the language. Although I tried to like learn some key phrases um but it might vary depending on where you're at, so like Korea, it's really easy to get by because like they put an emphasis on being able to like have people learn english and be able to speak with foreigners and get international participation. So
like that that was pretty like seamless like when I was there like I had no issue communicating or meeting people, Japan was a little bit harder because like Japan like it's like a super rich country but like they tend to focus more on like their own markets and like themselves
so because of
that, not really like a huge english speaking base and so like I had to push a little bit more to like uh learn like some key phrases that are local um and just figure out my way around different things, but they were all good experiences. So
I went alone, so like literally all these travel experiences, I went alone and let's see, so when I went to the first one to study abroad that was with like a study abroad company that partners with certain schools and so like I went there not knowing anybody and I ended up becoming friends with so many other fellow americans and other nationalities who are studying abroad there with the same program. Um and I mean we had like some day trips and stuff that were like groups, but primarily I was like doing that experience alone when I went to go teach in Taiwan, it was the same deal, like I partnered with a company that's really famous for teaching english in Taiwan. Um and when I met some people that we do day trips around cities, sometimes around the country, like if we had like a far enough plan and uh but it was mostly by myself and then yeah, like I went to Hong kong by myself, Japan, like literally everything by myself and it's interesting, it's the way to do it because at first it's scary, but then you end up meeting like so many really interesting people are doing really interesting things by yourself, some some of which might end up being um feeling problematic in like the time that you're in the situation, but then when you look back on it, there's like just some really funny moments, like great stories and awesome memories that you have, So
definitely. Yeah, and you're, you're like, that's like the perfect age to do it, like I say, definitely go for it because like, I mean obviously once Covid is done because like
yeah, yeah, because like um I remember it was weird like I didn't really start thinking about studying abroad until I started my junior year of college and I remember that was because like I ended up having a teacher who he taught, well he taught italian language, but then he also taught like this course that was required for like all students and his specific concentration was like italian culture and norms and stuff. And I took it because like I thought it would be fun and it's interesting and it was really fun and interesting but the dude was so passionate about having people go abroad and just like go have like amazing experiences in other countries because like um that's how you learn so much, like you end up going to meet people you see like yeah, we have different cultures, but then ultimately like we all have like very similar outlooks on a lot of different things, not only that, but then there's just like so many amazing uh things out there for you to see and like memories to make and I don't know, he really encouraged me, he was trying to push me to study Rod in ITaly, but by that point I already studied three years of chinese, so like, I was like, I'll probably go to china. But yeah, like yeah, it's like you're like at the perfect age for that, like I mean whether you end up studying abroad or you end up just traveling abroad or doing whatever, like it's a good time.
Yeah, so um shanghai and like traveling a little bit in china, that was all during my study abroad time. So that was, so the timeline was basically I got to shanghai in june 2015 and I was there until august 2015, so three months and during that time I mainly stayed in shanghai but I'll explore like kind of like the area around it, including some like the countryside areas and stuff. Um And then I ended up leaving and then I came back in august 2017 and well I came back and then I went to Taiwan, august 2017 and so august 2017, I was in Taiwan uh stayed in Taiwan up until late january early february 2018. From that point I went to go travel to Hong kong for chinese New year and I stayed in Hong kong for about a week, It was the most expensive city I've ever been to by far and I've been to new york and like new york and paris and like all these other Tokyo like Hong kong is so expensive like. But yeah I was in Hong kong for about a week um and then I ended up going back to Taiwan, stayed in Taiwan up until september 2018 when my job ended, and then once that ended I started my stint I went to Japan and then went to Singapore, Malaysia Korea and then went to europe. Mhm.
Yeah so actually was like kind of like neither, so it's interesting because well I studied economics and basically with those type of jobs, if you graduated from uh like bachelor's degree at least in like any sort of field from like a major like first world english speaking countries, like the us Canada Australia Ireland U. K. Like all these type of places they usually like, they'll just take you in
during
that. Yeah during that time originally I didn't plan to um do that sort of thing. So like originally I was applying for a U. S. Government um fellowship called like Fulbright and I ended up getting through the first round of the U. S. Government around they like the U. S. Government approved like what I was trying to do it was gonna be in china but then like the chinese government around they didn't really approve what I was trying to like study. So I ended up like not getting that and on top of that during that time I applied for a similar thing but in Germany but like my focus on Germany wasn't strong enough because I studied german back in the day when I was in high school and um like I mean I was calling back to like high school after like just graduating college, so it was kinda like weird to the people so I
ended
up not getting mad. Uh So I was like you know what, I still want to have my experience abroad and I just ended up opting to teach in Taiwan since I already have the qualifications for it. But when you do it they actually prefer you don't speak any chinese at all because if the students know that you can speak chinese, they might try to like like cheat around stuff or like it might weaken the environment, like they feel like they're forced to speak english if you're like a foreigner because like you obviously don't know chinese, so a lot of times I had to pretend but then like eventually like everybody found out because like um either the administrator or found out and was like oh it'll be easier to explain instructions to him in chinese than in english or somebody would like slip up or something so. Mhm. Yeah like um it was a great experience, I mean like I said um I was able to afford literally everything like that I could do there because I was getting paid a Western salary but I was living in like um a smaller city in Taiwan that was only like about an hour away from the main city, so my rent was only like $200 a month. Uh Yeah and my utilities like 20 bucks max a month and then um myself, my cellphone bill which also included my internet was $30 a month and so and I mean I made all of that and like a day or two so like
pretty
much the rest, it was amazing and that's like how I was able to afford like traveling all those places and then still have money left over, kind of like sustain myself now up until when I was about to go to new york. Um Just because of like all the stuff I had, because I was like focusing on saving like crazy too, but then like with how much I was paying in rent, I still had like some money even with savings to be able to explore, urge a little and like go buy some like snacks or food or do like whatever, like travel the island and just do all this amazing stuff. So
like am I looking at teaching again?
Um So like I would like to do that, maybe it's like a sizing, like I mean I like to think about like coaching, so like helping people through um like helping people like be able to cultivate themselves.
Like I really like that aspect of teaching uh Because like there was like a lot of times like we're like I got really close to like different students just because like I mean they would talk to me about the things they want to do or like just like their personal like kind of uh ambitions or struggles and stuff. Um Because like these types of schools, they were for the richest students in Taiwan. Um And so sometimes if you come across a story like uh there's like a kid from like a not as well off background who uh his parents are divorced and he feels pretty bad about that and I mean my parents are divorced too, so I felt like I was able to like tell him I was like hey like my parents are divorced to like, like it kind of sucks but it's not really something like to worry about like it might be in the long run for like the better. So like I really enjoyed like bad aspect of things. Um I enjoyed teaching too and I mean if, I mean in the future, who knows, maybe I will go back to it, but right now I'm kind of focused more on trying to get some work related to my degree like economics
and then just like go from there. So
Yeah, exactly. I was moving to new york um to do like risk analysis with like banks and like different corporations but um and I was in the interview process for that, but all that got shut down
like mid March
because of Covid. And so I ended up just coming back to Atlanta. A lot of like the work is moving remote right now too, so I'm just chilling on applying remotely and trying to see stuff on there. And also during the, in the meantime, I've also been running like unemployment support group that I even made way before Covid. And and it's like an online group that connects people with like uh uh platforms like prolific and like freebies that they can get online for different things like food or entertainment or things to like increase their skills. And then like also just a community for people just because like, I mean I was job searching and I know a lot of other people that are job searching um in pre Covid, I was already seeing the conversation for people who are jobs, they're already like in a really bad state and like really depressed. Like, like right now it's just like a critical mass level. So like, I mean I enjoy doing that and it kind of ties into like the whole coaching thing I was talking about because like it's like helping people be able to get out of their situation and get towards like what they want to do and be like the person they want to be. So.
Yeah. Thank you. Yeah like uh And it's been good so far. It's been really good. Like I specifically recall if there was a couple of people I would say before, Covid there was maybe it was a small group of like 30 people and of that like 10 to 15. Like we're able to get jobs either like it was people who just found jobs while they were in our group or it's like people who I was able to help directly somehow get jobs. Um Which that was like a feeling now it's like exploded. It's like 300 people at least that are in the group. Um And I mean I haven't really been able to like increase the ratio, be like 150 people ended up getting jobs like thanks to me or the blah blah blah whatever, like no, I haven't been able to do anything like that, but I've been able to um at least put some sort of uh like put resources in front of them and they're like yeah, I helped some people get jobs directly through like things that I've given them, so.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly like um and uh I don't know, I've been happy being able to do that. I just feel like sometimes like, especially because like since we're well my family is still kind of practicing lockdown and quarantine and stuff. Um I don't know, sometimes I want to hang out with them in my dog,
but then sometimes I feel torn because I want to like work on the group too. And so it's such a big struggle like, like being able to balance that. And then also, well I used to, well I am a power lifter, but I haven't been able to work out in the gym because the shutdown. So like, I've been, it's been weird having to get adjusted to stuff like that and manage my schedule because usually all I've worked out really early in the morning, the um my sleep schedule that's so messed up by other stuff and like, these are just weird times, so
thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I mean it all really started like around like when I was like around your age, that's what I'm saying, like right now, it's such a great time like for you, like, not specifically right now because of covid, but then like, right now, because like, there's so much potential like with what you're doing like, and like where you're at, and then it'll be great to see like where you end up going along the years, and then you can look back and be like, wow, like how did I come from all that? It'll be great.
Yeah. So um primarily you can start by getting a language exchange partner, like, have you ever heard of that?
Yeah, so you can do that online. Um There's like several different websites, there's an app that actually I use. Let me see, I think it's what is the calls? Hello talk?
So there's like
an app hello talk. And if you look it up in like the app store or in like um the other Yeah, any other thing, like, it'll be like the first step that comes up. Um you can basically make friends or like talk to people in uh the language that you're trying to learn. And um that's a good way because when you learn languages there's like the textbook way that you learn, and then when you self learn like it's a little bit better, but you're still learning the textbook way in a bit, but then like when you actually speak with people, then you learn how other people actually speak. Because one thing I caught myself doing when I was in Shanghai was like sometimes with my roommate, I would talk with him in like a textbook sort of way, which is like weird when you're
talking about like human in like a textbook way because it's like you don't people don't talk to each other in english like how are you tom oh I'm fine and you like nobody talks like that, like so like I caught myself doing that sometimes and then I like it was like a weird switch in my brain where I was just like wait a minute. And then like then from that point on I just like started talking with other people and like I learned how like they talk so that's a major one. Um people do say watch tv shows and movies and then like I would agree, but then like at that point you have to be able to to get to that point, you have to be able to get your vocab and your grammar up to where you understand stuff. Because for chinese, like even though I can speak with other people really easily, sometimes I find myself like not being able to watch like really advanced like tv shows or movies because it's just like I can't even focus on the plot, I'm too busy focusing on like trying to translate what they said without even looking at the bottom or like understand what they said. So like um tv shows and movies can help. Music's been better for helping me personally, like when I listen to like chinese music um Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I mean well for me maybe it's because like almost into some songs like over and over again and then every time I listen like there's like I understand a little bit more like there's some new meeting that I gleaned from it and I'm just like oh wait they were saying that like that's happened for me several times, like when I like listening to chinese phones um Yeah I mean and with Portuguese it's been a bit easier just because like Portuguese has a closer based a english than like chinese. Um So like I haven't even taken it in a classroom setting but like when I've listened to some Portuguese music just like by the fact that it has a closer based in english, I took latin when I was in high school and you know like growing up in like going to school in the U. S. Like everybody takes some form of spanish at some point. Like I was able to um clean some meaning from songs and like understand like quite a bit like whenever I would listen to the music so that's always that's been good in my experience but I think that the best in my experience has definitely been like getting some sort of language exchange partner or somebody who you can speak the language with.
So.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah like and then once you get past that it will go the the difference between like oh he's a foreigner like um his language skills are just like here so being like what you can do this and then you just like they have like the what will conversations about so much with you so. Yeah.
It is, it's very exhausting.
like
Yeah so uh like some people say make a plan um personally I say make a plan but then have room for um just like have room for spontaneity and when I say that I mean because like all the best times I've traveled like when I went to Hong kong and when I went to Tokyo like all those places I had a plan for like some things that I wanted to do but then I was open to the hearing like what any locals I might meet or like other friends like what they might recommend. And a lot of times the recommendations that other people have ended up being. Some of the most memorable stuff that I did in these type of places like um like when I was in Hong kong for example the main thing I wanted to do, I wanted to see the chinese New Year parade because that's like um famous all around Asia specifically in Hong kong. Um And I wanted to uh what else did I want to do? I wanted to get some really good Hong kong food although I didn't even think through like how hard it would be during chinese new year because that's like trying to go to like a family restaurant during christmas like everything is closed. So like I wanted to do that. Uh I don't remember I had like a small list but then I met some local people and I met some like people from like just different parts of the world. And we ended up just thinking over, I mean well I ended up just hearing out what they wanted to do and I was like this actually sounds cool, I might be down like we ended up seeing like the Hong kong horse races. So like because like Hong kong used to be like a british colony, like they have like a lot of british culture influence, so like they have like horse races where people bet on like which horse is going to win. So I went there and saw it and it was surprisingly fun like watching those horses racing like live like like it in real life I guess like and then um what else did I do? There was like this mountain, I forgot the dragons peak, there's something like that, I ended up climbing in and it was really cool because when you climb up to it, the top usually has an amazing view. Unfortunately it was foggy when we climb, but then when I went down to the bottom from the other side we climbed, there was like this beach area that had like this family restaurant right by the beach so you can get some awesome food and then just hang out on the beach and just ship with a bunch of people. And it was just like a great experience. Like it was, that was all spontaneous, spontaneous. Like I didn't even know that any of that existed. So yeah, I have a plan but he's spontaneous earth. He opened a spontaneity and other than that, um I think that's my biggest piece of advice actually. Yeah.
I
probably
had.
I probably packed.
Yeah. I probably packed too much. Yeah. When I went to Hong kong I packed just the right amount. Um But when I went to Shanghai definitely packed too much for even study abroad. And then when I was, when I was doing like my big trip, like Japan and Korea and stuff, that's when I was leaving Asia. So like I ended up having like all my bags with me which was like two suitcases full of stuff. And I ended up using like an international service to ship one of them back home to Georgia while I was traveling with the other one to other places. So that I definitely like that's part of the planning thing because like I tend to be better with the spontaneity things in the planning. Um and sometimes that came to really bite me like really badly. Um but yeah, as long as you're able to nail down the planning, as far as like oh how much I am I gonna bring um Oh like um what like how am I going to get to use the public transportation to get to my plane and stuff like that, like you'll be good and like the public transportation and getting into your plane on time, that's a big one because like I missed my flight like twice like on that trip. Yeah like one of the most because of a typhoon that hit and so like pretty much all the flights got canceled. So it was like this crowd of people just sleeping in the airport for a night, which that sucked and I ended up smelling like shit when I was like trying to go to like uh
Singapore. But like uh yeah I felt bad because like I was sitting next to this lady and she was just holding her, I was like I'm sorry, like I slept at the airport but um yeah like I don't know that's like what I was like why you plan and you know like how much time it will take to get certain places um what type of transportation might close when and different things like that.
Yeah, so I didn't know anybody in like any other places before I got there. Um and basically how like it was a mix depending on where you like, which place you're talking about, so like Taiwan since I lived, there was a mix of locals and other travelers. Um It was primarily through just activities that you already like to do back at home, so I like to power lift and like I go to the gym a lot, so like a lot of my local friends were either powerlifting buddies that I had or it was people I met through other activities that I took up, like the chocolate dancing and stuff like that. Um And like the travelers like a lot of people like since like you're abroad there's like times where you'll really miss home and so like I tended to drift more like also towards like other americans at times um And so like the kind of the international travelers tend to just kind of like drift towards each other in a lot of these environments. But then when I was traveling temporarily like going to Hong kong and Japan and stuff, it was really just people I would chat up when I was at my hostel or I don't know uh Yeah there's people I chatted up at my hostel. There was one time like in Hong kong where I posted on like the Hong kong foreigner group on facebook, I was like, oh hey I'm in town for chinese new year and I'm trying to make some friends like who wants to go out and do some stuff and I made like one of my good friends that way and um but if you do that, make sure you meet up in public and stuff because it's like some weird people out there. Um What else? While I was in Japan when I was in Japan, like I was kind of like a mix of talking to people in my hostel and then also like uh just making friends randomly on the street and I mean like friends with other travelers is um I can't speak japanese but that kind of works depending on what country you're in, so like and like how the people might be in that country. So for example, like when I like did that in Singapore, like it kind of was a mixed bag, so like a lot of like the older gentleman and then like the like the guys who like around our age like they were kind of like open to that then like if you go up and talk to like some random girl like that sometimes, like they might think like oh you're trying to like come on to them and stuff like that
like. And then um but when I was in Taiwan like if I did that to like a group of people, like I mean they were usually pretty chill, like they usually were just open to like hanging out, talking like and we go like see some stuff or go do stuff and it was a lot of fun. So yeah, I don't know, just like the main thing I did was like there are things that I wanted to do, but then I was also like really looking forward to just relaxing, not having such a strict schedule and being able to like just talk to people and meet people. So.
Yeah. Yeah, like it's something like I mean because like my normal life at such a strict schedule that like um when it comes to being able to go somewhere like that, it's just really relaxing because like I'm just like okay, I can do this at this time I went to go see some sumo wrestlers and I ended up talking to like some like some other foreigners that were there and I was like going to meet up with them to like go get like uh like some sushi and stuff like it was really cool. They crazy stuff like that, like I love the spots in the idiot at all. So. Right.
Yeah. It's been great talking with you as well. Like I hope you have a great rest of your day. And I mean I hope this covid situation lows over for like all of us and we can get on with our normal lives will return to a new normal. But yeah. Just take care.