thank you. Oh yeah. Oh
I can't hear you. Mhm. Oh
yes I can. There we go. You hear me?
All
All right awesome. Well how's it going?
I'm doing all right.
Um I'm actually in New Mexico so it's about two PM right now.
How about you?
High calorie.
the last person.
um I was just yeah there might be a little delay so um I was gonna say the last person
I
talked to was from California as well.
Uh uh basically they just said southern kelly. I'm not I didn't ask for specifics. Um And
myself I'm like southern New Mexico. So like I'm only like a half an hour from the Mexico border.
Oh uh are you from north or south? County?
Northern California.
well
New Mexico is like a big state and there's a big difference between north and south. I mean it's not as big as California but there's a big difference between north and south. New Mexico. Um Right uh the town I'm from is basically the bottom of New Mexico and then like right in the center area
and I don't know if you've ever heard of uh lost crucis.
Okay, I'm an hour from Las cruces which is right next to el paso as well, so that general area.
Well
I am yeah.
Is this your first check?
Third?
Yeah. Now that it's popped up for me, I've been trying to do it because it's good money.
Yeah I mean it does add up but yeah it's kind of rare to find a good one like this. Mhm.
I was actually
brought me on I was just going to bring up that I've recently I did the one chat with the lady from California and then yesterday I had one at this same time but whoever didn't show up And now you're number three. Mhm.
Uh
what were you gonna say?
Sorry?
am, man, I've been doing online work for 3-4 years now and I started with mechanical turk, the mturk,
have you heard of it?
Okay, it's a it's a it's an amazon company and it's basically just a ton of surveys, a lot more than prolific. Um So I was doing that at the very start and so I basically just researched online about other companies that Pay you for surveys and whatnot and prolific was the 2nd 1 I found um and then a lot of other odds and ends. So basically this is my income and it's been working out Uh for three years so far.
And of course it's it's not great money, but yeah, but my wife, she actually works
for the school district, so she's actually the breadwinner, I'm the househusband. Yeah.
man through mechanical turk
the majority is surveys. So you have a bunch of university studies and a bunch of corporations looking for feedback, but besides that you can run into tons of things. I've done voice recordings, web recordings, video game testing um and on and on and on, like there's a lot of different things, but the vast majority of just survey taking.
and oh without
a doubt, and like I said, mechanical turk, even when you're just starting, there's At least 100 different hits, that's what they call them, that will be available 24/7. Uh some of them really really suck, some of them do not pay worth a damn. So uh but you'll as you build up the number you have submitted or will open up to you and you'll find better ones and then you'll hit the jackpot sometimes. Last year I had a weekly survey which all it was was predicting what was going to happen in the future. It was a variety of topics, but it would be like who's going to win the presidential election in Belize and you would, you would write down your research and and just try to get the answer and it was like once a week, an hour As like $20 each time you did it and it lasted the entire year. So it's steady money and it was actually kind of fun, you know? Right?
Yeah and then all the other sites I use are kind of rinky dink but you know, it's an extra 10 to $50 a week on. If you add them all together, uh playing, playing video games on your phone And then whenever you hit like a certain level they'll pay like $25 and whatnot. So
how to do what you can yeah.
Uh College,
what are you going for?
reasons.
Yeah, I was
me. I don't blame you. I remember taking a few online classes when I went to college, it wasn't required, but they were always the the most horrible classes I've taken.
Yeah
and so you took a semester off, I'm assuming that you're not like in dorm right now back home
or
rented an apartment.
and is this just like your first year or
you completed a few semesters
already?
Good.
Yeah. Uh
Yeah, like I mentioned that my wife works in the school district and so does my mother and doing the zoom meetings are watching her do the zoom meetings and trying to get all the kids on at the same time and get them to actually pay attention. Uh, it seems a little tough, especially since it's elementary
still.
well she used to be high school and now technically she's
the librarian, but she's doing basically tech support. She actually is running two classes, which are just like
library and information science classes. So, uh, if, if there wasn't a home order, she would be in the library and they would
be learning to, you know, sort the books, shelved the books, go run the copy center, but they're not able to do any of that. So the class seems kind of ridiculous to have. So she is, like I said, doing tech support, she has so many teachers that are unfamiliar with all of this still. So they constantly email her every morning like, yeah, just uh, my volume isn't working or they can't hear me, you know like our our started the conversation and uh so it's been interesting but me working from home you know, I haven't been influenced or affected at all.
Uh huh.
I got lucky.
Yeah, Bunch of 4th graders going nuts, rather be playing fortnite or something. Yeah.
no I was actually born here um went through
high school here, well until I dropped out, but then I went to college and Cruces and then I ended up on the east side of the Mississippi back where my mother's family is, so that was like Ohio and Kentucky and that lasted a couple years and then I came back here.
That
is no it was just, I don't know it was just a trip for my own self interest I guess I hadn't settled down anywhere so I was just kind of exploring and like I said I had some family back there so it wasn't just like me being a lonesome traveler right?
But I do prefer it here.
It just happened
anywhere in particular that you
owe.
Uh I was just going to ask you you plan on exploring the world a bit. So uh any places in particular?
Texas
yeah I'm sure about that. Yeah. Yeah and honestly I I mean I haven't traveled that much but my sister is moving to texas actually but any state and people are usually the same and each state has their ups and downs I think I don't think one
places the wonderland.
No No Children don't want Children but somehow we've ended up including the outside and inside animals. We have 10 cats. Yeah.
Yeah that's more than enough. That's all right. I love animals. And
so does she? And recently we actually built them uh they call it a Casio. So off of our back door it's a doggy
door but it goes straight into a cage in our backyard. So they they they're not all trapped in here, they can go in and out and it's a lot nicer.
Yeah.
Oh man. Yeah Uh we did we had three ducks and three chickens back in the day. We actually did have hamsters until one of them ended up eating the other. Um And uh recently there's actually been this baby skunk that comes around and eats out of the outside cats dish. So that's a new edition kind of
uh no dog though. Not a dog person.
What was
that?
No, we haven't named the skunk, we're not quite claiming it even though it's claimed our land is his or hers. Yeah, it's well we live we live out of town though, so we have a lot of open area and the wildlife just, you know, it's crazy out here.
too. And that's why I think I like the cats because they do their own thing.
Uh Yeah. I mean We're only like two miles from town. Um But like I said, it's a small city. I mean uh you you're the population density in your area is probably astounding. Huh?
Like our entire our entire like county probably only has 25,000 people. So Yeah. And like I said to get to say McDonald's or Walmart or something, it's like two miles, so we're barely out of town. But being out of town means like our closest neighbor is like, I don't know, 50 ft away, it's not next door, house to house to house to house. You know, we got a lot of open space, which is really nice. Low traffic, you know all that jazz. Yeah,
I bet.
Yeah. Yeah, I couldn't handle that. No way. Um What else? Hobbies, play video games or anything?
Yeah. It's all been just working school then. Huh?
I wouldn't call it interesting, but I mentioned video games, so obviously, uh play a lot of video games.
sports then. Oh, nothing
in particular
now, but physical activities. No, I'm too old to grouchy. Too lazy, lazy. I think that's the right word.
motivation. Uh
so there was a good question that the lady from California brought up at the start of our conversation and she was hypothesizing about what do you think the researchers are trying to gather whenever they review what exactly we're doing? You think it's for some companies, some public speech class? What
do you think it's about?
Or or since the pandemic did hit us, and a lot of people were going to online chatting, maybe they're trying to see exactly how they could improve platforms or something. Uh you know, do
people look at themselves on the camera way too much? Uh You know what I'm saying? That was kind of my guess.
if.
How are you feeling during the start? During the middle? During the end? Yeah.
Yeah.
And uh last time I was doing the exit survey, it wasn't submitting my answers, like it wouldn't connect to the servers as it was very very slow. And so it took me way longer than it should have, and by like the last questions I was forgetting the conversation I just had. Yeah,
cheap. Right.
I can remember a few main points, but with too many topics just tend to slip out of mind. Okay.
Yeah. Well, um, yeah, if you're still looking for side work, I would recommend getting on mturk as well, checking that out.
and then stick with prolific. All right,
cool.
Yeah, I think so. The almost 2 30 here. All right. Well, good luck on the exit survey and any future endeavors.
All right. Yeah. Thanks for talking man.
All right, enjoy the rest of
the day. Yeah.