there? Can you hear me? Right Yeah
can you hear me now?
I
do. Mhm.
Pretty good. How are you?
That's good. Where you calling from?
Okay. Nice. Nice. Um
Calling from California like the bay area. Um
Yeah so an hour behind you. Um Yeah. Uh Where in new max?
Oh go ahead where?
Hold
on
we're in we're in California. Where they from?
Mhm.
Oh wow. Yeah. Nice. Is that I don't know much about new Mexico geography but
I'm from northern California. Um So
I'm in the Bay Area right now so near san Francisco. Um Yeah okay. Um This
is
Is.
Mhm. Yeah I've heard of Las cruces.
okay okay that gives me an idea then.
Yeah I know I know where that is there. Uh
Oh
no this is my third actually. Um Yeah
I've done one like every day so far. Um Yeah.
No. Yeah I know it's really easy money and. mhm Yeah, the the other surveys on like prolific don't pay very much so. This was very good. Um
Yeah. Um I guess like what brought you on there?
Oh, go ahead. Okay. Yeah.
Um
Yeah,
I
was just wondering like, um no, I was just curious like what brought you on and because yeah, I found out about this like through prolific. So, mm,
no.
Is that another survey thing?
Oh, wow, that's cool. How do you, how do you like?
Hi.
That's fine. I'm fine. Um Yeah, I mean like um yeah, well, did you like doing things for mechanical turk because I just looked it up right now and it looks like it's more than like surveys or the other work to, or Yeah.
So
Okay. I'm gonna look into that actually. Um I'm in college, so I need the money.
Yeah.
No, it's super cool, definitely look into that now. Yeah.
That's super
Yeah.
Yes.
Um well I'm studying business and doing a minor in math
as well. Um so it's been going okay so far, um actually took the semester off just because of coronavirus and all of our classes being online.
Yeah, I just didn't want to pay for that. So um Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. No, seriously, you just, yeah, Yeah. You,
yeah.
well,
I actually,
yeah, I actually um I had already signed a lease to rent a room um and so I have like I have another job um at the moment that I've just been like working at, but I moved back up here. Um But yeah, so not going to school really, still living in your campus. Um Yeah, it's been fun, but we're so far I guess. Yeah. Yeah,
no,
I
did two years already.
So yeah, it was it was second semester sophomore year when we all got sent home um casa corollaries. So yeah, I'm glad at least that I had like those first two years because my sister is starting college this year and I just couldn't imagine that. Yeah. So
yeah.
Does
she teach like what, what grade does she teach there is?
No.
Go ahead.
What?
that's good. Yeah, I know. That's good. Um
I yeah,
I really sympathize yeah, with your wife because it just, I mean it already sucks like for college students. I just can't imagine like doing it with elementary schoolers. Yeah.
Uh So are you, are you originally from New Mexico or did you move there later? Yeah.
What?
Nice. Nice. Did you just like miss it
a lot? Er
That's good. I think it's, yeah.
Yeah. And it's always important like go somewhere different. Like that's, that's what I aim to do after college because I'm from the Bay Area. Originally, I was born here. I've lived here my whole life and you know, I wasn't intending to go to school here, but it just kind of ended up that way. Yeah.
So um yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh do you have any,
no, no,
go ahead, sorry.
I mean, yeah, ideally I think it would be really cool to move out of the country, but realistically like that probably wouldn't happen in terms of like getting a job. So I'm actually interested in moving to Austin potentially somewhere in texas. Um Yeah,
no, I know um being being from California, like everybody's like why texas like, but um you know, I think people give it like I think it just has a bad rap because my friend, she's from Fort Worth and I visited her once and it was actually super cool, a lot cheaper than California, so yeah,
What?
Yeah, no, I think that's true. I think that the grass isn't always greener, I'm sure I'll miss like something's about California if I leave, but yeah, so yeah, Um yeah, do you have any, do you have any kids or um no kids.
How's that been going
close?
Thanks.
Yeah. Yeah, I feel you my my mom loves animals. So like when I was growing up there was just always animals around the house and it was super hectic. So, you know, probably not planning on having pets like in the future, but yeah. Um
maybe like a hamster, like a bird or something, but yeah.
Have you named it yet or?
And
I
just have you named the skunk yet then there?
Okay. Yeah. I feel u about the dog's though because most of the animals that we've had, that I had growing up war dogs and yeah, just just to like too messy for me, too loud. Yeah.
Yeah, a lot, a lot easier to take care of like way less attention needed. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh Yeah, so you live like out in the like more like more like a rural area or?
Yeah,
now that actually sounds really nice. It is it is really cramped here like in terms of density. Um
It's like nine million people live in the bay area, so it's just like. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Um Not really, I mean gosh call is just like I honestly like had to give up on like a lot of my hobbies. I was just too busy when I got to college, but Yeah.
I mean when I was younger though, like when I was, when I was in high school, I was pretty intellect photography and I also ran cross country, so it was super into running and um that's something I'm trying to get back into. Yeah. Um How about you? Any interesting hobbies? Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. Um Any game in particular?
Okay.
That's
Yeah. I feel you're not I've been fighting that just finding the motivation is so difficult. Get out there. Yeah.
So. Mhm. Yeah. Uh
No.
that's a good question because like I I've been like pondering that because I'm not familiar at all with like what this firm is, that's doing the research, so. Uh huh. I would hypothesize its, I think it is probably for like a company and perhaps something about making online calls like more engaging or you know, perhaps
there.
Yeah. Yeah. I think, I don't know. I feel like that like that might be a good like hypothesis like specifically because like all the survey questions ask
about like, you know, like how you're feeling and kind of like whether you enjoyed the conversation. So Yeah. Yes.
I don't remember like a ton of the things that I talked about by the end. Um So yeah.
Yeah.
Just like the last guy that I talked to, he was really talkative. So we just covered like a ton of topics. I just yeah, I couldn't even remember actually filling it out immediately after.
So. Mhm.
Right. Um
No. Yeah, I definitely am after those.
Yeah.
Um I think it's been 25 minutes, so
Thank you. You too. All right.
Have a great day
back.