SPEAKER_L: Thank you. No. All right. Doing
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. How are you
SPEAKER_L: good good. My name is robert.
SPEAKER_R: robert and Michelle.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: It might also meet my dog because anytime I start talking to people, he wakes all right. I'm having a weird time. I don't normally wear wear glasses, but I bought some blue light blocking glasses because I'm a teacher and so I'm in front of the computer and I get headaches, so I'm hoping that they help, but it's weird looking down and seeing glasses on my face because they don't normally wear them.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah how are you? Part of also participant in the prolific see? Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do. Um, I tried, I don't know. It varies depending on how busy I am with work, but I love doing surveys. I'm a math teacher and I teach statistics. So I, I like doing surveys. I think it's fun and interesting. So I
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: do as many as I can.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I love this. I just found this out and they're paying pounds too. I mean I was surprising so there's so much more difference. It made it bigger
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I used to do like amazon the mturk, the mechanical turk stuff, but
SPEAKER_L: aren't you?
SPEAKER_R: I don't, So they have surveys and they do other things that I don't know if you're familiar with it, but um
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's kind of where I where I started and then I learned about prolific and I like prolific. I know a lot of people on, on the amazon site, they do things other than surveys, but I I like the survey so prolific works well, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hey I mean in the long run it pays big. You know I'm saving prolific. You know how have you been saving your prolific as far as your wages? You these
SPEAKER_R: Um yeah, so I so I've been doing it for for a while, so I I can now, so I've for years actually, so my, like my cash outs are instant, so I usually so and I can cash out anytime over £5. I usually wait until it's somewhere around £20 and then I cash out. Ah yeah, it's, it just uh for me, I guess sometimes I leave it if I'm like, I don't really need the money right now. Different something else. But I go, but I think it's going to go out there, but I know a lot of people are always like always cash out as soon as you can because they worry that things will like get shut down or something weird happens, the technology
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: glitch. So, um, so sometimes I, I try to cash out without leaving it for too, too, too long. So
SPEAKER_L: Okay man I think I lived for a long time. Right?
SPEAKER_R: the first few times, I mean it takes a while for them to process it and you have to pay feet like when I started, there were like fees if you didn't, if you cashed out below £20 and a lot of different things like that. So, so I always made it until I didn't have to pay any fees. And uh sometimes like I said when my mind is now instant because I've done it enough times that I've done so many surveys, but before the instant, you know, it takes them for a while, so you like, might as well not have to sit through that multiple times. Uh, huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: work in the health care. I work in a nursing assistant. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: and I do use my off days too and trying to save some money up for for the four X. Like uh it's kind of like stock trading western currencies say. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Alright, Cool. Yeah, I, I usually use it to pay for fun stuff that maybe it doesn't fit in the, my regular budget, like books or art supplies or different things that are wanting to get. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Yet you have Children.
SPEAKER_R: I don't just my dog, so it's just me and my dog. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: all right that's nice. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do you have kids?
SPEAKER_L: no kids yet but expecting
SPEAKER_R: Oh, congratulations. Very
SPEAKER_L: thank you thank you. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: good. And so how, how soon are you expecting?
SPEAKER_L: april april
SPEAKER_R: Okay. We have a little, a little while still there. Not too long.
SPEAKER_L: Not to this but this might this would be my first. Right
SPEAKER_R: Right. Well, yeah, I, I don't have, I don't have kids myself, but I do have a 2.5 year old nephew. So, uh, yeah, so he's in, so we, I live in Arizona, they live in California. So I don't, I haven't, I haven't seen a whole lot recently, especially with everything going on with covid and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no it's a sublime er I used to live in California and I'm like me and my wife were relocated to texas and
SPEAKER_R: part of California did you live in?
SPEAKER_L: marshall county.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I grew up in san Diego, so they're in a suburb of India. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: listen my dad was stationed in san Diego. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: very cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: So your dad in the, in the Navy or?
SPEAKER_L: yeah the Navy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. My dad was also in the Navy and though before I was born and then he worked for the Navy as a civilian for his entire career. So that's how he ended up in san Diego. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh your name the kid also
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: Everything.
SPEAKER_L: yeah we always used to go to Guam and how do you change schools and friends and
SPEAKER_R: wow, wow. Yeah. We, I was like, so he, because he didn't, so he served in the Navy before I was born, we didn't have to move around a lot. Um, because he has a civilian, he did travel um but not we didn't have to move. It was just for like short periods of time. He would travel back and forth to like Washington D. C. He did go to Japan for one project. So he traveled around a bit for different projects but we didn't have to actually move. So that was kind of unless he did right when he was in the navy he did he was stationed like in Germany and he was in florida for a while and Rhode island. So he was he moved around a lot when but that was before, so when my parents were dating but before they got married so before they had. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's nice that's good. Uh See at least you can you see the world I mean you're really smart. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So my and my my parents were really, I think both my parents, my mom grew up in her her family moved a lot. Not for military reasons but just because her dad, her dad got bored with different jobs and wanted to do just try a lot of different things. So she lived in Switzerland
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: uh in new york and all all over the place. Um So both my parents like just uh we're pretty big into traveling, so we traveled quite a bit. So.
SPEAKER_L: that's good it's nice. So what part of uh area of teaching you uh teach I
SPEAKER_R: so I teach community college math. Um So
SPEAKER_L: or not
SPEAKER_R: I and so yeah, I teach a lot of, a lot of different classes. Um So I teach currently I'm teaching statistics and math elementary school teachers um Deep bath analysis for a business uh and college math. So those are the main course I teach fairly regularly, but I've I've taught calculus before basic arithmetic, review algebra, so almost I thought almost not all of the classes we offer, but a lot of them. So just
SPEAKER_L: I stuck
SPEAKER_R: the point
SPEAKER_L: it mad.
SPEAKER_R: I hear that a lot. And for,
SPEAKER_L: that. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: go ahead,
SPEAKER_L: I wish I was good at math. But math is good if you're handling your finances especially in our taxes and all that stuff too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I it's interesting. I tend to have quite a few nursing students in my college math classes, in my statistics classes, those are
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: only the students, yeah, that take them. And uh my mom is retired registered nurse, so. Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you teach separate from from the schooling or you have your own you have your own uh tutoring.
SPEAKER_R: so I teach I teach a Australia Mountain community college, so it's a community college that's local uh local to where I live. It's actually not that far away though from now for now, I'm teaching from home because we're not we're not in person because so Arizona is is not doing so well with
SPEAKER_L: Get
SPEAKER_R: the Kobe
SPEAKER_L: on the lockdown.
SPEAKER_R: forces. Yeah, so we're we're not we're not in a lockdown, but most of us don't feel safe being on campus so we're teaching remotely. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I have a friend I have a friend who is also a teacher but he teaches um what he called. He teaches a special ed education so he doesn't online zoom. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's what I've been doing to. Um It's hard, I mean I don't it's just not the same as, you know the way I normally teach, but it wouldn't be any better in person because it's not like you can get close to anybody. So it's a little hard because then my students wouldn't be able to have conversations, I couldn't get close enough to them to like look at their paper or anything, so you know, I just had to make the best of it and do it again. So.
SPEAKER_L: at least at least you know there's some income coming as you know you have students hundreds you know.
SPEAKER_R: that's the that's the one thing I am thankful that I still have a job so that that's definitely good. Um I feel a little bad for for my students though because some of them have had a really rough time, so I'm trying to be as flexible as possible. But even even then I have students who are just like, I just don't think I can make it do this semester. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Okay that's good. Yeah because uh well in the health care well we I used to work in the beginning he used to it should be that I used to work in the covid areas. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: we're all gowns and everything mask then. Uh That's just kinda kind of iffy. Sometimes I actually really clean my wash my hands so it's done with so much things but now it's it's decreased here in texas a bit.
SPEAKER_R: I was good.
SPEAKER_L: Uh They have like some treatments they've been doing than a here but the area that I work in the hospital, they don't carry the covid patients didn't have a separate place. Yeah. So mostly I work in the cardiac cardiac with hard okay heart surgeries and and other stuff for surgeries. It's okay. Like it's nice to see you see a lot of different people come there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Very cool. I was gonna say. Yeah. I know I I am super paranoid with covid like washing my hands and everything every time I like go out of the house but I can't even imagine if I you and having to go to work and uh yeah it's just
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: so alright. That's one thing I totally feel for for anyone who works with with patients, whether they're covid or not covid because it's just so hard these days. Uh to to to just here be around all of that. So to thank thank you so much for what you do. So.
SPEAKER_L: Oh thank you. Thank you. You also you to you know you need you need your teaching essential for our kids and every people who wants to higher learning can't stop, you can start learning. You know, you have to keep going on. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: uh so what part of texas are you in now?
SPEAKER_L: or Houston it's
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: I have never been to Houston. I lived in so far very briefly, so I didn't, I haven't always been a teacher. Teaching is my second career, but I lived in uh the Dallas area for a while, right out of college. Many, many, many years ago, I worked for GT at the time, but it's not Verizon, but I dont their headquarters are no longer there in texas, I think they're in new york. But uh yeah, so I lived in texas but only for like eight months, so it wasn't very long.
SPEAKER_L: How did you like it? Huh? In Dallas?
SPEAKER_R: Um It was it was interesting, I liked it. I it was my first time living like kind of living alone other than during college. So I I enjoyed it, I liked exploring and I I did uh some different things, so I had a lot of fun. I took uh I'm so used to learning and I love learning so much, I took some classes, I took a photography class at a community college. I took ice skating lessons when I lived there. So I, I did a lot of stuff and it was, it was fun, It was good to get to branch out. It was a little hard, I a bit of an introvert, so I was not one that like, and I don't like to go out and party or anything, so I had a bit of a hard time meeting, meeting friends, those types of things. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I have friends who are in traverse city they like, yeah, I get, you know, they kind of like uh choose what they want. They there. Thanks. Right.
SPEAKER_R: but I found stuff to do and stuff to keep me busy. So it was, it was good. I, I kind of enjoyed it, but it was uh, was a little different as my first, so now now I'm in Arizona, I don't think it was my first experience with like really hot weather san Diego, the weather is really nice. And then even for college I was in I was in northern California, so um it was my first time living outside of California so uh right as an adult so it was it was fun, it was good to explore, but we had like that was that year, there was some crazy, it started like some crazy weather like we had I was trying to come home for christmas, there was an ice storm so they canceled the flights and it's the first time I've been through like a plate, so I had to fly standby and it was just crazy. Um
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah it was my first time that I've been on a plane that had to go through the de icing process uh to make sure there was no ice on planes so. Yeah. Yes
SPEAKER_L: is the the athlete to sleep at the airport that time? And when the advice storm came?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I prepared myself to sleep at the airport, luckily I didn't have to because I I was on standby on the last flight out. What I so I at that time it was it was so bad like my flight was cancelled but I couldn't get through to anybody because so many flights were canceled, so I had my I had a friend who was driving me to the airport and she still was willing to take me even though
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: the roads were a little icy and so I just stood in line and waited and then I got on the standby on the last flight and I was just very lucky to get on the flight. So I was I was prepared to sleep in the airport, I needed to try to get out but able to get on the flight. I was really lucky. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's good. So what part of Arizona do you, are you what
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: city
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: a I'm in Avondale which is a suburb of phoenix, so I'm in the west part of phoenix.
SPEAKER_L: west part of Arizona? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Is that near the border of California?
SPEAKER_R: No so I'm I'm on the outskirts of phoenix so you would be uh
SPEAKER_L: Of course? Right.
SPEAKER_R: so yeah it's kind of north and I were kind of in the and actually in the middle of the state, phoenix is not not too far north but kind of in the middle but I drive through Yuma all the time because as well when I when I visit my family my mom still lives in san Diego and my sister and nephew moving there. So I drive pretty regularly there. It's that's not too far. So driving it's about a six hour drive with stops
SPEAKER_L: It's not bad.
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: six
SPEAKER_R: way
SPEAKER_L: hours.
SPEAKER_R: so it's not too bad. Yeah not too
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: bad.
SPEAKER_L: but you see any UFOs.
SPEAKER_R: I have seen it one time coming actually coming out of work at night I saw weird
SPEAKER_L: You,
SPEAKER_R: lights in the sky. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Try to remember there was it was just very weird but I I don't normally other than start it's always always yeah.
SPEAKER_L: because I know Arizona has a lot of societies and stuff,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Only that one time I saw weird weird lights in the sky. But we also live near an air force base. I live near an airport so I think sometimes they do things their way they just don't tell us about it. So. All right.
SPEAKER_L: You're the way you live, are you close to Vegas to up Nevada?
SPEAKER_R: Uh You know I have not made my way to Vegas and since living here but we are a lot of people drive. It's closer it's a I remember I want to say it's maybe a four hour drive. It's actually I think closer than san Diego driveways to
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: las
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: Vegas.
SPEAKER_L: closer than four hours? Not bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's not too bad not too bad. I just I haven't actually driven out to Vegas so I don't know. I don't know why. There's there's 11 exhibit that I kind of wanted to see. It's like uh they're rocks outside of Vegas. But I think everything went once. Like everything hit with Covid. I haven't really been going anywhere.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because because me, I used to go to sometimes to the restaurants or restaurants, but we like take out and we groceries and just pick it up status. I do that too. Then not much traveling. I'm kind of homes in California, you know because all my family's out there and uh and but one day we'll probably go visit again to uh um California,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but it's not so bad in texas is quiet, people are friendly here and and it's much cheaper. It's so expensive. I don't know. I think the reason why we last maybe.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I would say people always ask me when I, when they find out I'm from San Diego and I moved here from San Diego because I was living after grad school, I lived in San Diego and taught there for a little while. Like why did you move here? Like because I wanted to be able to afford a house and like be able to live because in san Diego I'd be like in a tiny apartment with
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: room for anything, so it's just so expensive. So you're right, definitely.
SPEAKER_L: it's so expensive. Yeah. But I've been telling, you know my parents and my brother is just sit my siblings to come over but you know there there so I think their jobs are so uh in there already that I'm able to
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: leave
SPEAKER_R: hard.
SPEAKER_L: but there are professionals are able to afford at least a decent kind of housing them stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's good. And I know it's just, it's just so hard. So I know my sister and her husband lived in boston um for a while. Yeah and then they moved to SAn Diego. They are currently living with my mom trying to save money so that they can afford a place uh because it's yeah it's just so it is so expensive to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: live
SPEAKER_L: said
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: okay that's got the start saving up for you to buy a house there san Diego. Um Come is it cold in boston? Is like is that the reason why they left?
SPEAKER_R: Um so my sister is so funny so we both grew up in San Diego and she wanted to experience something different so she wanted to see like the changing diseases. So she went to college in upstate new york and then uh ended up in boston for graduate school, so she ended up living there but she did get tired and so it does no there she got tired of having to shovel snow and deal with snow and all that, so she was like I'm going to move back to SAn Diego so yeah I think like for a while you know, it's nice when she was younger and she was just like, hey, this isn't a big deal, but then she got tired of it after a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it tends to get, I'm not really, I'm kind of like a summer kinda hot hot, you know, not too hot but just enough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We um so his kids to my, my parents like skied and so we would, they would take us to see snow like I don't remember it but the first time I flew on an airplane was was to snow. Um because I, so I was only like 1 1.5. So my parents went, they took us to just know places a lot. But I like to visit, I'm good not having to live with snow because I don't want to have to deal with it. And even then like now, um I don't, I am always nervous to drive and so my sister obviously did when she was in boston, but I would love to go see snow if I didn't have to drive to it. Like the Grand Canyon when it's those I think would be really pretty but but I'm like I don't know that I want to drive up to drink and it's no
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: use.
SPEAKER_L: first Grand Canyon from your place.
SPEAKER_R: Um It is so it is a little ways that I actually exactly have never actually been to the Grand Canyon other than flying over it. Um So but it is um it is probably about the same as as Vegas maybe a little bit shorter Because it's not a direct route, you can't have to go up and over. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I had to
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: Flagstaff
SPEAKER_L: trust.
SPEAKER_R: is like two hours and then I think yeah it's probably about 44 or five hours.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's good. At least you got some, got some like a bucket list going on there.
SPEAKER_R: I do yeah for sure and I they have they do train trips like you can drive part of the way and then take a train. Um And canyon abducting. I might do that one day just to just to be able to see it. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing that's interesting to me. Like, like I would like to, because they said you can take a train trip from new york California go all the way. Never tried that. But it should be, I heard it should be lesser or more expensive. I'm not too sure. Probably
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: more expensive, isn't it? I'm not sure sure. Two.
SPEAKER_R: I've seen this because one of my major, what I, what I say is my the top thing on my bucket list is to visit all 50 states. Um and I have made it to 32 so I have 18 to go. But a lot of them are, a lot of them are like the middle of the country that I just have not had a reason to go to. So I thought about doing like the trade trip that goes across the
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's
SPEAKER_R: you know that I think there there are some things I mean it's not that cheap but I think there are some trips that are not too expensive. They
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: do. Yeah. So I I thought about it. I haven't done it yet. I always wonder, I don't know if it's one of those things where I'm like, I don't know about like sleeping on a train for multiple base. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's like, that's the reason why I just wrote this big train and I got, I didn't see nothing like you're sleeping.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Like so I I like trains. I've been I've gone on not uh not here in Arizona but I places I've gone before I've taken train ride for north Carolina. I went on a train ride to see some Siri. So I love you. Uh The hardest part is like I always try to sit on sit outside so I can take pictures because I love to pick. Ah But but with like big trains like that go across the country because the hard part is like sitting outside. So I don't have glass, the reflection from the glass blocking the camera. Uh But I think in a lot of those those train trips, I don't know how many how many opportunities there are to like stop and take pictures. I think that's that's maybe what makes me hesitate because I would like to be like, hey can you stop? I'd like to take a picture. We're not going to do that. No. Yeah but
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: I think go
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: ahead.
SPEAKER_L: uh so where the, so so besides any proof if you have any advice for more online service or you have any more like online jobs or something you know about
SPEAKER_R: Um So let's see. I don't remember other places. So uh it's I don't know how easy it is to get started with them. But pine cone research does surveys. They're not as regular though. So it's it's like kind of hit or miss. But they pay you they it's over every survey you do. They pay you like $3. So it's uh
SPEAKER_L: what's that bad
SPEAKER_R: it's more of the net, it's more of a set a set. No. Um But you don't get like multiple surveys a week. So it's our multiple surveys a day. So like prolific does. Um So the amazon I amazon, I don't think it's as good as it used to be. Uh the mechanical turk.
SPEAKER_L: and.
SPEAKER_R: But so one thing and I have not kept up with it so so much. But like Reddit has a lot of places that you can find. So like there's I don't know how much you follow. Read it, but they have the some credit for its called beer money. Uh And and so yeah, so if you find if you search for Reddit and your money, they actually had a a list of places where you can earn income in different ways. So sometimes it's like app and uh that you you do or you watch videos or different things that people post about so you can find ways to make money. Yeah. Yeah. That's usually when I when I am looking for something else to do, that's usually where I go um to see what's going on because I I have I have not been keeping up uh as much lately but they have some good things and they have and then there are there are apps that will like if you're, if you're comfortable taking pictures of receipts they have like but they sometimes they have waiting lists to get it. But like Christie pal I think is one that receipt hog. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: You just earned, you earn like points or coins when you submit receipts and then eventually you can cash it out for amazon gift cards or money people. But it takes it takes a lot to get to the uh to the payout. So it's kind of tedious. So I do it but I don't necessarily count on it. It's not as regular, as prolific, prolific is probably the best one that I found