Thank you. No. All right. Doing
good good. My name is robert.
Nice to meet you.
Yeah how are you? Part of also participant in the prolific see? Uh
I mean
yeah I love this. I just found this out and they're paying pounds too. I mean I was surprising so there's so much more difference. It made it bigger
aren't you?
huh.
Yeah. Hey I mean in the long run it pays big. You know I'm saving prolific. You know how have you been saving your prolific as far as your wages? You these
that
Okay man I think I lived for a long time. Right?
work in the health care. I work in a nursing assistant. Yeah
and I do use my off days too and trying to save some money up for for the four X. Like uh it's kind of like stock trading western currencies say. Uh huh.
Nice. Yet you have Children.
all right that's nice. So
no kids yet but expecting
thank you thank you. Yeah
april april
Not to this but this might this would be my first. Right
Oh no it's a sublime er I used to live in California and I'm like me and my wife were relocated to texas and
marshall county.
listen my dad was stationed in san Diego. Yeah
yeah
yeah the Navy.
Oh your name the kid also
because
yeah we always used to go to Guam and how do you change schools and friends and
Oh that's nice that's good. Uh See at least you can you see the world I mean you're really smart. Mhm.
What
that's good it's nice. So what part of uh area of teaching you uh teach I
or not
I stuck
it mad.
that. Yeah
I wish I was good at math. But math is good if you're handling your finances especially in our taxes and all that stuff too. Yeah.
good.
Yeah you teach separate from from the schooling or you have your own you have your own uh tutoring.
Get
on the lockdown.
I have a friend I have a friend who is also a teacher but he teaches um what he called. He teaches a special ed education so he doesn't online zoom. Yeah.
at least at least you know there's some income coming as you know you have students hundreds you know.
Okay that's good. Yeah because uh well in the health care well we I used to work in the beginning he used to it should be that I used to work in the covid areas. Yeah
we're all gowns and everything mask then. Uh That's just kinda kind of iffy. Sometimes I actually really clean my wash my hands so it's done with so much things but now it's it's decreased here in texas a bit.
Uh They have like some treatments they've been doing than a here but the area that I work in the hospital, they don't carry the covid patients didn't have a separate place. Yeah. So mostly I work in the cardiac cardiac with hard okay heart surgeries and and other stuff for surgeries. It's okay. Like it's nice to see you see a lot of different people come there.
No.
Oh thank you. Thank you. You also you to you know you need you need your teaching essential for our kids and every people who wants to higher learning can't stop, you can start learning. You know, you have to keep going on. Yeah,
or Houston it's
like,
How did you like it? Huh? In Dallas?
I have friends who are in traverse city they like, yeah, I get, you know, they kind of like uh choose what they want. They there. Thanks. Right.
well.
is the the athlete to sleep at the airport that time? And when the advice storm came?
All
Oh, that's good. So what part of Arizona do you, are you what
city
was
west part of Arizona? Okay.
Is that near the border of California?
Of course? Right.
It's not bad.
six
hours.
And
but you see any UFOs.
You,
Okay.
because I know Arizona has a lot of societies and stuff,
You're the way you live, are you close to Vegas to up Nevada?
so
you're
closer than four hours? Not bad.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because because me, I used to go to sometimes to the restaurants or restaurants, but we like take out and we groceries and just pick it up status. I do that too. Then not much traveling. I'm kind of homes in California, you know because all my family's out there and uh and but one day we'll probably go visit again to uh um California,
but it's not so bad in texas is quiet, people are friendly here and and it's much cheaper. It's so expensive. I don't know. I think the reason why we last maybe.
I
mean
it's so expensive. Yeah. But I've been telling, you know my parents and my brother is just sit my siblings to come over but you know there there so I think their jobs are so uh in there already that I'm able to
leave
but there are professionals are able to afford at least a decent kind of housing them stuff.
I
said
okay that's got the start saving up for you to buy a house there san Diego. Um Come is it cold in boston? Is like is that the reason why they left?
Yeah, it tends to get, I'm not really, I'm kind of like a summer kinda hot hot, you know, not too hot but just enough.
I
first Grand Canyon from your place.
I had to
go
and
trust.
Okay. That's good. At least you got some, got some like a bucket list going on there.
Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing that's interesting to me. Like, like I would like to, because they said you can take a train trip from new york California go all the way. Never tried that. But it should be, I heard it should be lesser or more expensive. I'm not too sure. Probably
more expensive, isn't it? I'm not sure sure. Two.
Okay. That's
I
It's like, that's the reason why I just wrote this big train and I got, I didn't see nothing like you're sleeping.
what
mean
uh so where the, so so besides any proof if you have any advice for more online service or you have any more like online jobs or something you know about
what's that bad
and.
huh.