Hello?
Hey, how's it going? Around? Yes,
can you hear me okay? Can you hear me? Uh huh
Oh hey, how's it going? Mm
Is
this your
first time doing? Yeah, this your first time doing one of these conversations? Okay. So Basically we had to talk for about 25 minutes um about anything and everything, like just anything that we want to talk about. So like any topics of interests, anything that's going on um totally you basically, you know, you open up to however much you want, is that et cetera? So I'll start off, so I'm originally Cuban
spawn in cuba. I came when I was four years old And I've been living um we'll have lived in Miami Florida for about 18 years and then I moved over to northern florida where um I'm not sure if you know where university of florida is, but I went to college there for about six years and then I moved out of florida about six months ago and now I'm living in Washington state, um in in Tacoma. So like south central Tacoma around there. So
what do I do? Um yeah,
I write, I'm like a writer online. Um I do articles and stuff and contribute to like an online publisher. But um besides that, I also work with like tech and
like try to like, you know, get into like trying to get into the coding business that are recording tech, technology, uh, companies now. So uh, that's what's going on right now. Um and yeah, I love it. I love Washington so far. It's been really nice. Um been to about 27 states and I'd say right now it's probably like the most beautiful state I've been to. Uh huh.
Well
no.
wow, okay.
I've like been through there. Um yeah, like driven by there, like, I don't know, how far are you from like the Grand Canyon, like the Northern Room? That's
in Arizona,
but like, I don't know, but I just remember, I, I just remember like this one road I just looked like basically traveled through like Utah, like I took, I went from like Salt Lake City, which is like north east, right? Like no, no, these are, you tell that cut straight down all the way down to Arizona.
okay, okay,
True.
what's the population there, you know like how many? Mhm
that's
and there's actually like tribespeople there, like they live and they're like, you know, do their their life right? Like Oh wow, wow, that's crazy. That's kind of cool.
that's cool. Um can't say I've met any yet from like the west coast um Trying to think if I met someone like the native americans in florida, I don't I don't think I have but um that's cool. I mean I've never been like the desert, I don't think I've ever been like the desert areas here well except like when I went to Zion or like banking, you know that?
Yeah I did um Angels landing like the the hike, Angels landing which I recommend
you
um might not want to do because it's just like really intent, right, it's really intense and there's some spots from like wow, I can't believe like there's like no harnesses, there's like no ropes like you can like you can literally slip and fall and like dai so uh yeah just stay away from that but
I mean
if you're up
it's
a very narrow very narrow passage, very narrow passage through. So yeah, So right now do you miss California or do you like, do you like where
you're at right now? Like more or less?
mm. All right, well it's not bad.
Yeah, so I'm basically like not in downtown area, but like I'm basically like the heart of like Tacoma right down in the center of it. Um like the area is called University Place, but basically I'm renting out like an Airbnb um with a roommate, which I've known him for quite some time. Mhm. And um currently we're just basically trying to get established here, you just got a job. I'm still trying to get myself and be a in the tech business. So um you know, so right now we're just kind of waiting for Kobe to hit
hit low so that way we can start start making moves for the apartment. So.
Yeah. Yeah, it has um like right now I think the governor here has like issued a lockdown, so I think like there's no there's no like gyms or bars or anything that's you can go ahead and go into right now. Yeah,
yeah, yeah, we're experiencing like third wave right now, so it's not looking very good. Um sad, but yeah, I mean we'll see if things get better here in the next coming coming
months, we'll see what happens. Um I don't know, I'm optimistic because I think as the days passed, we're getting closer to a vaccine.
Um That's right, you feel about that, But I
think
Yeah. Yeah, because right now it's just like, it's not helping anyone, it's just really putting everything just just bad. Um But yeah, so how do you feel about um I guess besides the state of the world, what are your like, what are your hobbies if you have any like
There's
plenty
of like salmon here in Washington, you can just apparently just could approach like any river, any like fresh water and just like you'll see some splashing around, wow,
excuse
me,
That's cool, That's cool. That's and you said you also your your husband also hunts,
that's like such a like one concept to me, like I don't, and the thing is like I would like to try it maybe once or
twice just because like I don't know, hunting is like, I was like one of the, one of the main things we've done like as humans for like a long time.
So
yeah. Yeah, like I feel like, I don't know there's no if you eat meat then like you shouldn't know where that meat comes from, like you shouldn't know like how you how you want or whatever like how it's tended to. Um
So I don't
think
That's
crazy.
I
mean
nice. That's cool. That's cool.
All right. Uh Yeah I'm not not the best cook but I I tried like cooking in college and try to like be a little bit better in the in the kitchen um lately I haven't but I should get back to it.
but I definitely needed um
So I mean my hobbies do not that like interesting. I mean see I like I play music like playing keyboard, I played basketball. Uh Oh I'm about to adopt a lot.
What's that what's it?
Yeah
sorry about that kitty. How to how to kitty coming here. Um But I'm about to uh get a german shepherd dog. yeah,
A puppy, like an eight week old puppy. Yeah,
so I'm a little nervous, but not really deal with commitments. Um
And
yeah, yeah, yeah, so it's gonna be a lot of commitment, a lot of work, so um but I think I'm ready, I think I'm can I give it a good, a good, you know, good effort to make sure it's doing what needs to be doing, it's a good good dog living in a good in a good home, so
definitely,
Yeah, definitely, definitely. Yeah, totally, 100%, like I'm watching German shepherd training videos, like every single day,
I'm just like religiously like looking at this like, what am I supposed to do, what am I supposed to feed it? How am I supposed to like, engage
it well, so I'm approaching it very, very carefully, like just knowing that it's going to be a lot of work and like a lot of patients will be required.
yeah.
What kind of, what kind of hunting dog?
A black lab? Nice.
Nice. That's a sweet doggy.
Mhm. Oh
Yeah. Nice. What, what is her name?
Copper. Okay.
Yeah, I'm thinking between jade and Xena. What do you think?
Mhm.
Which one
jane? Okay. You have any other suggestions?
because I'm, I'm trying
to get, I'm trying to get like a poor here. I'm trying to see what one names I can I can use, I might just like end up seeing how she behaves and depending on her personality. I just like being her then.
Well, as
you
call
her
like how do you, how did you get her to come or whatever you
say?
now, No.
Brand
says. that's funny. Mhm. That's that's that's
hilarious.
It's going to be a female female german shepherd. Yeah.
I would say
so, I would say.
Yeah. I just had to like constantly give her attention and make sure she's not developing bad habits. Early stuff like that. Um Yeah, she's it's
gonna be nice. She's she's a pure bred german shepherd and she's got like paperwork to show she's like a legit like working mine um from like a check, she's from a champion damage check check line, so it's gonna be pretty cool. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Indeed. Yeah. They're very they were actually like better for protection of the border and in Czech Republic. But I'm not going to train her to be like some kind of like crazy Qena I'm just gonna, I don't want her to be very obedient. It's all obedience. She can be playful and you know, player Lawn seven. As long as she's not
like living too hard or anything. Yeah.
And I've got to like, I'm gonna, yeah, I've been looking at this guy on Youtube is pretty good. Um I got a leash, do some leash training so I wish knows how to behave with the leash when it's like friendly poll, their tongues. It's like not meant to be a negative thing. Yeah, she
has to understand that like early. So yeah, I've been looking like a lot of things like how to, how to approach it.
Mhm. You see the cab back there like over here,
What?
really? Hmm.
But yeah, the cat, this is like probably the friendliest cat ever seen in my life.
Like
he
doesn't,
that's, that's, that's a good question that I've already asked. I'm like, I don't know how this cat's going to deal with it because right now we we do have a already grown german shepherd in this house and they don't get along like she like or he rather because the cats are heat and and the dogs that she he gets really upset whenever he gets like around her. So like he starts everybody he starts growling and like his thing and like throwing like a tangier like a tantrum. So um I don't know. I think as a puppy they'll be fine because it's like there's no threat right there sound like I'm going to do anything bad. Um But we'll see, we'll
see how they meet. I mean yeah, I think as long as the cat is comfortable in the space which which clearly he is, I'm carol carefully introduced the puppy to him and see how they read, see how they react and stuff and see how so he takes him,
Yeah it's gonna be me funny. Yeah. That's very funny out here. Um And the funny thing is the owners are also getting another dog, it's gonna be three dogs and a cat and yeah they're all driven shepherds, so it's just gonna be like oh my God saying. Yeah but this cat though, this cat is, he's one of the friendliest, he's one of the family, he's just like just like hangs out, he hangs out and just like just like comes to you for like like rubs.
I had
cats. Yeah, I've grown to respect cats, like I love dogs but cats are just like easier just like do their own thing and like they clean
up after themselves.
bunny. No way bunnies, let's go.
my gosh okay
well that's
why I was four. I was like okay well that's what it was for the bunnies.
No, I I get you like I don't know sometimes you gotta like I don't know like respect me you're about to eat and like I don't know if you like treat the rabbit well you get like a good quality media right here. At least that's like true for like cows is what I hear like if you treat a cow well if you, you know it's crazy good good grass if it's like in good conditions, if it's happy and like you're gonna get really good beef. Really good cheese and all that stuff. True. That's cool. All right.
That's pretty cool though. Like that's that's pretty cool. I mean having your own like it's like your own social statement like environment. It's pretty cool. It's pretty cool. Like that's like the dream right there.
Well nice. I mean it happened. So, I mean even even in the pandemic like stuff happen for me to like I was able to come out here in the west because I got laid off from my job because they were doing like a bunch of like For lonely to the employer in seven. I unfortunately
I hit but okay. Like it was, it was fine because I wanted that to happen anyways, I had enough money to like make my make moves and and gather enough like, you know, resources to make the move. And I was like, all right, well it's time and I did it.
I'm
glad
it worked
out.
mm hmm.
So,
so like I can, I'm looking into like the video gaming industry and seeing like how they divide their like employers and what they focus on like animation or like developments or um you know, stuff of that nature. So I'm just looking to see what I like and what I don't like and by working through like the languages and seeing what it is, I like seeing as like the building blocks then I can start seeing like what exactly it is like gets me going or what exactly is I like about the process of building video games. Um So that's that's the idea. Um Let's see what happens right now. I'm I need to like network more obviously because, but you know, because Covid is making life impossible.
It's really hard
to do that. Yeah, But at least I know like one one, like a friend who works with him like Amazon per twitch so he could probably help me like at least like a foot in the door so then to you know getting that in that industry so we'll see, we'll see what happens. But I just kind of like stick to it for a while, see how the ground goes.
Thanks.
Thanks
Yeah. It's it's tough to like have that but it's mostly like discipline and have like I don't like a good time frame and good time managing skills and it works for your benefit. Um But there's like a lot of them that are hard to find that like actually pay a decent decent amount or even give like a good a good set of hours. Um But you can try looking and seeing like there's teaching opportunity to sell hope that nature because I know I was involved in like a program for teaching. Uh I thought like it's not like chinese students english for a while,
like a couple months. Um So that worked out even though like sometimes I wouldn't be able to have as many spots as I want to. Um That was, that
was the issue.
I think the one I specifically applied for required you to have like at least ambassadors but there could be some out there that I don't think requires you to have anything necessary or anything specific.
Um So I think you'll be fine. Um Yeah, but hey, it looks like I think we already passed our time but it was really nice talking to you um Really a pleasure.
Uh you know Utah when I wang getting to kind of check it out unfortunately, but it seemed like a really nice place when I was there. So yeah, I got to check it out at some point again.
Well
pleasure. You're welcome. You have a great day. Okay