Yeah okay. Uh huh. Oh yeah okay mm. Okay okay yeah got a question and another time. Mhm. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Mhm. All right yeah what happened? Yeah yeah Okay. Mhm. Yeah yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay yeah. Okay yeah. Okay. Mhm. Your presentation what we do? Yeah yeah.
No.
Uh huh. Yeah
Yeah yeah
pretty good. Not quite sure what we're supposed to do any work
I guess
just
Thank you
that's beautiful,
come on yeah.
good
yeah come on. Oh well I'm originally from California, I I grew up there in a little tiny tiny tiny town um in northern California mm and moved out, I went to college um in the neighboring town, little tiny community college, they're met my husband um and had a daughter uh we uh decided that we needed something different until we Uh huh He found a job in Nevada then removed to Nevada. Um and then he decided that he woman to go home. Um So we ended up, he's really from Idaho and so we ended up moving um to like around Boise area in Idaho. Um And so from there uh we just kind of I don't know hopped around, we moved to like the southern part of the state um And then my husband got a job in Utah and that's that's where we're at right now um
We live
in the middle um the Utah desert. Yeah.
Yeah.
Probably
like.
Uh huh. Yeah we we actually live in like ah northeastern corner um Utah yeah
in the little. Uh huh. So it's nice, it's really rural um which is is actually nice right now because of uh the things that are going on in the world, I
feel kind of like in a way grateful and isolated in them away, you know? No. Right thank you. Mhm.
in in the like community that I live in um See well immediate population in the area that I live in, there's 3 3 houses. Um we actually live on, we actually live on a fish hatchery. Mm And like on tribal man. So yeah so
the tribe Say the little town is probably a 150. Mm.
Yeah it's kind of crazy the place where we live is like the U. N. To basin is what they call it. And um there's a lot of like um the indians that are here are the Ute indians and so they there's a lot of like little tribal communities. Mm. Yeah.
big uh popular place to go whenever you come through.
don't
you?
I
think
I, I think I've seen videos of like I'm going across like a little tiny thing and uh no, that's not my
thing,
hopeful.
right, I do miss California through where like I grew up um I don't miss California for like uh let's see like the political standpoint on the whole state of California. Uh so I'm, I'm really grateful to be out there in that that aspect. Right?
And so uh in Washington. Uh huh So your, you said your Tacoma
frequently
yeah, it seems like covid is kind of uh coconut toll on a whole lot of stuff huh
Utah is pretty much open um in terms of like bars and restaurants and things that you can go into but uh huh driving the headings having and that direction of closing down again which kind of speaks. Yeah.
every
No.
no,
I am hoping for the vaccine that we can at least you know been in terms of getting a vaccine and getting like that point of her community, we can keep this something out.
I went, I don't know, we we like going out and going fishing and hunting and um mm my husband works in fish so we're yeah, yeah, so he raises trout and we go out get to see like parts of the country um uh parts of the state in the country
but
now
have actually really good like
population of fish
during the talks. Mm Most of them are stocked out of um the state's category system. Sure. Even like uh we really like to go and go like striper fishing and those are still stocked out of uh hatchery which is kind of interesting. Oh.
Yeah, we we all front uh me and my husband and my five year old, we like to hunt geese and uh
People.
Right. You're like innate
nature of like trying to provide for your family.
right.
My
husband, my husband is here Drew and shot in a loop. Mm And so we they like processed it and it's fill in our freezer this winter. And so
to
me we like eat antelope and like replace um let's say like store bought beef or Yeah. So anything that I'm pretty creative in the kitchen and anything that uh require speech, I can usually make it
into
the elk or antelope.
the sequence.
Yeah, well hopefully I give you some inspiration. I said hopefully I can give you some inspiration. Oh.
Britain.
Uh huh.
Come on. Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah.
He
that would be nice.
Who
will have the committee?
it just depends like on your willingness to put in the effort, you know, making a good
dog.
No.
And.
Right, but we have a house, I mean we have a family dog, but it's also um a
hunting dog and she she took a lot of like work and dedication, I think that her like where is she is today? Um I mean she can retriever
um she's uh lab background.
See goes out and retreat their birds for us. Mhm.
Yeah, she she's a good dog, she gets spoiled ever. A lot of people like looked down on using dogs for hunting and things like that because they think that you know they just work um but
in all actuality she probably has a really really great life because she just gets a little and she gets to do what she loves to do, which is awesome.
Her name is Copper.
Yeah, she was named whenever we got her and we just didn't feel like change hearing me.
Well jade and Messina. Mm
I actually see
gee is it
I don't know. Mhm Girl
I'm assuming.
Right and I've done that before, he had done growing up and she didn't have a name for a long time um and
like
it
was
like months,
I'm
just happy with your
And then she she proved her name, we ended up naming your princess,
you know
So
is the dog female and male?
Yeah, female dogs are seem like they're a little bit better tempered and easier to break kind of bad habits,
but
since we're getting nervous and company is kind of nice, you don't have very many bets I was breaking
What?
they're they're one of the smartest dogs, they can be very good protectors, but they're very smart.
Thanks.
thank you. Just
Yes,
yeah, our our dog, she was leash trained whenever she was a puppy, but she's kind of like I don't know, maybe forcefully forgot a whole lot. And so she's she's really bad on the leash. She pulls and I'm like, come on, you know where you're supposed to do?
All right. I can't actually my face is
in the way. Uh huh.
Mm.
How
is
how
is the captain and deal with copy?
What?
Yeah. So you said that you have another another dog that's going to be fun dog and a puppet.
uh I see. Yeah, we we only have a dog. We don't have any other inside pet. Uh huh.
We got
All
They're like, yeah, we have uh Let's see when she's 3, 4. All right. We have five bunnies like bunny rabbits.
They we we actually got on my daughter really wanted some bunnies. Um and then really like raise the, some of them this year for uh her meet uh and so we read them and raise them and uh put them on our freezer. Mm.
I know
how.
Yeah. Well then there is the bunnies that we still have our, so uh what do you call it? They're still pets. I mean we get them around pet him and hold him and love on them, but there it's a good good thing to have. Um I might sound weird and prepper, but in the state of uh not being on the find things on the shelf. Uh it was really nice to know that we could grow our own things and stuff like that.
So we can know how to have our little like our neighbors say that we have a homestead kind of because we have bunnies, and we got chickens and we got a garden, all of those,
Right, well it's it was our dream for a long time and we couldn't ever make it happen, and we moved here and we kind of started setting things in motion, right, we set up our garden and stuff a little bit before the pandemic it, mm um we had already had the bunny is and things like that, and we're like this is this is our dream, we should make it happen. Um and the pandemic hit, and we're like hold on, thank God, thank goodness for that dream, huh, mhm mm
Alex,
no, that's clear,
so
like
we're
kind of like part of uh right,
you said that you're going to get into my computer check type thing, what kind of stuff were you thinking are coding? What kind of things
were you?
no,
it's
Well, good luck with that. I'm
currently
like currently thinking, you know, one of the things that I could do uh like work from home type things, which are seem all too good to be true. Right. Mhm. Come on.
And
It's
not kind of hard to get into Or was it?
hi.
Yeah,
yeah, it's beautiful. So if you uh definitely come check it out, mm
Well, thank you.
You also.