SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. All right okay. Yeah Okay mm. So sure. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: All right woo.
SPEAKER_R: You hear me?
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you just fine. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Unless you unless somebody showed up actually,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was my second time through it
SPEAKER_R: how's this speak? Yeah yeah
SPEAKER_L: my name is David. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: sorry my name is wanda,
SPEAKER_L: What? All right. I'm I'm in Chicago Illinois. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I mean in Dallas texas?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right. I've been uh I've done a good deal of travel to texas but never to uh never to Dallas by uh company I worked for had a big campus in Houston for a long time.
SPEAKER_R: Oh it's cool. I haven't been down to Houston always been to Austin I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard Austin is a crazy place.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I mean I have heard stories from some friends, I'm not I'm not actually from here, I'm from Panama but I'm starting here right now.
SPEAKER_L: Oh gosh what are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: Computer science, any stuff, switch
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: it off
SPEAKER_L: I uh I I studied I didn't study computer science, I studied network communications and I work in technology. My company I was mentioning was was Hewlett Packard? Right.
SPEAKER_R: we're working um like what was your position?
SPEAKER_L: Um so it's still the same position the company Hewlett Packard's split into two and the laptops and like personal products went off into their own company that's still called Hewlett Packard and then the enterprise stuff like servers, storage, networking equipment that went into Hewlett Packard enterprise. So now I'm and Hewlett Packard Enterprise, um what I do is I'm called an account support manager and basically a large company like A T and T or blue cross blue shield, they'll buy um like enhanced levels of support um, that promised things like four hour calls, a restoration. So you know, when they pick up the phone, like we start a concurrent timer from the moment that they call into our support line that, you know, we'll have them back up and running in four hours. But to make sure that can happen, like you've got to make sure that the solutions, you know, you've got very specific for more levels installed, that your os images are all built and tested and ready to go, you know that everything that can be automated is automated. So that's what I manage, I manage the the delivery of all that support, which entails all the planning that goes into, you know, being able to restore a system within four hours.
SPEAKER_R: uh some stuff um it sounds like you have to deal with a lot of people and having them get having them doing their stuff at their properly
SPEAKER_L: it is
SPEAKER_R: given time.
SPEAKER_L: it is a lot of, yeah a lot of a lot of teamwork is needed to get it done, that's for
SPEAKER_R: No, I can't imagine, wow, do some almost, are you like a supervisor almost over? Like do you oversee people?
SPEAKER_L: not not directly. Um So I have like I have control of like contractual engagements that give me within our like internal tools that like I can carve out tasks for other people and then I'm responsible for those tasks but like I I don't do direct hiring or anything like that. Um But I do like you know find resources for certain deliveries, you know if I need, you know, something very specific, scripted or you know, a network consultants or you know, um where were you? The account support manager title is a little bit misleading because we're also um we all each of us also has like our own technical specialty or like a a platform
SPEAKER_R: of course.
SPEAKER_L: of product that we specialize in. So
SPEAKER_R: So you can all complement each
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: other? Pretty much.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. We turn around internally and be like, okay, well this customer, they mostly have, you know, industry standard servers, intel based, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Of course,
SPEAKER_L: running windows or Linux or something. Um you know what, that would be kind of my area, but then there's, you know, storage arrays, there's network switches, there's storage switches, you know, all kinds of other products that, you know, everyone's got their
SPEAKER_R: grandchild
SPEAKER_L: own.
SPEAKER_R: into their own little world, I mean Oh man. So I'm pretty sure communication is like key on, on the job.
SPEAKER_L: video calls, actually, video cards are fairly new, that surprisingly in our in our organization, we've always done conference calls though a lot of time on the phone.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because usually people cannot get together all your stuff too. And now we'll see even worse. But you got to deal with the elements.
SPEAKER_L: right. How's, how's the university life with uh, you know, all the covid stuff that's got to be wild?
SPEAKER_R: well, you know, it kind of sucks
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: when your pain, you know, full price even more me than I'm paying international rates for on campus on campus education. And I don't get to use any of the campus amenities, but I'm paying for them on top of the classes. So it's, I mean they're waving that this semester, but still, it's like the environment is different. I'd struggle a little bit with some my calculus classes and the advanced computer science ones because you don't get that. Hey professor, how do you do this? You have to connect to him first and I can take a few business days. So I mean I did well at the end of the day, the transition was kind of weird. You know, like you're used to having a schedule getting up at this time after, have to go to this place to this one when that's all taken out. Like it's kind of weird like with that much freedom, it actually gets worse because then you start like, um I don't know, doing things um in the tender was supposed to be done and then you have to push around the things you were supposed to be doing that time. And when you realize you're sleeping a day
SPEAKER_L: Man,
SPEAKER_R: and doing homework night. Why? I know it simply just happens. I'm pretty sure it's anxiety or like a build up of, you know, you don't know what's gonna happen is the university gonna close forever. It's not gonna happen. But still um, you're jeopardizing your education for something that's out of control. Kind of sucks, but still you gotta, you gotta deal with. Uh, I've done my best, but I have some people that are not too happy, like some friends.
SPEAKER_L: I can imagine so it's a big investment and a lot of work and effort to goes into a degree.
SPEAKER_R: your american writer, you guys have the, have the conferences back in back home, everything's like physical. So most of my friends, their teachers are not used to this. So they sometimes they won't even get a class. As you know,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I mean, people have different backgrounds and tech is not that big. Other, some countries are bigger impact than others. So when a country that's not big on tech is forced to go online, it can be heavy.
SPEAKER_L: You probably better versed in it than I am going through, you know, the the university life now. But even, you know when I went to school, they were, we were even then discussing the digital divide, you know, and all the problems it creates from country to country, region to region across different languages and you know, all those considerations and they're all there today. So yeah, I can only imagine what it's like and you know, Panama or any other country where adoption rates are wildly different than they are here in the States. Even even actually even here in the States in Chicago where I live, they were talking about a lot of kids in the Chicago public schools that have all gone, you know, to at home, you know, digital learning um a lot of kids didn't have laptops at home, they only had tablets and then the learning platforms require like a full laptop to you know, to do everything. So like they had a lot of problems where they were having to lay. I think their solution was they the libraries are all closed down. They basically rented out the public computers that were in the libraries, you know, so that they disassembled the libraries to
SPEAKER_R: No, I can imagine because
SPEAKER_L: to get
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: the kids into school.
SPEAKER_R: they have to, they have to have everybody being able to do they work that's required. Um, That's kind of what happened in Panama with the public schools like the Elementaries and the high schools, like most public schools don't have these devices to provide for everyone, right, because they're pretty much free public education. Um So when this hit, they had to cancel for both private and public educational entities, like my friends were out of school for like 23 weeks till they decide like, hey, you gotta do it online or we're going to have the education frozen in the country, nobody's going to learn anything, but still is something
SPEAKER_L: scary
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: thought to the whole generation of kids is going to miss you know even if they are successful and they do get into the digital classes, how much are they actually losing out on how far behind will they be? You know What's that going to mean 15 years from now when there you know your age my age you know trying to start life and yeah move on to a career and all that kind of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: And no. Yeah, I mean it definitely, I mean sometimes it's kind of cruel to think like 2018 graduates and 2019, they get their picture at their campus and they graduate and these guys will just have no picture like that. That's kind of like one of the many things like you don't feel you're learning that's the environment plays a huge role in the mind. I've come to find
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: big.
SPEAKER_R: where you are really does affect like how you're thinking and where you can actually get done and what you cannot get done because it plays plays a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: It's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I know yeah when I uh I was 18 it was I graduated high school in 2000 and I went to southern Illinois University which has a reputation for being a party school and I I partook in that whole environment flunked out and I ended up
SPEAKER_R: We're
SPEAKER_L: going to college somewhere else in a second chance. Um But yeah you know that the environment really does make a huge difference because that s I u I didn't learn anything, couldn't learn anything, you know and it wasn't until it wasn't until I was you know working a job back home and going to school and like had the whole you know of I guess uh responsibility of all that that I you know had the right mindset to use the education that I was getting.
SPEAKER_R: uh second because you you can have the tools but how to use them. It's pretty much what makes them count. All right.
SPEAKER_L: I learned you get out of education exactly what you put into it. You know if you're just if you're just going to a school and just attending you know and you won't learn much and yeah that's that that's that but you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know what,
SPEAKER_R: mean some things will be pushed in, but if you're not applying them they'll be forgotten. You're
SPEAKER_L: if you want to learn and you have access to the resources then you'll you'll learn it,
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully. I mean we can get this stuff back on trackers. I feel like actually when complaining courses, even if you're like doing them online or whatever, you're not fully learning from them and then when you get to the next courses you're expected to know like breakfast, its previous courses and online delivery is not making the cut. I've gotten plenty of seas and these because of I mean I had time sure
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: but time is useless if I cannot do anything with it. The Professor one answer. I have a question. I cannot find it online. But am I supposed to have to wait? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: about what about lab work? You know in computer science, do you guys have like um you know computer labs where you know, you would access equipment or you know, be able to run your programs against, you know, other resources and things like that. Used to have access to that kind of stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: We used to have uh we have a limited spiritual server. So before then the before the corona we won't go to the university, to the faculty and when we had the laps we'll just go to a computer lab and everybody will be given the assignment and they'll complete it will sign a paper and they'll get out of the classroom. Now, I mean back then you went into the Windows computer, you locked into the like Linux server and you did C Plus Plus for example. Now much the same. But instead of going to lab, you have to like sign a I agree, I'm doing all this work by myself. Have to take a picture and then you get into the, into the lab and you do the lab, you get out and submission is
SPEAKER_L: So you still have to get physically into the computer center to do your work so they don't they don't have like a VPN or anything where you can access it
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: remotely
SPEAKER_R: no. They
SPEAKER_L: from homer?
SPEAKER_R: do, they do that. That's that's how I get in. That. They take a picture of me from home, like, like here, like they'll make they like show yourself, put your name, your ID. I agree that I'm doing all this by myself. I'm getting no external help. Well that's it. But how truthful we can people be in there. I mean, they can say it will have a webcam in, turn off my mike and I can copy my everything out. But if I do that, I'm going to get rolled in six months already done it in the past. Remember from From my first year university, I used to copy my way through calculus one and I got to come to the store like oh wait I'm not done yet. Boom
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I got a D. And I have to pass with that. We'll see have to retake the course. I lost the money because I wanted to be smarter. It's not smart, stupid. You're not learning. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Wild thing about education in that regard is uh in the workforce we call copying off of somebody leveraging, right? I'm leveraging my colleagues skill set, that's normal, like that's you
SPEAKER_R: bullet.
SPEAKER_L: don't know the answer to something, like I tell my clients all the time, like, I don't know, I'll get back to you later today with that. I go I go find somebody else who's got the answer.
SPEAKER_R: I think this idea of the
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: work.
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean it's just completely I worked so it's a completely different dynamic and I used to work um sales but like retail can I like best buy? But in Panama.
SPEAKER_L: I did best buy to Okay.
SPEAKER_R: but the thing is in Panama is it's not the the shame because we don't get addition is kind of like a similar franchise we got, I mean this competition with your, with the other sales man and who's gonna make the biggest commission that's just,
SPEAKER_L: you're on commission, That's yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I was in remission now
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I know best fighters for commission
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's that's a shark tank,
SPEAKER_R: because I told the uh, one of the guys when I was buying in my local best buy like, oh, I'll come back and I'll buy from you like no dude, I'm free tomorrow. Okay, I'll button, don't, don't wait for me. I won't get anything out of the cell. You're good. Yeah, you have to, I appreciate the intention,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: but you don't have to. But um, yeah, work. I really want to work again. But a Panama of course, because over here I don't feel like the environment is like I have my way of forecast a person like my culture, I can get well with americans, but for some reason it takes me a little bit more effort to work with them. Can be language down or simple. So I mean it's fine. I, my uncles american because these are american. So I live here so. Oh but I don't know if I can I can work here. It's a very tense environment like at home I can get a little bit of um at rest cas. I want to say it like this, it's a little bit less professional. I'm sorry when I say it like this the U. S. There are more strict guidelines are followed and you'll hear this from anybody outside the US. Like when they go to the US they're choked. How tightly and strictly they follow the rules mostly
SPEAKER_L: Tell
SPEAKER_R: mostly once you're here for a while you you know that's mostly
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I did uh did a two week training class down in Houston actually. Um and there were a few guys in the group who are from Australia and they were a lot like that, like you look at it and you think it's very unprofessional, but like they'll take, you know, it's not a big deal to take like 23 hours at lunch, But then they weirdly have this expectation that no matter what, you're going to put in nine hours that day, right? So like they they will work nine hours, they'll just they'll do two hours in the morning and they'll do three hours in the afternoon, and then they'll do five hours, like at the end of the day, right up till midnight. You know, like that's they just work all over the day. You know, like, I guess we would call it flexible scheduling, but that's just how they do it. You know, they
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sounds crazy actually. But I mean the important thing is getting the job done at the end of the day.
SPEAKER_L: That's one that's one thing I like about the job. I mean now is uh we don't have an office that we report to. Everything we do is remote. And we go out to our customers each day. Um You know, so I get to make my own schedule. My teammates, we all make our own schedules and you know, basically just have a lot of freedom that as long as, you know, we're delivering what we need to deliver and our customers are, you know, complaining, you know, my boss leaves us alone, doesn't care,
SPEAKER_R: it's happy.
SPEAKER_L: you know. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: As long as he's not bothering he's happy. That's that's what the old invests.
SPEAKER_L: deadlines and no one complains about how you did it. Then you're good. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: what's it that way before the corona or is this something new?
SPEAKER_L: no, actually corona changed very little of my work my life to be honest. Um because I didn't know a lot of my work from home. I would go to a customer site. My big client is a T. And T. Um, so I would go out to them once or twice a week. So you know, for the most part I work from home anyways. And uh actually what corona exposed to me is that I'm kind of a hermit and to shut it even the very social and talking to people, you know, pretty much all day.
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: Um I spent almost all of my life in my house.
SPEAKER_R: No I mean for me it's kind of like the same situation here because I don't know too many people but um and sometimes it's good to get out a little bit just just to I don't know it doesn't I noticed it does something to your head like for some reason when you get back home you're thinking like completely different. You're like wait what? I don't know why even happens in the environment. I told you the environment has something, it has something to play always. But I feel because in the computer science labs we used to get there physically but they were only always stunning a computer. So I'm importing over. It's more like the physical um, mathematics sounds like you're looking at the board and cutting down the problems. Now, you have to read a pdf and it's not like the same as copying them down still, you don't retain as much. I don't know why. So overall it's for me, the like the cable and they think we've been shouting hasn't really affected me much because I'm here in the US. Well, let me tell you something. People are in Panama. Oh man. Remember that thing we told you about being a little bit behind in tech. You can see you can see what I'm getting at here, right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Going crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Because some we're also shopping here in the US, we got shipped walmart delivers. Target delivers. So you have to go out that you don't have to go out of your house amazon. Hello? I'm a with amazon alone. So I mean we don't get a postal service. These people have to move out of the house. So the infection rate is super high even
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: if the countries like four million people and it sucks because it's not like people, it's not like people are stupid and don't know is that they got no other choice. You're going to start if they don't go out to buy food.
SPEAKER_L: Now the stupid people who don't know they're here if they're in michigan and yeah, uh
SPEAKER_R: those those who go out and protest, I don't know what they're doing honestly.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: Like that's so ironic.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's, I don't know, craziness. Listen, I got, I got to ask something because I, I recognize the chair you're sitting in as a gaming chair. So do you do a lot of gaming or at least a
SPEAKER_R: bit.
SPEAKER_L: little Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I do a lot like half of my time when I'm not starting pretty much.
SPEAKER_L: Gotcha. I'm a longtime, longtime fan of basically any game, video games, tabletop games
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: used to play
SPEAKER_L: well playing any of it. If it's a game system, I love it.
SPEAKER_R: uh well I play and mostly play PC. Now I used to play consoles
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: before I play on Rainbow Six Siege League of Legends. I play that by daylight. Uh, ton of solemn I mean and these games are very different from each other. Like a whole
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: variety of games and mostly online games because I do play a lot with my friends online. I love that. But uh, I do enjoy my single player games from time to time. Just like shutting out away and then shooting away from everything. Get into the computer. I'm just finishing it from start to finish like a series with nobody else bothering you and just immersed the best.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. On a new game in the series you like comes out, you've got a, you know, take the time and focus on it. Yeah. Close the
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: blinds, turn
SPEAKER_R: what they
SPEAKER_L: the lights
SPEAKER_R: used to
SPEAKER_L: off. Um I still play lately. I've been playing a lot of uh real time strategy game called the age of Empires two. Um
SPEAKER_R: I have not heard of it even by so far.
SPEAKER_L: my friends and I we used to play that on our internet back in uh in college. Um
SPEAKER_R: Do you play safe civilization.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: Five.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I love civilization
SPEAKER_R: I knew
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: you were.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I knew
SPEAKER_L: old
SPEAKER_R: you would,
SPEAKER_L: school on civilization. I played civilization on dos from floppy disk. I've been a fan of civilization for decades.
SPEAKER_R: You surprised? I've seen floppy disks but your speaker Simon palmer. I agree in power. Otherwise I will have seen them. Oh man.
SPEAKER_L: Those.
SPEAKER_R: I mean those straight games, they're good. They're not my type of games but I'll tell you they're good because I'm not biased. I will read reviews, I'll see what people are saying And if the bats by releasing eight this is good. It's just that I'm not appreciating it right? I can't define. Um
SPEAKER_L: civilization is the kind of game where if you if you get into it even a little bit like that's it, you just lost eight hours like because it just you just keep hitting the button for like one more turn, your just like, it's it's only a few minutes for one more turn, you look over at the clock and it's 4 45 in the morning, the sun's coming up, you're like, oh bad.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I really did
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: it this time.
SPEAKER_R: in too deep now. Mhm. No.
SPEAKER_L: aside from, aside from that, I've been playing through a Skyrim again. Um I fired up fallout, new Vegas. Um lot of the hell out of it complains through that one of those same friends I play age of vampires to with We're gonna we're gonna try out fallout 76, we've heard that it's been, most of its bugs have been fixed, so
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: fellow
SPEAKER_L: going to play
SPEAKER_R: against
SPEAKER_L: around
SPEAKER_R: my good
SPEAKER_L: America so
SPEAKER_R: like there there are good RPG what I'm scouring I I tried to get into into scaling back in the day but I think I was to jump to to understand to understand it fully. So I never played through it. I have some friends that are playing um elder scrolls online and asked him if that's government that's not this this is like a whole different, it's like base, it looks like scarring but it's like a whole different thing.
SPEAKER_L: I tried elder scrolls online a little bit and I had the same experience with it. It wasn't anything like Skyrim or the single player games and I don't know what kind of lost me, I didn't really didn't really click on what, you know, how it
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: worked or what to do and
SPEAKER_R: this is
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: super
SPEAKER_L: seemed
SPEAKER_R: interesting
SPEAKER_L: like too much
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: time
SPEAKER_R: game.
SPEAKER_L: investment to enjoy it. So I moved on to can't even remember something else, I think
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I think the ASX came out with a sequel, their last came came out around that same time.
SPEAKER_R: you know those things are pretty interesting because you think scarring? I mean it was born as a single player game, but then they adapted it and this um the other girls so nice. It's kind of like run scape in a sense. Like they have like their own market and real life value against their currencies.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: super
SPEAKER_L: favorite,
SPEAKER_R: gracie stuff. Like
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: I'll
SPEAKER_L: my favorite
SPEAKER_R: never understand
SPEAKER_L: part of an MMO
SPEAKER_R: it. I'll never understand it. Like man, these people are making bank explain in the computer and I'm like, wait, actually there risking a lot. Never mind. I mean in scaring, I mean in sorry, in landscape, I've seen these players just, I mean they make money killing other people or farming, but what pays the most is killing other people. So you have to kind of like risk what you have and like highlighting highlighter equipment so you can get them killed. Oh man, I couldn't like hold that pressure do.
SPEAKER_L: the you ever you have any familiarity with Eve online?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think I've heard of it, but
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I'm not
SPEAKER_L: crazy. So uh in that game you you can you can buy a monthly membership with money but you can also trade those them, you can trade monthly memberships in game. Uh so there's there's you know whatever those monthly memberships are going for like within the player base, you can kind of equate, you know and because of that you can kind of equate everything in the game to a
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: real dollar
SPEAKER_R: Let's get
SPEAKER_L: value.
SPEAKER_R: this name mosquitoes
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: uh they had they have these every few years like they have these epic fights where these big great big clans that have built these massive capital ships, get into some scuffle over a star system or whatever and they end up in this giant war
SPEAKER_R: Well, I know
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: funny.
SPEAKER_L: could actually
SPEAKER_R: It is now.
SPEAKER_L: calculate how much real dollar like was lost in these battles. And like the last one I read about it was like an insane amount of money, it was like hundreds of thousands of dollars that went like and got blown up in a digital game.
SPEAKER_R: No, I think now I know what it was. Uh you look it up on that thing, sticking with the spaceships like kind of like in the solar system, well more more than this other system. Way more. Um I did read a little bit but I didn't know they had like a like and it was like a name, a more weird economy. I thought it was just like kill each other.
SPEAKER_L: No, well what's, that's what it becomes because most given the choice of like, you know being a a trade, you know just someone who flies trading routes for an NPC or a pirate, everyone's going to pick pirate. So you know that's what most people spend their time doing is trolling around the sectors and fighting each other and most of the time it happens in like you know the small, you know the smaller cheaper ships and then I don't know once in a blue moon everything aligns and the battle's just get ridiculously large.
SPEAKER_R: And especially some of these players, they won't be alone there like a group of players and combine that words like you know, they do demands. I know they do it man. And I've seen some, something like that with the memberships that you were talking about that's fairly new in run escape, but it's a great system because he actually create something in the game that has like a standard value because all the other items can like go up or down um depending on availability, like if they make them easier to get their price go down and that can be changed from night to day, some code change, study easy. So I mean it's very interesting, it's very fun to actually like play around with these economies and you know
SPEAKER_L: One
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: of my, one of my favorite games of all time was a game called Star Wars Galaxies and it was basically it was the Star Wars answer to world War craft and the coolest thing about that game was they had this uh they had this really in depth crafting system where you know the non combat classes would have to go find resources and the resources would roll every like, you know several days. So you you, you know, you look and there'd be like a strain of wheat growing on you know end or whatever and you need that strain to make certain like uh you know, healing packs or whatever. So for that time you're able to make these, you know when the week when the weed is high quality, you're able to make these really high quality healing packs, but then it rolls in three days and now all of a sudden that resources gone, all the crafters are in this like mad competition to rearrange all there, you know, harvesting equipment to like maximize what's good at that time. And then like the marketplace that that resulted from this like you had people like, Like just bartering commodities back and forth, like I've got 1000 units of copper, I've got 500 units of Berries. You know like in this like really vivid economy that was like after like six months. You know like most of the, most of that epic wheat roll would be gone. So the guy who held onto it is now holding like pure gold in the game because he's the only one with the resources to make you know, whatever it is you want to make with that week. So
SPEAKER_R: went down so
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it was it was a I had a blast plan that it was probably one of the reasons I flunked out of college the first time around.
SPEAKER_R: no those games can get a little bit um immersive but it's super interesting because I'm pretty sure like you've done right, you can learn from these economies is there like simulations of what an a real economy is? But of course in game items like you have different realistic values but like if something happens to a game that it creates a pandemic some from time to time you better be prepared for corona, who knows, we got
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: many of these games and we studied them over and over because
SPEAKER_L: there's a
SPEAKER_R: we all know what will happen or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: there's there's a legitimately a game that is trying to be or was trying I don't even know if still around but it was a second life. That was what it was called.
SPEAKER_R: I've heard
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: of it,
SPEAKER_L: they had it was a whole player created you know, world and the way it was set up like they they had real dollar value. People traded that that digital currency like as it as as as almost like a regular currency. People like rented land and space and all kinds of like, like a lot of very close allegory to real world. Business happens and in second life. Yeah, that was that was back in like early 2000s. That game was new and hot and talked about. So
SPEAKER_R: What was it like? Like an almost 1-1 exchange
SPEAKER_L: no it was I don't remember but I know that the value fluctuated wildly. Um um because like when the player base would grow or fall basically the value of the currency would grow and fall along with it. So it was very uh as a demand driven, Right? Like so and the way it worked. As I recall in the game when you said like I want to buy 1000 you know, second life bucks or whatever they're called. Um
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: You know, you you'd make the purchase but since the since it's like a currency market, if you're on during the busy time the prime time like demand is higher. So people are the buy orders are driving the price up and then if you're on when it wasn't When it wasn't so busy, you know if you're on at 3:00 AM,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: that they
SPEAKER_L: cheaper.
SPEAKER_R: can actually like like motivate you to to like get on at crazy times, I'm
SPEAKER_L: were people
SPEAKER_R: seeing
SPEAKER_L: who
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: did.
SPEAKER_R: play
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: in my head.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I remember reading article, I was very interested in like how that whole, you know digital experiment would play out and people really did, they developed like real world businesses and became basically, you know, futures investors in a digital world, you know, just just buying and selling currency,
SPEAKER_R: No I mean
SPEAKER_L: fake digital currency that you know.
SPEAKER_R: still like the for me I don't know I'm still young but for what I learned if but if they suddenly cures cancer, it's an empty water bottle. If this cures cancer For some, it's worth $1 million, it doesn't matter even what it is. It's about like the perceived value people have of something. That's what, that's what makes gold expensive. It's just a piece of metal distantly some metal at the end of the day, a very heavy one but so very inconvenient but still just
SPEAKER_L: market diamonds,
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: diamonds aren't even rare, they're only rare because the the people who own the diamond mines will only mind so many of them a year. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: 2nd kind of like a commodity and
SPEAKER_L: Now.
SPEAKER_R: when things are commoditized they can go whatever value from to find whatever. So as long as these games are played, the currency will have value. Same thing with runs kids like it and that was developed in the 90s like late 90s still around based on british students. I mean, but they they found something way way before. Late in game currencies. That's they were pioneering that.
SPEAKER_L: You know.
SPEAKER_R: Really crazy like I would love to see why when I B where are we going to be playing in 50 years in regard of this genre of game like with virtual currencies I think we'll be down to see something very interesting in the future.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How long is it going to take before you know one of these mos develops a Cryptocurrency to go along with their game, you know while coin or something or you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean we got um so many cryptocurrencies right now. So if you get you got one backpack company that's a different story because Bitcoin imagine because not it's a japanese man living in a cave. Who knows who made it but people are buying it. So imagine if facebook says we're making a Cryptocurrency. Facebook coin or face coin just be married of all facebook concept. Yeah prices go up. I have it's just yeah that's actually a pretty interesting observation like what will happen if somebody gets behind the Cryptocurrency but they'll be liable but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I thought for a long time that there will be a there will be an MMO model where it will be tied in with a Cryptocurrency and that you're your economy in the game functions off of that, that Cryptocurrency. I
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: don't I don't think it's I don't think we're far off from it. I think they'll use it as a gimmick but you know it could happen.
SPEAKER_R: you can definitely happen. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: my my wife is waving at me I think I need to go start dinner with her so.
SPEAKER_R: The start defrosting food, too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So it was great to meet you on. I really I I really enjoyed this uh this study here is good talking
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: to you.
SPEAKER_R: right. It's been a pleasure meeting you as well. Very interesting.
SPEAKER_L: dr
SPEAKER_R: We had
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Best of luck to you in uh in your studies man. And I hope I hope you stay safe. I hope your family back home stay safe.
SPEAKER_R: you to help your family as well as well and please stay safe. You too,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Alright good talking to
SPEAKER_R: correct
SPEAKER_L: you so on.