are you doing?
You hear me?
Unless you unless somebody showed up actually,
how's this speak? Yeah yeah
sorry my name is wanda,
I mean in Dallas texas?
Oh it's cool. I haven't been down to Houston always been to Austin I think. Yeah.
Oh yeah I mean I have heard stories from some friends, I'm not I'm not actually from here, I'm from Panama but I'm starting here right now.
Computer science, any stuff, switch
it off
we're working um like what was your position?
uh some stuff um it sounds like you have to deal with a lot of people and having them get having them doing their stuff at their properly
given time.
No, I can't imagine, wow, do some almost, are you like a supervisor almost over? Like do you oversee people?
of course.
So you can all complement each
other? Pretty much.
Of course,
grandchild
into their own little world, I mean Oh man. So I'm pretty sure communication is like key on, on the job.
Yeah. Because usually people cannot get together all your stuff too. And now we'll see even worse. But you got to deal with the elements.
well, you know, it kind of sucks
when your pain, you know, full price even more me than I'm paying international rates for on campus on campus education. And I don't get to use any of the campus amenities, but I'm paying for them on top of the classes. So it's, I mean they're waving that this semester, but still, it's like the environment is different. I'd struggle a little bit with some my calculus classes and the advanced computer science ones because you don't get that. Hey professor, how do you do this? You have to connect to him first and I can take a few business days. So I mean I did well at the end of the day, the transition was kind of weird. You know, like you're used to having a schedule getting up at this time after, have to go to this place to this one when that's all taken out. Like it's kind of weird like with that much freedom, it actually gets worse because then you start like, um I don't know, doing things um in the tender was supposed to be done and then you have to push around the things you were supposed to be doing that time. And when you realize you're sleeping a day
and doing homework night. Why? I know it simply just happens. I'm pretty sure it's anxiety or like a build up of, you know, you don't know what's gonna happen is the university gonna close forever. It's not gonna happen. But still um, you're jeopardizing your education for something that's out of control. Kind of sucks, but still you gotta, you gotta deal with. Uh, I've done my best, but I have some people that are not too happy, like some friends.
your american writer, you guys have the, have the conferences back in back home, everything's like physical. So most of my friends, their teachers are not used to this. So they sometimes they won't even get a class. As you know,
I mean, people have different backgrounds and tech is not that big. Other, some countries are bigger impact than others. So when a country that's not big on tech is forced to go online, it can be heavy.
No, I can imagine because
they
they have to, they have to have everybody being able to do they work that's required. Um, That's kind of what happened in Panama with the public schools like the Elementaries and the high schools, like most public schools don't have these devices to provide for everyone, right, because they're pretty much free public education. Um So when this hit, they had to cancel for both private and public educational entities, like my friends were out of school for like 23 weeks till they decide like, hey, you gotta do it online or we're going to have the education frozen in the country, nobody's going to learn anything, but still is something
that
And no. Yeah, I mean it definitely, I mean sometimes it's kind of cruel to think like 2018 graduates and 2019, they get their picture at their campus and they graduate and these guys will just have no picture like that. That's kind of like one of the many things like you don't feel you're learning that's the environment plays a huge role in the mind. I've come to find
the
where you are really does affect like how you're thinking and where you can actually get done and what you cannot get done because it plays plays a little bit.
It's crazy.
We're
uh second because you you can have the tools but how to use them. It's pretty much what makes them count. All right.
I
mean some things will be pushed in, but if you're not applying them they'll be forgotten. You're
Hopefully. I mean we can get this stuff back on trackers. I feel like actually when complaining courses, even if you're like doing them online or whatever, you're not fully learning from them and then when you get to the next courses you're expected to know like breakfast, its previous courses and online delivery is not making the cut. I've gotten plenty of seas and these because of I mean I had time sure
but time is useless if I cannot do anything with it. The Professor one answer. I have a question. I cannot find it online. But am I supposed to have to wait? Okay.
We used to have uh we have a limited spiritual server. So before then the before the corona we won't go to the university, to the faculty and when we had the laps we'll just go to a computer lab and everybody will be given the assignment and they'll complete it will sign a paper and they'll get out of the classroom. Now, I mean back then you went into the Windows computer, you locked into the like Linux server and you did C Plus Plus for example. Now much the same. But instead of going to lab, you have to like sign a I agree, I'm doing all this work by myself. Have to take a picture and then you get into the, into the lab and you do the lab, you get out and submission is
no,
no. They
do, they do that. That's that's how I get in. That. They take a picture of me from home, like, like here, like they'll make they like show yourself, put your name, your ID. I agree that I'm doing all this by myself. I'm getting no external help. Well that's it. But how truthful we can people be in there. I mean, they can say it will have a webcam in, turn off my mike and I can copy my everything out. But if I do that, I'm going to get rolled in six months already done it in the past. Remember from From my first year university, I used to copy my way through calculus one and I got to come to the store like oh wait I'm not done yet. Boom
I got a D. And I have to pass with that. We'll see have to retake the course. I lost the money because I wanted to be smarter. It's not smart, stupid. You're not learning. Okay.
bullet.
I think this idea of the
work.
Yeah I mean it's just completely I worked so it's a completely different dynamic and I used to work um sales but like retail can I like best buy? But in Panama.
but the thing is in Panama is it's not the the shame because we don't get addition is kind of like a similar franchise we got, I mean this competition with your, with the other sales man and who's gonna make the biggest commission that's just,
I was in remission now
I know best fighters for commission
because I told the uh, one of the guys when I was buying in my local best buy like, oh, I'll come back and I'll buy from you like no dude, I'm free tomorrow. Okay, I'll button, don't, don't wait for me. I won't get anything out of the cell. You're good. Yeah, you have to, I appreciate the intention,
but you don't have to. But um, yeah, work. I really want to work again. But a Panama of course, because over here I don't feel like the environment is like I have my way of forecast a person like my culture, I can get well with americans, but for some reason it takes me a little bit more effort to work with them. Can be language down or simple. So I mean it's fine. I, my uncles american because these are american. So I live here so. Oh but I don't know if I can I can work here. It's a very tense environment like at home I can get a little bit of um at rest cas. I want to say it like this, it's a little bit less professional. I'm sorry when I say it like this the U. S. There are more strict guidelines are followed and you'll hear this from anybody outside the US. Like when they go to the US they're choked. How tightly and strictly they follow the rules mostly
mostly once you're here for a while you you know that's mostly
Yeah. Sounds crazy actually. But I mean the important thing is getting the job done at the end of the day.
it's happy.
As long as he's not bothering he's happy. That's that's what the old invests.
and
what's it that way before the corona or is this something new?
I know.
No I mean for me it's kind of like the same situation here because I don't know too many people but um and sometimes it's good to get out a little bit just just to I don't know it doesn't I noticed it does something to your head like for some reason when you get back home you're thinking like completely different. You're like wait what? I don't know why even happens in the environment. I told you the environment has something, it has something to play always. But I feel because in the computer science labs we used to get there physically but they were only always stunning a computer. So I'm importing over. It's more like the physical um, mathematics sounds like you're looking at the board and cutting down the problems. Now, you have to read a pdf and it's not like the same as copying them down still, you don't retain as much. I don't know why. So overall it's for me, the like the cable and they think we've been shouting hasn't really affected me much because I'm here in the US. Well, let me tell you something. People are in Panama. Oh man. Remember that thing we told you about being a little bit behind in tech. You can see you can see what I'm getting at here, right?
Because some we're also shopping here in the US, we got shipped walmart delivers. Target delivers. So you have to go out that you don't have to go out of your house amazon. Hello? I'm a with amazon alone. So I mean we don't get a postal service. These people have to move out of the house. So the infection rate is super high even
if the countries like four million people and it sucks because it's not like people, it's not like people are stupid and don't know is that they got no other choice. You're going to start if they don't go out to buy food.
those those who go out and protest, I don't know what they're doing honestly.
Like that's so ironic.
bit.
Well
yeah, I do a lot like half of my time when I'm not starting pretty much.
I
used to play
uh well I play and mostly play PC. Now I used to play consoles
before I play on Rainbow Six Siege League of Legends. I play that by daylight. Uh, ton of solemn I mean and these games are very different from each other. Like a whole
variety of games and mostly online games because I do play a lot with my friends online. I love that. But uh, I do enjoy my single player games from time to time. Just like shutting out away and then shooting away from everything. Get into the computer. I'm just finishing it from start to finish like a series with nobody else bothering you and just immersed the best.
What,
what they
used to
I have not heard of it even by so far.
Do you play safe civilization.
Five.
I knew
you were.
I knew
you would,
You surprised? I've seen floppy disks but your speaker Simon palmer. I agree in power. Otherwise I will have seen them. Oh man.
I mean those straight games, they're good. They're not my type of games but I'll tell you they're good because I'm not biased. I will read reviews, I'll see what people are saying And if the bats by releasing eight this is good. It's just that I'm not appreciating it right? I can't define. Um
Well
I'm
in too deep now. Mhm. No.
no
fellow
against
my good
like there there are good RPG what I'm scouring I I tried to get into into scaling back in the day but I think I was to jump to to understand to understand it fully. So I never played through it. I have some friends that are playing um elder scrolls online and asked him if that's government that's not this this is like a whole different, it's like base, it looks like scarring but it's like a whole different thing.
It
this is
super
interesting
this
game.
But
you know those things are pretty interesting because you think scarring? I mean it was born as a single player game, but then they adapted it and this um the other girls so nice. It's kind of like run scape in a sense. Like they have like their own market and real life value against their currencies.
That's
super
gracie stuff. Like
I'll
never understand
it. I'll never understand it. Like man, these people are making bank explain in the computer and I'm like, wait, actually there risking a lot. Never mind. I mean in scaring, I mean in sorry, in landscape, I've seen these players just, I mean they make money killing other people or farming, but what pays the most is killing other people. So you have to kind of like risk what you have and like highlighting highlighter equipment so you can get them killed. Oh man, I couldn't like hold that pressure do.
Yeah, I think I've heard of it, but
I'm not
All
Let's get
this name mosquitoes
that
Well, I know
it's
funny.
It is now.
No, I think now I know what it was. Uh you look it up on that thing, sticking with the spaceships like kind of like in the solar system, well more more than this other system. Way more. Um I did read a little bit but I didn't know they had like a like and it was like a name, a more weird economy. I thought it was just like kill each other.
And especially some of these players, they won't be alone there like a group of players and combine that words like you know, they do demands. I know they do it man. And I've seen some, something like that with the memberships that you were talking about that's fairly new in run escape, but it's a great system because he actually create something in the game that has like a standard value because all the other items can like go up or down um depending on availability, like if they make them easier to get their price go down and that can be changed from night to day, some code change, study easy. So I mean it's very interesting, it's very fun to actually like play around with these economies and you know
it's
went down so
no those games can get a little bit um immersive but it's super interesting because I'm pretty sure like you've done right, you can learn from these economies is there like simulations of what an a real economy is? But of course in game items like you have different realistic values but like if something happens to a game that it creates a pandemic some from time to time you better be prepared for corona, who knows, we got
many of these games and we studied them over and over because
we all know what will happen or something like that.
I've heard
of it,
What was it like? Like an almost 1-1 exchange
But
so
that they
can actually like like motivate you to to like get on at crazy times, I'm
seeing
it
play
out
in my head.
No I mean
still like the for me I don't know I'm still young but for what I learned if but if they suddenly cures cancer, it's an empty water bottle. If this cures cancer For some, it's worth $1 million, it doesn't matter even what it is. It's about like the perceived value people have of something. That's what, that's what makes gold expensive. It's just a piece of metal distantly some metal at the end of the day, a very heavy one but so very inconvenient but still just
the
2nd kind of like a commodity and
when things are commoditized they can go whatever value from to find whatever. So as long as these games are played, the currency will have value. Same thing with runs kids like it and that was developed in the 90s like late 90s still around based on british students. I mean, but they they found something way way before. Late in game currencies. That's they were pioneering that.
Really crazy like I would love to see why when I B where are we going to be playing in 50 years in regard of this genre of game like with virtual currencies I think we'll be down to see something very interesting in the future.
Yeah I mean we got um so many cryptocurrencies right now. So if you get you got one backpack company that's a different story because Bitcoin imagine because not it's a japanese man living in a cave. Who knows who made it but people are buying it. So imagine if facebook says we're making a Cryptocurrency. Facebook coin or face coin just be married of all facebook concept. Yeah prices go up. I have it's just yeah that's actually a pretty interesting observation like what will happen if somebody gets behind the Cryptocurrency but they'll be liable but
on
you can definitely happen. Uh huh.
The start defrosting food, too.
All
right. It's been a pleasure meeting you as well. Very interesting.
We had
you to help your family as well as well and please stay safe. You too,
correct