Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. All right okay. Yeah Okay mm. So sure. Mhm.
All right woo.
I can hear you just fine. Yes.
Yeah it was my second time through it
my name is David. Nice to meet you.
What? All right. I'm I'm in Chicago Illinois. Where are you from?
Yeah. All right. I've been uh I've done a good deal of travel to texas but never to uh never to Dallas by uh company I worked for had a big campus in Houston for a long time.
I've heard Austin is a crazy place.
Oh gosh what are you studying?
thanks.
I uh I I studied I didn't study computer science, I studied network communications and I work in technology. My company I was mentioning was was Hewlett Packard? Right.
Um so it's still the same position the company Hewlett Packard's split into two and the laptops and like personal products went off into their own company that's still called Hewlett Packard and then the enterprise stuff like servers, storage, networking equipment that went into Hewlett Packard enterprise. So now I'm and Hewlett Packard Enterprise, um what I do is I'm called an account support manager and basically a large company like A T and T or blue cross blue shield, they'll buy um like enhanced levels of support um, that promised things like four hour calls, a restoration. So you know, when they pick up the phone, like we start a concurrent timer from the moment that they call into our support line that, you know, we'll have them back up and running in four hours. But to make sure that can happen, like you've got to make sure that the solutions, you know, you've got very specific for more levels installed, that your os images are all built and tested and ready to go, you know that everything that can be automated is automated. So that's what I manage, I manage the the delivery of all that support, which entails all the planning that goes into, you know, being able to restore a system within four hours.
it is
it is a lot of, yeah a lot of a lot of teamwork is needed to get it done, that's for
not not directly. Um So I have like I have control of like contractual engagements that give me within our like internal tools that like I can carve out tasks for other people and then I'm responsible for those tasks but like I I don't do direct hiring or anything like that. Um But I do like you know find resources for certain deliveries, you know if I need, you know, something very specific, scripted or you know, a network consultants or you know, um where were you? The account support manager title is a little bit misleading because we're also um we all each of us also has like our own technical specialty or like a a platform
of product that we specialize in. So
we
exactly. We turn around internally and be like, okay, well this customer, they mostly have, you know, industry standard servers, intel based, you know,
running windows or Linux or something. Um you know what, that would be kind of my area, but then there's, you know, storage arrays, there's network switches, there's storage switches, you know, all kinds of other products that, you know, everyone's got their
own.
video calls, actually, video cards are fairly new, that surprisingly in our in our organization, we've always done conference calls though a lot of time on the phone.
right. How's, how's the university life with uh, you know, all the covid stuff that's got to be wild?
What?
Man,
I can imagine so it's a big investment and a lot of work and effort to goes into a degree.
that's
You probably better versed in it than I am going through, you know, the the university life now. But even, you know when I went to school, they were, we were even then discussing the digital divide, you know, and all the problems it creates from country to country, region to region across different languages and you know, all those considerations and they're all there today. So yeah, I can only imagine what it's like and you know, Panama or any other country where adoption rates are wildly different than they are here in the States. Even even actually even here in the States in Chicago where I live, they were talking about a lot of kids in the Chicago public schools that have all gone, you know, to at home, you know, digital learning um a lot of kids didn't have laptops at home, they only had tablets and then the learning platforms require like a full laptop to you know, to do everything. So like they had a lot of problems where they were having to lay. I think their solution was they the libraries are all closed down. They basically rented out the public computers that were in the libraries, you know, so that they disassembled the libraries to
to get
the kids into school.
scary
thought to the whole generation of kids is going to miss you know even if they are successful and they do get into the digital classes, how much are they actually losing out on how far behind will they be? You know What's that going to mean 15 years from now when there you know your age my age you know trying to start life and yeah move on to a career and all that kind of stuff.
Very
big.
So
I know yeah when I uh I was 18 it was I graduated high school in 2000 and I went to southern Illinois University which has a reputation for being a party school and I I partook in that whole environment flunked out and I ended up
going to college somewhere else in a second chance. Um But yeah you know that the environment really does make a huge difference because that s I u I didn't learn anything, couldn't learn anything, you know and it wasn't until it wasn't until I was you know working a job back home and going to school and like had the whole you know of I guess uh responsibility of all that that I you know had the right mindset to use the education that I was getting.
I learned you get out of education exactly what you put into it. You know if you're just if you're just going to a school and just attending you know and you won't learn much and yeah that's that that's that but you
know what,
if you want to learn and you have access to the resources then you'll you'll learn it,
What?
about what about lab work? You know in computer science, do you guys have like um you know computer labs where you know, you would access equipment or you know, be able to run your programs against, you know, other resources and things like that. Used to have access to that kind of stuff. Yeah.
So you still have to get physically into the computer center to do your work so they don't they don't have like a VPN or anything where you can access it
remotely
from homer?
Well,
Wild thing about education in that regard is uh in the workforce we call copying off of somebody leveraging, right? I'm leveraging my colleagues skill set, that's normal, like that's you
don't know the answer to something, like I tell my clients all the time, like, I don't know, I'll get back to you later today with that. I go I go find somebody else who's got the answer.
that's
it.
I did best buy to Okay.
you're on commission, That's yeah,
that's
yeah, that's that's a shark tank,
What?
Tell
Yeah, I did uh did a two week training class down in Houston actually. Um and there were a few guys in the group who are from Australia and they were a lot like that, like you look at it and you think it's very unprofessional, but like they'll take, you know, it's not a big deal to take like 23 hours at lunch, But then they weirdly have this expectation that no matter what, you're going to put in nine hours that day, right? So like they they will work nine hours, they'll just they'll do two hours in the morning and they'll do three hours in the afternoon, and then they'll do five hours, like at the end of the day, right up till midnight. You know, like that's they just work all over the day. You know, like, I guess we would call it flexible scheduling, but that's just how they do it. You know, they
That's one that's one thing I like about the job. I mean now is uh we don't have an office that we report to. Everything we do is remote. And we go out to our customers each day. Um You know, so I get to make my own schedule. My teammates, we all make our own schedules and you know, basically just have a lot of freedom that as long as, you know, we're delivering what we need to deliver and our customers are, you know, complaining, you know, my boss leaves us alone, doesn't care,
you know. Yeah,
deadlines and no one complains about how you did it. Then you're good. Uh huh.
Well
no, actually corona changed very little of my work my life to be honest. Um because I didn't know a lot of my work from home. I would go to a customer site. My big client is a T. And T. Um, so I would go out to them once or twice a week. So you know, for the most part I work from home anyways. And uh actually what corona exposed to me is that I'm kind of a hermit and to shut it even the very social and talking to people, you know, pretty much all day.
Um I spent almost all of my life in my house.
Yeah. Going crazy. Yeah.
All
Now the stupid people who don't know they're here if they're in michigan and yeah, uh
that's
yeah, it's, I don't know, craziness. Listen, I got, I got to ask something because I, I recognize the chair you're sitting in as a gaming chair. So do you do a lot of gaming or at least a
little Okay,
that's good.
Gotcha. I'm a longtime, longtime fan of basically any game, video games, tabletop games
are
well playing any of it. If it's a game system, I love it.
I'm
Mhm.
yeah. On a new game in the series you like comes out, you've got a, you know, take the time and focus on it. Yeah. Close the
blinds, turn
the lights
off. Um I still play lately. I've been playing a lot of uh real time strategy game called the age of Empires two. Um
my friends and I we used to play that on our internet back in uh in college. Um
I'm sorry.
Oh, I love civilization
that
I'm
old
school on civilization. I played civilization on dos from floppy disk. I've been a fan of civilization for decades.
Those.
civilization is the kind of game where if you if you get into it even a little bit like that's it, you just lost eight hours like because it just you just keep hitting the button for like one more turn, your just like, it's it's only a few minutes for one more turn, you look over at the clock and it's 4 45 in the morning, the sun's coming up, you're like, oh bad.
I really did
it this time.
aside from, aside from that, I've been playing through a Skyrim again. Um I fired up fallout, new Vegas. Um lot of the hell out of it complains through that one of those same friends I play age of vampires to with We're gonna we're gonna try out fallout 76, we've heard that it's been, most of its bugs have been fixed, so
we're
going to play
around
America so
I tried elder scrolls online a little bit and I had the same experience with it. It wasn't anything like Skyrim or the single player games and I don't know what kind of lost me, I didn't really didn't really click on what, you know, how it
worked or what to do and
it
seemed
like too much
time
investment to enjoy it. So I moved on to can't even remember something else, I think
I think the ASX came out with a sequel, their last came came out around that same time.
that's
my
favorite,
it's
my favorite
part of an MMO
the you ever you have any familiarity with Eve online?
that's
crazy. So uh in that game you you can you can buy a monthly membership with money but you can also trade those them, you can trade monthly memberships in game. Uh so there's there's you know whatever those monthly memberships are going for like within the player base, you can kind of equate, you know and because of that you can kind of equate everything in the game to a
real dollar
value.
And
uh they had they have these every few years like they have these epic fights where these big great big clans that have built these massive capital ships, get into some scuffle over a star system or whatever and they end up in this giant war
and
they
could actually
calculate how much real dollar like was lost in these battles. And like the last one I read about it was like an insane amount of money, it was like hundreds of thousands of dollars that went like and got blown up in a digital game.
No, well what's, that's what it becomes because most given the choice of like, you know being a a trade, you know just someone who flies trading routes for an NPC or a pirate, everyone's going to pick pirate. So you know that's what most people spend their time doing is trolling around the sectors and fighting each other and most of the time it happens in like you know the small, you know the smaller cheaper ships and then I don't know once in a blue moon everything aligns and the battle's just get ridiculously large.
One
of my, one of my favorite games of all time was a game called Star Wars Galaxies and it was basically it was the Star Wars answer to world War craft and the coolest thing about that game was they had this uh they had this really in depth crafting system where you know the non combat classes would have to go find resources and the resources would roll every like, you know several days. So you you, you know, you look and there'd be like a strain of wheat growing on you know end or whatever and you need that strain to make certain like uh you know, healing packs or whatever. So for that time you're able to make these, you know when the week when the weed is high quality, you're able to make these really high quality healing packs, but then it rolls in three days and now all of a sudden that resources gone, all the crafters are in this like mad competition to rearrange all there, you know, harvesting equipment to like maximize what's good at that time. And then like the marketplace that that resulted from this like you had people like, Like just bartering commodities back and forth, like I've got 1000 units of copper, I've got 500 units of Berries. You know like in this like really vivid economy that was like after like six months. You know like most of the, most of that epic wheat roll would be gone. So the guy who held onto it is now holding like pure gold in the game because he's the only one with the resources to make you know, whatever it is you want to make with that week. So
yeah, it was it was a I had a blast plan that it was probably one of the reasons I flunked out of college the first time around.
There's
there's a
there's there's a legitimately a game that is trying to be or was trying I don't even know if still around but it was a second life. That was what it was called.
And
they had it was a whole player created you know, world and the way it was set up like they they had real dollar value. People traded that that digital currency like as it as as as almost like a regular currency. People like rented land and space and all kinds of like, like a lot of very close allegory to real world. Business happens and in second life. Yeah, that was that was back in like early 2000s. That game was new and hot and talked about. So
no it was I don't remember but I know that the value fluctuated wildly. Um um because like when the player base would grow or fall basically the value of the currency would grow and fall along with it. So it was very uh as a demand driven, Right? Like so and the way it worked. As I recall in the game when you said like I want to buy 1000 you know, second life bucks or whatever they're called. Um
You know, you you'd make the purchase but since the since it's like a currency market, if you're on during the busy time the prime time like demand is higher. So people are the buy orders are driving the price up and then if you're on when it wasn't When it wasn't so busy, you know if you're on at 3:00 AM,
it's
cheaper.
were people
who
did.
They
were
yeah, I remember reading article, I was very interested in like how that whole, you know digital experiment would play out and people really did, they developed like real world businesses and became basically, you know, futures investors in a digital world, you know, just just buying and selling currency,
fake digital currency that you know.
market diamonds,
diamonds aren't even rare, they're only rare because the the people who own the diamond mines will only mind so many of them a year. Uh huh.
Now.
You know.
Yeah. How long is it going to take before you know one of these mos develops a Cryptocurrency to go along with their game, you know while coin or something or you know?
Yeah I thought for a long time that there will be a there will be an MMO model where it will be tied in with a Cryptocurrency and that you're your economy in the game functions off of that, that Cryptocurrency. I
don't I don't think it's I don't think we're far off from it. I think they'll use it as a gimmick but you know it could happen.
my my wife is waving at me I think I need to go start dinner with her so.
Yeah. So it was great to meet you on. I really I I really enjoyed this uh this study here is good talking
to you.
dr
yeah. Best of luck to you in uh in your studies man. And I hope I hope you stay safe. I hope your family back home stay safe.
Yeah. Alright good talking to
you so on.