All right. Can you hear me?
Actually? We get, yeah, I'm Julia,
Okay.
Um, yeah. And so I am a recent college graduate. Um, It,
I went to UNC Chapel Hill. Yeah. Go
hell.
From Kerry born and raised there.
Um, Yeah. Actually my parents house right now. My old race bids from high school are still up in the wall.
I did. I don't anymore. These are old. But yeah, I did a cross country and then I did track in the spring usually, but not so much anymore.
Yeah. I was over it. Right.
Yeah, I see the little burn behind you. Yeah,
tracking.
Excellent.
Smart
Alright. Good for her.
Yeah, That's a fun time. Um, I've got, there's two dogs downstairs as well.
Um, yeah, one of them is actually, his name is Astro and he's five now, but practically five years ago. We fostered his pregnant mom who then had 15 puppies. And
yeah, we, we kept them for seven or eight weeks and then they all went out to their forever homes. But
then Astro came back about a year later because whoever had him, I couldn't keep them, they were moving somewhere that didn't allow dogs just bad, but then we got him back. So
ask
you
her foster or her adoptive parents got a genetic test and I think they said she was like a like large part cattle dog. So yeah, they have a lot of puppies I think frequently.
it was incredible.
did, yeah,
we we knew coming in we had her only like two weeks before she gave birth. So
it was kind of like
no our first and only,
I
don't know why my parents were thinking, but it was a good time.
I was I was super fun, there's a lot of work but unfortunately it was over the summer so um I was home and I was able to help out which is good.
Yeah.
That's what he does. Can be really really finicky like that.
Yeah. He's crazy. You think he's two years old still? But
Good.
He's having a good time.
That's good.
Yeah and I know that feeling.
It's funny how how they like once I get all of you sometimes you can really tell it's like they're running around like yourself puppies.
That's
cute.
Okay. I'll keep drying anyways.
Thank you. Are you dogs only person? You've got other pets and stuff?
You?
Yeah. Um I had my parents have had only dogs so when I was living with them um But in college the I shared a house with some of my my friends and we had a cat together.
His name is franklin. He was very cute. Um I'm going to cast to but whatever. I just I just kept him out of my room and it was fine. Yeah. I love cat. You're so cute.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, franklin was he was a super cuddly cat. Do so anyone has done like couch and you walk on over and curl up on you?
It's true.
No,
can't do that. Yeah. Thanks capsule like that very much.
He actually um right before hurricane came through, he actually escaped. Um So he weathered the hurricane, we found him later. He was in like our neighbor's shed so at least he had shelter and he was fine. But so these are scary.
I don't understand like how do they have, how do they get them to not just run away?
How do you find out? Just
like let him out and see what happens?
I
don't understand like I've seen like people, their dogs just kind of like sit there on in the front yard not fencing. I just I just don't understand I guess I guess in the past when dogs have escaped every some there's one dog that I used to have when I was a kid, she would just sit on the front porch until we realized she was missing and then let her back in the house.
But yeah. So I don't know. I say do it on their own. I don't know.
They hear a stick brick and then there are enough
to the races.
Yeah. We have um are we have like a greenway like a past thing kind of behind our back yard, like a little outlet next to it. So the greenery is on two sides for backyard. Um And our dogs love barking at everyone on
the greenway.
Yeah. So I'm sure if they were to get out there and have a great time and that's where we take them on walks and stuff too so.
Well
that's crazy. Yeah I think we used to have a couple of years in our backyard but it's been years there is kind of more developed now. Yeah.
It's like a suburb type.
I say that you're are you like we're in are you like pretty close to the city or you kind of the kind of world?
Yeah pretty close to a bunch of cars and stuff. It's kind of weird that there's still a bunch of deer then.
Hey.
well
thanks,
let's drink 140 lb. I don't know how big I expected the cooker to be but it wasn't that make.
He said you get other kinds of big cats though more often.
That's not normally
I think. All right.
Another critter. That's kind of crazy. We get like I get coyotes and foxes. We actually had a I think someone's up there over the summer which was kind of wild honestly. Yeah
I'm like yeah someone caught on there like backyard security camera looking for food and trash but
that's really where I think.
yeah all kinds of wildlife. You have squirrels up there.
Yeah we have squirrels and groundhogs and chipmunks and those are the common ones I think around
here.
yeah
boy.
that's funny.
Yeah they're good they're gonna hiding I think they're hibernating now. Maybe two But they hibernate for like six or 7 months out of the year or something. Yeah.
normally there if there's like one you probably have a like a whole colony nearby so yeah they don't range very far I don't think.
I don't really know to be honest.
the glowing eyes.
they don't do much nice baby books maybe
and so yeah they're good they're good for the environment and they eat some nasty bugs and I don't know.
that's cool a little freaky but the mosquitoes so that's cool with me. Uh
Yeah.
I don't know. Maybe the city finally drive away.
Right. Um And that was something I was gonna say earlier when I can't remember what
it was.
Um exercise and sports science so all right.
I I would like to be a strength coach. So I did an internship in the like the athlete weight room where I basically helped the real coaches um with the like the varsity teams, their training sessions and I had a great time there And I did some observation that like a um like like not like they weren't there like a regular gym, they have a couple like they train the pro soccer team in the area but it also like it across the classes and stuff. And I worked with some high schoolers there and they have like a high school strength conditioning class class and that was a good time to so I'm thinking somewhere in there. So currently unemployed. So
you know.
It's really important. I mean I know that obviously, but even like even at night when I was in high school we like there was a weight room and I think maybe the football team
and the basketball team used and that's about it. So
it's been really good to see that. It's like that kind of thing is on the rise now, which is good for me.
Yeah, there's something, there can be some pretty creative stuff depending on the sport, you know, especially when you say like once you get into the in season stuff, you're not supposed to do a lot of heavy stuff. So you do kind of lighter, more dynamic he looks, that's all the cool like spinning and jumping and whatever. So yeah,
he said you did basketball and tennis in high school
and this.
you do any of that after graduation? I can call drinking.
Okay. Yeah. Sounds like you get that something
I would like to be honest. I was like
like floor hockey and stuff down here
and
Being stuck inside taking into like crazy low temperatures up there. I like below freezing for below zero. For sure.
One.
yeah, but so I think it's been below freezing here. Probably. I can count on one hand the number of times. It's not below freezing, sorry, below zero.
So yeah, I think it's no every once in a while, not that not like he probably wouldn't call us now. It's like an inch maybe.
You
it's
crazy. There's every time it snows anything more than any time it snows at all. Honestly, there's always like the news is like all about the giant wrecks on the highway and then stand still. The bread is gone from the stores, the milk eggs. I don't know what they're gonna do with all those may make french toast maybe. I don't know. But
Sounds like kind of a disaster. But Oh well.
Yeah, it can be a key. Especially if no one around here has any parents doing it. So american we can't have, we can't use chains on their tires either. It's illegal. And let's see the post office.
Because that I guess like maybe the roads aren't meant to hold up to that kind of thing down here. I'm not sure.
Yeah. I don't know why. I don't know why the no change thing has been so impressed on me. But every time it snows, I'm like only the postal service in the strange today. Thanks. So I don't know.
But yeah.
I guess they're the only ones who have a valid reason or something. I don't know. Whatever has reasons for everything you know? Yeah. Um Actually probably don't get any hurricanes out there.
actually
um I'm near Raleigh so we're again kind of towards the middle of the state so it's usually it's not too bad usually just raining a little wind by the time it gets to us but every once in a while there's some like down tree branches and not a couple trees knocked over especially if they're big and old. Yeah actually had a pretty big hailstorm not too long ago. Like two inch hail was pretty significant especially for here. Um That was kind of like like one of the the arms of the hurricane, Some hurricane was passing by us and that gave us a little bit of something. So yeah,
especially in the gulf, I don't know, like halfway through the greek alphabet or something by now. It seems like I ran out of the, the abc names.
Yeah, they like alpha beta. I don't know after that. Delta. Yeah.
So
Delta's
in the goal and I'm
sure that there all the time. Yeah. Um Yeah, I don't know. I still haven't remembered what I thought about earlier, but sure is about pets or something.
Yeah. Are they snoring?
Thanks.
we have one dog that kind of does that too. If you did. So I see most to go to bed. She goes in there and then if people keep doing their stuff, that was wine big, come on coming, you know?
Oh, I remember um I played ultimate frisbee in college,
so I don't know.
footballs. Some people know by that name too. Yeah.
it's seven on seven. And after every time there's a touchdown or a goal we call it and you can swap out. Usually most people swap out. So it's a fresh seven people. But I guess it's pretty similar in football. But
no, it's it's non contact. So um you throw and you catch and once you if you have the frisbee, you can't run with it so you catch and you slow down and stop and then after that you have to find someone else to throw it to. So there's no like and you can't run into the end zone, you have to catch it there for the count.
It's a plastic one. It's like yea big And it's the way it is 175 g. I don't know if that means anything to you but Yeah.
Yeah. It's pretty cool. I have a good time. Um It's
more support than people realize I think. But
um my brother and my older brother by two years, he played it in college and my dad when he was in college played just for fun and Uh huh. There they have pretty good teams that you didn't see. So I was like I'm gonna give it a try because like I said I was I was tired of doing running so try something new. Yeah.
Yeah. I think there's I know teams of north, there's not that many but the ones that like the good ones that do play up north, they have like the bubbles with the turf field is covered in the big white bubble thing they put in there. That's not very fun. I don't think so. Not a lot of people are interested in that.
Yeah it is. Yeah.
Yeah there's there's no wind in there which is it's normally a big part of the game. It's like it's kind of it's really weird to play with just like the air so dead, it makes everything echo. And it could be way too.
Yeah so the two main things or when you throw it you gotta keep it flat. So if you tilt it up like this or like this then they kind of like do some wonky curve stuff and then you like snap your wrist like a like a whip or a baseball. So those two things though, I should fix you up real quick.
Yeah it takes it takes a lot of practice to be honest.
Um And still I've been playing for real for four years and I didn't throw it pretty well but not very accurately. And uh and the downfield receiver type player so I just ran around and catch.
Yeah. It's not so strict as other sports, but there's like the kind of the group of players that are better throws and end up doing more of the throws. And then the other group with it like me that are not as good as throws and do more of the running around. So yeah,
normally the the throwers are like ex softball players or I don't know some other aren't tennis tennis players. Good good arms that they've already developed there and they just they already have the strength to the throat. And then you know the cross country kids run around for hours on the other side of the field and just catch whatever they throw.
I
hope so. Yeah. It's been a bit tough in the current endemic.
Yeah. There's usually like, I know around here at least there's like summer leagues and like winter indoor pickup and stuff. Uh for adults too. So once once things kinda clear up, I'll definitely be looking into that. So yeah, even if it's low level, I think I'd still like to play just for fun. Pick up. Yeah.
Yeah, it's a yeah, it's a good little community that's I'm glad to be part of it.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you have a ton of luck finding, finding people up there, but
Yeah, I think there is the men's protein and like a good club team up there. They do like halftime things for the Vikings every once in a while they're like exhibition games there. I see clips, but every once in a while that, so, which is really cool. Honestly,
I mean,
there's always the replacing them like in the end zone and the people of the crowds like.
A couple extra minutes for buffer. Right.
Yeah. Well,
who is that,
I guess? Yeah.
I don't know if you just X out of the Tabernacle. Mhm.
And do the survey. No. Well, I guess I'll just uh
yeah, I don't see any buttons anywhere. Oh
yeah, it was nice meeting you julie.
Yeah, you could.