Oh, oh, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hello?
Yeah. Can you hear me? I don't have headphones on.
I'm julie. Yeah.
Remember? Yeah.
did you go to school?
Yeah.
Some north Carolina. Okay.
Hey?
barely see them up. I can see the bottoms of the numbers race. Cross country.
No, no easel. Okay.
So I'm in Minnesota. Oh, very different from north Carolina and yes, I mean even though it's 50 here, which is like a big deal and I, um, and I am way out of college. I'm actually fifties wearing with an end of the spectrum. What else can I tell you? I have two dogs. So if your snoring, it's not me. It's my dog.
Yeah. That's, so we have pictures of 32 dogs that passed away and then that one's empty because we never got a picture of the other two. But,
so they are Zonta right now. Yeah. So they both have cancer. So we're kind of fighting through that. The one um got her leg amputated about five months ago and she's kicking butt so
I cried so much before we had to do it and then like I was just freaked out about like how we're going to teach her everything and she just like figured it out on her own, like
it was before we were ready and I was like oh my gosh! All right, you guys what?
Yeah, it's been an experience.
Humphrey,
No.
What?
What
kind of
dog was that? They had so many puppies I've never heard of.
Yeah, we are. Is this Catahoula leopard dog which is kind of not like hurting type. And they're both pitbull mixes but I can't believe 15 puppies. That's crazy.
So they were at your how you were fostering one. Did you know she was pregnant? Okay,
wow
way had
other dogs before that.
That's kind
of new.
Yeah. What an experience that So uh
Always better than when it's a little chillier out and you have to hang up. Yeah.
We've always gotten our dogs when it's been chilly. Which I'm always like, what what are we thinking? Because it's no where then you have to train them to go outside. Our youngest dog. The girl dog, she's from Tennessee. And we've only had, she's seven what? We've had her three years and the first time I dropped a little 40 degrees, she was like, nope. Not going to like for 40 days. We could not get her to go outside. She held it so long. Were like, you have to go outside but not anymore. You're not a cat like go do your. Uh huh.
Yeah. They're so quirky. Which is what I love about them. So um Disaster have a lot of energy. Still isn't so good. Popular.
Isn't that funny? We have another dog is 14 and still is like, well he's got cancer and he's um, He was only supposed to live five months and it's been 10 months now. But I think he knows because he's just like a puppy right now. Like he's just start eating out of the garbage, which he's never done before. That we've had to put like
baby proof locks on everything because he's lost his mind. And I think he just knows that like time. So I'm gonna do whatever I want and you can't do anything. So.
Yes. Yes. He's getting
we want, you know, of course we want him as long as we can so we will just like bear everything that to get into. But like, oh dog, you're driving us crazy. So
for sun.
yeah older. The first dog we had rebel which fit him like perfectly. Like even in his oldest age he could barely walk but if he'd get out of the gate somehow he just slow truck down the street like he was making a break for it was like, dude we're going to catch you in like two
weeks. He was,
he was like, you know
what exactly, just getting into trouble. Some
um, as an adult, Yes dogs only as a child we had a cat that ran away. Um, but I think I have an allergy to cats. I love people's cats but
and then I also had rabbits as a kid. Those were like the only other things. How about
I don't
Yeah they're just so cozy and like you know very like relaxing and calming and not like dogs that are like you know getting Yeah exactly.
I love that we have actually, we have neighbors that have outdoor cats and they will come sit on our front step and want to be petted and stuff. But then when they see the dogs they freak out
from what is to come in our backyard to like under the fence trip the light and then when the dogs see him they want to go home with them and I'm like no that's not
and well
what is this? An indoor cat? Yeah.
I don't know how people do it with the outdoor cats. Like I would worry every single second I see it on like the next door up all the time where people have their cats have gone missing. I'm like oh my gosh like I'm starting for you. Like how can you not be stressed about this outdoor? No.
That's what I don't get either. But um and my the lady that does my hair said she was trying to train her cat to not be an outdoor cat and they had to like throw like um like pots and pans on the floor by the door to like scare it. And I was like, well that seems traumatic to like, I think I want to get away from that. So I don't know like if some are just like predisposed to being outdoor cats.
What?
Yeah, we're clean.
Well
Funny.
Yeah. I don't I mean I don't even trust our dogs to go from like the car to the house because Like we have deer in our yard and like the cats and stuff that they just lose their minds, especially this time of year where I'm like, no it's like two ft but they still are like, you know, dog brain? They never happened. So
it's
not have them on their own. For sure.
For
donald
You did die with them to get that energy out of them that wanting to bargain tough. Yeah. Yeah. We have, so I have woods in our backyard and so there's deer that come back there. Um So they will go out and market that, especially in the fall now that it's like hunting season, like twice this past summer, the deer actually jumped over our four ft fence and was like standing in our backyard. I'm like, oh my gosh, like what, you know what is going on and what if the dogs are out there? Like how we're gonna keep that from happening again? It's still, we've
ever seen that before.
Yeah.
Pretty old. Like you know like 70, you know, homes built in the 70s? We're still too. I mean they actually have people that come in hired by the city to like reduce the number of deer because they're so in there. Which is kind of sad because I'm like just drive slower. Not that bad. Oh
I live in Eden Prairie which is like Probably like 15 minutes outside of Minneapolis 15, 20 minutes West. Yeah. So it's not bad. But
Yeah. It is it's very weird and there's like coyote that like show up and then they just found like a cougar. Yeah. I go like £140 Cougar I think it was like not too far away and which is like they every time there's been like a cougar sighting there like no it
wasn't. It was like some other big cat but like they confirmed by um the Department of Natural Resources that it was actually cooler than that
is because it's like I let the dogs just roam during the day, you know when I'm at home and
just never know what's gonna creep.
Remember exactly the pause on it though they showed the picture was like enormous, where I was like it's as big as my dogs had. Oh
um no normally
northern
And so this I think I don't think they normally have Cougars as far south baby or maybe they come up anyways, we don't usually have them like in the cities and they have had sightings. People will say oh my trail cam picked up I think it's a cougar and then you know it will be like, no that wasn't a cougar was like some other big cat or like just just.
That's crazy.
What?
Yeah, yep. Sometimes they'll come down from northern Minnesota like looking for food too. But yeah that's very rare in them where I live to see you there. Mhm.
Yes, tens of yeah. Do you?
more.
Last week I went outside to find the girl dog holding a squirrel in her mouth. Oh
my God. Yeah so I got her dropping and I think it had fallen out of the tree and just like stunned and then she got it. Um but then it took off like we were able to and then we have chipmunks that are pestering her to run
across the deck and every time she hears it squeeze she had to go chase it and then it hides under the grill. It's like their daily gold. We don't have
like groundhog so I don't think or not that I see.
they they tunnel right like okay. So I feel like I've seen on next door people say that they have groundhog because they have like the whole regard.
interesting. We do have um What I say possum but do you say opossum?
we have like possum show up one night it tripped the backlight and they look so prehistoric because they have like pointy noses.
Yeah I know what the heck is it was like wanders in our yard. Everyone's wrong, trips the motion detector and hangs up that and then goes away so.
Oh do they?
Well I'm not that anything that gets rid of the gross pugs is fine with me. Uh
Yeah.
We need more, more bats. I think. I haven't noticed any like like we'd hear them like if we had a bonfire you could hear like wings and what? I haven't heard any Forever
64.
If
you go to school for him.
well what is your, like, what do you know what you want to do with that?
It's funny
like when I went to high school, like we didn't do any like strength training. Like there was like most girls because I played tennis and basketball and softball where we would go work out. But you never like, that was never a thing back in like the 80s and like what a big deal an important part of right? Yes
or
hope.
And especially doing it with all teams. Like we, the health club, we go, there's just like a small club down the block and it's like open, you know, you can just go in whenever, but they do train a lot of like high school teams and stuff. It's kind of fun to see and it's like kind of like motivating to see like these young kids like you know what they do and how they work out and stuff. So
Mm. Yeah.
Yes. And what? In software? Yeah. So
yeah, basketball. I'm super short. So I only move, I only play booby for three years. Tennis. I played all four years and then softball, I tried to play in high school but I always had mono in the spring for some reason, so that then I played just in the summer like aspect. So yeah.
for played softball for a long time and also broomball. Um you don't know what the hell is yet so well is on the ice and you have boots on that have like foam on the bottom, we're that kind of like grip the ice and then you have a stick, it looks like a broom but it's like actually like plastic and then you ball that's like smaller than the soccer ball. And so it's like hockey only with like running in a different stick and a bigger mouth. Sure.
No.
Or
Oh fun. Yeah I played that
in college. It's one of those we have to like something to do in winter to live here because you're crazy with You know when it gets to be like $20.
Yeah so we've had like last year we had some days that were like 20 below like just
and then the wind chill on top of that brings into like 40 below. But that's not like we don't get that a lot so.
Coffee.
Yeah. Exactly. That's when you say that because I went to las Vegas one time to meet my husband for his work was out there and you got like a dusting of snow and it completely shut down on the las Vegas airport rerouted us to California. So is it like
that they're like where everything stops
and
It's funny.
Yeah it's still fun driving in the snow so I totally get you know.
Oh really? That makes sense. Well I guess.
I don't even know people like in where I live that use chains maybe like in northern Minnesota where it's like you know to get a lot of like zero you know 30 below 010. But I didn't
who
can ruin the roads but none of us can money.
No property landlocked although we did have last night the rains were really bad and like whipping you know like the tops of the trees blowing. Then that's like my impression of like a hurricane is like, you know just like the sideways rain. But I'm sure it's like, do you
get all her things down there?
It seems like it's been kind of a bad year for hurricanes. Yeah.
Oh is that what they do not extend the greek girl? Okay.
I was wondering how they came up with Delta because I keep
confused of the airline every time I see a way.
Well, yeah.
Well
I'm surprised you're not louder right now. Canal
they are snoring and the old dog has finally settled in. He gets um, I feel like he gets weird now at night, like he wants to go to bed like when it gets dark at six o'clock today, when I was starting to get dark, he was already getting antsy and like,
but he doesn't want, he wants everyone to be together with them. And it's like, dude, you can go like link form but we're not, the whole family is not coming to lay down with you right now. So go to
Yeah. That's funny. What
program?
So All right, so ultimate frisbee. Is that the one that's like football? Okay.
because I've seen it on ESPN before. Um so how is that? So is it do you have the same number of players that you do football? Like 11 or whatever?
Do you tackle?
And is it like plastic Frisbees or is it like the fabric ones that like I have for the dog that are like
What was saying,
pardon?
Did you play in high school like how did you get into playing that?
Yeah. I don't think that it's as a popular appear just because snow and stuff like we did, we were at a park last weekend where they had the frisbee golf, you have like the things, you know, set up for you like into, but I've never seen, I've only seen on ESPN where they played ultimate frisbee, I've never seen it in person or any like teams locally that do that.
And I bet you had said like gross like fake grass where it probably hurts school.
we have a lot of domes around here, but it just doesn't seem like, I mean, I guess it's good in the offseason, but like to play it. No, I don't think it would be as funny.
no, I didn't even think about the wind factor of it, so I'm never like, is there like tips for like how to throw a physically streaks? I feel like I throw it and it's like either like sideways or it's like wobbly. Like I never like, I don't know if you like, I have to release it, somebody
that would be hard to get used to I think
wouldn't
Okay, so you have like positions like, like any other sport hours and it's like certain, like,
cool,
Burning out some energy. What's the thing you'll keep playing now that
you're
yeah, I forget that everything is kind of like on hold the contract stuff.
A lot of interesting people, you need to bring that to, you just pick up brooms and things like that.
Cool. I'm gonna have to check it out.
no, but every fun to watch and see people actually finds.
we'll check it out. I never watch football so I would never
who never
going to take me. It's coming Awesome. Well we made it 30 minutes, can you believe?
Yeah.
So now
there are
simple.
I don't know either. I kept the other thing open. I mean, yeah, you just come back and do
exit out.
It's fun talking to you, Julia.
Have a good day,