SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Can you hear me? Hi.
SPEAKER_R: can hear you. Hello? Right
SPEAKER_L: So just let me check uh you started time already, so it's on the bottom of the survey. Did you open to get here?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I think wait it's it's running down from one minute not going up from one minute. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay because I have my timer at three minutes so let me know when you hit 25 Is a conscious or you have to for 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Wait all the times are off
SPEAKER_L: Uh So you have to leave this, I think you have to leave the tape up and if you want to keep track of how much how long are we talking? It's like a timer so it's going up. Yeah so I have a 3 25 3 minutes 25. But because we had 25 minutes so they get compensated, So just let me know when you hit 25 minutes because I'm Matthew it's like a
SPEAKER_R: of course I'm
SPEAKER_L: So how are you? Yeah. Good. Uh Oh well I'm angel are from texas. Uh Yeah, currently, well actually here on campus it and that was closed. My situation was pretty dedicated. So they let me stay along with 20 other students because some international students. So
SPEAKER_R: I need
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Uh I'm here.
SPEAKER_R: your help.
SPEAKER_L: Well we're getting ready for finals. Already got done with my final so I'm just seeing how can keep myself you see and well yeah one like those. I found this study and like let's do it. Yeah. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm here in Virginia at the moment. I've didn't have a job before corona where so I'm not really suffering too much from it, aside from having some health issues. So I'm kind of just stuck not being able to see a doctor and that's that's not the best thing. But otherwise I'm all right and here at home novels going on, my family, I lived with my fiancee's family. They're not very cautious about coronavirus, so I'm not too happy about that because my immune system is not the best. What? Well
SPEAKER_L: Magnificent.
SPEAKER_R: can we do anything about it?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah when it comes here are all
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: these here in
SPEAKER_R: probably
SPEAKER_L: texas.
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: to be,
SPEAKER_L: I mean the city of san Antonio well we're taking precautions here at university. There's barely nobody suddenly had to work face not but I still have it in my hand just because he if I see somebody and they put it up. Uh No. Uh It's just surprising
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: how everything changed in less than a month or well in three weeks I usually have a job. I used to work at Starbucks. I will be working there not right now tomorrow, but I got laid off his big clothes. Many of those Starbucks or a close and there is no, there is no point hole in here. Open Starbucks because we don't have faculty here. They left. Yeah, they love Big Cafeteria open just for us, like three hours here from
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: 10 to 1 and then from 6-8 just to feed us. And yeah, I'm just waiting. I mean I'm Dongmei clauses and I'm supposed to head to a summer program that I think that it has not been canceled.
SPEAKER_R: Well the sister, my fiance also had a summer program plans, but that's probably going to work out which is really disappointed.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I feel yeah I have so many plans because this is my last year at school. I'm actually voted in december with a bachelors of parts in psychology and spanish. Um So yeah, at least I got next verse to broadway and now you can help me get like not online classes but in bible classes. Uh Again I just I don't I just hope that the university takes the best decision. You know, it's not only there are many things take in consideration, but well, I feel we're going to be fine. It's not like, I mean when I think about it is not to not be sensitive, but it's good that it was not like very worth illness, Like the spanish food.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean the problem for some people are just really bad, especially not all the protests with people who go on to the streets and arguing that is the right to not wear masks. That's not that's not the issue here. The entire issue is not that you have the freedom to wear a mask, but that would be better for everyone around you to wear a mask. That it's just completely self english for no particular reason to not where I'm at. I don't get it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I understand like uh when I see the progress, I'm like, oh my god, like these are the people who are gonna beat me to not be here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Especially when they stand around them with guns already in other demonstrations, like what do you need a gun for you? Just demonstrating.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's scary. And and when I mean because I have a twitter, it's not that I fully trust twitter, but somebody's are obviously obvious. Um And when I see the guys are like, wow, like white privilege is a thing, it is like we can really see it now, like it is a thing like I'm surprised like policemen are not doing anything there. Maybe if they already got at the same time, I'm pretty sure they will be like another kind of people or people of color, they will do something else. Uh Yeah, I'm surprised like so far I have not seen any protests being shut down by the police. They're just they're trying to avoid conference direct confrontations at the where at the congress or somewhere the main buildings but I don't know so surprising. I'm like wow they used to play the policemen and now they hate them interesting.
SPEAKER_R: It's also because I actually come from Germany in Germany things are just always thought that for some of my dad is very conservative german standards. But then I came here and I experienced some conservative people here like right leaning people and I was just a completely different kind of thing. People here just all like guns and it's my right to carry a gun and have guns with my home like 15 guns. And I'm like, whoa, what's what's wrong? Why do you need so many guns for?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I understand. Yeah, I come from peru so there you know we never have we never had anything like shooting school. The one time I saw about a shooting shooting, it was a student who brought his father's camp. Yeah his father con that he wanted to show it up and he accidentally shot a student in the classroom and the teacher. So it was actually an accident. But it was not a shooting. But we never had those things that make palm tree because the only way you can get a gun if you have a job that allows you to carry one or if you get illegally, of course if you cry. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Same in Germany, we have very strict regulations. My dad, for example, has a gun, but that's because he's a security guard, he's a bodyguard. So that's the only reason he was in the military for 12 years. That's the only reason why he has a license for a gun and getting that license for a gun. It's hard to get, you need to have consistent training. And here everyone just walked into talking. Yeah, I'll just get a gun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Social product And as a psychology major is like so irrational because it's like when you have to deal with problems, you don't solve violence. Violence like actually having a gun around increases the probability of something bad to happen. You know you have to make sure to take away if you are dealing with aggressive people, you have to take all the means uh, could lead them to be aggressive. So yeah, I'm like, oh my God, like all these guns and all these things, um, you know, I tried, obviously I tried to be respectful at the same time. We're going to be real like it's not something rational or you know, call to do like why are you showing the next generation participate too? You've gone in self defense when you feel training and there have been many cases of people who are are not being a natural situation is still used a gun just because they got, they, you know, they got the wrong perception
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: or something.
SPEAKER_R: you. And don't forget to make it.
SPEAKER_L: in my country, you know, if you get rob, you got to deal with it, you know, you can do anything about it. Actually. You have a gun, run the risk of being killed.
SPEAKER_R: Just shut up
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I don't know I mean is that I come from a third world country so there are things we do wrong and things we actually derived like when I don't know like sometimes I feel the solution is very simple. Just take all the guns away or just make it harder you know not harder but at least give it to the people who do need it and you know mental health checkups and all those regulations
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: that will be necessary.
SPEAKER_R: problem. The problem is taking all the guns away would be though, that that would cause a massive abroad because americans really like their guns and just taking them all away. You can't even really take them all the way I think because they could just hide them. I mean, they put some kind of codes on them with which you can track them, but not to the extent that nobody could hide them have disappeared somewhere. So that would probably
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: be kind of hard. And especially because americans have a very big obsession with the law and the independence. I have the right to do this, I have the right to own this. And unless that gets changed, unless the constitution itself gets changed in that way, which is probably impossible to happen any time soon. They're not going to take the guns away. They're not going to be able to take the guns away without causing a mass of raw. Quite, especially
SPEAKER_L: drink up
SPEAKER_R: whites, I don't know trash
SPEAKER_L: here. Yeah I understand. Yeah I know like a lot of people have told me that like unfortunately is in their constitution so it's basically changing the patron money like they're open petrol money and there And I don't know why they want to stick to it 100%
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: you know and now
SPEAKER_R: it gives
SPEAKER_L: with the
SPEAKER_R: you the right to be wrong.
SPEAKER_L: insane. Yeah, I don't know why they just believe that the constitution is like set in stone and it cannot be changed. And I feel
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it could be changed or the interpret the interpretation should be different. You know.
SPEAKER_R: kind of like kind of like the bible, that things of the bible are kind of like outdated from back then a lot. But a lot of what is written in the bible were rules from back then that kind of applied like not eating shellfish
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: because shellfish back then were very like often the cause of food poisoning. So people wanna supposed to each other's same with pig, that's in the bible too. So they were kind of rules. But nowadays shellfish and pig both are pretty clean to eat. So that doesn't really kind
SPEAKER_L: I heard.
SPEAKER_R: of. Most fish still eat pig and childish too. So that's a part they modernized. But things like homosexuality being illegal or not good sections like that for some reason do not get modernized. And it's like, why, why do you not do that then? Had bible? Religion itself is not wrong. It's not something that should be condemned, but it should be modernized. It should go a little bit with the times and the same thing goes for the constitution. The rules are made in this land, but for some reason they just refused to do that. Same with the bible. It's it's probably if the reason why so many americans are very strictly christian, those kind of nutcase christians.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I think the parents more on the individual. Like I'm I'm christian catholic but I still agree that the bible is not set in stone. Like we gotta take we gotta be careful you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know that it's updated. It was made in the past. And yeah, like understanding the saying like uh
SPEAKER_R: was,
SPEAKER_L: my billing.
SPEAKER_R: I was raised christian to in Germany and it's like, I know I know that some things are good and some things are wrong but homosexuality and such. That was not really a question if it's wrong or right. That was just a thing that exists. And even even though I had even even angelic and catholic people in my family, it was never a problem.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well from my major, I understand when it comes to homosexuality is natural. Like very natural. Like we've seen in animals, We're seeing humans. But also people say like why are you comparing that food animals? And like of course we're not 100% like animals. But there is something that we do have in common like homosexuality. And we have seen almost homosexually back and before christ came and like for some reason they just uh because it's different. They want they perceive it as something wrong. Yeah. We're still fighting with that notion. Thank God it's still changing and my country has still to do a lot of work on it. You know?
SPEAKER_R: What do you think?
SPEAKER_L: Now with the Kobe thing, they put my country in lockdown. And well one of the first rule was like, let's say Tuesday monday was on Fridays only women bleed. But then they told them present like what about the transgender people? And they said, well we're accountable and he said my government, we don't we don't discriminate. So a women is a person who looks like a women and belief is a woman. So so yeah. But at the same time, well it's more about my country. Like there were many problems. There is now like a certificate. She was like, oh yeah I'm a woman even though I was come again. Yeah. So that there was a hole. That's why they're still, there were still many situations that transgender people were discriminated during lockdown. Uh the people who did that were condemned but still like that show that we still have a whole or transgender people to salt and to fill up. You know? Um So yeah, you know when when it comes to book co big, that's really interesting is I think uh we have learned a lot a lot from this. You know I think the main thing a nurse and now to never take my life programming. You know my job, physical interaction and everything my my studies and my lecture. So I used to complain a lot about my my lectures and now I missed them. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah it's interesting. I don't know I feel that we're gonna learn a lot about this but the same time I feel your human we're gonna just go back to life and many maybe make the same mistakes like pollution and such like I'm happy that this is actually a break for their and now they're reopening stores and I can panic and I'm like we're not ready for that as well. Yeah. Paper tomorrow.
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah because my friends told me you know the U. S. Is a country that relies on business. They close
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: everything.
SPEAKER_R: mean,
SPEAKER_L: They have no business, no income so they need to do something. Well
SPEAKER_R: technically every country relies on business.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah they do. Like in my country they're going to start reopening. We're still on our way to see the peak of the curb. We are we have 40,000 cases and were soon our way to repeat. And we have taken the repercussions surprise that people didn't really respect the precautions. They will still not respect social distancing and be like groups or still do believe all stuff and that's why we got increasing cases went on my prison actually it's a here we go depends on the state. Some people do follow the rules. Some people protest. Some people can because there are a lot of people who they don't get a chance to get a face mask. I had to look for a better last week. And it took me weeks to .1.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it took me a week. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: still, we still don't have manifest that we just don't get them. And uh my fiance's father who is the main, main um uh main worker in this household. It doesn't really believe cope inventing being a real issue, a real
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: danger to anyone. He's one of those fine cleaning people. So like, um uh
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: also,
SPEAKER_L: I'm better.
SPEAKER_R: I think like seven kids in this household, not mine, it's his kids, my siblings, and they still go out and meet their friends and everything. I'm just like, guys just stop, stop running outside feeling good friends. It's not the time you can play at any point outside of the coronavirus crisis.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah it's simple. People do want to live and I knew a lot of people are gonna live when they reopen the store because they're just gonna spend another second. The fact
SPEAKER_R: No way.
SPEAKER_L: not even try. It depends. It's so funny. Also the celebrities post and I will stay at home in the biggest houses. It's like it's not it's not that hard.
SPEAKER_R: I would love to stay at home that way too able to be a little bit to you, uh, to your home all day. Yeah, I would have a problem with that either.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I mean it also made me realize my life was kind of a quarantine. I mean here on campus I would just because I was busy and doing my stuff, you know, working for associations, my job and something else. I will never leave campus in that sense. I was always in quarantine but now that I have to be in my dorm and just lied to get food or just to go to an artist that is still parading. Um Yeah, there's not much left to do and I want to go to the park so I understand people's feelings in some way. by the same time, like, you know, this is temporary. It's not making that last for five years. No, no, like it's going to they're going to be a point where to have a bit that scene and you know, we're gonna maybe not. I would say we're going to go to normal, you know, not really normal people. I feel somehow
SPEAKER_R: Wait.
SPEAKER_L: we're going to still do social distancing parola for a while. We hook you, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: At least it should be that way. I don't really think that a lot of people would follow it because already people are starting to struggle in like week one a week to some of them. And I think, I think maybe I'm just a little in my own head because I personally don't have too much of a problem with the whole quarantine thing because I just stay at home a lot. I've always been, I've been ill for three years and I have left the house almost at all during that entire time. So I'm really used to discuss. So when I read online some some tweet on facebook that someone's freaking out by week two about not being able to go out and meet the friends and party. I'm here like what what what I mean? Different people, different mindsets, different things they used to so I shouldn't be so harsh, but at the same time it's for the greater good for everyone to protect everyone. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think the people who have a part of the party, people, you know, I have a lot of friends who love party and personally, I don't party because I don't have time and I have wanted money to party. So I don't have the motivation to the so yeah, my friends are like, we want to go to the club, want to dance and I'm like, stay home.
SPEAKER_R: socializing
SPEAKER_L: So is Yeah, but
SPEAKER_R: is difficult.
SPEAKER_L: right. I know. I do miss the pub. I mean, I wouldn't I don't really drink a lot, but now that I'm like kind of stress, I'm like, I don't need a drink but it pop is closed. I'm like, I won't get a drink until all this. And I'm like ah I think, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: this friday, I'll hang out with a friend. I mean, well we won't go to the park, we just good job and we might go to. So uh there's around, we're not gonna go in of course. Which is we might get a margarita to go just because we want some. Yeah. Yeah, because my friend told me we're not going inside, right? And of course not, we're not ready for that. Yeah. But yeah, like, like the same thing that people are going to lay, just take the precaution Social distancing and make sure joke. So just get to go. It's just because it's tough for reopening doesn't mean where 160 100% safe. Uh Oh yes, that's
SPEAKER_R: Every time we go grocery shopping anything or just going outside for anything, I'm always grab my fiance just like, don't touch your face, wash your hands, don't touch your face, you just have to be handled, can just touch your face. That's actually a dog handler. I feel so nagging because of it. But I'm so afraid of it of getting Covid, so I'm just
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: constantly controlling everything. Was constantly watching where someone touching something, what could, what could be
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When it goes through the illness, I'm work, I'm not really afraid of getting it. I'm more afraid of the reaction. You know people the protest, you know how people react or people just not taking quarantine. Like it's already hard for some people to stay at home. So now when they are cautiously at home is harder than um it happened with online classes, we had like a lot of people were like I'm not able to come to focus at home. Like for me it's not the best place to study. Some people, a lot of people are being affected by online class personally. I was not affected because most of my classes were assignment based. So at the end I just had to turn in assignments and that's it. We don't really have pictures so. Yeah and I I know started yesterday but was right down by them because that's my my final our assignment. Thanks. So yeah also has already been through the hard classes before so now I'm taking basic basic classes for my major so it's not you know it's not a hard for me as compared to other people. Yeah I have a lot of but I also have problems with my fellow Caribbeans here. I mean not many of my friends they just want to go back to peru like they just want to go back um in whatever way they can and like it's like the university
SPEAKER_R: Sleep, sleep home.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I mean personally I will just I mean I never planned to go back home because staying here like you know planning to ship is the best way to do and I have some some family here let me stay. But um and my my fellow province are they actually have more like better houses than they actually can stay here but they just don't want. Yeah they are they're just trying to find a way to go back and then like the university has told us to not go back at all. You know what did you guys go back and then they decide to make fall in people and you guys can come back like oh my god
SPEAKER_R: It's thinking very far hand. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and they were yesterday they were like oh yeah we're gonna do a mail to the press, to the president of the university to ask him to just make all online. And like guys where were international students were like We're like 5% of the university. They think they're gonna hear us more than the whole. I mean they could they could just make some accommodations. But the truth is that they have to care for the main kind boy. And they were like well you don't want to join the, you know, just don't sign up. Yeah, I won't sign up. But keep in mind that your situation is not mine, you know? Yeah. Because they were saying things like you were able to pay your clog the United States. I'm sure you can you have a good connection home and like I told you guys in my home the connection subs
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: and people will distract and you know, I don't know what you guys talking about. Like you should compare my internet go for it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: can do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you still studying?
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm not sorry. Um Well, I mean I was planning to, but then I met my fiance online and then I moved to America and I'm still struggling with immigration. That's why I don't have health. That's why I'm afraid of co but
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: nothing is going and shirt. So
SPEAKER_L: I feel yeah the international students so far like I cannot work of campus, I can work only here inside here. So yeah one Summer I had to work under the table because because I didn't have any choice. I needed money to pay school. Sound like my my fear like my aunt, she got me, she got me a job under tables, a little petty cash that was not officially fire. I sent it to something so I I risk them any. It paid it forward.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: America.
SPEAKER_R: can see the people because I have, I have learned money in like half a, you know, it's kind of really bad. I want to do a job, but especially with Covid and everything and I scanned, I don't have my immigration papers that I looked. It's difficult.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know it's so difficult even for undocumented and aliens like yeah like now that I'm going to an internship I just realized I have to do an extra paper that people don't usually do but I have to because I'm international and I suppose we have to pay something to do an internship. So I like I have to pay to work which is really you know when it comes to loss here in the U. S. I think it's kind of silly. I mean there make sense at the same
SPEAKER_R: Especially
SPEAKER_L: time he tells him
SPEAKER_R: now during Covid trump just enforcing even tighter immigration lives. Like for example, I ran about a lot that he now in force during the whole crisis that any immigrants, illegal immigrants who get health care, while the illegal are not allowed, uh, to immigrate here anymore. Like you're only making things worse. You're, you're disabling people from going and seeking healthcare and instead spreading
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: it even further. You're making the cold crisis even worse that way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When I see my classes that immigrants are the people who have to make the money here like make the us to make money and not really the big the americans. But I'm like he doesn't realize that he needs immigrants but he makes it harder for him for us and for them, you know, as international student, I'm not allowed to get a stimulus check because it's a little bit all my friends got it like oh my americans friends. But let me just because an international and I'm like I'm like why why would you put me away from the help And I hear pay taxes too. I work for you. So yeah, it's just just
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: really you know.
SPEAKER_R: was on racism at this point. How, how the anti immigration system, It's just sad.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah. I want to do is like that though. Yeah. I don't know. It should be a, I mean it's like the same with the thing with the constitution if you will have through for immigration no can come who cannot of course people who have a background of criminality or if you're not gonna but
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: give
SPEAKER_R: course.
SPEAKER_L: them at least give them the Ez pass, you know to make sure that they are safe for americans. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: In the world.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how was your time I'm looking?
SPEAKER_R: I'm at assignments already with five minutes 1.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, wow. Hello. Um I don't know. Do you have any questions or something to talk about? Yeah. Well it was nice to meet you. It's cool
SPEAKER_R: And the chips.
SPEAKER_L: you know? Yeah. Just they save them where we're going to be fine, you know?
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: So good luck Nice to meet you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: too. You too.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Be safe.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Bye
SPEAKER_L: Bye.