can hear you. Hello? Right
yeah I think wait it's it's running down from one minute not going up from one minute. Yeah.
All right. Wait all the times are off
of course I'm
I need
your help.
Well I'm here in Virginia at the moment. I've didn't have a job before corona where so I'm not really suffering too much from it, aside from having some health issues. So I'm kind of just stuck not being able to see a doctor and that's that's not the best thing. But otherwise I'm all right and here at home novels going on, my family, I lived with my fiancee's family. They're not very cautious about coronavirus, so I'm not too happy about that because my immune system is not the best. What? Well
can we do anything about it?
That's
probably
going
to be,
Well
So
Well the sister, my fiance also had a summer program plans, but that's probably going to work out which is really disappointed.
Well, I mean the problem for some people are just really bad, especially not all the protests with people who go on to the streets and arguing that is the right to not wear masks. That's not that's not the issue here. The entire issue is not that you have the freedom to wear a mask, but that would be better for everyone around you to wear a mask. That it's just completely self english for no particular reason to not where I'm at. I don't get it. Yeah.
Especially when they stand around them with guns already in other demonstrations, like what do you need a gun for you? Just demonstrating.
It's also because I actually come from Germany in Germany things are just always thought that for some of my dad is very conservative german standards. But then I came here and I experienced some conservative people here like right leaning people and I was just a completely different kind of thing. People here just all like guns and it's my right to carry a gun and have guns with my home like 15 guns. And I'm like, whoa, what's what's wrong? Why do you need so many guns for?
Same in Germany, we have very strict regulations. My dad, for example, has a gun, but that's because he's a security guard, he's a bodyguard. So that's the only reason he was in the military for 12 years. That's the only reason why he has a license for a gun and getting that license for a gun. It's hard to get, you need to have consistent training. And here everyone just walked into talking. Yeah, I'll just get a gun.
Thank
you. And don't forget to make it.
Just shut up
The
problem. The problem is taking all the guns away would be though, that that would cause a massive abroad because americans really like their guns and just taking them all away. You can't even really take them all the way I think because they could just hide them. I mean, they put some kind of codes on them with which you can track them, but not to the extent that nobody could hide them have disappeared somewhere. So that would probably
be kind of hard. And especially because americans have a very big obsession with the law and the independence. I have the right to do this, I have the right to own this. And unless that gets changed, unless the constitution itself gets changed in that way, which is probably impossible to happen any time soon. They're not going to take the guns away. They're not going to be able to take the guns away without causing a mass of raw. Quite, especially
whites, I don't know trash
because
it gives
you the right to be wrong.
it's
kind of like kind of like the bible, that things of the bible are kind of like outdated from back then a lot. But a lot of what is written in the bible were rules from back then that kind of applied like not eating shellfish
because shellfish back then were very like often the cause of food poisoning. So people wanna supposed to each other's same with pig, that's in the bible too. So they were kind of rules. But nowadays shellfish and pig both are pretty clean to eat. So that doesn't really kind
of. Most fish still eat pig and childish too. So that's a part they modernized. But things like homosexuality being illegal or not good sections like that for some reason do not get modernized. And it's like, why, why do you not do that then? Had bible? Religion itself is not wrong. It's not something that should be condemned, but it should be modernized. It should go a little bit with the times and the same thing goes for the constitution. The rules are made in this land, but for some reason they just refused to do that. Same with the bible. It's it's probably if the reason why so many americans are very strictly christian, those kind of nutcase christians.
I
was,
I was raised christian to in Germany and it's like, I know I know that some things are good and some things are wrong but homosexuality and such. That was not really a question if it's wrong or right. That was just a thing that exists. And even even though I had even even angelic and catholic people in my family, it was never a problem.
What do you think?
Nothing.
I
mean,
technically every country relies on business.
I
still, we still don't have manifest that we just don't get them. And uh my fiance's father who is the main, main um uh main worker in this household. It doesn't really believe cope inventing being a real issue, a real
danger to anyone. He's one of those fine cleaning people. So like, um uh
also,
I think like seven kids in this household, not mine, it's his kids, my siblings, and they still go out and meet their friends and everything. I'm just like, guys just stop, stop running outside feeling good friends. It's not the time you can play at any point outside of the coronavirus crisis.
No way.
I would love to stay at home that way too able to be a little bit to you, uh, to your home all day. Yeah, I would have a problem with that either.
Wait.
At least it should be that way. I don't really think that a lot of people would follow it because already people are starting to struggle in like week one a week to some of them. And I think, I think maybe I'm just a little in my own head because I personally don't have too much of a problem with the whole quarantine thing because I just stay at home a lot. I've always been, I've been ill for three years and I have left the house almost at all during that entire time. So I'm really used to discuss. So when I read online some some tweet on facebook that someone's freaking out by week two about not being able to go out and meet the friends and party. I'm here like what what what I mean? Different people, different mindsets, different things they used to so I shouldn't be so harsh, but at the same time it's for the greater good for everyone to protect everyone. So
socializing
is difficult.
So
Every time we go grocery shopping anything or just going outside for anything, I'm always grab my fiance just like, don't touch your face, wash your hands, don't touch your face, you just have to be handled, can just touch your face. That's actually a dog handler. I feel so nagging because of it. But I'm so afraid of it of getting Covid, so I'm just
constantly controlling everything. Was constantly watching where someone touching something, what could, what could be
Sleep, sleep home.
It's thinking very far hand. Mhm.
you
can do.
No, I'm not sorry. Um Well, I mean I was planning to, but then I met my fiance online and then I moved to America and I'm still struggling with immigration. That's why I don't have health. That's why I'm afraid of co but
nothing is going and shirt. So
I
can see the people because I have, I have learned money in like half a, you know, it's kind of really bad. I want to do a job, but especially with Covid and everything and I scanned, I don't have my immigration papers that I looked. It's difficult.
Especially
now during Covid trump just enforcing even tighter immigration lives. Like for example, I ran about a lot that he now in force during the whole crisis that any immigrants, illegal immigrants who get health care, while the illegal are not allowed, uh, to immigrate here anymore. Like you're only making things worse. You're, you're disabling people from going and seeking healthcare and instead spreading
it even further. You're making the cold crisis even worse that way.
It
was on racism at this point. How, how the anti immigration system, It's just sad.
of
course.
In the world.
I'm at assignments already with five minutes 1.
And the chips.
You
too. You too.
You too. Bye