Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Can you hear me? Hi.
So just let me check uh you started time already, so it's on the bottom of the survey. Did you open to get here?
Yeah. Okay because I have my timer at three minutes so let me know when you hit 25 Is a conscious or you have to for 25 minutes.
Uh So you have to leave this, I think you have to leave the tape up and if you want to keep track of how much how long are we talking? It's like a timer so it's going up. Yeah so I have a 3 25 3 minutes 25. But because we had 25 minutes so they get compensated, So just let me know when you hit 25 minutes because I'm Matthew it's like a
So how are you? Yeah. Good. Uh Oh well I'm angel are from texas. Uh Yeah, currently, well actually here on campus it and that was closed. My situation was pretty dedicated. So they let me stay along with 20 other students because some international students. So
yeah. Uh I'm here.
Well we're getting ready for finals. Already got done with my final so I'm just seeing how can keep myself you see and well yeah one like those. I found this study and like let's do it. Yeah. What about you?
Magnificent.
Yeah. Yeah when it comes here are all
these here in
texas.
Well
I mean the city of san Antonio well we're taking precautions here at university. There's barely nobody suddenly had to work face not but I still have it in my hand just because he if I see somebody and they put it up. Uh No. Uh It's just surprising
how everything changed in less than a month or well in three weeks I usually have a job. I used to work at Starbucks. I will be working there not right now tomorrow, but I got laid off his big clothes. Many of those Starbucks or a close and there is no, there is no point hole in here. Open Starbucks because we don't have faculty here. They left. Yeah, they love Big Cafeteria open just for us, like three hours here from
10 to 1 and then from 6-8 just to feed us. And yeah, I'm just waiting. I mean I'm Dongmei clauses and I'm supposed to head to a summer program that I think that it has not been canceled.
Oh I feel yeah I have so many plans because this is my last year at school. I'm actually voted in december with a bachelors of parts in psychology and spanish. Um So yeah, at least I got next verse to broadway and now you can help me get like not online classes but in bible classes. Uh Again I just I don't I just hope that the university takes the best decision. You know, it's not only there are many things take in consideration, but well, I feel we're going to be fine. It's not like, I mean when I think about it is not to not be sensitive, but it's good that it was not like very worth illness, Like the spanish food.
I understand like uh when I see the progress, I'm like, oh my god, like these are the people who are gonna beat me to not be here. Yeah.
Yeah. That's scary. And and when I mean because I have a twitter, it's not that I fully trust twitter, but somebody's are obviously obvious. Um And when I see the guys are like, wow, like white privilege is a thing, it is like we can really see it now, like it is a thing like I'm surprised like policemen are not doing anything there. Maybe if they already got at the same time, I'm pretty sure they will be like another kind of people or people of color, they will do something else. Uh Yeah, I'm surprised like so far I have not seen any protests being shut down by the police. They're just they're trying to avoid conference direct confrontations at the where at the congress or somewhere the main buildings but I don't know so surprising. I'm like wow they used to play the policemen and now they hate them interesting.
Yeah, I understand. Yeah, I come from peru so there you know we never have we never had anything like shooting school. The one time I saw about a shooting shooting, it was a student who brought his father's camp. Yeah his father con that he wanted to show it up and he accidentally shot a student in the classroom and the teacher. So it was actually an accident. But it was not a shooting. But we never had those things that make palm tree because the only way you can get a gun if you have a job that allows you to carry one or if you get illegally, of course if you cry. Huh?
Yeah. Social product And as a psychology major is like so irrational because it's like when you have to deal with problems, you don't solve violence. Violence like actually having a gun around increases the probability of something bad to happen. You know you have to make sure to take away if you are dealing with aggressive people, you have to take all the means uh, could lead them to be aggressive. So yeah, I'm like, oh my God, like all these guns and all these things, um, you know, I tried, obviously I tried to be respectful at the same time. We're going to be real like it's not something rational or you know, call to do like why are you showing the next generation participate too? You've gone in self defense when you feel training and there have been many cases of people who are are not being a natural situation is still used a gun just because they got, they, you know, they got the wrong perception
or something.
in my country, you know, if you get rob, you got to deal with it, you know, you can do anything about it. Actually. You have a gun, run the risk of being killed.
Yeah. So I don't know I mean is that I come from a third world country so there are things we do wrong and things we actually derived like when I don't know like sometimes I feel the solution is very simple. Just take all the guns away or just make it harder you know not harder but at least give it to the people who do need it and you know mental health checkups and all those regulations
that will be necessary.
If
drink up
here. Yeah I understand. Yeah I know like a lot of people have told me that like unfortunately is in their constitution so it's basically changing the patron money like they're open petrol money and there And I don't know why they want to stick to it 100%
you know and now
with the
insane. Yeah, I don't know why they just believe that the constitution is like set in stone and it cannot be changed. And I feel
it could be changed or the interpret the interpretation should be different. You know.
And
I heard.
Yeah. Yeah. I think the parents more on the individual. Like I'm I'm christian catholic but I still agree that the bible is not set in stone. Like we gotta take we gotta be careful you
know that it's updated. It was made in the past. And yeah, like understanding the saying like uh
my billing.
Yeah. Well from my major, I understand when it comes to homosexuality is natural. Like very natural. Like we've seen in animals, We're seeing humans. But also people say like why are you comparing that food animals? And like of course we're not 100% like animals. But there is something that we do have in common like homosexuality. And we have seen almost homosexually back and before christ came and like for some reason they just uh because it's different. They want they perceive it as something wrong. Yeah. We're still fighting with that notion. Thank God it's still changing and my country has still to do a lot of work on it. You know?
Now with the Kobe thing, they put my country in lockdown. And well one of the first rule was like, let's say Tuesday monday was on Fridays only women bleed. But then they told them present like what about the transgender people? And they said, well we're accountable and he said my government, we don't we don't discriminate. So a women is a person who looks like a women and belief is a woman. So so yeah. But at the same time, well it's more about my country. Like there were many problems. There is now like a certificate. She was like, oh yeah I'm a woman even though I was come again. Yeah. So that there was a hole. That's why they're still, there were still many situations that transgender people were discriminated during lockdown. Uh the people who did that were condemned but still like that show that we still have a whole or transgender people to salt and to fill up. You know? Um So yeah, you know when when it comes to book co big, that's really interesting is I think uh we have learned a lot a lot from this. You know I think the main thing a nurse and now to never take my life programming. You know my job, physical interaction and everything my my studies and my lecture. So I used to complain a lot about my my lectures and now I missed them. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah it's interesting. I don't know I feel that we're gonna learn a lot about this but the same time I feel your human we're gonna just go back to life and many maybe make the same mistakes like pollution and such like I'm happy that this is actually a break for their and now they're reopening stores and I can panic and I'm like we're not ready for that as well. Yeah. Paper tomorrow.
Oh yeah because my friends told me you know the U. S. Is a country that relies on business. They close
everything.
They have no business, no income so they need to do something. Well
yeah. Yeah they do. Like in my country they're going to start reopening. We're still on our way to see the peak of the curb. We are we have 40,000 cases and were soon our way to repeat. And we have taken the repercussions surprise that people didn't really respect the precautions. They will still not respect social distancing and be like groups or still do believe all stuff and that's why we got increasing cases went on my prison actually it's a here we go depends on the state. Some people do follow the rules. Some people protest. Some people can because there are a lot of people who they don't get a chance to get a face mask. I had to look for a better last week. And it took me weeks to .1.
Yeah. Yeah it took me a week. Mhm
And
and
I'm better.
I know. Yeah it's simple. People do want to live and I knew a lot of people are gonna live when they reopen the store because they're just gonna spend another second. The fact
not even try. It depends. It's so funny. Also the celebrities post and I will stay at home in the biggest houses. It's like it's not it's not that hard.
Mhm. Yeah, I mean it also made me realize my life was kind of a quarantine. I mean here on campus I would just because I was busy and doing my stuff, you know, working for associations, my job and something else. I will never leave campus in that sense. I was always in quarantine but now that I have to be in my dorm and just lied to get food or just to go to an artist that is still parading. Um Yeah, there's not much left to do and I want to go to the park so I understand people's feelings in some way. by the same time, like, you know, this is temporary. It's not making that last for five years. No, no, like it's going to they're going to be a point where to have a bit that scene and you know, we're gonna maybe not. I would say we're going to go to normal, you know, not really normal people. I feel somehow
we're going to still do social distancing parola for a while. We hook you, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. I think the people who have a part of the party, people, you know, I have a lot of friends who love party and personally, I don't party because I don't have time and I have wanted money to party. So I don't have the motivation to the so yeah, my friends are like, we want to go to the club, want to dance and I'm like, stay home.
So is Yeah, but
right. I know. I do miss the pub. I mean, I wouldn't I don't really drink a lot, but now that I'm like kind of stress, I'm like, I don't need a drink but it pop is closed. I'm like, I won't get a drink until all this. And I'm like ah I think, yeah,
this friday, I'll hang out with a friend. I mean, well we won't go to the park, we just good job and we might go to. So uh there's around, we're not gonna go in of course. Which is we might get a margarita to go just because we want some. Yeah. Yeah, because my friend told me we're not going inside, right? And of course not, we're not ready for that. Yeah. But yeah, like, like the same thing that people are going to lay, just take the precaution Social distancing and make sure joke. So just get to go. It's just because it's tough for reopening doesn't mean where 160 100% safe. Uh Oh yes, that's
No.
Yeah. When it goes through the illness, I'm work, I'm not really afraid of getting it. I'm more afraid of the reaction. You know people the protest, you know how people react or people just not taking quarantine. Like it's already hard for some people to stay at home. So now when they are cautiously at home is harder than um it happened with online classes, we had like a lot of people were like I'm not able to come to focus at home. Like for me it's not the best place to study. Some people, a lot of people are being affected by online class personally. I was not affected because most of my classes were assignment based. So at the end I just had to turn in assignments and that's it. We don't really have pictures so. Yeah and I I know started yesterday but was right down by them because that's my my final our assignment. Thanks. So yeah also has already been through the hard classes before so now I'm taking basic basic classes for my major so it's not you know it's not a hard for me as compared to other people. Yeah I have a lot of but I also have problems with my fellow Caribbeans here. I mean not many of my friends they just want to go back to peru like they just want to go back um in whatever way they can and like it's like the university
yeah I mean personally I will just I mean I never planned to go back home because staying here like you know planning to ship is the best way to do and I have some some family here let me stay. But um and my my fellow province are they actually have more like better houses than they actually can stay here but they just don't want. Yeah they are they're just trying to find a way to go back and then like the university has told us to not go back at all. You know what did you guys go back and then they decide to make fall in people and you guys can come back like oh my god
and they were yesterday they were like oh yeah we're gonna do a mail to the press, to the president of the university to ask him to just make all online. And like guys where were international students were like We're like 5% of the university. They think they're gonna hear us more than the whole. I mean they could they could just make some accommodations. But the truth is that they have to care for the main kind boy. And they were like well you don't want to join the, you know, just don't sign up. Yeah, I won't sign up. But keep in mind that your situation is not mine, you know? Yeah. Because they were saying things like you were able to pay your clog the United States. I'm sure you can you have a good connection home and like I told you guys in my home the connection subs
and people will distract and you know, I don't know what you guys talking about. Like you should compare my internet go for it. Yeah.
Yeah. Are you still studying?
Of
I feel yeah the international students so far like I cannot work of campus, I can work only here inside here. So yeah one Summer I had to work under the table because because I didn't have any choice. I needed money to pay school. Sound like my my fear like my aunt, she got me, she got me a job under tables, a little petty cash that was not officially fire. I sent it to something so I I risk them any. It paid it forward.
America.
Yeah. I know it's so difficult even for undocumented and aliens like yeah like now that I'm going to an internship I just realized I have to do an extra paper that people don't usually do but I have to because I'm international and I suppose we have to pay something to do an internship. So I like I have to pay to work which is really you know when it comes to loss here in the U. S. I think it's kind of silly. I mean there make sense at the same
time he tells him
And
Yeah. When I see my classes that immigrants are the people who have to make the money here like make the us to make money and not really the big the americans. But I'm like he doesn't realize that he needs immigrants but he makes it harder for him for us and for them, you know, as international student, I'm not allowed to get a stimulus check because it's a little bit all my friends got it like oh my americans friends. But let me just because an international and I'm like I'm like why why would you put me away from the help And I hear pay taxes too. I work for you. So yeah, it's just just
really you know.
I know. Yeah. I want to do is like that though. Yeah. I don't know. It should be a, I mean it's like the same with the thing with the constitution if you will have through for immigration no can come who cannot of course people who have a background of criminality or if you're not gonna but
give
them at least give them the Ez pass, you know to make sure that they are safe for americans. Yeah.
Hi, how was your time I'm looking?
Yeah, wow. Hello. Um I don't know. Do you have any questions or something to talk about? Yeah. Well it was nice to meet you. It's cool
you know? Yeah. Just they save them where we're going to be fine, you know?
So good luck Nice to meet you. Yeah.
Thank you. Be safe.
Bye.