SPEAKER_R: Hey. Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello. How's it going?
SPEAKER_R: There we go. That had a little too quiet. Can you hear me? All right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, I can.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Perfect. Alright. All right, How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Doing well, thanks, how about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: Well, not too bad. Huh? Just got back from a hike and well not really a hike. I went to york River State Park and you can find fossils along with each there. So I went out and had a nice little quiet walk. Sorry, I'm trying to start the stopwatch.
SPEAKER_L: no worries. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Here we go. All
SPEAKER_L: I won't go.
SPEAKER_R: right. Yeah, I just got back so I was able to to hop in the shower and get out with about five minutes to spare.
SPEAKER_L: It's do you like to be outdoors a lot? Is that something?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's a my co two thing. When I have time to spare. I've been out to uh three different places. It was the Westmorland State Park, the one that I went to today, York River State Park and then chip in Oak State Park. Um over the last probably month I would say. I figured out that there was a couple of places um that you could go looking for fossils. Just watching up on the shore in these, in these riverbanks because it was this big old uh ocean graveyard that was out that way. And I really like looking around for rocks in general. Uh, so finding a bunch of fossils was a really cool find. Um, but my big thing that I'm looking for our shark teeth, I used to live in southern California. So beach was walking distance from where I used to live and to this day I've still not, never found them. My girlfriend went with me to the first one of those little places that I named off and she found shark deeds. First time that she went out there, she found two of them and I was just like, I guess, you know, some people, her sister can find uh four leaf clovers just if they're around, she's gonna find them just walking around and I mean I've looked all my life and never found them growing in the wild. The only time I've ever seen a four leaf clover was when it was being sold or when someone else found it and gave it to me. Mhm. Hey
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah outdoors is uh my main stress reliever but I myself
SPEAKER_L: A little bit. I like to snowboard, but besides that I'm not super outdoorsy, I don't not love hiking or anything like that, but I'll do it
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: with my friends.
SPEAKER_R: how do you get up to the point where you can snowboard down from? Then?
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I said how do you get up to the point where you have the snowboard down if you don't like hiking,
SPEAKER_L: Take a lift or helicopter or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: that sounds really cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, sometimes you have to hike for a little bit, but it's usually not more than maybe half a mile or something.
SPEAKER_R: So you've written in a helicopter up to a place where you dropped off in snowboarded from that is so cool. I've wanted to try snowboarding, but I mean in the area that I live, it's just not really a big thing and um just haven't really had the ability to to go search it out and be able to do it so that's really cool. Um
SPEAKER_L: Are you still in southern California or?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No I'm now in Virginia so yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: opposite side of the country, we have mountains but they're just stubby little mountains and um we really haven't had all that much snowfall. The first year that we were here, I moved here, there was a bunch but since then it's like snag my water bottle really quick. Uh huh. Yes. Yeah since then there hasn't really done a whole lot which um it was a bummer at first because I really liked the cold weather and coming from southern California, you know I've never ever seen it snow the first time I saw it snow is like plaster to the window, just like watching this tiny little dusting of snow coming down. People are looking at what's wrong with you So No, I haven't. So yeah, that's a, it's a cool place. So I suppose uh I like the landscape out here a lot, like I do a lot of, I met the Shenandoah mountain range, that's my favorite place to go out to um
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: When I, my health took a pretty that dip back in 2009 and when I was getting, after a while in my rehab, coming back from that, I started going out to that Shenandoah mountain ranges, like a test to see how strong I'd come and how I come back ever since. I just kind of went back to that same place to kind of like, yeah, you came from a long way to be able to get to where you are here and
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: oh yeah, I like to make it a birthday hike and then usually plays well for the area because october and the falling in the shenandoah is really beautiful of color change going on. How about yourself? You do any leaf peeping, looking around for, at the colors and whatnot
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm up in massachusetts, so sometimes we'll go up to new Hampshire, Vermont or even maine and drive around and there's beautiful foliage.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you gotta, you have the actual place to go. Like we have skyline drive that we can go. It's like the one place in Regina you can go just drive and to see these beautiful colors. It's just like supposedly pales in comparison to up north. So that's, that's really cool. I see why you got to do a little more snowboarding too. Uh huh. Little bit more acclimated for that up there. That's cool. Um well any other hub, is there anything that you would like to get into
SPEAKER_L: mm. No, I was done. I really like investing.
SPEAKER_R: investing?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_R: Fascinating.
SPEAKER_L: a warning passionate.
SPEAKER_R: That's interesting. I'm sorry. I feel like as we spoke over you three different times of what do you like about it?
SPEAKER_L: I think it's really cool and I like to see the patterns and also see the unpredictability of everything and yeah, try to try to forecast and try to rate stocks. It's just, it's fun.
SPEAKER_R: That's so interesting. I always hear of stocks is something that it's kind of niche, like, you know, you really need to study it and learn it. So it's interesting that that's something you find fun. Be able to study things that people pull their hair out, trying to figure out you're having fun, just kind of watching like yeah, this is cool. Okay, have you been successful in or do you just kind of watch them?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, a little bit of both. Um, I've taken, I'm in college right now so I've taken a few finance electives and I'm just here not stressing out about it cause I'm not a business major, but it's just, I've had, I have a small portfolio of my own, but I joined a investment group on campus and we have some real funds in the market right now that we're, we're balancing and it's been pretty good. Yeah, still preliminary stages. So we'll have to see.
SPEAKER_R: Even in today's market, you're doing well?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, A lot of health care and um, we were lucky we got the jump on fighter and then we sold so like 8% in one day and then we sold it all and got some games
SPEAKER_R: Snag
SPEAKER_L: on that
SPEAKER_R: any of those web based like the what is a Skype or?
SPEAKER_L: is there?
SPEAKER_R: Uh zoom bingo. That's the one I was looking for. That's smart, that's where the that was where the smart money was right in the beginning of this whole
SPEAKER_L: But.
SPEAKER_R: thing. Like if you figured out that or you were investing and jumping on that, whether I can imagine be a huge boon, Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Even amazon did really well in the past quarter.
SPEAKER_R: I can imagine they have everybody pretty much going to hermit just living off amazon. But that's cool, awesome l
SPEAKER_L: about you have any other hobbies?
SPEAKER_R: baking and cooking. So
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I love, I got into making bread before the whole fad started with, everyone was like snatching up the yeast, so I was really frustrated by that. So I was just like, what the hell? Everyone I've been doing this before. It was cool now also, and I can't, it's gone. But um yeah, I really enjoy just I'm amateur. I don't have any classical education or whatnot, but I do most of the cooking down because it's fun for me versus you know, it being a chore like it used to be. Um But I may I don't need a recipe anymore, as far as bread or making pizza. What I made last pizza I made was I made the sausage, I made the dough, I made the sauce, I cheated and had uh, some cheese put on to it. But I'm a weird allergy. I can't have anything from a cow, so none of the meat, none of the dairy, but I can have like go to milk and stuff like that still. Um, so I had some goat cheddar that I was able to put onto it. But I've once, I, I guess that that health dip in 2000 and nine, I mentioned earlier, I started making a lot of my own food because I just had, you know, way as in so many things that you wouldn't realize those and like why is there milk in these vinegar, salt and vinegar chips? That makes no sense. Why did you do that? But like learning that, I just figured, you know, I'm just gonna, if I want something nice and I have to cook it myself and then it, the vegan craze haven't really kicked on yet, so there wasn't a whole lot of just like ready to go options hanging out there, as far as different cheeses. Now I can go and pretty much any local store I pick and there's going to be some sort of option for that to
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: go, which I was like, thanks guys, I appreciate jay pushing at this. Like, I'm not a vegan by any stretch, but I definitely appreciate y'all's desserts and, uh, the cheeses and whatnot. Um, but uh, yeah, like doing that, I've experimented with candies for a couple of times. Um, my earlier experimentations were much, much came out, much better, just like candy glazes and stuff like that. There's a process you can do where you heat and melt the sugar and then a piece of fruit with it and it kind of looks like it's got a magnifying glass coating on the outside of the fruit
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty.
SPEAKER_R: and it turns into a really cool edible display and little candy pops with actual fruit in them. Um Those are pretty cool. Um Eyes and cinnamon rolls. Um May range of different those. Yeah. Um Got a immersion blender for my birthday recently, so I've been uh that's why I got made the sausage with that. I made a vegan creme Berlet using peaches persimmons. Um I ended up getting one of those little uh no to cream uh what cream dispenser things and I've made a couple of different juices and things with that as well. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I find when I get stressed I'll retreat to the kitchen and I can eight hours a day off just cooking and then cleaning up after that and making something else and then cleaning up after that and then coming back and then putting it all together and making some big fancy dinner with fancy dessert afterwards. And I'm smart about it clean up after that before I serve it as well. That way I don't
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: end up getting like the food Coban then looking at the pile of dishes and being like do I really need, you don't really need to cook this elaborately on a regular basis but
SPEAKER_L: Have you dabbled
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: with different types of cuisines front? Hmm.
SPEAKER_R: I go a couple of different areas. Uh I like my curries a lot. So I'll do a lot of different types of curry, chicken curry, fish curry, potato curry um chick be um crock pot or just like stovetop depending on how much time I have. Um I have my rice wine, my mirren, my rice wine vinegar and soy sauce. Now build you my usual or oyster sauce and fish sauce. I'll
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: build different saw uh um I usually just say asian because it's a mix of japanese and chinese kind of influence in uh influences on it. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mr work
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: well a lot of dirty.
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: It must work well because they don't eat a ton of dairy so you can
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, foe was my big thing like when I came across that uh there's one restaurant that I've ever bought it from and I just, I'm so loyal to them, I won't get it anywhere else but that one place, so I have to travel back up to where my parents live and if I ever actually want to buy it. But we have we have a couple of markets down here like a 10 a. That has the different components and spices that I can get. So
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I can
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: actually make my own home and have the authentic spices for it and have the right taste. Take a little while to build that up. But yeah, that's what I end up any time I feel sick or I feel like I can't eat or don't have any sort of appetite. That's, that's my go to, I'll just start building a nice little full broth and adding what depending on how my stomach is feeling, just planned with onions or just have a little bit of taken in there. But since I can't do the beef anymore, that's limited that because they use only beef stock at their restaurant.
SPEAKER_L: that's what, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So um I haven't been able to actually have that for quite a while, but it's just like I know that that's the way to do it, it's great. I've had the actual like getting the bone slices and making the bone broth to start it off with and doing it right the whole nine yards, it's fantastic that way. Um But I uh yeah, typically if I'm going to kick with a chicken bone, I might as well leave the meat and stuff on there too, and I'll, you know, just start the base with that fry the onions for the lemongrass and fry the ginger and then putting the chicken and turn the heat down so they're just like renders everything out of it and that kind of slowly throw into the other stuff and depending on what I have and where I'm going with it. Um but I always end up with like super complicated, multi, multi ingredient soups because I just got myself a couple of really nice um chef knives and ever since I had those, I just, I love, I just love chopping things up now, so on with like real confetti pieces of food in there. So I have like little, tiny squares of potato and carrot and onion in there, and it's like this perfect little mesh, I chop up on it. Um Yeah, feel like I could talk drone on about the
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: mundane aspects of chopping up foods and kitchen for quite a while. Um Yeah, how about yourself, do you more about buys? You go or do you do any of your own cooking or anything meal perhaps?
SPEAKER_L: not not a lot of take out so I like to you and I like to explore a ton of different cuisines especially being so close to boston there's a good variety but I do not have any chef skills or time management skills in the kitchen so it's yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool though, at least you're close enough to a big enough city to be able to have a variety of things, you can go out and scoop up and and still meet that, but the adventurous palette, you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: different things and finding them. Um That's the beauty. I live close to Richmond in Virginia as well, and that's one of two places I grew up in northern, or grew up, I spent about half my childhood in northern Virginia and half in California, but I didn't really feel like I met anybody that are related to until I got down to Richmond. Um Okay, a lot of uh lot more eclectic combination of people down in Richmond. Um I like the more college educated group population, I feel like I get along with them a little bit better than the my northern neighbors. Um Just also less boring, you know, it's a college town, so there's more things to do. There's like you said, different shops and different restaurants that are popping up. So I'd always like to keep an eye out and see that if there's anything doing coming up. Um but with everything being as uh limited as it is these days, I'm not sure how the, how much the shutdown is affecting you or your at, but um, pretty much after 10 pm, you can't, there's no public things going on anymore at this point, everything's shut down. It's definitely, they very much enforce the mask regulations now, which is nice because they weren't in the beginning, it was like, it just put a little sticker up and that would be it. And then you walk in and you know, three out of five people don't have a mask on and you're looking around like, um, okay, well I'm just going to put mine on and be extra quick in here really quick. I don't want to not trying to get into any sort of altercation man, I'm wearing this to try to reduce the risk of spreading it, whether it's something that's going to take me out or not, just,
SPEAKER_L: Did it
SPEAKER_R: but I just figured, you know, it's not a little bit of discomfort around my ears is worth
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: stop it from spreading them to someone They can't really that's a more vulnerable population.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. We're pretty pretty pretty good up here. There's a lot of people who are taking it seriously which is nice. Not a ton of not a ton of anti maskers up here so maybe up in new Hampshire but not enough reports.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say with the Free State project going on up in New Hampshire, I can imagine that the libertarians, there's lots of people are like, no, right, you can't protect me, stop trying to protect me. Uh
SPEAKER_L: my school is all online so I'm actually I'm at school in L. A. So normally
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty cold.
SPEAKER_L: not right now I'm doing it online which is yeah
SPEAKER_R: Well, so like uh what is that? You ve L. A.
SPEAKER_L: I'm at USC yeah
SPEAKER_R: okay. Um wow. So they sent you normally you stay over there and they sent you home and then put you online for the classes.
SPEAKER_L: everyone's online they tried to do uh some really experience based classes in person such as the dance class or filmography, cinematic arts whatever. But don't even do that this they didn't get county approval from L. A. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I suppose it's kind of hard to have people in a single room breathing heavily and moving around exerting themselves with.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but we couldn't even get science labs where other where other counties in California could but
SPEAKER_R: that's mm I feel like in a science lab you have people that are specifically like taking precautions and understand that the the the value.
SPEAKER_L: now before covid right and gloves, goggles and all that stuff so it's just it's just so bad right now.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? It is,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's getting I think they had it was either saturday or sunday the single worst day in terms of cases and sometime in august so there yeah lot of people
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: not following anything and.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, We haven't had a small spike I think, um here in Virginia, but we've fortunately, you know, northam being a doctor is like our governor is very, very quick to be like, uh like I'm seeing the trends coming up here, We're just going to go ahead and shut this down now before it gets too bad. So fortunately we haven't had any of our hospitals maxed out, whereas north Carolina just down uh just across the border, They're not doing so hot. Um Actually, uh, the other person I was able to talk with in this study was from north Carolina. So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: would.
SPEAKER_R: was interesting to feel that activates with. Yeah, I don't know how many times you've tried to or you've been a participant here. This is my fourth or 4th try. So before I've had No, this is my fifth try. Um and two people, you have the second conversation I've had out of five tries. So uh that's why I was kind of like, okay, well, you know, I'm gonna go here, I'm gonna log in, I'll be ready and just
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: kind of from where you have my wet hair on and whatnot. But and then of course you were actually here this time,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: so all right, well, pretend I do this on purpose.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I wonder what makes people sign up and not not show up.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, man. I'm like, they say to wait for five minutes, I waited for 10 minutes each time. And because I'm like, It's an easy $15, 1st of all, in like, second of all, like I'm socially starved right now. Like I love the idea of being able to have a random conversation for 25 minutes and yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Greg breaks up the day pretty pretty nicely. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Like, I mean for me right now, it gives me something to put on my radar. That's another reason why I keep signing back up for it afterwards because like they are very responsive. So each time I've signed up by that evening I get another appointment and then it's usually the next day that the appointment is. So um I got I think I'm allowed to do it one more time but I don't know if they counted the times that I wasn't actually having a conversation as a turn but it said up to six turns that you're allowed to go through it so. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: I mess with them about that and he said seven actual conversations so I'm not really sure what what the deal is. But
SPEAKER_R: Hey I like that appraising though, that's what he told you that that's what I'm going with.
SPEAKER_L: but you could also message them just to double check and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'll follow I've sent them a message a couple of times but through like the message or app where they send you the links through but I haven't actually like gone through the the message or contact the researcher link that's
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: actually are prolific. So I'll to shoot them an email after this one. Okay. Uh huh. Cool. So you're gonna try to get another appointment then?
SPEAKER_L: Probably. Yeah we'll see. I have a busy week. It's finals week because there they're trying to make everything end before thanksgiving so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are they still doing the same like vacations and went out for
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Ben? Thanksgiving? Like time off, even though,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so it's instead of a three weight three week break that usually starts mid december we're starting at friday And we're going to have until January 15 basically. So yeah come on.
SPEAKER_R: they're like, yeah, let's let's take advantage of this, take a, take a vacation everybody else. I mean, you're home already, but still, you know,
SPEAKER_L: It wasn't great because they crammed 16 weeks of classes into 13 weeks so
SPEAKER_R: ouch
SPEAKER_L: R 14 weeks or something like that but it's just
SPEAKER_R: how I mean, I always have trouble like keeping up with how much at work they put into their week before they started scratching them down and compacting it. Um I went through uh IT tech back when they were a thing, I don't think they actually have any physical locations anymore. Um and looking back on it, it was very much an easier process than going to a real college because they weren't a real college. They were
SPEAKER_L: What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: masquerading as a college. So I ended up, you know, I went there, got my to your associates degree, but when I got my diploma first, I I had to fight them in order to not walk across the stage because I didn't want to actually do that part of it. So they charged me $100 to not walk across the stage.
SPEAKER_L: Well what?
SPEAKER_R: And uh I found the principal, the or the dean, whichever you call her at that point, it kind of switch titles. A lot should have concrete. There are policies were there, but I asked her for the my diploma so I could just head to head out and she takes me to A little abandoned wing of this college. Mind you, it's a one story building that's got maybe 30 fruit classrooms in it to begin with. But this little tiny wing was never used. She opens up this door that's like stack
SPEAKER_L: I didn't
SPEAKER_R: two
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: rooms stacked
SPEAKER_L: to try and get
SPEAKER_R: up these boxes from top to bottom, all of them the same size. And she moves a couple of rounds, she blows a bunch of dust
SPEAKER_L: I teach
SPEAKER_R: away.
SPEAKER_L: them
SPEAKER_R: She rips one of these things open, digs a little bit and pulls my diploma out. I'm like, wait, what did you print that thing like two years ago when I applied here and just had it sitting in this room ever since. And she just kind of laughed like that handed it to me and said, all right, congratulations.
SPEAKER_L: they are.
SPEAKER_R: I was like, oh man, but they, they hooked me with a job right out of it. So I was like, you know, at first I was like, okay, well this is cool, this is nice. And then I realized that await education wasn't the actual focus of what I went through. That's why my physic teacher was so exasperated because no one was learning anything. We had a fast
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: tracked. We had a set amount of time that we had. There was no just going back and talking about and and working things out, but I think I've got 25 minutes here, long enough 27
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah but it was great to meet you and try
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you as well, festive luck with everything and half up there.
SPEAKER_L: write a great week