Hello. How's it going?
Yeah, yeah, I can.
Doing well, thanks, how about yourself?
no worries. Yeah,
I won't go.
It's do you like to be outdoors a lot? Is that something?
Yeah,
A little bit. I like to snowboard, but besides that I'm not super outdoorsy, I don't not love hiking or anything like that, but I'll do it
with my friends.
What?
Take a lift or helicopter or something like that.
Yeah, sometimes you have to hike for a little bit, but it's usually not more than maybe half a mile or something.
Are you still in southern California or?
Mm.
Well,
definitely.
Yeah, I'm up in massachusetts, so sometimes we'll go up to new Hampshire, Vermont or even maine and drive around and there's beautiful foliage.
mm. No, I was done. I really like investing.
Yeah. It's
a warning passionate.
I think it's really cool and I like to see the patterns and also see the unpredictability of everything and yeah, try to try to forecast and try to rate stocks. It's just, it's fun.
Yeah, a little bit of both. Um, I've taken, I'm in college right now so I've taken a few finance electives and I'm just here not stressing out about it cause I'm not a business major, but it's just, I've had, I have a small portfolio of my own, but I joined a investment group on campus and we have some real funds in the market right now that we're, we're balancing and it's been pretty good. Yeah, still preliminary stages. So we'll have to see.
Yeah, yeah, A lot of health care and um, we were lucky we got the jump on fighter and then we sold so like 8% in one day and then we sold it all and got some games
on that
is there?
But.
Even amazon did really well in the past quarter.
about you have any other hobbies?
No.
And
that's pretty.
Whoa.
Hello?
Have you dabbled
with different types of cuisines front? Hmm.
And
Mr work
well a lot of dirty.
It must work well because they don't eat a ton of dairy so you can
You
know,
that's what, yeah.
I'm
not not a lot of take out so I like to you and I like to explore a ton of different cuisines especially being so close to boston there's a good variety but I do not have any chef skills or time management skills in the kitchen so it's yeah
and
definitely.
Did it
definitely.
Uh huh. We're pretty pretty pretty good up here. There's a lot of people who are taking it seriously which is nice. Not a ton of not a ton of anti maskers up here so maybe up in new Hampshire but not enough reports.
my school is all online so I'm actually I'm at school in L. A. So normally
not right now I'm doing it online which is yeah
I'm at USC yeah
everyone's online they tried to do uh some really experience based classes in person such as the dance class or filmography, cinematic arts whatever. But don't even do that this they didn't get county approval from L. A. So. Yeah.
Yeah but we couldn't even get science labs where other where other counties in California could but
now before covid right and gloves, goggles and all that stuff so it's just it's just so bad right now.
Yeah it's getting I think they had it was either saturday or sunday the single worst day in terms of cases and sometime in august so there yeah lot of people
not following anything and.
I
would.
what
And
yeah I wonder what makes people sign up and not not show up.
Greg breaks up the day pretty pretty nicely. Mhm.
I mess with them about that and he said seven actual conversations so I'm not really sure what what the deal is. But
but you could also message them just to double check and
all
Probably. Yeah we'll see. I have a busy week. It's finals week because there they're trying to make everything end before thanksgiving so yeah.
And
Yeah so it's instead of a three weight three week break that usually starts mid december we're starting at friday And we're going to have until January 15 basically. So yeah come on.
It wasn't great because they crammed 16 weeks of classes into 13 weeks so
R 14 weeks or something like that but it's just
What? Yeah.
Well what?
I didn't
get
to try and get
I teach
them
they are.
You
mm. Yeah but it was great to meet you and try
write a great week