Mhm. Hey. Oh hi, can you hear me
okay? Yeah how's the lighting?
Let me try um switch. Maybe there's that but then there's a window behind me over here so that might be too I could open the side window, I have the lines drawn just because it's hot out and it keeps the little feeler if the windows are not all open. Sorry about that.
Sorry. Uh huh. Yeah little better. Yeah.
Good
good. Yeah how are you doing today? Uh huh.
I'm not too terrible. Yeah. Trying to keep cool. It's been Today is going to get up around 100, it's gonna be over 100 tomorrow. Um after a couple of days it's gonna start dipping down back into the 80s but we've been having a heat wave. So
the pacific northwest um you know right right on the Washington Oregon border sort of up on Mount Adams a little bit so yeah
and
I'm gonna
write
between the western and eastern side so the climate is not quite like you would imagine in Seattle or Portland it's a little bit hotter in the summer so. Yeah.
Yeah. How about you where you at?
Well
O. G.
S. Yeah and it gets humid it's more humid there. It's like a dry heat here. So I think it gets more humid there. Right?
and then you get like I've heard you get like the garbage smell. They're the just the
hot city smell. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah we're out
I'm out in the country so it's you know it's it's not bad at all in that sense. Just fresh
air.
Yeah I do some transcription. I do what I can get some you know if I if I can get translation that's better. Um I do what I can so you know it depends. Um There wasn't a lot of work available at first for a while because of the covid, because you know, nobody, nobody had any work to send out. So um but you know, it's picked back up now so I have some work that I can do. Yeah,
How about you?
jeez
what?
I was basically I worked for a while too, so um I was going to get a job as a research assistant, you know, like a kind of a part time thing, but that fell through basically um you know because it was a grad student who's going to hire me then everybody, you know like somebody's gonna hire you, they have to have money and if nobody has money to hire you, then it's like a chain of events, right? So same translation, you know, it costs money for people to hire you to translate stuff and if they don't have money from their job to hire you to do that then so and it's the same with transcription right? Because that that stuff comes from you know companies usually or businesses or yada yada so if those were mostly shut down because of the pandemic then they weren't sending transcription work to the transcription company so there would just be nothing available for a while. But then you know I think it started picking up as people as they started getting more set up with remote work and they you know there was they were kind of functioning morgan so what kind of contracting?
Uh I would imagine that would be almost unemployment proof.
huh.
Uh huh.
Weird.
How'd you get into I. T.
Of course
Where do you teach english?
Uh huh. Cool. Yeah I've heard that um you know it's I've heard of the jet program like you can do that in Japan and I imagine you know it's pretty in demand in in places like Thailand
and Taiwan too.
Yeah I've considered it I'm like I'm actually
thinking about going into computer related field, I was actually in graduate school in the humanities and I left that for various reasons. Um
Which that never pans out for people anyway get a PhD in Islamic languages and literature, there's no job openings so even if I did get the PhD you know everybody else is in the same boat but um so I've considered going into that I'm like teaching myself some coding and stuff I figure you know while I have extra time on my hands so um
just like python, html CSS that kind of stuff so we'll see where it goes. But yeah,
I've heard about the Jet programme, it seems like it could be could be interesting, you know?
Why should you?
Oh yeah, Well it's the same with Russian, like, I know Russian, um but they like if they're going to hire an interpreter, you know, they're gonna definitely gonna hire somebody who's native bilingual over somebody who learned it as an adult. You know, like somebody who who spoke both growing up, if they can find somebody like that, then they're going to hire them for interpreting interpreting. So I don't really haven't done that. And especially, I remember being in grad school and somebody was like, oh, what about medical interpreting? That's good money. And I'm like, shit, no way, man. Like, that's like your somebody's life is possibly on the line if you mess up the interpreting, you know, like, no, no,
the left kidney. No, not that I don't know left from right, but you know what I mean? Uh
and then I also know like polish german Ukrainian, um, a little bit of Yiddish, but like, yeah, but when I do translation, I do like written translation, so not really
interpretation so much. So I translate mostly mostly Russian to english because Russian is my best foreign language. Um, and I think, you know, as far as translation goes, I personally think almost always it's best to hire a translator who is translating something into their native language, you know what I mean? Because it's going to be like, you don't like you want the english translation to be native english, you know, like you don't want it to sound awkward. So like, I think that's the more important. I mean obviously you need to accurately understand the Russian but you also want it to be like a fluid english native translation. So in
my
time,
and like I wouldn't feel comfortable translating into Russian, like
because it's not my native language, it wouldn't probably be the great, you know, it wouldn't read like somebody who's native language was Russian translating, you know, it would just wouldn't read the same, it wouldn't be as good. So
I mean it depends if it was like I have done just like documents where it's like if somebody needs like I think I've translated english to polish and maybe Vice were like it's um or if it's like a short news article, I did I did some volunteer work for a refugee organization um or I think I translate, I know I did some um english to Russian and Russian to english because people would need like evidence for their refugee files and stuff, but that's, you know, that's more like a short informational thing as opposed to like, you know, an academic book or something like a whole big manuscripts or like documents of like um just like immigration documents or you know, historical little documents or blah blah blah, like shorter things that are more informational as opposed to like kind of long, you know, manuscripts that are kind of more contextual I guess, or more. Yeah.
Um I don't, what do you mean by that? Like?
no,
I
haven't
done that,
no,
I don't know, just like specifically that hasn't come up for me to translate now. Um Well I have um I've helped out a friend of mine named Poland with a lot of stuff. Uh one of them, I don't think it was exactly that, but like application type stuff or assignments in english, but that's less so like translating it for him and more just like he would want to make sure his, his english was good enough, you know? So
yeah, I think I might have translated some stuff, but mostly just proof reading this is english is pretty good.
Mr
yeah, oh shit, sorry, I want to turn my phone off or the ringer off Yeah, and then german, I picked up, you know in grad school um kind of I well you need to have a research language, so like a language you at least have reading knowledge of to, you know, because sometimes usually people choose french or german just like because there might be articles you need to read in another language, so it just helps
with that. Um and then I
just, I decided to learn to speak german just kind of for the hell of it and I spent time in Berlin and stuff. So I took some german classes for fun because
that's my idea of fun.
no, no german actually english and german are in the same language family. English is a dramatic language, although it's so bastardized with so much latinate vocabulary that, but the basic um
radical structure of it is Germanic although it's lost all of the um a lot of
them more complicated grammatical stuff for historical reasons and uh but and also like the more basic vocabulary is still recognizably Germanic like house in english house and in Germany's house like you know in english, his brother and in german is buddha, you know like so sort of in most languages the most frequently used vocabulary that those are the words that tend to remain the most stable across time. So they're the ones that tend to be more common throughout the languages and a family because they don't diverge as much, you know? So yeah, but, but but english also has just so much, so many over layers of, because it was, you know, the romans came in and the and the Normans came in, the french came in, that these people came in, the danes came in, you know, so there was just like, and then it imports all these words from latin and other languages and so yeah, and the spelling is all kinds of messed up because of the french influence and and lots of different stuff. I had a, I know somebody who made a joke once. Whoa, where'd you go? You disappeared?
Oh, I just can't see you anymore. I don't know why.
Okay, okay, I can hear you. That's weird. I didn't touch anything. Yeah.
Weird weird. Um My
camera's on. Let me scroll down and see what happened here. I don't see anything that happened. I see a pair of headphones and I see pretend person. Um I wonder what
happened if I tried refreshing. That might ended the conversation though. I don't know. Wait.
Oh there I see you now. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway. Um So yeah I had a friend who made a joke once that english is his base is a is german written in french. Uh huh. But yeah.
So what how did you like teaching english? Did you like it?
Right. It's more like something you do for a while. Thank
you.
Stable career. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I've taught Russian and I really enjoyed teaching Russian. Um I mean I was teaching at the college students and also uh you know, it was like I had learned Russian, so I was familiar with all of how to explain everything, like all of the grammatical construction constructs and I had learned all that stuff from classes. Right? So I feel like that was, whereas with english, it's like, I don't know how to explain this shit. I mean, I think I feel like would have to learn how to teach english, you know what I mean? Um
you just, it's
like, yeah,
especially
the weird things, it's like, well why is it like this? It's like, I don't know why is the sky blue, you know, like in my hand, like there are reasons just Yeah.
An english american english has a lot of weird idioms. I don't know, have you ever heard of this guy flew a borg? He's a german guy on youtube
lula F L U L. A. He got famous on Youtube doing these and this was a while ago videos where he would like complain about american idioms that he didn't understand. Like shooting fish in a barrel is a really fair in 21. He's like, why is it shooting fish in a barrel? It's like you have, and he goes on this whole rand. But he's like, because it's supposed to be something that's easy, but he just doesn't understand the whole, like I already have the fish. I don't understand why
I already have the fish here, why I need to put them put the fish in a barrel and then shoot those like, but he's funnier about it, you know?
But if I think about, I mean shooting fish in a barrel, like to think about the idiom, it doesn't even make sense to me really for some to mean something that's easy.
it's like oh yeah it's like shooting fish in a barrel, you know it means something that's easy to do. Yeah
it's so weird.
So
I don't think like as a it's a weird way to put it and be like I don't think shooting fish in a barrel would even be that easy. I mean like
maybe catching fish in a barrel. I don't know. But
so what are you up to today? Just working?
You always want to do the continuing education? Yeah. I'm trying to um you know the transcription stuff it's like for the like when you think about how much you're actually making per hour, it's kind of depressing especially for how you know kind of demanding the work is. So I'm looking at trying to look at you know jobs that are hiring remote workers right now. Um But I mean the market is so tough right right now, I mean
with unemployment
so high and especially everybody wants to work from home so it's like yeah
I don't
Yeah, I'm on linkedin but I never really learned how to use it or what it is good for. I don't know, I mean I guess it connects to you with like networking or whatever but I never really got into
it, I don't know.
Yeah, I just look at like indeed and job websites like that you know like I pretty much just search for remote work and see what comes up. Yeah. Um
When
read
it really?
And there's I mean there's craigslist but I don't know who still posts anything on there.
I
have found like gigs on Craig's list if you go on there. Especially when I was still living in the Portland Metro area, like Portland Vancouver, you can find, you know like just like gigs. Um When and that's pretty, pretty simple. I wouldn't worry about that. I found
like paid like study or like paid research types. Like you can go and like wine, do wine tasting and get paid like 50 bucks or like random stuff like that. He just kind of scroll through the gigs every once in a while, so baska.
I mean it's like and there was another like research study, it was like, it was like a smoking one and I think I made like $150 on that. It was like a couple different sessions. So yeah, I don't know if you're gonna get a little hustles on there sometimes.
No, I'm from out here and from out here in the country, I'm actually staying with my mom right now for a couple of reasons, but one reason that it's great to be out here right now, that's the middle of nowhere, like, there have been three deaths in this county from Covid and just very low active case count right now, so it's like, that's, that's great, you know, and what I was doing for work there, I'm doing for work now, so, you know, it's as, as, as far as there is work, so, you know, like, so
I'm
just staying
here
for
now
and what's in it?
I was living in Vancouver Yeah, until about february more, somewhere around there, I came out here, so, but, and you know, I might go back there, I'm kind of thinking about the midwest, like Madison, I have a bunch of friends in the midwest because I lived out there for um I lived in ann arbor michigan for six years and I have a bunch of friends in Madison Wisconsin. Just coincidentally a bunch of friends from college landed there and I have a friend from grad school who is there? I have friends in Chicago. So honestly, like, even though I'm from the northwest, like I have more friends and more of a network in the midwest than I do here. So, you know, the climate sucks though. That's, that's one
compared
to here. Yeah.
What?
Oh yeah, the winters man. Yeah, it feels like that. I mean they don't actually last for eight months, but sometimes it feels like it, you know,
like
we
And you get that below zero. You walk outside and your nose hairs freeze, hurts to breathe like Yeah.
Uh there is here because I'm up at a higher elevation elevation. I'm up on the mountains. Um I'm also a little further east. So yeah, we get winters. Um we get snow. It doesn't we don't get that like frigid like you get in the midwest, you know like um and and it doesn't really get as cold as it did when I was a kid when I was a kid every year without fail. We get snow so many wonders. I mean we still get snow every year but we used to always get like feet of snow and you know all the the winter stuff. We've had a couple of crazy winters, you know, in the past past years. But um Yeah, I know, but but there is winter, I mean it gets cold enough to snow, it gets cold, you know, it lasts for a while, but it's nothing like you know Chicago
or or you know like some
place
like
that and then shorter like the cold part is shorter like
that. But I mean it'll get down in the twenties during the day, it might get in the teens at night. But you know it's not you don't get below zero almost. That's really rare. That pretty much doesn't happen. So Yeah.
No
you need a nice you need a good coat. But
It looks like we're at 225 so And my clock says 4 1425.
What?
Yeah it's I use Lennox so it's it's on the 24 hour clock and I can't figure out how to set it to just AM PM. I don't know that you can set the system time to AM PM because it shows the system the system clock on top. So.
I'd have to
look at that problem.
Alright.
Uh
let you go.
same here. Yeah take care enjoy the rest of your day
frank