Yes I can hear you hear me.
Uh It's a bit gloomy on your side.
Norris.
it's good
it's good
too bad. Just trying to keep busy. Uh yourself?
Yeah whereabouts whereabouts are you?
okay
I
didn't
mean.
you know
I'm in
new york city and we're having yeah we're having a heat wave as well. Yeah we're near the hundreds so trying
to keep
Yeah it's more human over here so. Yeah.
the
indeed yes the garbage snow is uh it's horse is by far the worse in the summer.
No.
so you're working
from home these days?
that's good yeah it's good to get to get to hear let's pick it up.
Well I was actually working like contracting just before the Covid hit and then they shut down all the offices. Yeah
I was
pretty much out of work out of work since. Yeah.
I was in like I. T. Business applications you know doing my group supporting the supporting the application so.
Uh Yeah I mean a lot of H. R. S. Holding onto the holding onto the openings and they're actually hiring so I don't know really.
Uh Yeah.
Yeah there's opening
just I don't know they haven't filled them so I don't know you're done
I studied like computers and like networking and all that kind of stuff
back in school. So I left shortly after I graduated and then I worked for about like six months and I decided to take a different path. I went into like education became an english teacher overseas and now now I'm back I'm kind of back here and I'm doing trying to get back into my original career path. Yeah
I talk a little bit in Thailand, Hong kong and Taiwan
all
yeah, the camp program has been around for a long time now, so it's a credible programs to me if you do want to give it a shot. Yeah, I think they, they're still looking for teachers in Japan, I don't know, but now, but they always look for teachers, you know
what
and
What?
Well,
well in japan
of the flock, the legal law firms, they hire trans, they need trans translators as well. But mainly I guess japanese to a different thing by two different actually, I guess you can go japanese anyway.
What?
yeah, you can get, can get intense. So you speak, you speak Russian as your second language, well, that's cool.
huh.
want to
be like
this out of context, you know what happens? Yeah
go on.
Mhm. So the same, the same for saying goes as for german you when you went off, you wouldn't translate to german
Do you have you done a letter like something like a letter of intent or like academics,
like someone applying for like a PhD program? They need they need uh you know, maybe their native language was grooming
and
they
needed
they needed
an english is not bad enough, they needed in english?
it's a proof proof reading it.
Mhm. Yeah. So you studied
a huge uh Slavic languages during your awesome
No.
All
no.
Uh huh. Yeah. So how do you like uh do like learning german learning Russian, is it? They're not in the same language family? Right.
huh.
What?
I'm still here.
Oh did you flick off? Hold on.
Yeah my camera is still on, its still flashing so
And
wherever.
Uh Okay. Can you do you? Oh if you hold on sure. Truck.
it's funny. Mhm.
Oh I loved it. It's I mean it's not really much of a career per se.
I would
say it's good to get out like you know you're a bit too late 20s doing that kind of thing and then Kind of your 30s you need I want to look until like a more stable
but yeah I enjoyed I had a blast pretty much both in Hong kong and Taiwan. Yeah I have nothing to complain about.
because it's like you were a native we don't actually learn all the rules of the system.
All
Yeah you just you just speak it and then
you basically have to,
and sometimes it's like you have like a brain freeze. We're trying to explain like a like an idiom or even a word you kind of use the same word, you use the same word to define. Yeah it's part. Okay.
No what's his name again?
what?
Yeah. Uh Yeah I guess I can get a lot of people watching that. You get
Does it does it mean it's something is easy but what is it what is it?
With all of that one
you really thought? I
never thought.
No. Yeah.
like yeah. Fish shooting fish.
Yeah. Not much. Just started trying to self study. You operate myself. So when I'm, you know, there's a job interview or there's apply for, I'd be ready for it because I mean I've been out of the field for so long so I'm probably lacking lacking in some areas. I'm not all.
It's
love.
Mhm. It's extremely
slow. Like I'm on linkedin, I am trying out the the what we call it the premium because you can try it out for free, right? The first month I get nothing out of it. Like other than like using it for the the continuing and stuff hard to get. Mhm.
Well,
so yeah, I find just based on that, I find it and I also apply outside of it, you know, and other on other websites.
Read
it and it also has job boards to read it.
You might get.
Yeah, I heard.
Yeah, that one is, I'm a little iffy about priceless. I don't
know.
fact.
post that kind of work on craigslist wine tasting. Oh.
Yeah. So you were born in, born and raised in Portland?
so you
were
living,
they
were
living
the metro, like the actual
like
go off
in Milwaukee
Wisconsin there, Wisconsin.
Yeah, it's
about
a good six months purple shit.
So you don't really Oh, there's no really no real winter where you are Right, There's no winner.
what?
He gets
bigger
snow?
I would like that.
Yeah. You don't even need a park cut right
out.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Are we? How much time are running at right now?
14
25.
Oh I think you can. I just don't remember the this is something
that
man who I just don't I haven't used it in a long time. Okay. I
guess. Yeah.
It was nice
chatting with you.
You too. Mhm. Challenge.