Well that,
hey, how are you doing?
I'm doing good. Uh What's your name?
Nice to meet you. Where are you from?
Oh hi, okay, I'm from san Jose California.
Oh yeah, yeah, it is getting a little warm here. Uh Is it pulled over there?
Okay, cool. Do you guys get snow over there? Yeah.
Okay. Okay, that's cool. Are you in like Cincinnati or you?
Okay. Very cool, very cool. Uh Yeah
so
Oh no, go for it, go for it.
No, no, we got like no snow, it's like once in 10 years we get snow
and
it's like for a day, so it's kind of nice.
Um But yeah, I've never lived in the snow, so I don't know how it's how the day to day is, you know? Yeah, but we get you know rain, we got hail sometimes, we got a lot of sun during
the summer. Uh But yeah, are you working right now?
I
know, I know, yeah, it's crazy, it's crazy. Um Okay so you've just been doing like focus groups and stuff like that?
Mhm. Nice. Yeah, I work part time remotely doing marketing um
but I'm also you know doing the whole focus group thing too because I'm at home might as well. Um So and I'm also selling on Ebay, I'm just like yeah I just started selling on Ebay because this is just a bunch of random stuff in my house,
so I was like might as well just get rid of all this stuff and trying to make some money off of it.
clean
the house might as well. Yeah. Okay cool. Um How old are you?
Okay, cool. I'm 21. Yeah.
I just yeah, I just graduated college last december. Yeah, so I got my degree in marketing just started uh you know looking for jobs and got a part time job. So it worked out
It is,
it is before I wasn't remote, but now I am, it's kind of nice. It's very convenient. Um Yeah, how about you? Did you go to college?
Okay. Nice. Um yeah, I took a hotel management class. I know that like there's a night auditor, were you the night auditor?
dang,
that
sounds cool. Yeah. Nice. Okay. Yeah. Um Do you watch netflix or anything, do you want to do for fun?
Okay. Nice. Um Yeah, I'm currently watching community on
netflix.
Yeah, have you seen it?
Okay. Nice. Yeah, I'm just watching it for the first time. It's amazing. Um
and I'm watched, yeah, so I'm on like season four I think. Um Yeah,
I was watching like Joel mchale and ken jong. They just started a new podcast, so I was listening to them too. Um
Yeah, and then let's see. I heard Lucifer was really good. I watched, I watched bleach I think the first like 120 episodes or something, like way back in the day. Super
good. Yeah, let's see. Okay, cool. What games do you play?
Okay. Nice. Yeah, I played a bunch of like RPgs growing up. I don't know if you're familiar with like Maple Story or like the tail.
yeah, I played that for years as a kid. Um and then I played Final Fantasy too. Uh not too, but to, you know, yeah, on the Xbox, I forget which one it was. But yeah, those, those games are fun. For sure. Yeah. Uh just been so busy. I want to get a switch soon to start playing. Yeah.
Yeah, what do you play on?
Yeah.
Okay. Sweet. Yeah, that sounds really, yeah, I heard good things about Mario odyssey, I'm
like
okay. Yeah, I love Rpgs, those are fun. I'm currently playing Mario Kart tour on
my phone. I don't know if you've heard of it?
Yeah, it's pretty fun, I'm not gonna lie, it's pretty fun because it's like constantly updates.
So like every two weeks there is like a new tour and then um so you just, it's very nostalgic because I used to play Mario Kart a lot
as a kid. So um it's really nice, it's just on your phone and then every two weeks there's a new update, new like tour, so it's a lot of fun. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, that was me with like the DS one, I forget which one it was. Yeah. Yeah and then high school came, the college came and got too busy, but uh, yeah, that's how it goes. Um, where did you go to college?
Do you want to stay in Ohio or do you want
to like venture Al?
Yeah. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I might, I might move out of California. It's way
it is. It's so expensive. Especially where I'm at, it's like Silicon Valley area. So like the housing is just like crazy. So I'm looking into maybe Oregon. I think the Civic Northwest would be really cool. Uh huh.
Yeah. And it doesn't snow as much.
I'll get that rain. But have you traveled anywhere in the United States or abroad?
I see him. What did you do today?
I've just been cleaning today honestly. Just been cleaning out a bunch of stuff again with the Ebay thing stratified and you know, stuff to list and organizing everything. Um Yeah. Are we at the same time zone? Is it? What time is it there?
you're
eastern.
Yeah, it's 1:39 right now.
Oh okay. Okay. I don't know my geography to,
well I thought Ohio was like closer
to the west side.
Are
you gonna like east?
Are
going
on?
Yeah. Okay. Got it. Okay. Okay. That's cool. Yeah. Uh
let's see. Um Do you drive?
Okay. That's nice. Yeah. Oh my gosh, you need a car to go anywhere here in san Jose area and
tracks terrible. Tracks terrible. But right now you know, nobody is on the road so it's like super clear so. But how about Cincinnati? Is it like super
busy there?
Okay, that's good. Uh Yeah. Crazy hair. That's why I can want to move. We'll see, we'll see, we'll see, we'll see. But uh yeah, let's see.
Do
you
plan?
Uh No, I don't. I wish I would love I would love a dog, but
yeah, I used to have a dog before and then two dogs. Um Yeah, and goldfish, But you have cats,
Okay, well that's sweet. That's awesome. Um wow. Is it is it hard to take care of all of them?
On
that's us. We do they like are they super friendly with you? They like jump
on your lap?
We
know
on
since
we
that's sweat, wow.
Um
Have you always had cats? Like? Yeah.
Oh, sweet. Yeah, my my brother is a huge cat lover. Yeah, I think all his cat passed away, but he has a couple of bunnies now. Um
Yeah. So yeah, did you watch uh what is the tiger King on a, you know
those kind of cats? Right? You don't have those cats? Uh huh.
my gosh, that's so cool. That is so cool. Um Yeah, I love that, serious. It was hilarious. It was so well done.
sure. For sure, I had to I had to watch it. Um Did you watch that like final episode with Joel Mchale in
an
interview?
Yeah, I like that. Um Do you think carol did it
got to ask?
She had to she had to she had to like all all points to her, honestly.
Oh, like a sardine oil or something. Yeah,
something like that. Yeah. And like in the will, it says in his disappearance, like nobody puts that.
No
one even thought that would even say that. Yeah. It was such a good series. It was hilarious. I just finished it like right away.
wow. Yeah, it's so good. It's so good. Any other like favorite netflix shows, like all time?
I've seen part of it. Yeah, I've seen a couple episodes. Yeah,
The pig one. Uh
it
was like
the first
one. I was like, what am I watching? The pig one? And then I watched that like workout one. Yeah.
Yeah, that was good. Uh I don't remember the rest,
but yeah, I watched a couple for sure. And yeah.
Okay. Yeah, I've watched a couple episodes of breaking bad. I need to get into that. It's such a big commitment. It's like 10, 10 seasons or something. Um
and then what's
that
other one?
is it?
Okay. And then Better Call Saul I heard about it. It's like it's comedy, right?
I love The Office, I don't know,
you know
Office Parks in Iraq worse the
classics.
I've seen The Good Place. That's really good.
Yeah, that's one of my favorites Good Girls is really good. It's about like a bunch of moms that are like broken so they rob a bank. So good and they get this huge like criminal like I don't know it's good, it's really good. Um And what else designated survivor? It's like a political show and
yeah, it's like one of the I don't know, it's like the all of the government dies in like a nuclear bomb and then he's the only survivor left in the government, He's the designated survivor, so he automatically becomes president and so now he has to rebuild everything and then yeah it's pretty good it's because everyone's like underestimates him and then he's able to you know bring everything back. Super good highly recommend. And then
of course
24 I heard of it. Um
Thank you.
I definitely
heard of that. Yeah. Yeah definitely heard of that one. Um Let's see have you heard of the 100? That's
super
game.
It's
so
good.
It's like um okay so there's this uh Planet Earth this is like way into the future. Planet Earth is like non inhabitable anymore so they sent everyone up into space and they're living in this like I don't know this uh this carrier. Um And so there's a bunch of people on there but they are running out resources and so they're running out of oxygen, food water and all that stuff so they wanted to send and they have like this one child policy on on board but some people had more than one kid. And so those kids like got locked up into jail. So um they
were going to because there's not enough resources for everyone so they sent those 100 kids down to earth because they were going to just get rid of them anyways to see if it's still habitable and
so it's habitable and then it's like this whole Lord of the fly situation survival tank. Yeah but it's it's really
good and then it just goes on from there. There's so much it's so good. I don't know if that explanation that it that it did it justice but it's so good. And one of my favorites. Yeah. Yeah. Um
Yeah. I don't know if you read the Lord of the flies like in school.
Yeah. Yeah. So it's like that, it's like that situation where there's a bunch of kids but like they're teenagers like 18. Um and yeah, so good, highly recommend.
Yeah. Let's see. Do you have any other like subscriptions like you or like crime?
Uh Yes. Like a long time ago. A long
time ago.
The cartoon one?
Is
Okay. Nice. Is that the one with the baby Yoda or
is that
the other
one?
Okay. Okay. Yeah. I'm not a big like Star Wars person, but I did watch the clone wars series when it was on like, I think it was on cartoon network. God
I got super instant Star Wars, but just for that I need to see it like the actual like full, you know, one through whatever. Uh
Yeah, you recommend going with 123 or do you want do you recommend going with like 34 and then going back to
one, you know what I mean?
Okay, interesting. Yeah. Yeah, I was so confused because I was like, what? Why is there like?
Okay, that's good because I was like, I'm not gonna watch it until I watched all of the movies, but Okay. Yeah, I cancelled my Disney plus I had it for a couple months and then I was like, I don't know, I don't have time for this right now. And so it was my last semester of college, so I was like, you know what? Let me put this down, let me put it away, so maybe I'll go back, we'll see.
Oh that's
good,
that is so nice. Um Well my college experience was just, it was crazy because with my college um you get charged the same tuition rate no matter how many classes you take. So I just loaded up because I wanted to get out fast and avoid paying soup like a lot. So I was taking like 19 units, everything.
Yeah I didn't 19, 1916, and just like knocked it out. But uh and then just getting there, it's in the middle of san Jose and there's like no parking, The words a little worse. So I had to take public transit there and it took like 40 minutes and I worked on campus, I was there all the time and I'm just I'm just glad I'm going now, I'm just glad it was a good experience but I was glad it's done. Yeah. Oh my gosh, um let's see uh do you have any plans this weekend staying
at home
all
of it?
Oh for sure. For sure. Yeah
I heard. Ohio like
did really well with the response. It's like
one of them.
Yeah. Yeah I feel that. Yeah. Ohio was definitely one of those ones that you know a lot of the news outlet were saying like you guys did really well with your response time with California we got
and
our
I think so yeah. Um but we're we got extended our stay at home order until the end of the month and so
yeah so I don't know why some states are reopening but I get it but I don't but I get it but I don't
but you know a lot of consumers don't feel comfortable to even still go outside and then we can have a second wave and it'll be worse,
you know? I don't know.
So
yeah. So I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But I don't know. I don't
know.
I feel like we can't go back to normal until we have that vaccine or
some
sort
of storm.
Yeah. I think we're they say like 12 months or something like
the quickest. That's like a
year from now.
I
don't know.
That's true. That is so true. So I don't know. I don't know. It's a crazy time. Crazy world we live in right now. Uh
It's insane.
I know. I know it's really bad but hoping for the best, hoping our leaders make the right decisions.
That would be really great if yeah. You know, I'll be amazing. We'll see if that happens. Yeah.
I don't know.
That's about it. Just doing Ebay sales, cleaning up my house, working my part time job and then doing studies. Um, yeah. Are you on like a variety of different platforms or you just
for
allergic
Yeah.
crowds. Okay.
That's cool. Yeah. Um, are you on any others? Yeah.
you're
Yeah, Mario Kart or? Yeah.
Hope.
Okay. Nice. Um, so I'm on a couple
so prolific is one of them. I just have the tab open and then whenever I see something, I just try to fill it out, I'm
on a bunch of links.
I
have
that.
Yes. Yeah, I have that too. Um, I was just about to mention it. Yeah, I have the extension. Um, so that's nice whenever you know that someone
All right. But uh, yeah, I'm on that and it's nice because I have a couple of weekly studies and it's just like it reserves a spot for me so I'm just like I can take my time. Uh
Yeah you got to be lucky with um I am doing a couple of like COVID-19 weekly studies which makes sense. Um I'm also on user interviews. That one is really good
user
interviews. It's like it's like companies that post like um studies that they want to do. It's like a lot of one on one interviews. So I've done stuff where um I just fill out a survey that they want me to do or I'm on like a call with them and they're walking me through their website and I'm just evaluating it.
Um So those are really great. Uh They pay out and usually usually like amazon gift cards or like um so I've gotten like a $60 amazon gift card, $10.1 and then
$100.1. So those are really good but
you know you have to apply to them and kind of takes a while. So yeah I just every morning I just apply to whatever is new user interviews. That one's good, responded
is pretty
good too. But sometimes you need like a work email for it but I definitely have done a couple of on there and it's Paypal um and you get a direct, so pay out kind of takes a while. But you know I just just apply every day and see what I get and then the big one that I do is de Scout. I don't know if you've heard about that one.
I think it's something else but the Scout is like it's on on your phone and then you like apply to difference like surveys or different studies and then it's very like interactive. You are given like missions and then you complete those missions. Like I'm doing one right now where I have to evaluate video quality. So they sent me a link And I had to watch like 400 videos and I would have to rate each one. Like is it good enough? And would I be satisfied
with it with it? There's another one where I had to like talk about my car and there's another one. I had to talk about my smartwatch
and those pray out pretty well like so far I got like I don't know 160
Paypal
and then I'm in a bunch right now. Ones for 81 for 50 once for 1 20. So those are like bigger ones. So highly recommend the Scout if you're if you're not there already. But yeah those are my main ones. Yeah.
Yeah. Those are good. Those are good, Yeah.
Okay.
4.29. Oh, that's right. You're in a different
time zone? No. Yeah.
25 minutes. So I think we're good. I think we're good. Yeah. All right. It was great meeting you. Great talking to you. Very interesting conversation. Yeah,
Yeah. Nice chatting with you. All right. We'll stay safe. Stay
safe.
Check out those apps. All right.
All
right. All right. See you later.