SPEAKER_L: sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I can't recall. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. I'm sorry. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Don't forget about that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. A couple of days. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. See. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, mm hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. I got a chance to have a second. Yeah. Given time connector. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. It's a different thing. Good. She's fine. Every Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. Mhm. Okay. Okay. It's mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hey? Yeah, Everything. Mhm. Mhm. Whoa. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. 100, Italian. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. People. All right. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Want to go. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, country.
SPEAKER_R: wait, let me plug in my ear buds way.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Hey there. I'm in the car. So I hope, I hope it's not the background isn't too crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not hearing anything. Are you getting any background for my fan?
SPEAKER_R: No, no,
SPEAKER_L: No?
SPEAKER_R: not at all. Not at all. All right. Let me find a timer just so we're compliant. Mhm 25
SPEAKER_L: uh
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm gonna set it for 26 just so we have cushion there. Hey, hey.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. So, um, yeah, I'm not sure what we're supposed to do for this, but uh
SPEAKER_R: Just talk about whatever. So where are you?
SPEAKER_L: Um, I'm in North Dakota actually. Where are you? Mm.
SPEAKER_R: So, um, you know how michigan shaped like a mitten? So there's that what they call the thumb area. My husband and I took off this morning, their little light houses and parks on the beach and whatnot. So we went and left and sort of wrapped around part of the thumb and now we're headed home. So we're very fortunate that we go. He says, hi, hi.
SPEAKER_L: hi.
SPEAKER_R: We're fortunate that we actually have internet service because they're big chunks is as, you know, big chunks of the state that don't really get the full internet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I've been in michigan before. Um Yeah, it's pretty, it's pretty rural in some areas, it's really like kind of woodsy um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Actually uh when I was driving through it the first time I was like this feels actually a lot like Wisconsin and you know, kind of like the whole like lakes, you know, region. Um
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: the Dells, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: like that area, so
SPEAKER_R: Where are you in, in a city or?
SPEAKER_L: yep, I'm in um so it's called the Red River Valley and there's a place called um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Grand Forks, that's where I am and it's like one of the third or it's like the third biggest city in North Dakota, obviously we're pretty rural, pretty small, so it's not really saying much, but um yeah it's that's kind of what I call it um it were quite a bit different than like there's like the east part of the state which is like the Red River Valley where like Grand Forks, you probably heard of Fargo maybe, yep. Um
SPEAKER_R: yep.
SPEAKER_L: So that's like one kind of like region, but then like west is out is like bismarck and um you know, other cities
SPEAKER_R: Cash.
SPEAKER_L: that you probably haven't heard of unless you've been out here, Montana. So
SPEAKER_R: Um my sister in law went to graduate school, was it? Grand Forks went to graduate school, University of North Dakota, University of North Dakota. And Grand Forks?
SPEAKER_L: what did she go to grad school for?
SPEAKER_R: Um psych psych psychology I believe. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's really weird because.
SPEAKER_R: like the craziest thing was like, you know, she grew up in Tampa goes to school there, miss this guy gets married and you know, like two months after they get married, they moved to North Dakota from florida, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've actually heard a lot of stories like that
SPEAKER_R: hold
SPEAKER_L: where,
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: you know, people get married and then then just kind of end up here, but it's weird that you said you and D for psychology because that's exactly what I'm doing right now. I'm a grad student. Psychology. Yeah, so that's that's really weird, but um obviously I don't want you don't have to like release any like, identifying information or whatever. But I think it's just weird like anytime I meet somebody who's like, oh I I know somebody who like went to school there, like I guarantee you I probably know that person within two or three iterations like because um
SPEAKER_R: that's kind of cool. Yeah. Now are you from there or you just in school there?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from the region um There's a small town that's like an hour east of here that I grew up in, I did my undergrad here and stuff like that, so. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Well now are you wanting to stay or do you want to go somewhere else or?
SPEAKER_L: no I definitely would like to go to at the very least Fargo, which you know, it's you know, much bigger city, there's a lot more to do but um kind of in my field I have to like go to a bigger area to kind of find work. Um I mean that might be changing the next few years with like tele work and stuff like that, but um no, I would
SPEAKER_R: What's
SPEAKER_L: like to
SPEAKER_R: your field?
SPEAKER_L: kind of either psychology.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh What's your specialty? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's so social experimental
SPEAKER_R: Hi there.
SPEAKER_L: psychology, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: You might you might have to get somewhere else. Sorry, I lost the video, but then the audio got really loud but that's okay. Not a big deal. Yeah. So is it already cold there? Because I like today is I think our last nice day of the season, it's like in the 70's as we had further south in the state, but.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's honestly it's been a really really mild fall here, I've been waiting for it to like You know in the morning to be like 30 or 40°, but that hasn't really happened yet, so we've been pretty lucky. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: grew up in the south and my family thinks it's funny that I talked about the last nice day. you know, it's like it's the last warm day, it's, you know, three months before they get their last warm day, so it's a big adjustment. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: in the last couple of years um I've been traveling a little bit more and I was actually in el paso texas for christmas one year and that was actually really nice because I was like wearing shorts in like a t shirt and stuff outside. It's like 50 60 degrees out and it was it was actually really nice to be somewhere in the middle of december and you know, be that warm out
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's really funny. My husband actually, we live in like metro Detroit, but he works in Houston and so like, you know, we'll have snow and he's like, yeah, I'm running around his shorts and it's warm and I'm like great, that's lovely. So so yeah, it's kind of funny um with like sort of lockdown and whatnot. He came home and he's been home all summer and so it's like uh you have two pairs of shorts here, all of your shorts in texas, none of them are here, so. But yeah, it's been kind of weird. So are you guys doing like online class stuff for school only?
SPEAKER_L: Um No there are like on campus classes but um since I kind of lucked out, my only classes online, I've been able to work from home actually, since like since probably March kind of when all this stuff started, I was able
SPEAKER_R: cop yeah.
SPEAKER_L: kind of, you know, quarantine isolate and stuff. So um yeah, I know there are, they're doing like on campus stuff, but um actually North Dakota and um were
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: in like kind of the eastern part of Minnesota have started getting a lot more cases of covid, so who knows if they'll, you know, actually closed down at some point, which maybe they probably should, but I mean, who knows?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We um we had sort of put a lid on it and it's been getting worse and worse. So we're not we're not really sure. My youngest is a freshman in college. And so he's doing classroom the basement and we're doing his poor schedule, like, you know, he was hoping to be on campus and so he's taking biology, you know, sort of like intro biology with the lab. And so now the lab is in our kitchen with these weird little experiments. I'm like, I am the crappiest lab partner ever, because I'm like, yeah, close enough, it's fun. So hurry about it.
SPEAKER_L: So they
SPEAKER_R: Everything.
SPEAKER_L: actually had them doing like lab stuff in your own home, What was
SPEAKER_R: there,
SPEAKER_L: that like?
SPEAKER_R: you know, it's crazy. So I'm not
SPEAKER_L: Bird?
SPEAKER_R: exactly sure what they were measuring, but he was doing like little hole punches of coffee filters, soaking them in like sort of a beet extract or a carrot extract or sweet potato extract and then putting them in hydrogen peroxide and timing. I mean, I think it's basically a method kind of thing. And so yeah, we floated little little discs of coffee filter soaked in things for like two different labs. But yeah, and it's like we've got a time and then, you know, the one we did for radishes, You know, everybody that was at his school, which is in texas, you know, and they're all at home in their kitchens doing this. They all get like one set of numbers and ours are twice that I'm like, I don't know, maybe we get a different variety of radish, maybe, you know, they're old radishes. I got no idea. And we
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: super funny.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so we couldn't even get close to replicating what literally everybody else in the group got and I'm like, yeah, you're the outlier, just go with it for the best. But
SPEAKER_L: I mean there's going to be an outlier and everything so it makes it more interesting I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was, but I don't know, this is not, you know, I'm just
SPEAKER_L: it's not
SPEAKER_R: working the timer, I'm not doing anything else, so it was kind of funny and he hates it, and I'm like, of course you hate it, you're you're supposed to be on campus, you're not supposed to be in your kitchen, so Mhm. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I can't imagine
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: doing a college lab in my own kitchen, that would be, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I just, I'm just glad, like they're not doing fetal pigs or anything, you know, because I'm like, I'm not going to devote a vegetable drawer to the fetal pigs, so
SPEAKER_L: all those things, thanks so much to
SPEAKER_R: my God, it's awful. My freshman year in college, my my roommate brought home or fetal pig, like get a bar, this is disgusting. It's not a lot of fun, but I think he's decided that he doesn't like biology, he's done. So he's gonna I think declare a major that doesn't require that ever again. So Yeah. Kind of crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, man, it must be pretty hard, yeah. Uh going to school like during covid, like your as a freshman, like that's just it's almost like just
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: unlucky,
SPEAKER_R: not to say that.
SPEAKER_L: you know, like, I don't know, I I wouldn't I don't think I would like it so.
SPEAKER_R: You know, it's funny because we had this conversation and I think the saving grace is, I mean his senior year in high school was totally screwed up at the end to, you know, because they locked down the middle of March and didn't go back graduation was basically somebody throwing his stuff in a bag on her front lawn and waving as they drove by. But I think the thing that is good about it is that he doesn't know any better, like he doesn't know what it's like to be on campus. He doesn't so I mean he'll have that experience later, but he's already talking about if he can't be on campus next fall, that he's going to take the gap here and I'm like, go ahead. You know, that's okay. Just get, you know, get your year of a solid year of good grades in your back pocket and then do whatever you wanna do something crazy, so
SPEAKER_L: Right. You know, I think that was already starting to become more and more popular. Um but I even remember as like an undergrad or like even when I was in high school, I was thinking about taking a gap year and like everybody told me don't take a gap year, otherwise you'll never go back to school or whatever. And now it kind of seems like, you know, obviously with the constitution and stuff, it that's almost like something that people are, I want to say like uh you know, suggesting, but maybe are kind of more along the lines of like if somebody wants to take a gap year, it's not really
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: frowned upon
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: as much anymore, which is really nice,
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: you know? Um You know, getting some, you know, quote unquote life experience, work experience before you go to colleges, you know, way I think way more beneficial than I mean, what I did was I spent 23 years, I mean, I was focusing on school, but also I like, you know, didn't really know what I wanted to finish school in and you know that kind of waste time and money and I mean I'm cool with where I'm at now but you know if I could have done it over again I would have been like I'm gonna take a gap year and you know maybe do some traveling and then you know see um
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: you know I'll find something by then
SPEAKER_R: I mean, just, you know, do something, you know, if you want to juggle at the circus,
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: you know, that's the time to do it is when you're in your early twenties, just get it done and have, but yeah, so it's been, it's been interesting for him being online and, you know, like discussion groups and doing group projects over zoom and Microsoft teams and things like that. It's just, you know, it's doable. It's just a very different experience. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: But,
SPEAKER_L: I've been kind of lucky, I haven't had to do very many group projects but um I work for the med school um in town here and so I've had to go to like three or four, you know zoom meetings a week and it's like uh like you know half the time I don't have to be there and then it's like the other half the time it's like oh man, there's I don't know it
SPEAKER_R: And I have
SPEAKER_L: it feels like it's facilitating the workflow in some ways but
SPEAKER_R: opportunity.
SPEAKER_L: you know obviously I'm still trying to get used to it and stuff and I mean there's gonna be challenges with everything but you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My husband's been talking about how his team has actually been more productive because, and I noticed he works longer, You know, that sort of works through like work through lunch, you know, just is sort of logging in more time. But they're just getting more done. I think I suspect it's because they don't have that kind of water cooler talk, that kind of social chit chat and distraction and somebody popping by your office wanting to talk about whatever you just work. So
SPEAKER_L: Right. Does he have his own office then in your in your house?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so he's actually been working on the back porch. So um but it's moved into the family room now that it's been a little cooler. There's a red light ahead of us, honey. I don't know. Okay, we're just flying down the road, we're also looking for firewood because we're in the middle of nowhere and like this is where you know, people put the past firewood in their front yards and we don't get that in town, it's hard to find. So we're kind of sort of looking for that too. So that I bought a pumpkin the other day at the grocery store, I forgot to take it out of the truck and every time we turn it sounds like a dead bodies in the trunk
SPEAKER_L: It's just
SPEAKER_R: just rolling
SPEAKER_L: roll in
SPEAKER_R: around.
SPEAKER_L: the back. Yeah that's funny,
SPEAKER_R: So we keep passing all of these, you know pumpkin farms with all the pumpkins on the side of the road is like, you know, don't need what I got
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: out of the back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: can hear it every time we take a left.
SPEAKER_R: exactly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's just no, no, no, no, no, no. So it's been kind of crazy. So how much longer do you have in your programme?
SPEAKER_L: Um I have a year left um then I'll have my masters um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna go on for my PhD but um I've I'm kind of on like an academic track and you know like kind of I don't know if you're aware of how things are and like academia right now but at least in my field it's really hard to get like a 10 year track job and so I was like you know instead of competing for something like that I kind of do like we talked earlier rather get my masters, get some work experience you know kind of live my life a little bit and then come back for my PhD down the road since Um you know education is always gonna be there and that that's kind of what I've um picked up on in the last couple of years where it's like I can go back to school whenever I want, like I can't relive my 20's so um.
SPEAKER_R: No. And yeah, you're exactly right because you can always go back, you know, somebody's grandmother is always working on her dissertation, you know, I mean, you can do that whenever, but you know, if you want to, you know, do something crazy, you know, move to phoenix for a couple of years, you know, now is the time to do that. Mhm. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: cool. Because I mean, I know that when I upset we were my son in over touring campuses and one honors college tour, I asked
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: how many adjunct professors they had and I thought, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: I thought the faculty members were going to revolt and I'm like, it's a legit question, they're like, we don't hear in the honors college and I'm like, all right, once
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: we get outside this bubble, what do I find? You know? So, yeah, I mean I've got some friends who are gradient who just aren't working right now. So
SPEAKER_L: the whole adjunct thing to um I uh one of the colleagues I went to school with he recently got his PhD and he's
SPEAKER_R: what's
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: latest?
SPEAKER_L: the U. K. Right now on a post stock. But
SPEAKER_R: One,
SPEAKER_L: um yeah he uh adjunct for uh I think he adjunct for a year. Yeah he did for at least a year. And um just the way that he was talking about it like I've never heard about
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: about really adjunct in until he was talking about. It sounded terrible. And then um I think I stumbled upon some documentary that was talking about you know the education system and all this stuff and how Adjuncts are working you know maybe teaching 345 classes a semester and barely able to like pay you know rent and like have
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: their living expenses covered and I'm like gosh that sounds absolutely terrible. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they're making $6 an hour by the time, you know, kind of, it's just, it's insane. I mean it is the worst of the gig economy and academia having a, you know, some kind of monster baby.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely I never even thought of it like that. But that is really kind of, it's like the, the academic gig economy before the gig economy went mainstream, you know? So,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's crazy. So, yeah, I mean I have some friends who are not very happy with anything out, you know, do anything else. So, but they are selling here in rural michigan big like £50 bags of carrots for deer and corn and sugar beets and I kind of forgotten like oh yeah, people hunt you know they're waiting for dear. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: No, that's no, it's funny that you mention that because it's deer season around here and um in the small town that I grew up in
SPEAKER_R: continue.
SPEAKER_L: um remember all through elementary school, middle school, high school, we have like a whole week off and they call it mea weekend or I mean me a break, which is, you know, just education for like teachers or whatever. But a lot of people say what it really is is just so people can go out and deer hunting stuff without like missing work or missing school. So, um yeah, that's, that's actually something that I haven't purse taking it and for a long time. But yeah, it's funny you mention that because.
SPEAKER_R: Um opening day in Michigan is November 15 and I think, am I right honey, that ford postpones the acknowledgement of columbus day until it's veterans Day they never observed. So ford motor company doesn't observe veterans Day on veterans Day, it's always Whatever is the closest to the weekend that includes the 15th. So there's a long weekend for hunting is your opener friday. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know that. That's super funny. Um
SPEAKER_R: it's very funny but I mean like so
SPEAKER_L: pragmatic.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so my boys were involved in Boy scouts and it's like a sacred weekend like there is nothing that happens that weekend because you know everybody's out funding the camp out their service presence, it was like why what somebody told me like ok there, there we go. That makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: I grew up in a small town, but there were like tiny, tiny like farming communities, you know, around around our town and they're all the same way where like on in deer season, if you drove through
SPEAKER_R: Especially.
SPEAKER_L: one of these towns, like nobody's really out, like the stores are obviously open, but the only people are going into them, you know, they're going into the hardware stores to get like supplies for hunting and they're all wearing like their their Blaze orange and stuff like that. And you can always tell like uh like the oncoming cars, like who are hunters and who aren't because you know, they're usually driving trucks, but you can see the blaze orange literally from a, you know, a half mile away. So yeah, it's it's one of those interesting cultural things that like when you tell somebody that you're like from like a rural area, like they just don't obviously understand like how big, you know, that is in a place like this,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's really funny. I made the comment earlier today driving through town. I'm like, oh this is a truck driving town. Like you can't live in this town unless you drive a truck and my husband's like what? Like you can't drive a car, you got to drive a truck, you know and live here. Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_L: Which
SPEAKER_R: really, I've
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: always go ahead. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I was just gonna say like we're from, you kind of like need to drive trucks. But I like I dated a girl that was from texas and all the people down there that drive trucks. You know, it's not necessarily for, you know, the things that we use it for where it's like hauling or like farm work or you know, just to get through the snow. It's like to, you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: am.
SPEAKER_L: because everybody else has trucks while she drove her truck up here and it was a two wheel drive and I didn't even know that like you could buy two wheel drive. So every, every winter she's getting stuck in her truck and I'm like, this is why we started dating. I thought like I'd be able to use your truck to like do the fun things, but you keep on getting stuck. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: it was.
SPEAKER_R: not good. Yeah, it's, it's the the all wheel drive in snow tires have made my life tolerable because I hate driving in the snow. But yeah, that combination I can function and not get stuck. Yeah, but they're not getting stuck is the most important part. That's my biggest fear so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I drove a car and I've gotten stuck a couple times and luckily I've been able to look kind of like shift my way out. But yeah, it is like, it's kind of like scary even if like you're in the middle of town getting stuck. It's like, well crap like I've got, I've got stuff to get to and like I'm stuck so pads.
SPEAKER_R: What am I going to do now? So where you are, do you guys get like those like the constant big blizzard, deep, deep snow stuff or does it sort of come and go and or does it stay?
SPEAKER_L: it comes in like, so it comes and goes because it's, it's really dry out here. So um North Dakota get, you know, it's really
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: windy here um especially in the east part of the state and you know, since we live in the valley to all that air kind of like flows, you know, towards the river and stuff. But yeah, like we, we do get like our big snowstorms, but mostly it's just so cold and dry that um we, we kind of avoid some of that, like it's not consistent like every single week, we don't get like, you know, mounds and mounds of snow. But I mean, I mean there's like entire months, like in january, in february, you can expect that the temperature isn't gonna be above, you know, zero for, you know, the entire time period. So um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I met is michigan kind of the same way then,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: or?
SPEAKER_R: we're like Detroit so we're like south like you know northern Ohio kind of on and we'll get snow and then it will warm up and go away and get like it doesn't come and stay and stay and stay and stay and stack up. That's kind of rare. But you know like the northern peninsula of michigan it just stays frozen tundra. But I don't think it's all that bad. We used to live in Wisconsin and it was about the same. But yeah, we don't get the super cold like you guys get. Um I mean very rarely I think once in the past 10 years has it stayed you know, double digit negatives, you know for like 24 48 hours or whatever. Um couple years ago the locks in her house froze like, you know, That was kind of that was kind of crazy. All right. We're at 26 minutes. But yeah, I mean it's not
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: it's not as cold as you guys get. So
SPEAKER_L: Well, it's been nice talking to you. It's, you know,
SPEAKER_R: I'm talking to you to have a good year at school and stay safe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too, you know where your mask when you need to and uh you know, I have a safe trip.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you. We we stopped at this little party store convenience store kind of place and we were the only people wearing masks and we're like, oh we're in the middle of nowhere. This is not good.