sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I can't recall. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. I'm sorry. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Don't forget about that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. A couple of days. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. See. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, mm hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. I got a chance to have a second. Yeah. Given time connector. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. It's a different thing. Good. She's fine. Every Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. Mhm. Okay. Okay. It's mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hey? Yeah, Everything. Mhm. Mhm. Whoa. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. 100, Italian. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. People. All right. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Want to go. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, country.
All right. Hi.
I'm not hearing anything. Are you getting any background for my fan?
No?
uh
yeah. 25 minutes.
Cool. So, um, yeah, I'm not sure what we're supposed to do for this, but uh
Um, I'm in North Dakota actually. Where are you? Mm.
hi.
Yeah. Yeah. I've been in michigan before. Um Yeah, it's pretty, it's pretty rural in some areas, it's really like kind of woodsy um
Actually uh when I was driving through it the first time I was like this feels actually a lot like Wisconsin and you know, kind of like the whole like lakes, you know, region. Um
So yeah,
yeah
like that area, so
yep, I'm in um so it's called the Red River Valley and there's a place called um
Grand Forks, that's where I am and it's like one of the third or it's like the third biggest city in North Dakota, obviously we're pretty rural, pretty small, so it's not really saying much, but um yeah it's that's kind of what I call it um it were quite a bit different than like there's like the east part of the state which is like the Red River Valley where like Grand Forks, you probably heard of Fargo maybe, yep. Um
So that's like one kind of like region, but then like west is out is like bismarck and um you know, other cities
that you probably haven't heard of unless you've been out here, Montana. So
what did she go to grad school for?
That's really weird because.
Yeah, I've actually heard a lot of stories like that
where,
you know, people get married and then then just kind of end up here, but it's weird that you said you and D for psychology because that's exactly what I'm doing right now. I'm a grad student. Psychology. Yeah, so that's that's really weird, but um obviously I don't want you don't have to like release any like, identifying information or whatever. But I think it's just weird like anytime I meet somebody who's like, oh I I know somebody who like went to school there, like I guarantee you I probably know that person within two or three iterations like because um
I'm from the region um There's a small town that's like an hour east of here that I grew up in, I did my undergrad here and stuff like that, so. Yeah,
no I definitely would like to go to at the very least Fargo, which you know, it's you know, much bigger city, there's a lot more to do but um kind of in my field I have to like go to a bigger area to kind of find work. Um I mean that might be changing the next few years with like tele work and stuff like that, but um no, I would
like to
kind of either psychology.
Oh it's so social experimental
psychology, yeah.
So.
Yeah, it's honestly it's been a really really mild fall here, I've been waiting for it to like You know in the morning to be like 30 or 40°, but that hasn't really happened yet, so we've been pretty lucky. Yeah.
in the last couple of years um I've been traveling a little bit more and I was actually in el paso texas for christmas one year and that was actually really nice because I was like wearing shorts in like a t shirt and stuff outside. It's like 50 60 degrees out and it was it was actually really nice to be somewhere in the middle of december and you know, be that warm out
Um No there are like on campus classes but um since I kind of lucked out, my only classes online, I've been able to work from home actually, since like since probably March kind of when all this stuff started, I was able
kind of, you know, quarantine isolate and stuff. So um yeah, I know there are, they're doing like on campus stuff, but um actually North Dakota and um were
in like kind of the eastern part of Minnesota have started getting a lot more cases of covid, so who knows if they'll, you know, actually closed down at some point, which maybe they probably should, but I mean, who knows?
So they
actually had them doing like lab stuff in your own home, What was
that like?
Bird?
that's
super funny.
I mean there's going to be an outlier and everything so it makes it more interesting I guess.
it's not
I can't imagine
doing a college lab in my own kitchen, that would be, yeah.
all those things, thanks so much to
Yeah, man, it must be pretty hard, yeah. Uh going to school like during covid, like your as a freshman, like that's just it's almost like just
unlucky,
you know, like, I don't know, I I wouldn't I don't think I would like it so.
Right. You know, I think that was already starting to become more and more popular. Um but I even remember as like an undergrad or like even when I was in high school, I was thinking about taking a gap year and like everybody told me don't take a gap year, otherwise you'll never go back to school or whatever. And now it kind of seems like, you know, obviously with the constitution and stuff, it that's almost like something that people are, I want to say like uh you know, suggesting, but maybe are kind of more along the lines of like if somebody wants to take a gap year, it's not really
frowned upon
as much anymore, which is really nice,
you know? Um You know, getting some, you know, quote unquote life experience, work experience before you go to colleges, you know, way I think way more beneficial than I mean, what I did was I spent 23 years, I mean, I was focusing on school, but also I like, you know, didn't really know what I wanted to finish school in and you know that kind of waste time and money and I mean I'm cool with where I'm at now but you know if I could have done it over again I would have been like I'm gonna take a gap year and you know maybe do some traveling and then you know see um
you know I'll find something by then
sorry.
Yeah,
I've been kind of lucky, I haven't had to do very many group projects but um I work for the med school um in town here and so I've had to go to like three or four, you know zoom meetings a week and it's like uh like you know half the time I don't have to be there and then it's like the other half the time it's like oh man, there's I don't know it
it feels like it's facilitating the workflow in some ways but
you know obviously I'm still trying to get used to it and stuff and I mean there's gonna be challenges with everything but you know.
Right. Does he have his own office then in your in your house?
It's just
roll in
the back. Yeah that's funny,
I
can hear it every time we take a left.
Yeah.
Um I have a year left um then I'll have my masters um
I was gonna go on for my PhD but um I've I'm kind of on like an academic track and you know like kind of I don't know if you're aware of how things are and like academia right now but at least in my field it's really hard to get like a 10 year track job and so I was like you know instead of competing for something like that I kind of do like we talked earlier rather get my masters, get some work experience you know kind of live my life a little bit and then come back for my PhD down the road since Um you know education is always gonna be there and that that's kind of what I've um picked up on in the last couple of years where it's like I can go back to school whenever I want, like I can't relive my 20's so um.
Yeah. Okay.
Mhm.
Thanks.
mm.
Uh huh.
the whole adjunct thing to um I uh one of the colleagues I went to school with he recently got his PhD and he's
actually
in
the U. K. Right now on a post stock. But
um yeah he uh adjunct for uh I think he adjunct for a year. Yeah he did for at least a year. And um just the way that he was talking about it like I've never heard about
it
about really adjunct in until he was talking about. It sounded terrible. And then um I think I stumbled upon some documentary that was talking about you know the education system and all this stuff and how Adjuncts are working you know maybe teaching 345 classes a semester and barely able to like pay you know rent and like have
you know
their living expenses covered and I'm like gosh that sounds absolutely terrible. Um
Absolutely I never even thought of it like that. But that is really kind of, it's like the, the academic gig economy before the gig economy went mainstream, you know? So,
No, that's no, it's funny that you mention that because it's deer season around here and um in the small town that I grew up in
um remember all through elementary school, middle school, high school, we have like a whole week off and they call it mea weekend or I mean me a break, which is, you know, just education for like teachers or whatever. But a lot of people say what it really is is just so people can go out and deer hunting stuff without like missing work or missing school. So, um yeah, that's, that's actually something that I haven't purse taking it and for a long time. But yeah, it's funny you mention that because.
I didn't know that. That's super funny. Um
pragmatic.
I grew up in a small town, but there were like tiny, tiny like farming communities, you know, around around our town and they're all the same way where like on in deer season, if you drove through
one of these towns, like nobody's really out, like the stores are obviously open, but the only people are going into them, you know, they're going into the hardware stores to get like supplies for hunting and they're all wearing like their their Blaze orange and stuff like that. And you can always tell like uh like the oncoming cars, like who are hunters and who aren't because you know, they're usually driving trucks, but you can see the blaze orange literally from a, you know, a half mile away. So yeah, it's it's one of those interesting cultural things that like when you tell somebody that you're like from like a rural area, like they just don't obviously understand like how big, you know, that is in a place like this,
Which
is,
I was just gonna say like we're from, you kind of like need to drive trucks. But I like I dated a girl that was from texas and all the people down there that drive trucks. You know, it's not necessarily for, you know, the things that we use it for where it's like hauling or like farm work or you know, just to get through the snow. It's like to, you
know,
because everybody else has trucks while she drove her truck up here and it was a two wheel drive and I didn't even know that like you could buy two wheel drive. So every, every winter she's getting stuck in her truck and I'm like, this is why we started dating. I thought like I'd be able to use your truck to like do the fun things, but you keep on getting stuck. So yeah,
it was.
Yeah, I drove a car and I've gotten stuck a couple times and luckily I've been able to look kind of like shift my way out. But yeah, it is like, it's kind of like scary even if like you're in the middle of town getting stuck. It's like, well crap like I've got, I've got stuff to get to and like I'm stuck so pads.
it comes in like, so it comes and goes because it's, it's really dry out here. So um North Dakota get, you know, it's really
windy here um especially in the east part of the state and you know, since we live in the valley to all that air kind of like flows, you know, towards the river and stuff. But yeah, like we, we do get like our big snowstorms, but mostly it's just so cold and dry that um we, we kind of avoid some of that, like it's not consistent like every single week, we don't get like, you know, mounds and mounds of snow. But I mean, I mean there's like entire months, like in january, in february, you can expect that the temperature isn't gonna be above, you know, zero for, you know, the entire time period. So um
yeah,
I met is michigan kind of the same way then,
or?
no.
Well, it's been nice talking to you. It's, you know,
Yeah. You too, you know where your mask when you need to and uh you know, I have a safe trip.