wait, let me plug in my ear buds way.
Hey there. I'm in the car. So I hope, I hope it's not the background isn't too crazy.
No, no,
not at all. Not at all. All right. Let me find a timer just so we're compliant. Mhm 25
I think.
Okay. I'm gonna set it for 26 just so we have cushion there. Hey, hey.
Just talk about whatever. So where are you?
So, um, you know how michigan shaped like a mitten? So there's that what they call the thumb area. My husband and I took off this morning, their little light houses and parks on the beach and whatnot. So we went and left and sort of wrapped around part of the thumb and now we're headed home. So we're very fortunate that we go. He says, hi, hi.
We're fortunate that we actually have internet service because they're big chunks is as, you know, big chunks of the state that don't really get the full internet.
Yeah,
Like
the Dells, yeah,
Yeah,
Where are you in, in a city or?
Mhm.
yep.
Cash.
Um my sister in law went to graduate school, was it? Grand Forks went to graduate school, University of North Dakota, University of North Dakota. And Grand Forks?
Um psych psych psychology I believe. Yeah.
like the craziest thing was like, you know, she grew up in Tampa goes to school there, miss this guy gets married and you know, like two months after they get married, they moved to North Dakota from florida, so
hold
on.
that's kind of cool. Yeah. Now are you from there or you just in school there?
Well now are you wanting to stay or do you want to go somewhere else or?
What's
your field?
Yeah. Uh What's your specialty? Mhm.
Hi there.
Yeah.
You might you might have to get somewhere else. Sorry, I lost the video, but then the audio got really loud but that's okay. Not a big deal. Yeah. So is it already cold there? Because I like today is I think our last nice day of the season, it's like in the 70's as we had further south in the state, but.
grew up in the south and my family thinks it's funny that I talked about the last nice day. you know, it's like it's the last warm day, it's, you know, three months before they get their last warm day, so it's a big adjustment. Yeah.
Yeah, it's really funny. My husband actually, we live in like metro Detroit, but he works in Houston and so like, you know, we'll have snow and he's like, yeah, I'm running around his shorts and it's warm and I'm like great, that's lovely. So so yeah, it's kind of funny um with like sort of lockdown and whatnot. He came home and he's been home all summer and so it's like uh you have two pairs of shorts here, all of your shorts in texas, none of them are here, so. But yeah, it's been kind of weird. So are you guys doing like online class stuff for school only?
cop yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. We um we had sort of put a lid on it and it's been getting worse and worse. So we're not we're not really sure. My youngest is a freshman in college. And so he's doing classroom the basement and we're doing his poor schedule, like, you know, he was hoping to be on campus and so he's taking biology, you know, sort of like intro biology with the lab. And so now the lab is in our kitchen with these weird little experiments. I'm like, I am the crappiest lab partner ever, because I'm like, yeah, close enough, it's fun. So hurry about it.
Everything.
there,
you know, it's crazy. So I'm not
exactly sure what they were measuring, but he was doing like little hole punches of coffee filters, soaking them in like sort of a beet extract or a carrot extract or sweet potato extract and then putting them in hydrogen peroxide and timing. I mean, I think it's basically a method kind of thing. And so yeah, we floated little little discs of coffee filter soaked in things for like two different labs. But yeah, and it's like we've got a time and then, you know, the one we did for radishes, You know, everybody that was at his school, which is in texas, you know, and they're all at home in their kitchens doing this. They all get like one set of numbers and ours are twice that I'm like, I don't know, maybe we get a different variety of radish, maybe, you know, they're old radishes. I got no idea. And we
just,
yeah, so we couldn't even get close to replicating what literally everybody else in the group got and I'm like, yeah, you're the outlier, just go with it for the best. But
Yeah, it was, but I don't know, this is not, you know, I'm just
working the timer, I'm not doing anything else, so it was kind of funny and he hates it, and I'm like, of course you hate it, you're you're supposed to be on campus, you're not supposed to be in your kitchen, so Mhm. So yeah,
but
I just, I'm just glad, like they're not doing fetal pigs or anything, you know, because I'm like, I'm not going to devote a vegetable drawer to the fetal pigs, so
my God, it's awful. My freshman year in college, my my roommate brought home or fetal pig, like get a bar, this is disgusting. It's not a lot of fun, but I think he's decided that he doesn't like biology, he's done. So he's gonna I think declare a major that doesn't require that ever again. So Yeah. Kind of crazy.
That's
not to say that.
You know, it's funny because we had this conversation and I think the saving grace is, I mean his senior year in high school was totally screwed up at the end to, you know, because they locked down the middle of March and didn't go back graduation was basically somebody throwing his stuff in a bag on her front lawn and waving as they drove by. But I think the thing that is good about it is that he doesn't know any better, like he doesn't know what it's like to be on campus. He doesn't so I mean he'll have that experience later, but he's already talking about if he can't be on campus next fall, that he's going to take the gap here and I'm like, go ahead. You know, that's okay. Just get, you know, get your year of a solid year of good grades in your back pocket and then do whatever you wanna do something crazy, so
Thank
you.
hmm.
All
I mean, just, you know, do something, you know, if you want to juggle at the circus,
you know, that's the time to do it is when you're in your early twenties, just get it done and have, but yeah, so it's been, it's been interesting for him being online and, you know, like discussion groups and doing group projects over zoom and Microsoft teams and things like that. It's just, you know, it's doable. It's just a very different experience. Mhm.
But,
And I have
opportunity.
Yeah. My husband's been talking about how his team has actually been more productive because, and I noticed he works longer, You know, that sort of works through like work through lunch, you know, just is sort of logging in more time. But they're just getting more done. I think I suspect it's because they don't have that kind of water cooler talk, that kind of social chit chat and distraction and somebody popping by your office wanting to talk about whatever you just work. So
yeah, so he's actually been working on the back porch. So um but it's moved into the family room now that it's been a little cooler. There's a red light ahead of us, honey. I don't know. Okay, we're just flying down the road, we're also looking for firewood because we're in the middle of nowhere and like this is where you know, people put the past firewood in their front yards and we don't get that in town, it's hard to find. So we're kind of sort of looking for that too. So that I bought a pumpkin the other day at the grocery store, I forgot to take it out of the truck and every time we turn it sounds like a dead bodies in the trunk
just rolling
around.
So we keep passing all of these, you know pumpkin farms with all the pumpkins on the side of the road is like, you know, don't need what I got
out of the back. Yeah.
exactly.
It's just no, no, no, no, no, no. So it's been kind of crazy. So how much longer do you have in your programme?
Mhm.
No. And yeah, you're exactly right because you can always go back, you know, somebody's grandmother is always working on her dissertation, you know, I mean, you can do that whenever, but you know, if you want to, you know, do something crazy, you know, move to phoenix for a couple of years, you know, now is the time to do that. Mhm. Um
Yeah,
cool. Because I mean, I know that when I upset we were my son in over touring campuses and one honors college tour, I asked
how many adjunct professors they had and I thought, yeah,
I thought the faculty members were going to revolt and I'm like, it's a legit question, they're like, we don't hear in the honors college and I'm like, all right, once
we get outside this bubble, what do I find? You know? So, yeah, I mean I've got some friends who are gradient who just aren't working right now. So
what's
the
latest?
One,
The
time.
Thank
you.
Yeah, they're making $6 an hour by the time, you know, kind of, it's just, it's insane. I mean it is the worst of the gig economy and academia having a, you know, some kind of monster baby.
Yeah, I mean it's crazy. So, yeah, I mean I have some friends who are not very happy with anything out, you know, do anything else. So, but they are selling here in rural michigan big like £50 bags of carrots for deer and corn and sugar beets and I kind of forgotten like oh yeah, people hunt you know they're waiting for dear. Mhm. Okay.
continue.
Um opening day in Michigan is November 15 and I think, am I right honey, that ford postpones the acknowledgement of columbus day until it's veterans Day they never observed. So ford motor company doesn't observe veterans Day on veterans Day, it's always Whatever is the closest to the weekend that includes the 15th. So there's a long weekend for hunting is your opener friday. Yeah.
it's very funny but I mean like so
yeah, so my boys were involved in Boy scouts and it's like a sacred weekend like there is nothing that happens that weekend because you know everybody's out funding the camp out their service presence, it was like why what somebody told me like ok there, there we go. That makes sense.
Especially.
Yeah. It's really funny. I made the comment earlier today driving through town. I'm like, oh this is a truck driving town. Like you can't live in this town unless you drive a truck and my husband's like what? Like you can't drive a car, you got to drive a truck, you know and live here. Yeah. It's
really, I've
always go ahead. Uh
I
am.
That's
not good. Yeah, it's, it's the the all wheel drive in snow tires have made my life tolerable because I hate driving in the snow. But yeah, that combination I can function and not get stuck. Yeah, but they're not getting stuck is the most important part. That's my biggest fear so.
What am I going to do now? So where you are, do you guys get like those like the constant big blizzard, deep, deep snow stuff or does it sort of come and go and or does it stay?
That's
Yeah.
Yeah.
So
we're like Detroit so we're like south like you know northern Ohio kind of on and we'll get snow and then it will warm up and go away and get like it doesn't come and stay and stay and stay and stay and stack up. That's kind of rare. But you know like the northern peninsula of michigan it just stays frozen tundra. But I don't think it's all that bad. We used to live in Wisconsin and it was about the same. But yeah, we don't get the super cold like you guys get. Um I mean very rarely I think once in the past 10 years has it stayed you know, double digit negatives, you know for like 24 48 hours or whatever. Um couple years ago the locks in her house froze like, you know, That was kind of that was kind of crazy. All right. We're at 26 minutes. But yeah, I mean it's not
it's not as cold as you guys get. So
I'm talking to you to have a good year at school and stay safe.
Yeah. Thank you. We we stopped at this little party store convenience store kind of place and we were the only people wearing masks and we're like, oh we're in the middle of nowhere. This is not good.