from yonder.
Yes, it's afternoon here. I'm
in federal time.
are you doing?
I'm fine. We'll get you through it.
I'm David
Devry. Okay.
I hear you. Right.
No. How's your summer gone?
not too bad. I'm at work now.
All right. Yeah, I'm a teacher. We started back up on monday.
I'm
in texas.
sort of. Yeah,
I mean there it's interesting because yeah, I guess they opened up the country and in about four weeks later cases were rising in places like Arizona and florida and texas and when that happened the governor made some like proclamations about mask wearing and stuff like that. Um And
for the most part my God, like people started actually wearing masks um but they're like there were local officials
who said
they weren't going to enforce it and stuff like that, so there hasn't been a lot
of local
enforcement and it's been very much like well technically you're supposed to do it, but we're not going to do anything about it if you don't.
New Orleans?
No, no,
not the minority
leader. Okay.
I mean like if you go shopping, a lot of the grocery stores don't allow people in if they're not wearing masks, so that's
been
but yeah, we'll see.
So
I actually
started today for lots of kids, so I think maybe in in the coming month or so we'll kind of see how bad things get in and whether we end up just like closed down. I think in California most your schools are online. Right.
Oh I expect we'll be all online in four weeks,
I'm not sure. But like a lot of colleges are going that way like after even a week,
so.
What
were
your
parents
I teach at the college level? Yeah. So there's it's like incentive um to get students on campus and get them to pay their tuition and stuff. Um And it does feel a little bit like they're trying to do that and then we'll see how long it lasts but eventually I think we'll go online.
It's
tough
with the younger kids because a lot of a lot of families like it's their only daycare when I go up to work. Um
Let's see how it translates to the vote.
Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. I don't know if this one seems so memorable that I have a hard time believing that but.
I guess. Yeah. I've been kind of optimistic that maybe at least
in the
future when there are outbreaks,
maybe it's covid or something else that mask wearing will become more popular. Like other countries, like the asian countries often do. Mhm.
People are getting used to that,
Yeah.
You don't,
You
seem like it's a big oil producing area.
yeah, I was gonna say like here in texas were also huge oil state. So, uh, when it comes to voting like anything that's environmental, like is definitely
a no go for most
people
around,
you can't make money. Right? Yeah. And I mean in texas, a lot of the oil production is tracking so
Mm.
Mhm. I don't know,
extraction or something,
Right.
Especially easy in 2020, right.
Anyway,
what are your
hobbies before Covid?
What
are your hobbies before? Covid or after?
Okay. Are you uh recently out of college order
you're in the meeting?
Are you able to like it remotely? Pretty much?
I like missed out on some teaching opportunities this summer and it was like looking for other ways to make money.
So
like yeah,
prolific.
What's that?
No, it's just um I didn't get a chance to teach,
that's all.
And
brutal.
and they're not going to do anything about it for another few weeks and that link through it. Yeah, they're like they're in recession right now.
Yeah. I'm a little surprised during given how significant the economy is in the upcoming election.
we'll
see
what happens.
Uh So I mean like have a family, so that keeps me pretty busy. Um We like to play video games quite a bit.
Uh So they've
been playing a lot of Minecraft over quarantine. So I've been playing that with them quite a bit.
I got really into Fallout over the last few months, you know that game
Fallout?
Uh Lots of other stuff too but I won't bore you with the whole list I guess.
Yeah. Uh there's this there's
this, do you play PlayStation 4? Yeah they're just being told me that I really like I've been playing it like constantly
donkey.
Yeah it's like spelunker but yeah. Yeah
it's a
it's uh randomly generated kind of like judy platformer game.
It.
Yes
please
if you like that kind of stuff. It's really it's like one of the best of that genre.
So.
Organ
What have you played in sort of that genre?
Yeah.
I
played
after one of the major pat. I replayed it after one of the major patches but I think they patched it again like three times since I played.
Do you find yourself like building or more exploring? Going off? They're exploring?
Yeah. That game was really exciting to me when I first came out. I know a lot of people were disappointed by it but I ended up getting it used for like $15 so I really didn't care. I just wanted to try it out.
Sure. Yeah. I'm excited to see what they end up doing in the future if they make another game or something.
does.
Yeah. Rich.
Yeah. Quite a bit.
I have not recently but I have a little bit. Yeah.
With
who experience.
I like the magician. Yeah.
So
you, you've been doing it for a year you said.
So
were you just kind of doing like regular open mics or something like that?
There aren't any right now, are there? Yeah.
Do you like,
do you like Mark normand at all? Yeah,
he's got some good stuff on, just like quarantine and what and what not.
Do you listen to that podcast? I remember. Well, but Tuesday,
you know, I'm talking about joe Lifson. Mark norman have a podcast.
yeah, yeah,
I can find out. We got on my phone.
I
was
tons
of them.
There are tons of them.
Absolutely.
If you're, if you're interested, it's called Tuesday's with stories
europe
because
because you put out a special during quarantine. That was really good. It was on Youtube uh
Mark
on it.
and,
and I think joe, let's put out one like a week ago or something.
Well we have similar interests so I'm just, I'm just helping out.
for me, it's like doing the dishes, working out in the garden all the time and a lot of people just like start doing stores randomly because I want to listen to podcasts.
Yeah, I've got three kids.
Yeah, 14, 12
and
seven just turned seven.
Yeah, I'm 41.
Thanks.
Yeah, I think
like you look as old as you dress and maybe I, I just haven't like progressed in in what I wear.
So
How long have you had?
Usually friendly, I don't know.
Is he big?
How
long do they usually live?
Right. Yeah, especially in the beginning I kind of felt like, okay, this is, I don't know, we were a family of five in a small house together, okay. It was like this is kind of cool because we're spending tons of time together, we didn't normally get to do this, but then that sort of gradually morphed into, okay, everybody has their own screen there watching youtube for five hours a day. Like I'm just trying to like get outside any time I can or take a nap anytime I can get to get away. And so you really hold now, everything's kind of back to a somewhat normal schedule I guess. But
I'm not sure that's the thing we should be proud of, but yeah, that is true,
right? And we, you know, we're not going to restaurants, theaters or anything
like that so
yeah in a lot of cases I mean I think restaurants are actually open. Um I have not even tried to go we've gotten some like take some take out food and that's it.
I think they opened at like 50% capacity at first and I think they have
gradually increased their capacity or something but obviously I haven't really paid much attention to it because I wasn't planning on going so
it's well yeah it's not worth it.
What?
I know it's like it's like they do this sort of I don't know like childish thing where they know they have to wear a mask but as soon as no one's looking they pull it down to their
neck or something.
You hear all these videos on twitter? People having fights and grocery stores and stuff
come from?
they're
not.
Absolutely.
of course. Yeah.
In
the book.
All
we're
we're about out of time. Yeah.
Yeah we're we made it.
How many
of these have you done by the way?
That's number three.
I love prove what I've been doing. Like uh like it's the best one of these sites that I've that I've been on
going.
Sorry.
Not yet. I'm thinking about creating account. You recommend that
one?
How about a que me have you heard that one?
I got to
try that one. I haven't tried to get. Yeah
so
that's okay. Yeah.
Yeah. All right well good
talking to you