Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And your question. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. What is that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, at least thank you. Okay. Mhm. I'm gonna be doing. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. No problem. Yeah. That's what it comes with the territory of the credit. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Everything. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. From memory. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm.
Hello? I would, I would say good afternoon. I assume it is. Unless you're in hawaii good afternoon too.
Offered
central time specific time. Yeah.
Uh well, ostensibly a little awkward. How are you?
Oh, yeah, What's your name, David?
My name is Deborah.
Can you hear me? Okay, I got your button. Can you hear me? Okay.
So,
well, like everybody else's, I assume, kind of uh kind of kind of born kind of dull, kind of, a lot of working from home. Um Not not not too much other than what everybody else is experiencing. How's yours,
you're
you're a teacher, that's so perfect. That's such an interesting conversation to have. So you're in central time, what part of the country? And let's say
you're
in texas? Okay, that's a Wild West. So
so how are the regulations for how you guys are doing stuff? Is it local where you guys read is a more state oriented, How's it going?
Yeah.
About
three.
This
position.
it's tough, but there's no consistency. I live in California, I live in the central valley of California in a very, very red part of the state, um the house Minority leader, um whatever his name is. Uh
No
that's
his his
his his name is, Kevin McCarthy, his name. Uh He's the representative for this area, very red and the people here just do not give him uh there's there's good stuff coming down from the state side but local again, like you said, there's no enforcement, so a lot of people not wearing masks still. Yes.
good,
good.
It's
so
interesting.
Most are either online or doing some kind of very strict hybrid thing. I know in L. A. County for sure. It's just remote only. Um It's interesting, what's your hypothesis? What are you saying for the next month? Are you saying they're gonna loosen restrictions? Are they gonna tighten them up? Do you think?
Really, you're pretty sure about that?
I
don't disagree with you. I think that, I think, I think there's a lot of times in this country, we have to screw up pretty bad first, and then we're like, okay, hold on a second, let me do this different thing. Yeah. So
you say,
you
know what
grade do you teach? Okay.
Yeah. Uh man, I don't know. I feel like I feel like with this, with this whole climate, I feel like there's such an easy set of things that we should very obviously not do. And I feel like sending people in mass back to school. It's just it's got to be, it seems intuitively like it's just one of the easiest things to be like, oh, yeah, no, we shouldn't do that because we don't want to control the spread. We know how it spreads pretty much, but we want to control it. So it's like, let's not put people in ventilated areas together, I don't know, but like this this country,
it's very
interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. One thing I'm hopeful for uh with the minds that I have is that this pandemic will kind of illuminate how poorly equipped we are as a developed nation for taking care of people, you know, things like, you know, providing at least some extent childcare, providing to some extent, you know, basic living needs of human beings so that if something like this does happen or otherwise, I mean people are just taking care of, we don't have people being homeless right now just as a result of this. So
we'll see, okay, we've got a pretty we've got a pretty short memory attention span in our current time. So I feel like once it's done done, people just can't forget about it, you know?
I think, I think what more accurately I think it's that the population in general public will just kind of forget the lessons that should have been learned about this happening. I think that I think that it's going to fall by the wayside by the end of next year.
What
is
it?
You would think right, like it's
not that intrusive of a thing even if people seem to make it to be um But you would think that that would be something that people would be able to adopt pretty easily as a result of this. Right? I don't know, I live in an area, I'm sure you've heard of it, Bakersfield. Yeah,
just
a horrible horrible service. Um And and it's a big oil part of the state and the air pollution out here is just ridiculous. And so I think I think if people were more, I don't know, enlightened or keen to look out for, you know themselves and the kind of wise for surroundings, they're really not out here. But if they were they would do things like maybe start to wear masks just in general because the air pollution here so bad giving people hate beaver valley fever, all those victims, so your
things. But
it's a massive oil producing area and that's why it has in my interpretation of weeks. That's why it stayed in such a tightly red conservative mindset for so long because it's been in oil and it's been it's largest output as large as that for so long. It's agriculture and oil. This is too big things here. So it's too pretty, pretty consistent rural conservative values and that's why it's kind of stay that way for someone but it really does poison are really bad. Yeah. Yeah.
of
course not.
Regulations
makes it harder to do business.
Which is why I hear is the most environmentally sustainable form of oil. Uh
What is it, what's the word for that? Oil uh
extraction?
That's the word. That's what I yeah,
no, I don't know man, I just I don't know, it's so easy to, especially in something like this where people don't know each other in this kind of form, it's so easy to go into, you know, the things that are wrong and the things that are bad, but I mean
and this kind of right now especially
it's so easy, there's so much going on. I
little shit.
What was
that
before? Covid or after? Um Weird house. Um I like to fiddle fart around on like uh stock market, I like to do that, I don't do anything intense. I use a couple of apps that do fractional investments where you can just buy small slices of stocks, you can just kind of play with it. Um I do that. I play golf. Um I've been trying to start learning german since I've been home so much. Um But that takes more dedication than I think I have at the moment. Um. Mhm. Yeah not much else. I got a dog, got a girlfriend, I've got a very standard Mid 20's White Dude Life. Yeah.
I was actually I was actually the Navy. Uh
Yeah I I got my associates degree in the Navy and I just kind of decided to just stick with that. I work in I. T. Uh And certifications are kind of more important than a degree with experience so that's that's kind of that's kind of short and I wish I lived on to college retrospectively.
Okay, that's what I did do for a little bit now. It has phased into more of a part time role where I'm doing just transcribing. Um On the side there's a huge amount of work available for that. Um Just working from home typing what you hear, It's pretty standard. It I mean it makes me 1000 bucks a paycheck so it helps play a bit, Yeah, it's really helpful. But yeah. Right now that's a lot of working from home almost since I
I
know.
Well
look
you for love.
Well
itself it's so interesting how the whole thing plays out, luckily I wasn't one of those people and that it was my girlfriend too really, it's really impacted by the employment part but it doesn't financially you weren't impacted by it but it's still interesting watching that play out. I'm on Reddit fairly
often and one of the subjects that I visit from time to time is our slash unemployment and reading the stories over the last few 34 weeks people were posting ever since that peak right now. The federal unemployment aid. It is stark.
It's really bad. It's dark. Yeah.
Yeah. Until Labor Day. It's remarkable the inaction. I mean they call it the do nothing congress but
it's so important, it's so important and they're like you can wait. Mhm. And
then
there's
a good president man doing this executive orders. Like come on man you know there's not going to do everything. But what do you do? What are your hobbies before and during?
Yeah. Okay. What do you play? Yeah.
What?
excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent passenger.
that's where I boarded with mine so I guess that's fair.
No.
What's cool
spunky?
Is
it a playstation store? I'll do about it. Yeah.
that sounds awesome. I love
procedurally generated stuff. Yeah. Like
no Minister. I'm
into that.
it's
flunky. Huh? I'm gonna
look at it for sure.
Yeah. Really? The only thing that I've been able to get into for any amount of time, there's no man's sky and I got deep under that game. Oh
yeah. Especially after it came out with its patches, like a year or year and a half after at least and I got so much better. So
enjoyed
it.
They do. It's kind of one of those, it's kind of a Minecraft type feel where it's just like each patches like almost a new game, you know, it's so, so good. It's so easy to lose five hours a night. Just like I need to go to bed. What am I doing, you know?
I'm always trying to get fuel as much as I can and trying to get help with places. Yeah I haven't said I'm 24 and so that's kind of a projection of my current self was like don't settle down, just keep looking. Yeah.
At that point it's it's kind of a kind of a watch. But yeah, I think the problem was that they just they had such high expectations when they released the concept of the game and people like what, 2.8 billion worlds or whatever. It was like are you kidding? And they're like yeah you can do it. And they released the game and it was Chunky people were like this is not but they made right by releasing those updates. So
yeah if they do another game they'll fix all those problems in the beginning. I think. I hope at least they'll
did it right. Like ea with battlefield. Al staff. Yeah,
I'm doing much lately. I do miss, I forgot to mention one thing that I do. You listen to podcasts. Um,
do you listen to joe morgan at all?
Well, I'll just like, you know, he did release today a podcast, David Blaine and it is fascinated. But um, anyway, there's
David
Blaine.
yeah. He's about to be doing a stunt when he's going to hold on to a bunch of balloons and pull it off into the air. Yeah. Just like through the clouds send a great. Um, but I listened to a lot of podcasts uh, from comedians like top scorer joe Rogan. Uh mm hmm. A few of them work pressure. Andrew Santino. But all of them have been waxing poetic this whole time about how much they just can't do comedy. And it's interesting. I moved from Portland Paper school, started doing stand up in Portland kept doing even bigger still. And they're talking all this stuff like I hate not being able to go back to because that's the lightly, that's their job. So they put their life on. But I've been doing it for a year and I'm like, I can't wait to get back to, this
is nothing
up in Portland for a little bit and then, right, when I moved down here I took a little break down, they started doing it again and then freaking april
walk around something to do it.
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't moved past the stage of overnight yet. There was starting to seem like there was a little bit of promise in something a little kind of glimmer of some kind of possible upward movement. But um yeah, I hit four or five different spots here in baker skills, all of the available ones really, and do open mike can um
nothing, nothing since april, it's kind of cool because it's kind of nice because when I was doing it, I was kind of working with material that I wasn't right, super fond of, like, it wasn't really hitting on my check boxes and I had a lot of work to do with it, but since then I kind of just got described it just like that. I'm just starting
it. Yes,
yes, yes, yes, yes,
Yeah, he does,
I don't with that podcast now.
I didn't know. Oh
my gosh, what's it called, you know?
if
you
could let me know, I mean that's the thing about podcasts, it's
an extension
of the plaza,
There's possible, yeah. It's really gotten to actually. Um, but I feel like, especially comedians, it's such a good extension of their natural way of doing stuff because
companies just going on stage talking and just let him just having other people that you think for them. And so podcast has just kind of threw.
Thank you very much.
Yeah, I'm definitely going to make any
better. So
one? Good?
You
can, yeah. Just
missing everything.
I am just so out of touch. What is going on.
Thank you know. Yeah, No, thank you very much. I appreciate, I'm judging myself for it. I just can't believe I've been so out of touch. No, I'm definitely gonna check that out. I listen to podcasts probably too much. I mean, I listened to them in the car. I listened to them while I'm working out. I listened to bed. I mean I'm just always the same time.
that's really excellent times part of that. Hm It's so interesting man. Just, just hearing people talk. Mhm. I mean this is what this kind of study is kind of about the studying it, but hearing people talk and converse, it's such a gravitating, captivating thing. Yeah, it's not existing. You said you have a family.
Congratulations. How old is it?
Come
on.
What can I startled you?
That is remarkable. You look like you're 28 years old man.
That is, wow, that's when, that's when you were like I teach cards and like this guy looks a little young to be a professor
but
Yeah. You don't see a lot of 41 year old with beards like that. That might be it. You know, you are reported one at all. I was surprised but you sound, you sounded like without kind of like you got a good sense of what's going on. So I was like how is this one? The Mhm. Yeah I've
got this, I've met this bearded dragon over here and he just always meeting other people any time in the office. He's just just like giving you the fruity side of like such a mean little freaking
gosh, we've had him for I think just before quarantine stories, I think it was february. Yeah, we got him his name, Spiro after the last week died suddenly. So his name spiral. He's mean, he's not friendly, he's a bearded dragon but he's not,
they typically are at least docile most of the time they're friendly. Kind of uh No they're out, the outlook is pretty friendly, they're cool to chill on your chest and just hang out forever basically. But this guy, I mean when we feed him, he puts himself in the tank and he'll try to snap at us like he's kind of just a jerk. Yeah, me.
Yeah, I mean he's gotten why Saigon him. He's probably yea big, I mean this fat, I mean he's a big, he's a big dude and we got him when he was only this big just so I mean they grow so fast and
it's
I mean they can live up to 10 years. 10, 10, sometimes 15 years. Yeah, they lived a good long while, like we just got a dog and um March, I think that this guy, you certainly after we got a dog because we never had a dog. Um And she I mean the lizard might live longer than the dog, so it's just kind of nuts. But yeah, it's an interesting dynamic, This whole covid thing. Everybody kind of has to just realign and just go, okay, what's important, you know?
that's good. It sounds like texas is kind of on the forefront of getting people out and doing stuff again.
It has to be a nice change of pace for the individual people at least.
Are
they open? Okay.
That's man, that's remarkable. We've been to one restaurant this whole time and it was sit down outside, spaced out. There's 10 people and it was a freaking Texas Roadhouse. It was usually on the people there. Um But that's the only time we've gone. But most of the places out here are still well closed, like.
All
Yeah. Yeah, it makes sense. I don't I don't know why people would be going right now.
It's man, I tell you what this whole people will
support. So the walmart in our area, I know for sure they are obviously requiring people to wear masks in their stores um which means, and this goes along with the complicity I mentioned earlier, they have somebody out at the front door, they've got a line system kind of thing. Somebody will say, okay, where am I going in? They try to keep it a limited capacity. But you walk in the store with the mask on, covering into his mouth as a mask is supposed to do and you just see slews of people, no mask on it, all on their chin, under their nose, just like not caring and I'll give them daggers, I'll be like, hey, do you mind?
They
just say no, they take them off here, they put them on to get in the store and they're like, I don't care about any of you, people, whatever.
What
world, man, it's the sense of entitlement. It's got, I mean, I mean a lot of folks, especially the older generations, your unfortunately included. I'm not
talking
about you. Yeah. People talk about like millennials and gen z being super entitled and stuff like it's widespread, it's infiltrated. A lot of people in our society today.
Just one or two generations, you know, I mean, that's why Karen has become such a beautiful meat, you know about kevin.
so it's just,
it's
insane. Good
thing. I want
to
are we
that flew by a lot of fastening the first
one?
This is only my 2nd 1. Yeah,
but I mean I've, I've been on prolific for free.
Do you do
interact as well?
Do you do mturk as well?
It's
kind of hit or miss. You can go on one day and and make a good little bit of money pretty quick. You can go on three days and not get very much.
I use that for a lot of stuff. I'll use it for freaking Starbucks. I'll use it a lot of stuff you can make up. I mean if you spend an hour in there you can easily pull in five or 10 bucks without putting much effort into it and you can cash it out whenever. So
for
I highly recommend it. I
would send you invite like I think we're out of time to figure that out but
I mean you would get a bonus you get a dollar go inside of it so but whatever. But yeah you should definitely try. It helps a lot
good
talking to you too man. Take it easy.