mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. I haven't even started it. You're scared. Right? We can go for a walk a little later then we can go for a walk later then. No, I'd love to where Colton and I trust the other person hasn't joined yet. But it's still up. He's doing
that.
Hello? How are you
doing?
Well,
long day.
I know. Right. Yeah. I did another like I did another like it wasn't this but it was another type of video thing. Like really it was really long.
Yeah. It was like it was really weird. I don't know if I'm actually supposed to talk about it but like yeah it's just we've heard in the linguistic study. Yeah.
What?
Well
you
know
what do you say?
I've only done I think I've done two other ones before but they were like a while back. Mhm.
No. No. Not really. I don't know who is like watching these are like what they do with like
it
doesn't matter.
No no uh
I did one yesterday it was like it was just a regular survey and it was like it showed you like random computer generated images and like made you type in words is like how it felt. They look kind of scary though. We
cannot. Mhm.
Do you have a cat there?
Okay. I have a dog too you know. Come here.
on.
Oh he's a rat terrier?
He is
yeah. Yeah but he's good. Um
I actually got him kind of recently I got him about a month ago. Yeah but he's really good
Oh that's cool. Yeah. Um I wanted to get any like hypoallergenic type dog but
um this one like needed at home so I was like okay I'm like a little allergic to dog it's not terrible but
I'd read
have like a hypo one
wow that's so cool. What's
your other dog?
Oh cool. It's nice.
That's fair. Yeah. Um Yeah well technically dogs aren't allowed in this apartment but my landlord said I could like have this one for a little because I'm moving out in december anyway so. Yeah.
No.
Yeah right it's like its wing but whatever. Oh
true true
wow that's so cool.
No.
Well
that's
good.
Yeah dogs from breeders are always so expensive to there was cotton $900 or something like that
wow that's
crazy.
that's fair.
I got you that that's cool. That's cool.
That's awesome. Yeah I hope no I also have rats have five put rats.
They're good.
Let's
go. How worried your balls.
Yeah I've never I've never had one but they seem pretty cool.
I think I'm allergic to dribbles. I had like an allergy test, but
but
this
Well if they do the allergy tests, like the one where they like do the needles and they prick you those are. I actually learned kind of recently that those aren't really as accurate because it shows up online is like dogs I wasn't allergic to, and I was like, hey, I'm allergic. Like, oh yeah, sometimes we get like false negatives a lot, and I was like, okay, because my rats, I also get like a little bit of like contact dermatitis, like
I
get a little projects two,
but I didn't have red show up on my allergy test, so I don't know. Mhm. It could be like, and I was actually talking to my mom about this kind of recently, It could be also like they're betting like if they're betting is
on there you're allergic to the like tree like.
Yeah. I don't know. I have two older ones. I don't throw allergies to them but I have three babies and I throw allergies to the babies.
Yeah. I think it's probably because they have sharp claws, like kittens, do you know?
Yeah, but you can't see the scratches so it's like
No. Yeah, I totally get it. But yeah.
You know I wonder why.
Oh yeah. I wouldn't know. I know like male rats like secret more like skin oils than female rats do. But I don't know like
too much about it to be honest. I think,
Yeah, I got you. Cool.
How's the pandemic where you are?
Well that's too bad.
Oh my goodness. Yeah. Um We're doing pretty, I'm in new york state so we're doing pretty good and we're getting cases lower, I still haven't, I'm like at risk, so I haven't been out since um probably, you know, March Well.
Well that's totally like, yeah,
it
can
wear masks stay away from them, you know? Mhm.
I have people over in my yard sometimes though, like everybody had pairs and like distances with masks, it's pretty okay, I think so,
you know,
I've been doing well, I get most of
my groceries
from walmart and I've been doing the walmart, pick up the curbside pickup, they do it for bringing, that's that's nice, so and then sometimes I do all the all day, you have to pay a little bit, but it's not that bad, so
it was pennsylvania going up in cases
the county I'm from is actually really low right now, but the county
I'm is going up certainly. Mhm.
Yeah, wow, that's, yeah, I heard the, in the whole country, the
cases are up as much as they were um july
Oh yeah, I hadn't even thought of that. I'm a student right now actually, but all my classes online and stuff, so
yeah, probably my college is open for the most part, but like I'm just
choosing not to go to it, so yeah, but I still live in the area, like I have an apartment in the town because I do need to go out in for a little thing. I'm a music student and I haven't never recital this
summer after that I have to
give and
it's a whole thing button,
but
what
I'm a trombone player,
trombones right there. But yeah, um, it's a lot of fun. It must be interesting living
in a swing state right now. That would be a nightmare. Come on.
I don't really get anything, so at least that's good. I get text from, I get texts sometimes that I never get mail or email, I don't think I'm on the list yet.
And like, I don't get what they're trying to accomplish, like everybody already knows it's going on, like, like
it's not. No.
Yeah, no, really? But yeah, because new york always goes blue anyway, so it's not like I need to make a difference, but
I think that didn't pennsylvania go rod last term or
Yeah, you know.
no, I have cousins down there and like there's so much like propaganda whenever I drive there, like there was a huge cornfield in the middle of the corn field, there was a statue of the pita which is like, well mary holding the dead jesus and it was briefly one born
on it and like building lives matter. It's just like ever
everywhere.
Yeah. No I'm I'm right by the pennsylvania line actually Kind of Yeah.
I'm like one of the 1000 islands. My mom goes every year though right? Yeah, but it seems like it's fun. Um
that'd be fun. I live right near eerie actually, so I've been every now and then to see the philharmonic. Yeah I can get free tickets there because one of my professors plays in it, so that's actually cool.
Mhm. Oh my god, so I asked my partner to get me a glass of water and he filled up a vase.
I did not know it was a come well
oh it's just you mm. About whatever I guess.
Or no I haven't seen this isn't why I don't have a dishwasher in this apartment.
Everything is, it's so annoying.
Right? That's
Oh my God, I do the same thing. It's terrible.
Yeah, that's pretty much what I do too.
So.
I I usually like when I'm done with um just put them in the sink. Yeah
that's but I've been into making smoothies lately but there's a lot of clean like clean up for it. Like you gotta make sure to rinse. Everything are rusty.
Well my my grandmother gave me a blender so I was like I'll use it, it's good. It makes it it makes it easier to eat healthy because you can just buy a bunch of frozen through and like kale and stuff
and
korean. That's fair. I haven't done soda in a while but I still eat a lot of like junk food, like sweets and chips and not,
yeah, that is just what it is, I mean, whatever.
Yeah, right. Was the freshman 15? I didn't gain the freshman 15. I was lucky about that.
Well that's fair. Yeah, I don't know. I I haven't, I'm lucky, I haven't really yet gained weight or lost significantly ever, but I'm waiting for it,
so.
Oh yeah, and then because it's a wonder you're not getting exercise, you're just staying in the house. I'm
definitely. I need to get this dog coat because he keeps shivering all the time. Yeah,
we set up there.
Um he's going to be six in december. It was pretty old, but not like terrible old.
He's not pretty spastic. I think that's just breathe. But oh my God, I have so many boxes behind me right now. I would because I keep them for like making fires because when I had over, we make a fire because they're like what else are you gonna do? But like uh huh But I have no place to stir them besides behind the recliner so it's just like
bob and I feel kind of weird about it because during all my classes just like
this is the bathroom
and
No,
no that's fair. That's I I have a desk in my bedroom but like I don't I don't know, I'd rather just like sit on the couch.
Oh yeah. Yeah, that's fair. I I used to have a desktop. I should I should use it at some point. My step dad actually he's a
computer technician. He built it. What? But
I've got a pretty good laugh up now
I'm gonna because it's all the editing and stuff.
No, totally. Yeah.
Well
yeah that's good. I've had this one, I got it for a graduation present in high school, but I got it like a year late, so I've had it for four years now, I think. Yeah.
So,
You know this is a is a nice one. It's an M. S. I. If you that brand, but
they're good. It's technically it's like a low tier gaming laptop, which is kind of
Well,
That's cool. Do you play again use at all?
What? What do you play?
I've never tried that.
No,
that's cool.
I've got a lot of friends that play that. No,
I know right there. Children
and
No Simms is fun. I like, oh my God, who did he's with
lots of open. Yeah. All
buddy. You gotta get that. No. Uh Up here, come on, good
boy.
I
just
Mhm. He's like, you're done with classes, you should be giving me attention. But I mean, my partner just took him for a walk like like 10 minutes ago, but like we're frustrated this so um What? Whatever. But no, wait, what was it saying? Oh there's something I'm gonna say and I can't remember
it.
I put a lot of games I play like Skyrim. I used to do that a lot. Uh recently
I haven't been playing too much. I've been playing if you know Dragon Age, it's well getting turning that. I've been doing a lot of among us because that's what everybody else is doing.
I mean it's free on mobile.
Yeah, it's fun. I actually I bought the game, it's only five bucks. I bought it on steam because it was just like, you're gonna play on the computer. It's a nice to play with like friends and with like a group of people. But like yeah, it's um it's like Town of Salem or Poppy are rare Wolf if you've ever played any of those games, but like real time. So it's like yeah, but yeah, I've liked that it's actually been out for two years. People just recently discovered it. I guess it's funny though, like developers probably just like put it up and like everybody forgot about it and then it got really big a few years later, like.
Yeah, I got risk of rain too, that's pretty fun. Um And then I've been playing Overwatch for like a long time. I haven't played it in a while, but I think tonight, you know?
Yeah, it's like TF two if you remember that, that was a while ago.
Did
you know that was the whole part?
I don't I don't play too much of that. You either. If I'm playing a game, I want to be having fun. I don't want people like
Mhm. No, I get you, that makes sense. Oh, I finished like this whole can of Pringles today. They're the Memphis barbecue ones. I would rely on them. They're really,
yeah, they're better than normal barbecue.
I do too. But like, so I said I was doing like the pickup orders, so like if they don't have something, they just like substitute it with something else. So I got people because I really like the pizza Pringles too, but they substituted them of ranch ones and I do not like the restaurants.
Yeah. I don't know. I think it's just who's over on shift is like.
wow. What? My partner likes them so he's eating them and that's good for whatever.
Mhm. They're weird that they taste almost like normal Pringles, but like with a tiny bit of ranch flavor.
See the
originals get boring after a while for me.
I like
the flavored ones. My friends.
they're good. Do you like dill Pickle chips?
People either love
those or they hate them. The Pringles, Dill pickle are not very good, they're
very light flavor, but they're okay. I don't know. I'm not a kind of sewer. Yeah.
Do you have all day where you are?
There's a really good souls to called, I think it's just called like roasted tomato, but it's like one of the organic ones. It's not that expensive though. Um
That's like some of the best songs that I've had, it's like a mild one, but um
I don't really like hot salsa,
I'm okay with like hot other things sometimes, but I don't know.
Yeah, it's roasted, I know it's roasted tomatoes, something I don't know, maybe it's like uh huh But everyone have been soft pretzels lately with nacho cheese.
That's really good. I get like the Tostitos not charging.
It's
so good and it's fun to dip the pretzels and it's probably pretty unhealthy. I had no,
I've been eating like one or two of those a day that only for a week. Yeah.
No. Yeah, it's good. I mean whatever.
huh.
I haven't actually had dinner today. All I've had is snacks. All I've had, I can't even remember now. I think for breakfast I just had two pieces of toast with nutella and then I had the pretzel just carbs. So I guess I got to eat more, right? I've been so tired all day because I stayed up last night till like 5 30 doing um a lesson plan. It was just like, I'm allergic to gluten major. Mm So
let and
what
you know why
you held out all the way to student teaching. That's like along I'm in I'm in a five year program so I just get my Bachelor and Master's together. But I'm supposed to be a student teaching next semester but we're seeing what's happening with Covid. So
that's fair. Would you go back and get a teaching certification or no?
Oh like like being a professor you think?
that's valid. Yeah. My luckily my program certifies me K through 12 so I can pick and choose. But yeah because it's music. So there's also like less jobs kind of.
Yeah that's true. I kind of I've been thinking about opening like an animal rescue non for profit at some point in my life.
Yeah. I feel like they'd be fun. And then I could also offer private music lessons. Yeah.
And then probably like him a certification program, right? Like,
yeah. Well, at least you get the warm mother. Um,
I
don't work. I was, uh, like a couple of years ago, I was thinking about doing like an instrument repair certification program, but I ended up not doing it because I don't know. I would have to go Minnesota and I don't even know where Minnesota is on a map. Bye.
It's nowhere. I could probably label it. It's like the state that looks like, I don't know that. It was about like,
that's
the world,
but like, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's always
like, what was that? But
Yeah. Right. Why are you get a lot of snow here? Like a fact. I'm right next to like you,
you're
like you or the oceans. I guess it's a big state.
More.
Where in new york city was it?
You started when I was in like high school for like all county bands or all statements and that's what I want. It's
fun.
Well
yeah, there's a lot of cool places like Naples has some really good grapes. They have like a great fest usually in the fall. I'm from Rochester originally and they have like lilac festival every
year. There's a bunch of lilacs everywhere. That's really once you're cool stuff though, There's a grand festival somewhere to, I just don't know where that is.
Press
what?
Yeah, I've never mind in New york city actually, despite living in the state.
Oh wow. Now I'm like eight hours from it. So
I actually
meeting a friend drove to Long Island
a few years back, but um, didn't actually go through the city, but
well, no, he fairly don't power.
Mhm. Well hopefully things will get better. I
don't think I don't think it will get better for a while though you
know.
Yeah. Which who knows even how long that will be like. All right. Well I think are
we up on
time
now?
then. Well it was great meeting you.
we're gonna rescue.