he's
got
Good. How are you?
You know
more?
Yeah, me too. Well finally get to sit down for the night.
Yeah, I wasn't.
Okay. I've got a few strange studies
on there, but I'm like, I don't want to, this is for, but I'm getting paid so I don't really care.
I didn't
want
to leave today.
I did one of these yesterday's, this is my second line. It
You're not so bad.
I have no idea what's
going
on at some point. Well, Uh huh.
Well.
It is
what
I have two dogs.
What kind
of heart?
Oh, he is cute.
A lot of energy.
Mhm.
No, what find actually a standard poodle?
Well,
and
and
yeah, he's actually not mine. I'm raising him for a service side organization, so he'll be leaving in about a year.
so
she's a springer spaniel. She's actually my mom's dog, but I'm watching her for a week, so
I'm hoping to get my own dog enough in the next year or so.
I
don't think destructor was like kids and stuff, so I don't understand that, but
I guess it's their building so they could be as picky as they want.
I'm hoping to get a wind sprite, which is like a little long hair greyhound is what they look like.
Yeah, so I'm looking into
breeder right now and well see it's
hard
to get
there's like really long wait lists for dogs right now, so.
Yeah, the wind spreads are about 15 hundreds.
Well
I'm saving up for a long time, so. Mhm.
You know I'm big into like rescue and stuff but I just want to Poppy to work with so I'm hoping
I'm hoping to like faster and stuff on set dog settled, so
I've had rats in the pass
right now. I have gerbils and rabbits and guinea pigs and dogs.
I'm pretty full
yeah they're really nice. I like they're very easy to maintain.
Yeah they're not like those social those rats but they're not like super skittish or anything. They're they like coming out for food and they'll come out and sit on your hands and. Okay.
Okay I'm
actually Durant's randomly but
not enough. Uh huh.
just mind what you got to hold on and stuff. I'll get a little itchy. It's not
like,
too.
so
yeah that could be that could definitely be possible.
wow that's weird.
they probably made like little tiny scratches that get irritated with my bass guest with them.
No and it's worth it. They don't make me too too itchy.
But I have no one just of dogs or cats or anything like that. It's just rats randomly. So something with,
yeah, it's just something about it. I know they like have oils and stuff too so it could be something like that. I don't know.
Well
let's have something I really care that much about. I just kind of deal with it.
Right, you win.
Well um we just went up a lot in cases again so
yeah, waiting for him to shut it down again probably but we'll see.
Yeah I think I'm about to two months chills. I still live with my parents and their older so I don't want to like bring it home.
I
like
that you have a service dog organization I'm with, I go out with them a lot and a lot of them are at risk too. So I just try to like not, I don't wanna be passed around people.
As reported the interesting year.
Yeah. Outdoors doesn't bother me as much. It's inside.
So I try to let go to stores and suffering not so busy
will
smith.
I love pennsylvania. So
it is in my area. I'm not sure about the rest of the state near
so.
Yeah. It actually hit like an all time high of new cases like this last week. So
And
I think part of it because of schools going back into Sasha, but I don't
Yeah. I know a lot of Childers didn't open back up is like the like high schools and stuff and I think that's probably where it's coming from.
I'm
Well
after
big
What
are you doing
with music?
Okay. I used to play the front torn.
Or
our mail right now is literally just all political. Yeah.
Our mail back really just full of it from both sides and I'm like this is such a waste of resources printing all this stuff out.
Like
more, I'm gonna tune into tv and stuff, I'm not gonna, the mail isn't gonna fix anything.
Well they usually pretty blue but we've been kind of the things that the last couple of times so
maybe up
what a surprising to me, but
That's
World
Well interesting that in this way I've been hoping to vacation up in the new york state at some point. Not new york city too much for me, but
I was hoping like the 1000 islands area for regime, right.
It looks like it and I have a friend up there that keeps wanting to meet me in person. So I was thinking we're making a trip out of it next year maybe.
that's nice.
But,
but you're really thirsty.
Whatever works for the rest of the rest of the dishes must be dirtier.
Oh yeah, that's such a pain.
Just
let up, let me just let it, I let my empowered for like a week. I finally did them today.
I rather just do it all at once and like doing it constantly.
Oh, I at
least like all of them, but I don't clean them all the way until I actually feel like it. Yeah.
that makes it so they don't get like disgusting but
Yeah I have to like be in the mood for that.
I
tried all three here and there but I'm still like stuck on so dems.
but as long as you're changing some things out here and there and getting better slowly.
Yeah whatever especially when you're a college student and so much easier to eat unhealthy.
I actually lost weight in college as I was walking all over the place all the time. So
I
thought wait a lot especially over the winter because I just, I enjoy all the like hot hot chocolate and
then you dinners and yeah.
Yeah.
how old is he?
that's a good age. That's when they're not quite so spastic but not super old dad.
Whatever
john
who cares
this room is
and I guess we just can't see it.
Oh yeah, my, his old rival desktop. So I'm like kind of stuck here. So
what?
parents.
I need to get desktops. I do photography and I like burned out to laptops, swing it so
and it's like huge files and stuff and I just, yeah, I burnt to laptops and like, you know, I'm just going to spend the extra my negative. Really nice that stop, I don't have to worry about it anymore.
It's
been going like four years now, so
My
lap lasted about two years each before they burnt out. Yeah.
No.
I have an easiest that I got a gaming ASIS laptop so I had like something to use my nuts sitting
at my desk and it's been working out really well.
I do, yeah,
um arc is one of my big ones,
it's like some dinosaur,
but
yeah, and League of Legends I've gotten back into,
I'm not like big into it because people in their relief
grammar like
hospital, I just like playing for funds. Uh huh And um sims I like to play for that in a while.
Happy.
he's uh
whoever
looks this is going to be like, well then, yeah. Oh, that's what
my puppy
yesterday when I did this, my puppy was barking is big and I was like, I hope that doesn't like mess this up for, but I still got paid so
We're
talking about games, yeah.
Uh huh
Oh yeah, I haven't tried that yet. My friend keeps bugging me to try it and I haven't haven't downloaded it yet.
Yeah, I'll probably get it at some point and try it out.
Yeah, they're probably ok speaking, picking that back up again.
it's mostly like a PVP type of a game, isn't it?
Legal watch ins is like, I don't like the PDP part of it too much as people are just
so
Yeah, well you can play like last serious versions of it. There's like a Yeah, but I don't feel like the rank type stuff. It's just Uh huh.
exactly. Well, it's not range, but it's not quite as bad.
I don't really know.
Okay, I do love Pringles.
Oh, that's kind of ringing so
A lot of they just pick whatever
anymore. It works out please.
Okay. I don't think I'm over trying before I you just eat the originals
well,
yeah, they do good. I just don't see them. Very optics. They do get kind of boring.
What?
Well, I even try them out sometime. Yeah.
Yeah, I do, yes,
it's
And
Yeah, I kind of just eat boring boring chips usually, but I do like, like tortilla chips with salsa. So my thing right now.
Yes, they do,
Uh huh.
Okay. Yeah, I like mild, like the hot stuff
well
I have to be like in the mood for it and like eating chips and salsa, It's like too much of its had.
Well,
but she's too that's really
good.
Her.
Uh Yeah, I junk food all the time. I can't help it.
You only live once, right? Mhm.
Oh.
I hope,
I was in school
for education but I ended up switching off of it.
Um I got into the student teaching and I just didn't I didn't match well with the teacher I was stuck with and they wouldn't switch me away from her, so I was like, you know, I'm not going to know the whole semester of this, she like wouldn't let me, she wouldn't let me teach or anything, she just like have me doing errands for the whole time, so I was like okay, this isn't what I'm paying for.
Yeah, thankfully I have like my english major is pretty much all done at that point, so I didn't like lose out on anything, it just I had to go like a semester over to finish stuff up.
I've been kind of thinking about it because I don't like the online teachings become really big and I think I'm actually like that a lot more than like in person.
Yeah, something like that. I just, I didn't like high school kids. Yeah.
Yeah. Like music. You can do your own teaching elsewhere too. You can start up your own business or anything to
Yeah, that would be really neat.
hoping to go back to school for dog training and a couple of years. So
there's sort of after. But on the Virginia for it needs to do like four courses down Virginia in between everything. Was I lying so
hopefully it'll be
fun.
Airport north.
I want to
say it's like
a left of Wisconsin. Maybe
my girl
for more up there and they get a lot of snow. So
Is there a
lot of
yeah, yeah. I was just looking at it now because one of the winds from readers, I was looking into us in new york and I didn't realize like new york city was like so far south. I always thought like everything was normal, but I'm like terrible
photography.
Um, they're actually an ethical, so it's like, it's like new york, so yeah.
So
yeah. So hopefully at some point I get my get out there sometime. It's a beautiful state outside of the city. I'm not a big fan of big cities.
I have absolutely no interest in going to new york city.
Well,
It's really not that fire for me to go up to new york. It's just, I
just never
like how close it really was.
I'll have it, you know, happy that I don't like two hours from it.
Hi Marlene. Some are
you
well,
father being trained just to see what it's like. But then with cold. But another thing I don't really want to be down there, so
valuable for a few years
more
now.
I think it's just pretty much gonna be one of the vaccine without, I guess.
Then.
The
crowd.
Yeah. We should be. My things is 30 minutes. So, Oh,
I was great talking to you. I didn't feel like that's that's good. Bye.