Uh huh. Yeah. Huh. Huh. Yeah. Yeah. Hello,
how are you?
Good, good. How are you?
Not too bad. How about you? Yeah
give me
I'll take
care
of prosper.
What
do you do?
it sounds like a big deal.
Yeah. Oh yeah. Do you like your job
this
I'm doing PhD and also working as like research estimates. Oh yeah
that's about it basically going to school every day. Yeah. Very
dearly
uh I live in Arizona.
No it's it's phoenix.
Chandler. Yeah, it's very close by. Yeah.
so you've been here? Oh
How you like it? Good.
I like it so much yet. Yeah. Especially after the summer you know the better. That's very pleasant. Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. But but it's like uh what's good about phoenix is like when it's dry heat, you know when the sun sets after the sunset it's it's getting pretty product like cold so it's not like you know Miami or some other places where you know the humidity is very high. Yeah.
Uh I went to Wisconsin yeah
and
Yeah.
Uh Not really, that's something that I'd I'd love to. Yeah it's
I heard it's
it's very different. Yeah.
Remember,
Uh
Um I mean I've been to Chicago like I think was doing during december, it was so freezing. I never experienced such called before. Yeah but I was thinking that it's just because of that lake.
Yeah.
my
no.
that's
that's
extreme.
that's X
ray.
Yeah I can imagine. I can imagine and I I've been to I've been to north Carolina and it has such a beautiful better as well so. Okay.
Yeah I can imagine this hardship. Mhm.
I
didn't bring
Yeah. Do you do hiking or something like that?
That
sounds fun. Have you been to hiking here in phoenix?
Yeah. Yeah, there are like a lot of nice um yeah hiking paths you I I do I do often actually, but not recently, it's like you know, they were both the pandemic, all the all the life changes so you can you can yeah, you don't do you things that you usually do.
I mean
Uh No. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, I mean honestly didn't change much.
Yeah because you know um in in the university city, in university setting as a researcher, you always have the flexibility to work from home. You are not always like have to be on campus. Yeah. And I'm like a guy, you know, I was like their introverts in terms of you know uh focusing on research and everything didn't change much. But you know sometimes you feel so isolated and you want to go to campus and it's not an option. Even if you go it's just like a dead city. Nobody's there. Yes.
Oh,
what was
he there?
Oh, that's quite a memory.
Yeah.
Yeah. I can
Department
Does she adopt the technology though?
Yeah. I can imagine. I can imagine.
As well.
It's a match. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. How do you like it so far? Do you remember working or you
have to go
to your,
you never heard.
Not much change that,
no. Yeah.
Did
you do you work with appointments?
What?
Uh That's um not about another about arrangement. Yeah.
Well that's good by the way you yeah. You know what like you know before this conversation starts they ask you like to uh two questions right about you know how you feel today in terms of your positivity and how energized you are. I think This is my third time doing this. By the way the conversation and then the most I um indicated was seven. I was I was just thinking you know is there any person like who is like killing nine or something like that? And then I saw you. I was. Yeah. She yeah she must have indicated night. Yeah. Yeah.
But
what?
Absolutely. I mean
I mean I I felt your energy so it's it should
be,
It's very, very nice I think. Yeah, I have to say that. Yeah.
Yeah, today, today I attended um yeah, I attended a panel for, you know, some like big guys from our field, they had a panel for, you know, run young researchers, young faculty candidates, let's say, you know, providing some advisers, you know, some sharing some experiences they had, they asked them some questions like Uh you know, if you go back in future like 10 years black, 20 years, 20 years ago or something like that, what would you do differently? I was like, I'm just heard the I wouldn't say anything I guess. Yeah. And then I was just thinking if I go back like five years ago, 10 years ago, what would I do differently? I came up like, you know, I have no idea. Is this a is this a relevant question to you? Okay.
Come
on.
Uhh
I
mean
come on, well
that's
very
good.
mm.
Are
you speak french?
good. Oh
No it's
I mean it's it's got this big another language. Yeah
martin
Yeah. Uh Yeah I don't think they're gonna change much in your life. Right. Yeah
a little bit more about fair, that's it. Right, yeah I'm in I think that's you know that's kind of a life, you know everybody should expect and hope for that, you know, no regrets, nothing to change. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah all the obstacles comes with lessons unless yeah, if you yeah if you if you take then you're good to go.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right.
so right now like I'm just I'm about to graduate in a couple years I think less than a couple years, so I will, you know, I'll be in the job market, I'm just hoping to, you know lend a faculty position in somewhere in the United States, so if I if I can do that I will be happy I guess. Yeah,
other than yeah, other than that I had a very complicated life until right now, so I came here three years ago basically moved here from Turkey. Yeah, so it's been just three years, you know, um very different culture, no family, you know, I'm trying
to add
up. Yeah, yeah, I'm trying that it's you know, different experience so far and I'm just yeah, I'm just doing it.
Yeah.
it's yeah, it's been pretty lonely and I'm kind of like the I told you before I I got used to it, I like it in fact. Yeah.
that's
not too bad. Yeah not too bad. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it is, it is. So I'm working on this autonomous vehicles, the self driving vehicles. Yeah.
So you know with the technology you don't know what to expect from future in terms of like you know urban environment, the transportation systems, yeah everything's gonna change. So we are trying to get in, get ready for that and there are a lot of yeah a lot of opportunities and funding and many people you know trying to get a chunk from and so it's yeah it's it's very competitive and then we'll see what's going to happen.
No.
they call it for tourists for tourism. Heuristics. Yeah.
I'm
very, yeah, I like the numbers still. Don't worry. Yeah.
Absolutely. Yeah that's how they do it. Right. Yeah.
Mhm. Uh So I'm coming from an engineering background so I wanted to, you know, I wanted something that involves people as well. You know,
you hate working with machines all the time. Just trying, you know, uh increase the effectiveness. Come up with a new product. It's kind of so boring. At least it was for me. So I wanted something you know that I can relate my background in engineering and plus have some human aspect. So I found myself in transportation.
Yeah. You might imagine this like you're gonna send your vehicle to run your errands basically. Yeah.
Yeah.
There are a lot of people like you know, looking for this, you send your car to pick up you know stuff deliveries, all the other stuff pick up your kids if you have one that's you know kind of very different future. I didn't know how it's going to happen, how much how much we can realize that but it's kind of like you know fascinating being part of this. Yeah
that's about it. So have you have you always lived in Minnesota or and other places?
So pretty
much all of us. Right.
How
that scene?
That sounds
very
No I lived in Turkey and I moved inside the Turkey in different places, different cities. I moved to Qatar, Middle Eastern country Uh and then I lived there for three months. I lived in D. C. in 2006. And then yeah
I
lived
in yeah it was so it was so nice back
then
you
know. Yeah I love easy to And I was 16 when I moved there for language school
And then
yeah I lived in I lived in Virginia for a while in 2011 and then I visited like I think around charlie countries so far.
I mean that's a lot. That's a lot
which is what is the other one
yeah
Oh
yeah what's up? Yeah I was gonna say yeah I was gonna say
circle
no.
I
yeah I've been to Norway yeah I went to Norway
so
yeah I've been yeah it's such a nice
like
yeah it was so nice, very
different
people.
Yeah it's very beautiful. Uh And then I mean nature wise it's very beautiful. People
are very nice. Yeah people are very nice and then very different political environment. Yeah
you
No I'm gonna say it's a nice tendency to visit. Yeah I'm from I'm from Istanbul by the way. Yeah. Yeah
I live there.
there are a lot
yeah. Yeah yeah a lot of history, a lot of culture you know? But if yeah if you've been to Greece.
No. Yeah I mean if you go uh if you guys download you should do at least uh
a lot of history.
you know?
Uh
Yeah I like Germany but I did the same thing. I traveled around europe the train. It was so fun. It's that.
Right. Right right. Yeah.
for now or. Mhm.
Yeah my back at least. So I wanna I wanna go somewhere in I think Pero yeah fair Australia, new Zealand. So those are the places I wanna see and Tanzania some some place in africa and probably South africa and then that's about it and Japan and Korea as well. So if I if I see if I see all those places before I die I would be happy. Yeah.
same
here.
You too. You too. Thank you so much and
yeah all the best for your life. It was
very nice talking to you.