I know,
how are you doing?
I'm good thanks. It's gonna start a timer. How's your monday been so far?
pretty good. Pretty busy. I had a couple
of days
off of
work
last week so um first day back to work after a couple days off.
Pretty crazy. So yeah.
Um I manage a bank so yeah.
Um I mean yes and no um It's a pretty, I'd say it's like a standard job these days, very customer service focus Um definitely came back to like 64 emails that needed attention in addition to a bunch of other junk. So most of my day was been putting out problems from last week.
I do I do I absolutely love
it. I like working with people. How about you? What do you do for a living?
D
ari
I'm from Minnesota um yep. Yeah. How about you?
Oh my goodness, we're in Arizona, if you don't mind me asking.
Sure sure one of my um a good family friend lives in Chandler um
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And um she used to live in phoenix properly, thanks. So we visited her there quite a few times over the years.
I absolutely love phoenix.
Yes. Yeah. How do you like it?
Yeah. I
one of the things, you know, people like always say like yeah, it's hot, but it's like a dry, dry heat so you don't feel it as much, but like when it's over 100 it feels really hot, whether it's humid or not.
it just kind of always feels gross. Yeah. Yeah, I absolutely, I I really like phoenix, it's like I think it's beautiful and there's a ton to do usually. Obviously covid has change some things there, but yeah, have you ever been to the midwest?
we're very similar. I mean
Wisconsin, you know, just because neighborly hatred, but yeah, very
similar. Um You, have you ever visited in the winter?
I
think
It is, it's very different and I think it's uh it's pretty fun to experience. Um you know, we've already had our first snowstorm snowstorm of over 10"
this year. Um It was actually October 20 and it was pretty early for such a big snowstorm. Yeah, every
year. That first uh that first snowstorm makes me think like why am I living here? But you know, you get over it.
The Chicago does get quite a bit of a temperature difference from the lake. Um I think it's like an average of 10° if I'm not mistaken. Um warmer
once you get farther inland away from the lake, so it definitely is really, really better in Chicago. But um like my my sister, her, her boyfriend just recently moved here, he's from north Carolina and he's lived out in Portland and um like moving here we were talking and I was like okay, so like what's the coldest temperature you ever remember? And he was like, well, you know, it gets down to like thirties and I was like, okay, well last year we got down to negative 30 and then with the wind chill
factored in it felt like negative 50 and you know, you can have It
can be harmful to humans after one minute outside. So
I was like, you really, really need to prepare yourself mentally to think about the fact that the coldest you've ever been, it's gonna get 60° colder than that
so far.
He does
not
enjoy it.
yes, yeah, like north Carolina is pretty darn temperate, so
he likes a lot of the other things around here. But you know covid makes everything a little bit hard because the things that make a place often
worthwhile
to move to, you know you know you can't go to the theater, you can't go to the restaurants and you know you still get a lot of the outdoor activities or at least you did get to experience that which were very very into in Minnesota. But
yes we do like a ton of hiking. Um We have a bunch of lakes so you know people are usually really into boating and water skiing and that kind of thing. Um
We went on quite a few hikes this summer though um Like we tried to get out most weekends for a decent hike. So
um kind of like we went over and did like a small hike. I don't know that I would really call it hiking um But we did just like t little bit, is that something you like to do?
definitely. I think that was the like the pandemic was really actually what made like my group
of friends and family here um get a lot more into hiking because you know things that we used to do in the past like um go to karaoke or go out to bars that wasn't an option anymore, but meeting up and going to a state park was an option. So yeah, but obviously none of us are our doctoral research assistance. So
yes. Has uh how would you say Covid has changed your day to day life?
No.
My mom works for a university um
as well and she
has
been able um she is actually okay, so she works for the office of research at the University of Illinois College of Medicine in Chicago at Rockford.
Yes, it took me a while to remember her position, she used to be a clerkship coordinator for the medical college and now she's moved into the office of research and um I
don't know what her day to day stuff looks like, I know she's very hands on with the medical students um but um she's you know she's considered essential to the university into the daily operations and she is supposed to be working from home when possible, but she lives in a very rural rural area, so the internet connectivity is not great. Um
But then they like her university made a new rule that only one person per um department
can come in. Yes, so like now she and her boss are having to like try to change off days um and she said it's like it's really pretty problematic because they'll need to be in communication with each other, but if they're not on campus they have connectivity issues. So Holy World.
Yeah, you know it would be nice. I know the university did give her some, they gave her like a hot spot to try to use, but she's just so rural, the internet is just not good enough to support, video calling is really the biggest thing.
Yeah and she has two young Children um that are also trying to do um there in person school right now, but it's probably about to flip to all digital
uh so then when you have three people trying to connect.
definitely.
I
don't
have the ability to um so
no, no, like in my position I really have to be at the banking center. Um The only time I worked from home was when I was actually presumed positive for Covid, I worked for home at that time because I was not very ill, just a mild case. But we were in the middle of, you may have heard something about the P. P. P. Loans, the, yep, so we were in the middle of that when I was pretty positive for Covid and uh it was just like a massive undertaking for all banks, so it was all hands on deck and so I was working from home during that. But other than that I really have to be at work hey?
No, no, I mean
we have closed our lobbies of clients can't come in and we do most as much as we can online or through the drive through. Um which is a challenge for our clients and not a lot of them are comfortable with that. Um And then you
know, we'll see
we do schedule appointments. Um But then there are certain things like a lot of times feel they're like, hey can I schedule an appointment to do this? And I'm like actually, you know, we're being very strict on what we would like to schedule an appointment inside.
Um So if there's another way to do that, I'll just tell them how to get that done um You know, as as nicely as I can, I don't want to be like, no, you're not allowed in.
Yeah, no, you know, it definitely works. We can still take care of clients and get everything that done that they need done while also trying to keep our staff and our other clients, you know safe as much as possible.
You know, I like I do like talking
to people and being with people. I think that probably has been the hardest part of covid
for me is like the social isolation and I'm probably a bit more extroverted than you. But um
yeah like it's it's a challenge for me um you know like I'll see favorite clients and um and they'll be like hi miss you and I'm like yeah I miss you too and not seeing my family and you know that kind of thing like that, it's been a pretty big challenge and I'm trying to stay connected through like video calls and that kind of thing, but it's not quite the same.
Well,
thank you.
What they ex I appreciate that.
find that interesting. Usually I kind of think um not a person who like super beliefs in like fate or determination or anything, but generally speaking I'm very happy with the way that my life is now. And um like if I went to one college for my freshman year and I transferred to a different school. Um and like academically I performed better at the first school,
but
that's partially because I was very socially isolated. Um
and
then in my
next school I wasn't, I had great groups and great friends. Um so my grids, you know, I didn't have a four point oh anymore. Um still graduated with honors, but
but
you
know, that's
where I met my husband and um,
and if I hadn't gone to that school, I might not have studied abroad and then I wouldn't have become passively fluent in french and then I wouldn't have started working at the bank that hired me to translate
french.
Not as much anymore. Um Five. Oh gosh, seven years ago actually worked as a translator.
I only did that for like a year and then after that, I haven't had I moved away from the place where I was doing most of my translation and I still occasionally will um you know, flex my french muscles but not as often as I should,
but
it is and I definitely try it and actually now my younger sibling is learning french, so we're working on it together, but like I, you know when I look at the way that things have worked out, it's very hard for me to go and say yes, I would change this because I don't know, you know what dominoes that would change. I think being a financial person I do think about um as as much as I know how important it is to save for retirement, that is a challenge. Um And my husband is actually um in law school right now so we're still you know one income and significant expense family. Um So like if I if I were to go back
10 years I would probably be like okay well don't eat out and put that money into your your retirement savings instead, like things like that to be a little bit more practical.
Yeah.
I you know, I guess I don't think that regrets are very useful um You know, psychologically still.
Yeah. And you know if you were in a spot where you really hated where you were in your life, then you know maybe you could take that and find it to be useful and change things, but that's not where I am.
So you wouldn't change anything if you could Like looking forward in the next 10 years, if you could do anything that you wanted and not have limitations, what would, what would be your biggest goal to accomplish?
absolutely.
that's
hard.
definitely. I can't, I can imagine that has to be pretty um
lonely. Thank you.
well that's
good,
definitely. And you obviously have a lot to to work for and you know, that's that definitely helps, like, is your field pretty competitive?
Yeah.
I find that fascinating, like I love
the people who are paid as, I'm gonna mess up how you say it, but the, you know, the future ology and people who study and then try to predict things. I
yeah, I think that's really, really interesting. I definitely don't have the the mind for that. Pretty, I'm really good with numbers like you
give me
the numbers and making those make sense, I'm good with that but like the thinking about how systems and and uh grand schemes are going to change over time. That's uh I'll leave that to someone else.
So there what what drew you to that field?
I'm sorry.
I think that's very cool. I think um I mean the idea of like self driving cars is is really interesting especially from like an accessibility standpoint that I I would think that's fascinating.
Yes
please I'm going to sign up for that.
it definitely is. That's a very cool industry to work in.
I lived in a quite a few places in the U. S. Um mostly like I was born in pennsylvania and spent most of my childhood in Minnesota and then um my teenage years in college in Illinois and um
then
midwest and a little bit of pennsylvania but mostly midwest and then like I said I studied abroad in uh in college. I spent like seven months living in France. Um But yeah that's pretty much me. Um
Not
lot.
How
about you? Turkey And then Arizona,
Did you
like
it?
I love
D.
C.
Oh that's
interesting time to be living there.
Very cool that you definitely have me beats. Um I think I'm only at like six countries outside the U. S. That I visited. So yeah
and I mean it's a decent about this. I actually um I definitely want to get to Turkey. It's it's one of my um I think Turkey and Dory, I probably like my number one and two on my wish list to visit so
Norway. Yes.
Yeah my family's Norwegian. Um Actually
um
actually my um my grandpa, almost all, he had 12 siblings and he was the only one born in the US, everyone else was born in Norway. So
um yeah, so we still have very strong ties um to Norwegian culture, so that's um I did not get to Norway when I was living in europe and I tried, it's just it was so much easier to go to, you know, Germany and England
and brussels and italy. So Norway's
just
have
you,
did you enjoy
it?
I've
heard it's
beautiful.
the fjords.
Yeah, so
that that's like my number one and then I I really want to get to Istanbul as well, but I'm I'm sure a lot of people tell you that.
I
mean it's just like the history there that makes it so
appealing.
No, I didn't make it to Greece.
Absolutely. My roommate
in France went to Greece but I instead went to London when she's going to Greece and then I spent Um like three weeks taking trains all over France
and Germany. Yes. Yes because
it's so easy to travel there by trains.
I mean especially Germany there, the train system is so good and there is cheap accommodations like everywhere.
So what's your like number one travel destination?
Uh huh. On your bucket list.
I mean it's a good list. It's a very good list. Well it's been really nice to talk to you tonight. I think we're
at our
25 minutes and I wish you the best of luck in the rest of your studies.
Thank you.
Thank
you. Bye.