Shit Two. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Come on. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Like, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Progress. Okay. I don't know that. Mhm. Mhm. Hi.
Hi.
Yeah. Well, it's okay.
Sallah. Hi. How are you?
Good. Where are you from?
that's cool. That's cool. You live in new york though? Okay. I was wondering if we were doing in other countries at all? Um Well, I'm
from
tax book.
yeah, yeah, the Houston area. Um So uh what do you want to talk about?
What do you want to know?
This is
I've been
too
often my time. Yeah.
you find
it, I think texas is a lot different than most people might expect because you kind of go expecting a cowboy, you know, which is a big part of the, you know, the state, but in the larger cities, it's really suburban. Uh there's even inner cities, the cities are really big and sprawled out. So there's all kinds of people. But right now I'm living in a more rural area and I grew up in kind of a suburban area, so it's kind of new to me too. I've been here for a couple of years now, but it is new to me too, seeing all this, It was more like uh kind of like a gay trip to go into all that stuff. So I find it interesting that we used, we used to go out to farms or something like that and that was always fun. But what about you? What I'm curious about where you come from? Uh,
what was
it like?
snap
it.
Yeah. What's,
you
know?
Um Houston, I mean, gosh, millions and millions of people.
I don't even,
I don't even
know.
Hey?
That's
Yeah. The big change Houston has has got pretty big homes and stuff which is kind of like one of the main attractors about coming here is you you definitely scale up on property if you were to buy here is somewhere else. But I'm not I actually had a chance to go to new york and I just I turned it down one week and I didn't go I used to live in pennsylvania and near Allen palm. Yeah and so it's it's just a train ride away but I never went I did go to philadelphia which was interesting and I just you know I just thought it was really the food was great. Um So what about uh tell me about what is like culturally growing up where you come from um Like the things that might be different from here? Yeah.
that's it.
No.
No.
wondering.
All
yeah I find that all fascinating. I've read a lot about the actually have some uh you know heritage from the area to just from ancestry dot com. I know that but I don't know a whole lot about how everybody grew up. It's really interesting to see how culturally different it is. You drive three hours one way you're you know here if you drop the hours you're not even out of texas.
I was coming.
that's amazing
and what's so different and do you find that because of that do you have a lot of different people growing up nearby you like um you know people from say Amsterdam or France or London coming to your city when you grew up? Mhm.
That
that happened
just
What's
the pain?
I did when I was younger with my family, I've been and when I was a teenager as well, I've been to California and I've been to colorado and I've been up to the east coast, but I've done a lot of problem recently than I did when I was younger and it's been a lot of fun that I would like to do more. So it's, it's, I like to read about it all to, you know, and I find that like you said, it's enlightening that there's so many different cultures, whereas I kind of have the opposing view, whereas there were other cultures because you soon as a big city, but a lot of times you kind of get set here where you don't really take into account other cultures. And I think social media has been a real eye opener on other cultures where you go online, you talk to people from all over the world and it you know it wasn't like that when I was younger even though we had the internet, most of us didn't use it like that, but in the last few years I find that you learned a lot about all sorts of cultures. I think
it brings us because as an american you can definitely be a little bit uh ignorant of that I think and I think that's an eye opener and uh but but Houston is a big city so there is there is a certain amount of other cultures but it seems like more we bring them into our culture rather than learn about their culture, which is what my experience.
Yeah I guess that's a good way of saying it of course. Um you have the you know Mexico and that's a that's a different thing was their cultures comes in and it mixes with ours completely. So you have tex Mex and things like that. So that's more of a yeah it's more of a multicultural thing with that. So what do you do, what do you like to do for
work, anything?
that's
great
guys.
That's
being
on stage. I'm not c I I find people that are good at music, I find it admirable because I never really was great at that. Uh Although I did take music lessons as a child and guitar lessons and you know the regular lessons everybody goes there. I just was not something I was skilled at. But as I got older I did um I did have a boyfriend who did live shows and performed life and he also ran music. So I got into the stagehand job for a little while and I set up bands and um with running music on smaller venues and setting up and everything. So I got to see that side of it and I and I love, I I find it very admirable when somebody is good at that because I'm just not. Um So after five years, how how much progress have you made? Yeah, I know.
Yeah.
All
Thank
you.
Performance.
Go
to
the,
I
would.
I couldn't do
it.
So I admire people who admired.
But
that's cool. Yeah, I like that.
Yeah, I do have some of that, but I was never on stage and I don't think I ever could be. Um but I did get to kind of see the business and I thought it was an interesting business for sure on. So what do you
do you what do you like to read? Do you like
to read?
What
do you like?
Mr
if
I can use
it when
you
mentioned,
I said, I can kind of hear it when you mentioned Scottish and the different, why
don't you wear it when you at least in the way you said, that's interesting, do you find that language because you're obviously skilled at it? Maybe because, you know, do you find that that helps you with your music? Yeah.
Thank
you.
No I definitely,
no
I don't,
no. Okay um I'm reading a lot of uh
well
my favorite God, I couldn't I don't think I could say what my favorite is. Um Hold on
Power before uh I'm having a drink for right now, there's okay, so there's this, I can't remember her name. Um and I've been reading her most recently and I don't know why I can't remember her name right now. She's a young and psychoanalyst,
I don't know why, I can't remember it, it's a it's a it's a foreign name, which I'm having a hard time remembering her name, but
she's a young in psychoanalyst and she's um she writes about uh ancient folklore and mythology and interpreting it um uh young and standpoint, so I may be mispronouncing that, but I find it really interesting. Cynthia, I
can't remember her, hold on I can google it. Mhm. I get nervous and I can't remember. Um Anyways that's what I'm reading right now and a lot of time
I like yeah I think it's interesting I'm just kind of getting into it. It's uh it's from a tv show I really like that you might actually enjoy as well. The Oa have you heard of it?
Yeah I watch a lot of I love stories so I love tv books. I like fiction a lot though so it's
more
This
is
well it's a different kind of it's a different kind of you know it's a different kind of format but this is actually interestingly enough this show kind of plays on that format. It's called the O. A by brit marling and Zao batman English. And um it kind of plays on the binge format and it it advertises itself as something in between a T. V. Show and say a storybook or a novel. Um Yeah it's really interesting. I don't think I could tell you much more about it without ruining it for you but I think you might like it. Um You should check it out and then if you have any questions you should go on to do you know do you get on reddit?
that's
Right. Well this is a sub we all kind of like people who are fans go to we go and we um kind of looked through the show and the different different things creators used to uh kind of we just kind of like dissect it and see what influence this aspect of the show is. It postmodern what influenced this aspect and we died You know we go through and dissect it and everything and
it's a lot of fun. Um It's kind of a uh
you know it's fun to do and it's
you
come through you come across a lot of interesting material that way I think because they put it in there
pretty
obviously but it's kind of like uh a labyrinth. So you kind of work it out yourself when you you have to see it to understand.
I don't
know you
should
you should
talk about.
Yeah.
Yeah I think it's interesting and I think they kind of work that it's very meta so they work that kind of aspect into the self, they break the fourth wall. Um It's about N. D. E. S. And a lot of spiritual things but they kind of walk the line between faith and science um you know left right brains. So it's it's I find it very interesting. You should check it out. Have
you ever heard of Britain or
and
the sound
the O. A.
It's
okay. Okay. Yeah. It's a weird name.
It's netflix. Yeah.
Yeah.
All
You should check a lot of cool.
Yeah.
Well
I'm not not all of us are in my. Uh huh. Yeah.
Mhm. I would say that it's getting to where there's a lot less than it used to be but probably a slight majority even probably still at least a slight majority for sure. But I think it depends on where you're going. If you're in a larger city you might find a lot more people that aren't as religious or are just casually religious. Not something they really talk about every day. Um That's been my experience with it and in my personal experience, I don't really know a whole lot of religious people be honest. Which is,
Thank
you.
On the fence,
All
Mhm.
that's not weird to me too. That might be more of the area of new york I would
guess. But you would find something similar maybe over here. Although you wouldn't find somebody would restrict you doing anything on a holiday. You would find a lot of people taking off of work on on religious holidays here. Um I mean you you would have, okay, so for example growing up in school, because I was more non religious than some of the others, you might have one of the kids trying to you know, come to jesus to me, you know, accept him into your heart, things like that. And sometimes you just have to be like, okay I do it if you go away and leave me alone. So I get what you mean. There are a lot of religious people. I just happened to be a little bit different because I grew up in a little bit different family than that. But yeah, there are, my grandmother was religious, she was Lutheran though, so it was from Germany, so her came from Germany, it's all different types. There's Baptists, lutherans, Catholics and you might find them all at least we're on from, you know, they're all around so and it would be kind of scary their mindset was how they let religion affect certain policy decisions and certain, you know, maybe maybe there, you know better instincts, they let that affect it and that's going on right now to with these masks and you know, it's the same people that are, you know, not wearing the masks. Who are the
religious
ones. Yeah,
Take
it. I
got
my car,
this
practice. Well, it was
for
us.
I don't know what's going on. The country is changing. You know, when, even when I was in school, they taught us separate church and state, you know, and
that
was
kind
of,
yeah, yeah, it is. And I don't know what's going on with that and why it seems to change even in, even in, um, the news this morning, it was a local, because I live in a smaller town over here outside of Houston. There was a local, uh, you know, where they go up, they can speak in front of the town hall members for policy decisions. And somebody came up and started, you know, uh, anyways, long story short, they ended up trying to change the policy like the way they do things so that to influence the more religion can come into it. And it was just very interesting how they come by these decisions. Um Yeah,
and my town is the one that after they cancelled the presidential debate or or some sort of presidential something here in Houston recently. Um Maybe it's for the GOP. Uh but uh my town is the one that invited him to come over here and don't bother
where miles just come on over. No problem. I just thought I was crazy and it just seems so tied into religion. Although I mean that's an interesting subject and I I'd love to see somebody dissect that and why they think that is and everything since it's also new, you know, I'm interested in that as well, but I don't have any answers. They're crazy. Um you can't even corner store without my husband. He works in delivery and he went right up. I know we're almost done, but right at the beginning, beginning of uh the pandemic, he was wearing a mask and he was wearing a construction mask with a carbon filter, so it really was effective and the guy yelled at him to take it off to deliver, complete his delivery. Yeah.
But yes.
I don't
know. It is, but I think we're actually time's up. Did you watch the time?
Yeah. You came in right at right on time. Okay. Well it's really nice to talk to you and meet you
and I had a good time learning about, you know, where you come from and how culturally different it is in here. It's really
you should you should, it's different
and definitely think about where you go because every place is a little different because it's so big. So you know if you're going to the panhandle it's gonna be a lot different culturally than in Houston and even from Austin to Houston. But I think you might enjoy Austin the most. It was really
talking. You have
day,