Hey, Hello, are you hearing me? I think I have to compute okay, that
was like, sorry about that.
Hello,
I'm good, how are you?
I'm a Belgium, I'm from Belgium, but I live in new york,
No
idea.
All right.
I don't know. I just talked about texas, yeah,
I don't know how it is to live there. I had a colleague of mine who went to live in Austin for
and he loved it, and
he
was
I recently moved to the United States and I live here for two years now, but uh and I really wanted to get to know the country, and texas is really on top of the list. It's
list,
I'm
from,
I'm originally from brussels in Belgium, which is a center of europe, them into europe, so
that is
that's a big city, it's the biggest city of Belgium, it's the capital, but when I say big city, it has a one million inhabitants, so by us standards that may be
maybe
just
another city. How big is Houston
millions?
So our
biggest
is only partial what you have. So I used to live very urban and then we moved two years ago to uh to new york which is huge, where everybody is big, everything is big, big except the apartment sizes.
So I used to have a big loft in brussels which is like super cool, and now I have uh 900 square foot apartment and it's like Oh it's a bit
different. Yeah.
I used to live in brussels which is the capital, and uh Belgium is a bilingual country and uh I was raised dutch, so I speak dutch or Flemish the all most of my friends and all of my jobs were in french, so we actually have two cultures, so
maybe
this bit the same with you and I think texas also has a big
spanish speaking community, so so maybe it's comparable,
but one of the
main attractions for brussel brussels culturally wise, I would say that while London is just a two hour train trip away, paris is just three hours driving and then Amsterdam is just less than two hours driving. So you're at the center of, of europe and you are very close to all these other countries and all these other cultures and that's what I really liked about it.
Okay. Yeah, if I drive two hours, any direction in any direction I'm
I have passed one border, maybe two. So
that's uh
absolutely because not only
Amsterdam is a big tourist place, but also brussels is, and Russell is a hub for a lot of people to go to.
They well they want
to go to paris but they stop over in brussels or they want to go to Amsterdam, that's the other direction to stop over in brussels. So we get to meet a lot of people from different nationalities, different cultures and that is super great
because well
it's a view on the world or at least from a part of the world and that makes you more in my idea, it makes you more humble because you get to see that well even people that live in London and in paris that is so cool, so cool. They're just people and they all have their own worries and their own uh little happiness is they are very similar actually. So uh it's humbling and it's it's also traveling is humbling because especially when I came to to the U. S. A. I did a road trip in uh from in California from uh from san Francisco down to L. A. With a car and then from san Francisco and and back vile las Vegas and then blah blah blah to see the tourist eight weeks and then we took a motorcycle and we drove off almost to Seattle. That was really but it's such a big country and it's so much to see and uh you travel a lot. Do you like it?
Absolutely.
of course. Yeah. It's more passive than active.
Professional
professionally I'm a software engineer which is which most people tend to find very very boring. Well I love it and my my hobbies are our guitar. I love music.
I
just picked up playing guitar three or 4 years ago and
in the beginning it was mostly painful and not very good. But I did my first gig, my first live gig just over half a year ago. And that is, that was, wow, the super, that was fantastic. That was addictive
by the
way, being on stage.
Well. Mhm.
I've always just started playing live, so, and
I always felt especially the first two years, it was often on and then I didn't want to practice
because
I wasn't that good, but probably I probably wasn't that good because I didn't practice, so it was a bit off and all. And then then then somehow I don't know exactly why, but I just practiced more and it got a bit better. And then I met some friends who also were starting out and getting better and and then, and then, hey let's let's let's play together and, and,
and do something. And we started rehearsing a bit. And then we had another friend said, well we get a spot at at a bar and uh this this this band just canceled and it's in two months. And how about you rehearse and do five songs? And
at
first
it was like, oh yeah, sure, well we can do that. And then you start rehearsing and you find out how crap you actually are, start rehearsing a whole lot and he gets slightly better. You build up some confidence. And the first day of the of the of the gate where you died. I mean, I did,
I
mean, I think I went to the toilet like 20 times in. Okay, It's a stupid nervous. I mean, I mean I'm 48, I got a I got a career, I got my own company, but just getting on the stage and play guitar got me so stupid nervous. It was ridiculous.
Very
well.
I always I always thought that I I would never do it And I did it at 48, never say never,
who knows,
you got a stagehand experience.
No
read
yes, I love to I
I used
to read a lot and I even worked in a
bookshop which is where a lot of english because indulging we are dutch and french. And when I was 18, 19 I started working in an English bookshop in brussels and that's how I got to speak english, so english is just my third language and and well now we're living in a new york so I have to speak and I got a lot better, but at the beginning that was pretty hard, I have to admit it. And also because in that book shop that was, that was a bit funny. I mean I did learn my english, not from an english guy, but also from an irish guy who had a very heavy accent and from a Scottish guy who had been imprisoned for five years and this english was like wow and from from an american, from Arizona, I mean all these, this mix of english accents and so my english, I'm afraid is also a bit of a melange, a mix of uh every accent
you can dream of. So
I read a lot
and
my favorite
author. Sorry.
I can imagine. Yeah.
because it's a thought process and I think that reading notes is a language in itself. And also I started picking up singing and uh I'm still immensely, immensely crap at it, but I'll get better and uh well rock music is in english and
so
you have to okay I know some dutch and some french and even some spanish rock music but it doesn't sound the same it doesn't feel the same singing those lyrics in english so it's good to know other languages to be able to sing in them and it helps him that way. Are you talking books? My favorite author is Douglas Copeland's you know is
from Vancouver actually
and he and
he writes about modern Urban life is extremely funny.
How about
your favorite author?
one of one of your favorites?
No no.
What?
That's hard.
interesting.
No I hope you watch tv.
look
I don't watch Tv but I'll watch a lot of series. Netflix. Yeah
I somehow
somehow I don't call that tv that's weird.
yeah a bit but not I don't know so just just sometimes in my google results I moral
component already instead of them was farming.
And
no
no
one
What
am I?
I like
it,
it's
like
watching
a tv show with a lot of people and talking about it together afterwards. Yeah
watching a division I'm going to a bar and let's just see that and talk about it and now it's just everything is online. Right
Different
What?
No never
and the season is called a oh
E A. Oh sorry for about the D. O.
A.
so that's weeks or? Uh
Okay
then
I can see it. So
you talk about the the differences in culture about, you will see in europe and there's one big there's a big one and uh your show is about spirituality right? Uh
at least a bit. And I thought that people in Usa are all still very religious and in europe were not.
So
would you say that a majority of US citizens of us inhabitants are our religious?
Well I think that in Europe it's like 80% of people are not religious and
20%
are some sort of region beat islam or or or Christianity. But here, I mean I sort of found that at least 60 it's religious and uh maybe 20% is like well very very practicing religious
and that is completely new to me. And I think yeah, it's still still
weird because I remember on the day that we moved in into new york, and that was a thursday and we couldn't move into our into our building because uh
it was it was a religious holiday, and I had to look that up, it was a junkie for a jewish holiday, and it's like we would never do that in europe, like, like not being, not able to, not allowing to move in in your apartment building because it was a holiday, and I had never seen that, that was
probably.
It's
scary,
mean, that's that's a that's a rational uh issue, I mean, it's not a religious issue, it's it's a rational, I mean, it's medical, it's scientific, and and what I think is super important is that uh the government and any
religion
is completely
separated,
and that's
like, like interwoven
more
and
more.
I
think
it's
even
in your constitution.
I think it's scary.
then.
Which is weird. I mean, it's like accusing other people of you cannot have sex without a condom. Other people.
What? What is that? I mean, it's
scary.
All right. Uh No, I didn't. But we started on what time's up? Yes.
Absolutely.
Never know. I absolutely want to go to texas.
Absolutely.
All right.
talking to.
Thank you. Bye.