Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Cool. Uh huh. What? Yeah. Mhm. No. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm um Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Wasn't it? Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm
blow
Hey?
Yeah, I can. So uh from what I see, our conversation started at 6:46 minutes, 40 seconds from what I learned what I have. So 25 minutes from that would be 20 seven minutes about for me.
okay. So just we're just supposed to talk about like whatever we want
or like
that's pretty
much what it's what it said.
Well, yeah, So what's your name
Colin where you from
California? Are you living in California right now? Yeah, I'm Evan I'm from Connecticut.
we're in Connecticut.
Westport. I I worked in Westport for a little while. I'm from stores like Yukon area. Yeah, it's like the northeastern part where there's like basically nothing but the campus
I went to school there. Yeah.
Two. Yeah. I mean it was, it was a great school and like, you know, I was really privileged in high school to like have it on campus, like the high school on the,
campus.
So
I took all the college credits like I wanted and counted them. Vice high school and college credits.
It was just like sweet
you
go to school that
are you going to do an online or? Yeah.
So you're not affected by the whole covid thing much?
Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So
it's online forced online, Right?
Yeah. It's crazy. I mean like obviously depending on, you know what your economic status is, it definitely changes. But other than that, like everyone's just doing nothing all day forever.
john
Yeah. I like I have friends that like work at like walmart and stuff and like they're just like frustrated as hell. They can't like deal with it because all like their their their um you know their workers are leaving too so like they're getting screwed doubly because all people are coming and then they're just losing like people that are just like, oh I'm just going to take the two weeks that walmart's giving you if you have any symptoms at all. So like they should just give it to everyone the two weeks no matter if you get sick or not because everyone just like fuck it. You know, I'll just take it because. Mhm.
I'm working. I'm an essential worker right now but it's not like anything special. I work at an animal hospital. Yeah. But like I basically I'm afloat. I don't like have a like a like a education and an animal care really. Just a you know clean cages and
clean
up dog shit and just do whatever anybody asked me during surgery or whatever. But it's really cool and you know really fulfilling Phil. Mhm.
I want to go back to school and probably I'll probably go back to some online program and get that check degree and then I don't know, I I really want to do the whole uh veterinary medicine like doctorate, but that's like I already have my B. A. And I don't have a Bs. So like I would need to get an entirely new like college, you know like B. S. V. R. S. B. A. And then going to doctor at school. So like it's like $175,000
Our minimum, you know?
You
are.
you can't has um No they don't have a vet program, they have a like an undergrad type program that's like animal science program
but then that
Connecticut doesn't have a veterinary program and
then the ones that like to like accept like very few students like there's uh one of the interns, he's graduating from UConn uh he has like top marks and also he's a guy which is like really really helpful in veterinary medicine to
getting
into college because like it's not percent women and he applied to like five colleges and didn't get into any and some places he applied to they were like for positions available total
for like you know thousands of like applications or whatever.
kind of. Yeah. Yeah no like it's uh it's very sad like I've seen everyone in the office cry a few times and you know numerous times but like it's really fulfilling and it's like some if if you're into it like you're you know you're just into it.
Well and like especially like large animal vets there, like a bunch of weirdos. They're they're like the ones that like like getting calls about like animals at five in the morning like
giving birth you know and
like
giving
like like a horse giving birth at like five in the morning and imagine just sitting in a stall with all of that just like for like four hours. Like it's just
they
love
it I they're weirdos but they love it.
What are you going to college for?
interesting.
yeah definitely. Like like
geo tagging or like some sort of like like sort of like stuff with satellites
I
like cartography stuff would be really cool. Yeah.
well like there there's a lot of uh environmental science stuff related to the cryptography and that making nowadays. Um And and even like some sociology and I get the anthropology, you get stuff um and archaeology even. Yeah
no
it's totally like like not made, it looks like the worst of the worst like hackers, you know they get the whole like the whole whole bad end of the deal. But like I'm sure like archaeologists is like not
even close like a little bit was like on the movies.
or
you doing for like like like a year and found nothing.
That's funny.
Yeah. I typically use prolific and I've been using the amazon turk recently to which
yeah like I've made like I've started probably and or nine days ago I made like $250 and
my
probably 10 hours of work. 11 hours of work like
it's definitely more than minimum wage. Yeah.
they're all just like micro like jobs so you're just like sign up as quickly as possible for like the highest rated micro job. And um the way you do that is like you get like like um extensions like Turkey extensions for like chrome and then it'll like tell you like the highest paid like you know study and like how long it takes on average for each person, we each study and all that and and there's even a prolific uh add on and was like
yeah well that's Ridic like prolific is ridiculous. Like I've like Have gotten like 32nd interval like checking and I'll check it. It dings, I'll click it and it's like no
it's it's like what the hell Like oh my God.
and even that and even then I collected multiple times and it's like no one, it's like what do they have? Like half a slot open? Like it's ridiculous.
Well like um well Turks really well moderated for sure. Um and then and then once you have over 500 clicks or hits they're called like once you have 500 up like accepted hits, there's like way more money to be made. So like I haven't even done that yet
and
It's
fairly easy to get accepted. Like I have like 400 something accepts and two denies. And the first time I was like I don't know some stupid thing about like like a survey about weed or something stupid and like I like something like weird and it made me seem made it seem like the guy who was writing it was a because it was dipping into the product.
it's weird. Yeah. No but no I definitely recommend her.
exactly like this is like yeah pretty much this. And then I actually um I got uh some bees, like I bought something, I bought a couple of beehives And
and and the bees came like two days ago, three days ago, so now I have like 7 7000 people.
Well
there was just two hives um and it was like a great deal. Uh The hives were um like some guy was just going to D. C. Moving to work for the state department, so he quickly selling his hives, You saw me for like $400 and there was like More than $400 worth of honey in the hives. So
I just
extracted a bunch of honey and then like just bought the bees with the profit and then just like now have a bunch of honey or a bunch of these and you know, to hives? That's awesome.
Have
you?
Yeah, typically you get like 75 lb of honey per hive,
So
like 150 lb of honey, like, Like like $1,500.
I'm just honey. Mhm
Yeah, they're just outside right now, I'm feeding them sugar water, but eventually they'll they'll be like populated enough to so to to just take like pollen and whatever, you know,
flowers
and everything. It's
really really interesting actually have they interrupt how they get them, That's how they put the put the packages together. So um it just comes in like a box, like sort of like this big and there's like Like 3000 bees just like randomly all just shoved in this box, they
just shove them in a box, and then they have this little queen excluder thing, so they put they find a queen and they put her in here with a few like worker bees and the queen can't do shit, the queen can't feed yourself, can't groom herself,
The queen literally can do nothing, so if they were doing no worker bees in here, you'd be
dead. But
basically what you do is um you put this like on the side of like a frame inside the hive and there's a little like sugar right here, so these get used to the pheromones of the queen for a couple of days, and as they're doing that they're digging through the sugar to get to the queen. And they don't they don't obviously know that they're like releasing the queen, but and then the queen gets released by them, opening the sugar and they say oh shit queen, oh shit a hive, oh my God, honey, like let's just a great place to live.
So
and
it's really really cool because like so so all these bees, these bees have no genetic like commonality between the queen, but they will like all of these because these these bees that I have right now are going to die, they're all going to die in like 20 days and she's gonna you know, lay all the all the all the eggs, all the all the these will have her characteristics and personality. So like if she has a propensity for producing more honey, her high will produce more honey if she has a propensity for swarming swarm. So we've like genetically engineered the crap out of these bees to be like as least hostile as possible and produce as much honey for us as possible.
Yeah, I got to be soup but I'm like finding it super cumbersome, it's already like too hot for
the full body suit. I haven't worn the full body suit once I've worn upon it and gloves and the gloves are cumbersome as it is. So.
Well that's what most people say is like, most people like start with the gloves and then just like figure that it's just too much work because like you don't get stung. I've not gotten stung once and
I've
been working with bees for like, Like I've worked with these like 40 or 50 times. My neighbor had bees for like a couple years too, so I'm like, you know, done that a little too. But
well the
bees get used to you. Um but like at the same time you can't like, you know, enter their shit all the time so you got to like give them space and they will be grumpy sometimes. Like certain days they'll be they'll be a little pissy.
well a swarm is actually when a hive gets too big and the queen says
well this hive is too big for the space we have, so I'll just make a new queen and then as soon as that queen hatches I'll just leave would have have to the population of these.
So have you ever seen like, like you know like a huge think of bees on like a tree that's a swarm like with the queen on the top? So like if you managed to catch that and put it in the bees in like in a regular honey honey nest or hive, like you could just have your own hive. and today if you like $150 for bees,
They
usually like 30 ft up in trees. So like the guy that like sold me the B equipment was like, yeah sometimes I get calls about them, but like I'm not gonna like climb up a telephone pole like get some peas.
Good
thing.
I have no idea. Yeah. What uh There is like a national or like a like a state by state registry of like, like, like people that own ate berries and do that kind of stuff. But actually like I do work with animal control and I've never gotten a cough about bees surprisingly
you figure you figure you might, you know, working in like that kind of shit because people but. Mhm.
It's like it's like $130.
I just like looked it up and like just found it interesting. And then yeah. No, eventually like I started talking my neighbor because obviously I didn't like, You know by like 7000 bees and then like realized that I'm like scared shitless by like surround being surrounded by like a million billion bees. So
well like I took a class and like there was a bunch of people that had no experience at all. Like had never even like been around bees or like done anything with bees. And like it's like you want to do this really like totally assure you never experienced it all. Like what if you just get like start panicking because like there's a quintillion
bees? Okay.
Well it's really essential for like um pollinating flowers. Um like in general, just because like there's no wild honey bees at all
in the wild, like they're all dead because like we have international travel and we have like invasive species that like mites and stuff that just kill all. Like you have you have to spray for termites so there's no there's no artificial, there's no wild honey bees. They're just totally all artificial and they're responsible for every single crop in the entire world.
Yeah that new that new hornet is uh Yeah like that's around your area
like
Oregon and like like Washington state.
Well
I mean especially like some random shit that's like, like, like like giant ant wars. Have you ever heard about those like international, like huge, There's like these these like the huge ant colonies that like have like these like huge factions that have had like hundreds of years war will not 100 but probably like almost 100 years basically since the Industrial Revolution. And like since they're like shipped all across from like all these different countries, there's like you know the african ants that like hate the american aunts and like are like in these huge wars like underground which like fighting this constant constant battle that's like hundreds of generations of ants old and it's like just like so weird and crazy.
No.
It's like it's like there's a doctor who episode where uh there's a there's a battle between these two factions and it's been going on for generations and generations and they talk about how many how long it's been going on blah blah blah blah blah. And uh they get to the end and it turns out like they're just battling over a uh like a terra genesis device that would like terror form the planet there on that was like a hostile plan into like a beautiful paradise. And they've been fighting this war for like like a week and a half because there's so many like because they just like clone each other and clone each other and clone each other.
And that's the way that they are fighting this war through clones. The war has been going on for like a week.
It's like, oh well we could have just walked in this room and like open this box and
the
whole world would be a beautiful place.
Well, unlike like I know 10 years from now we're going to find out all about the shady shit that went down in the spending bills and all that, you know like trillions of dollars just being final totally for the wrong purposes and like you know like we're gonna we're going to find it out like just like with with Bush and you know the Iraq war and how like we found out all that terrible information why there's no Wmds how there's probably all that, you know, and it was all about oil. Like we're going to find out all about that with trump and how he just standard towards rich people and, and did good shit for the american public.
Not
that we
haven't found all about that out already, but like, you know?
No.
Yeah. I have 31. uh, I was at like 6:40. So
I said it was at six. So, um, uh, To actually have one of my clients, I'm stupid. 26
six
Actually. Yeah. No, we're pretty, pretty much done. Like with, that's that. We're almost at 25. We just need to wait like,
like two minutes or a minute just to, you know, just, yeah, make sure I'm sorry, your name again,
Colin
and and my name's Evan. Gotcha. Yeah
maybe it's for like covid thing. There's a lot of like, like like studies about covid right now. Like there's a ton of money to be made off. Like just answering studies about covid.
Yeah. Do you have um ST bees?
ST bees is a really cool app for making money? Um It's like a sort of like a like a brand ambassador sort of thing. So like you um Yeah. Mhm. Okay good. I hope they don't like ban us for like talking about other sites and ship.
It's
good.
So like like I don't know if you can see but this is like, like if you see advertising for shaving like do that and feel like doing a questionnaire like if you bought shoes, you get $3 like So you get a lot of money at the beginning. Like I got $94 the first month and
then like obviously less and less, But like I don't know this month last month we had $25.
No.
Of freebies. Okay.
Whereas
it was nice talking now.
Yeah. Get some, get yourself some money trying to be a keeper and be like, hey man, I got you some bees.
I guess so.
You're talking yep.