yeah.
How's it going?
Do you see me and hear me?
All right. So, so sounds good.
Two
I killed think
plump.
Yeah, I can do that. I guess
I'm calling
California.
Okay. Shit. My mom's from communicating.
She's from Westport.
You go to school there.
Do you like it?
I don't know.
Just
like,
okay, that's a transition.
It's like right
there.
I go to university of Nevada.
I'm like, yeah, which is,
Oh No. I, I used to, I used to be there like in Nevada and now I'm back in. Yeah,
it's
Yeah. Yeah. Which is pretty, I mean if we get, you gotta do, you know that I can't really complain that much because everyone else in the world is going through it right now.
Yeah. I'm lucky enough. Like I'm not going to be able to still, like I got fired from my job. It was like a school job, it wasn't like, And he was making like minimum wage in Nevada, which is like $8. So it's
not, not terrible to lose, but it's like I can come back home and have food and stuff, which is I want to go because like you go to the store and you're like, fuck people are here like all day worried crazy.
What you can do like at this point it's wild. I don't know. What do you do you wish are you working like online or anything now?
I
just,
Is that what you want to do more of that?
Do
they even have as you can
have
like a medical vet program? Because I know
because
I know the states don't even have it like half maybe have like at school.
To what?
Kind
of.
jesus. That's crazy.
Everyone everyone's applying. I feel like I know a lot of people who are trying to become a vet and they're all like, you know, if I can even do this, what do you pretty? It's a pretty bleak uh
people are into like vet schools and stuff like they're like super feeling. It was just like yeah, it's obviously gonna be sad with like it's like deal with hurt animals was like no one wants to see really, right.
No,
I
should
like
Uh That's a
that's
something
yeah, it's like what they're made for. That's cool, failed like that. And that's nice. Yeah.
Geography in spanish like gene technologies so like not making software um
which I don't I don't really know I'm going to do with it, but like I think you're trying to get a job because you need maps for shipping companies use maps and stuff
like.
Yeah like I was thinking of like I was trying an internship this summer but which obviously didn't really go through. Um But uh he was looking into like the Forest Service and just like you work with them and do like you map
just
stuff like that, I mean which is something and then I just doing spanish because like I needed a minor and they had two classes and then I was like do that and it was one more class to be a major and I was like I don't rather that would look better on my on an impatient and like but I'm a pretty trashed.
that'd be cool. I think I was trying to do like I was trying to do that for a while. Like when they first got into school I was like, how cool. Just I think it's definitely not like you see something you like to do, like indiana jones. So if you're just like brushing his skull
like
every job.
Yeah, like you like dig for 12 hours and maybe find like a rock like a big time
like
I know this is then 20 years later you find maybe like a faucet. I did it. This is my life's work, Like a 40 page paper on it was like, yeah, when you watch any of the judge like this is it. That's what he's doing. Yeah.
Yeah. I lied to by Stephen jones man. Those movies. We'll get you. So do you how do you, did you go like on prolific for this or did you how do you feel? Ok. Yeah.
Here, that's, that's really good for you.
Probably should.
What do you do?
please.
that's really good. Just like, what do you even like it just like
Assistant one.
Hi.
Yeah. I got into one like I got one more like 30 minutes ago. It was like one spot left. I just click it as fast as like it was like you have to be on your computer with the assistant on like ready to go to get like anything basically.
Yeah. I don't know what's going on. Like that things crazy. But that's like, that's only actually, that's the one round make most of my money because it's like you make so much and you never get kicked out. Like that's why I stopped doing, I did a bunch of like this Other websites, like you always get kicked at 30 minutes. You got 30 minutes of a unique. Yeah.
Like
in the base level right now. Really crazy. Yeah. But you need like a good credit or what is it? What is the thing you need to
do?
Just like how I do it on the internet said we'll talk about me right. Of dudes and
Yeah. I'll look into it. I definitely haven't. I did because I didn't like started doing this again. Just like random surveys like a month ago because there's nothing else to do the computer.
Like
just getting big in the wiki thin or like,
well,
she used
to,
yes. You're gonna
like
flip the honey and make some money out of that. That's crazy.
Oh, that's a lot
of money,
wow. Okay. So yeah.
that they would they, you just keep them outside in the yard or something
perhaps
them
regularly.
jesus
Just
do
that. Yeah.
They know
they're doing, yeah. Wild. That's crazy. Of our
land.
That's wild. Make me making me these money. That's wild. That's cool. You gotta be suit
see.
just like, yeah, there's like those videos of people just like going in. Nothing. Just the bees are used to him.
That's
correct.
While you just, yeah, you eventually get used to like it's like
And then
Yeah. Just go ask like not going swarm. You just kill you. I love you.
No,
you deaf. So that's
Next time I see you. Sweat forms snatching
up.
Yeah. It's like a thing
to
like where you like if you have a, like a hive, like you're supposed to call, like not like someone extremely just like a beekeeper that have a high here and I don't want to come get it.
No, you're just like,
Yeah. I feel like something like if someone hears about that back up, that's like free money basically, they're going to kill it. Are you?
Yeah, that's a good, that's a good deal right there. That's true. So where did you get into it from your neighbor or did you just one day you're like going to bees?
You just go for it. Like you got your keys into the
beat.
You roll up a bunch of bees on your hand. You can you go wrong pretty quick. I feel like like I like peace. I'm not going to like do that though. I like being from a distance. I'm like, you guys do your thing, I'll chill over here.
Yeah. It's like
Yeah. Wasn't it like things like they just don't know. Who is the japanese like death hornet or something?
Just out here
killing.
That's crazy. Yeah. Just one day something new comes over starts killing because they definitely not made the world. We live in a deadly isn't made for like bees anymore. They're definitely a which is kind of just sad, you
know?
And it's not like usually just killing generations of and that's that's wild. You don't think
about, you never think that like what's happening? Just like weird
good
nicely.
Everything be true.
What?
Yeah, that's good. Allegory for humans I guess. Just in general like, you know, so spite your face and stuff like that. She's just like whole thing like now it's a good time. Like just like any time you read the news now you're just like what is going on? Just lose hope like all the time like you're just like, oh my god people
When my
ship comes
up.
it's gonna
be somehow worse like you can't think it's gonna get worse and then be like, oh oh no, seemingly it got even worse. That doesn't make any sense like. Like yeah. Oh yeah 24 minutes in here already.
Okay. Yeah. Because it said once you open the other window right or something you would.
I started I
started a timer once you were talking about that, what you said that? So I'm at 24:30 right now.
30 seconds.
it's calling.
Yeah I totally forgot.
this is what this is the base it was like for a study on conversations.
Yeah. It's like something like bunch of get a bunch of three different recurring one like every two days. Like how you doing? How do you feel? Yeah.
No. What's that?
Yeah. They know
what's going on.
Not gonna hold us accountable for this. You know They know where?
shit.
Yeah. It's
not bad.
I'm looking at for sure. Oh
yeah. Okay. All right.
Yeah it was good. I thought I was gonna be kinda kind of weird but it was it was a good conversation. You learned a bit about beach. Yeah. Any Visa there in these forms. Start climbing some schools out there.
there you go. So all right we just close this out then.
All right. That's good talking. Huh?