SPEAKER_L: we're gonna finish it right uh you just close this out and then you hit go right back here, right? And then uh and then you go back there and then you will hit this and then you could say sorry and then you could touch then you will hit this okay? And then I will walk you through the rest. But anyway. Yeah. Oh good. Yeah, probably out.
SPEAKER_R: Hello. Well Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you down?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good. My name is Lawrence, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: No, some blame. Nice to meet you too. Where
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from, I'm from Miami, I'm
SPEAKER_R: Location?
SPEAKER_L: currently living near Lehigh acres. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Seattle. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I'm cool,
SPEAKER_R: so exact opposite of the country.
SPEAKER_L: but that's that's pretty good. That's cool. You know how you like it
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: right. It's fine. It's got kind of crazy this year but actually just moved outside like to a smaller town outside of it just to get away for a few months because I was right in the heart of the city and it was crazy.
SPEAKER_L: We did the same thing. Um, I moved here from Miami two years ago. Uh yeah, the cost of living over there is kind of crazy and you know, things just, you know where it wasn't adding up for us so we just had to go. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: But yeah it's somewhere appear Seattle so expensive and Sony just a lot going on right now. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we're here so you know, we're here. so that's a good thing, yeah
SPEAKER_R: Have you done this chat thing before? Have you done
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: one of these studies before?
SPEAKER_L: no this is my first time actually.
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. I did one last night actually I was surprised I got another one right away but it's pretty cool talk to some dude from now. Where was he? He was in New Orleans. Okay
SPEAKER_L: I think it's a good thing
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: because you get to meet new people and you know you know get to have a conversation with somebody else and you know get to share some things you know about yourself, you know with another person and things like that, so you know that's you know that's pretty cool to me being able to have a conversation with somebody else in another part. You know I have some things in common, you might not if you understand the fact
SPEAKER_R: No totally
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: especially right now with everything shut down still kind of it's just like yeah don't meet new people that often. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: things everything is still shut down over there.
SPEAKER_R: Well we're like in the next Phase two or something over here but they're thinking that the governor is speaking tonight and they think they might start shut yourself down again because it's getting bad again so not really sure.
SPEAKER_L: Is that getting to you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It's up and down like this makes it hard to find work and stuff. I was serving and bartending and stuff and all the restaurants closed earlier this year and they're at low capacity now so it's just kind of like uh everything shuts down again, it's gonna make it impossible but I don't want to get sick.
SPEAKER_L: that man actually um well I'm a teacher, so I'm on the other side, we here in florida, we have to go back to work and it's a little crazy for us because on, on, on the one end, you know, we have uh we have kids that are in school, so I have to have a set of plans, you know, to work with them. And then on the other hand, I got
SPEAKER_R: parent
SPEAKER_L: kids that aren't working with online as well, so I got to have a set of pipes that, so it's a little bit crazy for us over here. Um and things are getting pretty bad over here as far as the up ticks and stuff like that, but uh he doesn't really want to shut things down right now, so it doesn't look like we're going to see anything anytime soon. Probably not until joe biden goes into office. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know because yeah. Yeah I think our schools, I don't know
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: if they went back to school or not because I live next to a middle school and it's still empty every day, so I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Really? Yeah. You guys might be online full time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so. My little brother was going to the University of Washington and he's just doing it all in line back in Spokane on the other side of the state, which he's upset about because he was in like a frat and stuff and isn't going to do all that fun stuff, but but the rats were all having such high numbers that they were like, shut it down, not happening. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: I get that. He was, he wants to hear that this is his this is the prime time in his in his years in his career so in his time so
SPEAKER_R: they are,
SPEAKER_L: this you know but he had plenty of time for that stuff you know?
SPEAKER_R: we are
SPEAKER_L: after he graduates you know he can still go back and enjoy those, enjoy those things. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I never did the whole college experience or anything, I'm studying online now, but it took me a long time to figure out what I wanted to do.
SPEAKER_L: mm So what is it you're gonna do?
SPEAKER_R: I'm studying computer science when programming and all that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I went through that um uh um I actually when I first got out of high school I wanted to do I'm a music teacher, I want I want to do music. Um But dad had other plans. He wanted me to do what he did. Um So I didn't want to do what he did. So what I did is I decided I wanted to do marine biology and then I realized something I'm really bad at man.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Oh, that's too bad.
SPEAKER_L: And the second fight was I wasn't going on the water.
SPEAKER_R: You're just like, why did you choose that then? You're just like, okay,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: this is not for
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: actually.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So I was like, well they got marine biologist that do that do the studies on land, right? And then the guy said, yeah, but they don't make any money. So
SPEAKER_R: gosh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: What's cool?
SPEAKER_L: that works out ways fast.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. I mean music teacher and that'll be cool. I'm not musical at all.
SPEAKER_L: It's pretty funny. It has his days. It has these days, you know, But it has its rewards as well. But
SPEAKER_R: Paper.
SPEAKER_L: the computer science is a pretty good feel for you man. If once you get it done, you got plenty of options.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah. I really like it to, I've been, I've just been sitting on and off for years and I've just been having to get my life kind of under control lately really buckle down with it so I can Do something because I turned 30 this year and I'm like, all right, I can't f around anymore. I wasted my twenties just partying. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Give you a little bit of ice. Um Don't stress yourself. Don't over stretch yourself. I'm 49 I'll be 50 in January. Um I've been where you are, right? I didn't graduate from from college until I was 26. That was when I got my first degree. Um So I can understand, you know, the frustration that you have and all of those things like that, right? But don't look backwards on yourself whatever you did you did, and that's an experience that builds into who you are right now. So, you know, otherwise you wouldn't be the person that you are right now, so don't beat yourself up for whatever it is you did right? Just look forward, look forward
SPEAKER_R: I appreciate
SPEAKER_L: man like
SPEAKER_R: that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: you are,
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I appreciate that. I definitely am trying to because yeah, there are a lot of mistakes back then and I'm actually in recovery from addiction and I made a program right now so that's where I'm going with my life
SPEAKER_L: that's okay, That's okay too. Um You know,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I have family members, uh I have family members. My late uncle was addicted to, you know, to drugs and things of that nature and you know, he was still my uncle man, I didn't love him any less, you know what I'm saying? So, you know, I'm not gonna judge you for what, you know, for the things and the mistakes that you made in the past, man, I'm I'm happy that you're you know that you're recovering, you know what I'm saying? You
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: and that
SPEAKER_R: me too.
SPEAKER_L: and I just and I just wanna you know, I just want to see the best for you man. You know, you know we we we are all that we're in different places and we have different things man, we're still people
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: and you know and you know just know you can make a full recovery and you can do the thing and you don't look back on the things that you did in the past
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, appreciate that, thank you very much. It's
SPEAKER_L: problem.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, definitely feels good my life finally moving back in a good direction so although it was raining every day so that's great,
SPEAKER_L: We just had uh we just had a tropical storm that left and then came back as a hurricane. So
SPEAKER_R: rarely. Oh dang, okay, I won't complain with a little rain then, jeez.
SPEAKER_L: Okay and I'm talking about that was just monday that I was just monday it was tropical storm at her, right, Tuesday? We went to school uh We went we went back to school right? And then we left school early Like three hours early to go home because Hurricane Edda was coming back.
SPEAKER_R: holy crowd. That's geez, that's kind of yeah, that's scary. I've never been anywhere with like natural disasters or anything. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so and then on top of that even after hurricane at a cane and she passed through or whatever it is we went back to school today so
SPEAKER_R: Seriously, it seems like should get like a week off or something like, I don't know, it's like all right, I'll schedule in a tropical storm one day two days later let's go for a hurricane. And between that got to go to school, I go to work, that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yes it's a pretty interesting day yesterday. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Was it damaging or just
SPEAKER_L: No it didn't do too much at least not here Miami uh It went Miami up you know Especially in for a lot of there we have a flea market over there and the flea market was underwater like 18". Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, okay, that's bad.
SPEAKER_L: yeah so so yeah it was uh it hit pretty hard in that area but over here we got a lot of rain, a lot of trees blowing and things of that nature. It didn't hit us as hard as it could have. So
SPEAKER_R: Well it's kevin, glad you're all safe. That's freaking Yeah, that scares me to go to that kind of part of the country. Have a friend that we're talking about different places to move to and he mentioned Fort Lauderdale because he knows someone there. I'm like, I don't know, I've never been down there, but I'll check it out.
SPEAKER_L: I mean for a lot of deal is good. Um The cost of living is fairly, it can it can be decent but you know mind you mind you certain areas are not areas that you might want to be in. Um do your research before you, you know before you move in that in that particular area. Um It's uh it can be pretty good. You got you got some pretty good neighborhoods over there. But then again you got that area, You got that area that's like $1,200. You don't want to stay there.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I've yeah, I've lived in scarier areas of Seattle and stuff so I'm pretty used to it.
SPEAKER_L: No man
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, just a
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: lot of
SPEAKER_L: is the the two
SPEAKER_R: students
SPEAKER_L: places,
SPEAKER_R: and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: There are two places I know that are like an acquired taste right? Like new Orleans, new Orleans for a lot of the actually three places new Orleans for a lot of jail in downtown Miami. Those are acquired taste. I don't know. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Maybe in software me, I'm too used to the pacific northwest. I like, I feel like I'd be in a shock.
SPEAKER_L: but no I mean you can have some fun. There is it's a pretty cool it's a pretty cool place to stay. You just got to be safe. That's something
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I probably won't even end up doing that. I go on I want to go down to san Diego. I went there last year for just a couple of weeks and I didn't say, but next time I kind of want to move down there now because SAn Diego was awesome. It was like perfect weather all the time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the only the only worries I worry about is about the California area is uh the earthquakes
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I was spared, but it's like, no matter where you go, there's something like bad blizzards in the Northeast, hurricanes down in the your side and then earthquakes later, matt rainier could blow up over here and then we'd all just be dead because we're also close.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true. Not not not to mention uh the sound in various fuck
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah. Well, screw, it's a little bit too.
SPEAKER_L: What? I wouldn't hit California to hit every day so.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's the whole west coast, just boom. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. So okay. But uh now I mean things are things things could be could be worse, you know we got some we got some scary times going on here but we're here. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Sure.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Makes you appreciate things like when everything all happened this year, King protests and stuff like that and the covid, it was just like, yeah, I stopped taking anything for granted. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean caught me off guard in March right? But I'm not gonna lie. I can't I liked it being at home. Uh You know we we were you know we were we did school online until until june and uh we still got paid, they didn't they didn't take the pay from us. So you know, for me I thought it was pretty cool, you know, you'll be able to put your stuff online for the kids to do and then uh what was gracious enough to say, well we'll let you will keep paying you your salary, you know, you know, you know as long as you do what you're supposed to do, clock in and clock in in the mornings, um you know talking in the morning and saving even so even throughout the time that we had to clock in, You know as long as I got it done before 5:00, they were cool, But I usually got up and I usually got up around seven, seven o'clock got to go to taking care of and done all of that stuff and then you set the hours for the kids, so if they have questions and stuff like that, you can answer the questions and things of that nature, you know? So for me, it was pretty cool. I can just sit at home and at the same time, you know, talk to uh talk to the kids and you know, when they needed to and stuff like that, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I think it's, well, it probably depends on the kids, but that would have been a good thing for me. I do much better with online learning and stuff like that. Like I could never pay attention in class and ended up just having to read it everything on my own anyway and stuff. So that's why I'm doing this code and just self paced online courses and it's perfect because yeah, I can't see myself going and sitting in a classroom anytime soon.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't know, you know, Like you say as you're 30 now, right? So your, your experience in the classroom will probably be totally different than that 15 year old, you. so, you know, that is um, it's not as, it won't be as much of opinion what and the good news is in college, you know, your experiences will be a little different because, you know, for you, you get hands on experience, you know? No, I'm not gonna and computer science the first three days are you boring voice. But uh you know usually they'll do it like on a three day to day schedule. You got the you got maybe like maybe like monday Wednesday friday, you know if you work in the books and then on Tuesday and thursday you put it the actual work. So so you know that that shit, you know, probably be a different experience for you. You know if you did it that way as well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Let's have to, I'll see what happens. I'm not sure. I'm still open to a lot of options, but I'll see. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So what else is going on?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. Oh, boy. It's been, oh, I don't know. It's been really mellow. It's so nice to be out of the city. Honestly, I've just been walking around in nature and stuff and I live right next to this National reserve, it's like kind of like wetlands but would see and it's just peaceful up here. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No much. We live right here by the Everglades. Yeah. So I mean, I mean literally I can drive Maybe like 15, 20 miles and I'll be right in the everglades. Um You know, you got all kinds of stuff over here that you can see. I was I was traveling back and forth to Miami for work uh two years ago when black panther, there's a, there's a rabbit sitting out in the, in the road, right? You know, he was just sitting there in his little grass, right? And the next thing I know a black panther jumped out in the middle of the road.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: Uh rabbit uh put over it, put over it, right,
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: a Wild 1? They're what?
SPEAKER_L: And you know when you see
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: those
SPEAKER_R: didn't know
SPEAKER_L: things,
SPEAKER_R: those were there.
SPEAKER_L: when you sit on, when you see those things on tv, right, you never know that they are as big as they are, that was huge.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't even know they had those there. I thought they were further down and like I don't know South America.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, we've got plenty of panthers over here. Um
SPEAKER_R: Holy crap.
SPEAKER_L: and and the thing is they were supposed to be um mhm over here, they're supposed to be, you know, they're like a wildlife preserve. So they had the whole thing gave it off. So he never should have been out there in the first place.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so it was like they try to contain them at least. Oh gosh,
SPEAKER_L: you know, he
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: scary.
SPEAKER_L: catch the rabbit, right? Mm hmm. You know he missed, Yeah, that rabbit, that rapid turnaround jump that way up down, turn around and the next thing I know the catch.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's so crazy. Oh my gosh! That was terrified.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I guess we have we have mountain lions, like Cougars and stuff up here which are huge but I've never Come into contact with one luckily because they would attack me. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I mean I knew panthers were big, right? You know, to tell you, you know, you can see those animals big, but they don't really have them. I think one place and uh in Miami the one the zoo zoo down in Miami Metro Zoo. Miami has um but we have been there some years. Um, but you know that cat really never gets the uh you never really get to see that how impressive looking that cat actually looks. You know, in comparison to in comparison to say a lion or a tiger, he might not have, he might not have the sign that the huge hugeness of the animal, but the muscles are the muscular look and the actual building. The catman was like impressive.
SPEAKER_R: dang
SPEAKER_L: You know, I
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: was I was you you know, I was I was in total, you know, actually seeing that, you know, of course, you know, we got gators. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna ask about that, like that would scare me to I c I can't handle all these animals,
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean they don't bother us, you know, they don't bother us. You know, you know, the reason people run into those things is because we're building on their on their territory. So when you build on their territory you can't get upset when they come into your area. So so yeah, you know, but now it's pretty cool over here man. I actually like it. Um I actually like it to be able to see some of that wildlife and stuff like that and you know, I can tell people stories like I'm telling you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh yeah. It blows my mind like I can all we have are like I mean I guess we have bears up here and stuff like that, but it's Even though I hardly ever see one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Actually call my mom would say uh because what I saw she said what I said. I'd like to jump right in the middle of the girl
SPEAKER_R: that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: say what? What? Are you crazy? Are you kidding? Are you okay? And I'm fine. You know It's the coolest thing else up. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: my gosh, ever again. Yeah. Vince and my such my little bubble up here because I went to Dallas last year for just like a few days and then the first thing I saw when I got there was a freaking awesome and I freaked out. I was like what the f is the hugest rat I've ever seen. The guy was hanging out with was like it's a freaking possum relaxed. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They ain't gonna bother you if you don't bother them, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it was freaky looking involving this beady eyes in the dark. I was just like I had going back to my safety and in Seattle.
SPEAKER_L: Don't tell. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We have those here. We have those here and records.
SPEAKER_R: We have so many reckons. Yeah, they're cute. The we have these little there's this like point over by Tacoma by me and you can drive around and all the little tiny raccoons just stand on their hind legs and beg for food because people give it to them from their cars. So you have to drive like hundreds of raccoons around the way just standing there waiting for your food. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: No, they like little bandits over here. They want to take your food so they won't they? They want to fight. So. Yeah. So yeah. So so some of them stories about the raccoons looking at you dirty and stuff like that because they want food. Yeah, it's true. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: She's
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. You know? Yeah. I
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: hadn't had the experience but one chase uh in the in the apartments we had in Coral Springs uh once you get my son back into the house. Back into the apartment.
SPEAKER_R: Seriously cheese.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Okay. Since one You didn't want to put out the Chase one more?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've heard that when I lived at this house down by the river, it was all would see this porky pine lived nearby and was always on our front porch and it was just scared me. I'm like all right, I'm going around the house I guess. But Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So but as you can see the little person has shown up now so I think I'm gonna have to go.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sounds good. Thanks for chatting.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: It was good to
SPEAKER_L: meeting
SPEAKER_R: meet you.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: Meet
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: someone
SPEAKER_L: What's your
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: name again?
SPEAKER_R: It was Blaine
SPEAKER_L: Wait, I'm Lawrence. Nice to meet you man.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you. Have a good everything, you know?
SPEAKER_L: You too man. Remember what I said man. Don't look backwards man. Keep moving forward man.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Keep
SPEAKER_R: appreciate
SPEAKER_L: moving forward.
SPEAKER_R: it. I'll remember that for sure. Thank you so much. But.