Hello. Well Uh huh.
Good, how are you down?
No, some blame. Nice to meet you too. Where
you from?
Location?
I'm in Seattle. Oh
so exact opposite of the country.
that's
all
right. It's fine. It's got kind of crazy this year but actually just moved outside like to a smaller town outside of it just to get away for a few months because I was right in the heart of the city and it was crazy.
But yeah it's somewhere appear Seattle so expensive and Sony just a lot going on right now. Yeah. Yeah.
Have you done this chat thing before? Have you done
one of these studies before?
Oh nice. I did one last night actually I was surprised I got another one right away but it's pretty cool talk to some dude from now. Where was he? He was in New Orleans. Okay
get
No totally
especially right now with everything shut down still kind of it's just like yeah don't meet new people that often. Yeah.
Well we're like in the next Phase two or something over here but they're thinking that the governor is speaking tonight and they think they might start shut yourself down again because it's getting bad again so not really sure.
It's up and down like this makes it hard to find work and stuff. I was serving and bartending and stuff and all the restaurants closed earlier this year and they're at low capacity now so it's just kind of like uh everything shuts down again, it's gonna make it impossible but I don't want to get sick.
parent
you know because yeah. Yeah I think our schools, I don't know
if they went back to school or not because I live next to a middle school and it's still empty every day, so I don't know.
Yeah, I think so. My little brother was going to the University of Washington and he's just doing it all in line back in Spokane on the other side of the state, which he's upset about because he was in like a frat and stuff and isn't going to do all that fun stuff, but but the rats were all having such high numbers that they were like, shut it down, not happening. Mhm,
mm.
they are,
we are
Yeah, I never did the whole college experience or anything, I'm studying online now, but it took me a long time to figure out what I wanted to do.
I'm studying computer science when programming and all that. Mhm.
Nice. Oh, that's too bad.
You're just like, why did you choose that then? You're just like, okay,
this is not for
me
actually.
gosh. Yeah.
What's cool?
That's cool. I mean music teacher and that'll be cool. I'm not musical at all.
Paper.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I really like it to, I've been, I've just been sitting on and off for years and I've just been having to get my life kind of under control lately really buckle down with it so I can Do something because I turned 30 this year and I'm like, all right, I can't f around anymore. I wasted my twenties just partying. Mhm.
I appreciate
that. Yeah,
definitely.
I appreciate that. I definitely am trying to because yeah, there are a lot of mistakes back then and I'm actually in recovery from addiction and I made a program right now so that's where I'm going with my life
and
thank
you.
me too.
definitely.
Yeah, appreciate that, thank you very much. It's
yeah, definitely feels good my life finally moving back in a good direction so although it was raining every day so that's great,
rarely. Oh dang, okay, I won't complain with a little rain then, jeez.
holy crowd. That's geez, that's kind of yeah, that's scary. I've never been anywhere with like natural disasters or anything. Uh huh.
Seriously, it seems like should get like a week off or something like, I don't know, it's like all right, I'll schedule in a tropical storm one day two days later let's go for a hurricane. And between that got to go to school, I go to work, that's crazy.
Was it damaging or just
Oh wow, okay, that's bad.
Well it's kevin, glad you're all safe. That's freaking Yeah, that scares me to go to that kind of part of the country. Have a friend that we're talking about different places to move to and he mentioned Fort Lauderdale because he knows someone there. I'm like, I don't know, I've never been down there, but I'll check it out.
Okay. Yeah, I've yeah, I've lived in scarier areas of Seattle and stuff so I'm pretty used to it.
But yeah, just a
lot of
students
and stuff.
Maybe in software me, I'm too used to the pacific northwest. I like, I feel like I'd be in a shock.
Yeah, I probably won't even end up doing that. I go on I want to go down to san Diego. I went there last year for just a couple of weeks and I didn't say, but next time I kind of want to move down there now because SAn Diego was awesome. It was like perfect weather all the time. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean I was spared, but it's like, no matter where you go, there's something like bad blizzards in the Northeast, hurricanes down in the your side and then earthquakes later, matt rainier could blow up over here and then we'd all just be dead because we're also close.
Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah. Well, screw, it's a little bit too.
yeah, that's the whole west coast, just boom. Oh,
Sure.
Makes you appreciate things like when everything all happened this year, King protests and stuff like that and the covid, it was just like, yeah, I stopped taking anything for granted. Yeah.
I think it's, well, it probably depends on the kids, but that would have been a good thing for me. I do much better with online learning and stuff like that. Like I could never pay attention in class and ended up just having to read it everything on my own anyway and stuff. So that's why I'm doing this code and just self paced online courses and it's perfect because yeah, I can't see myself going and sitting in a classroom anytime soon.
Yeah. Let's have to, I'll see what happens. I'm not sure. I'm still open to a lot of options, but I'll see. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. Oh, boy. It's been, oh, I don't know. It's been really mellow. It's so nice to be out of the city. Honestly, I've just been walking around in nature and stuff and I live right next to this National reserve, it's like kind of like wetlands but would see and it's just peaceful up here. But yeah.
What
Like
a Wild 1? They're what?
I
didn't know
those were there.
I didn't even know they had those there. I thought they were further down and like I don't know South America.
Holy crap.
Okay so it was like they try to contain them at least. Oh gosh,
that's
scary.
Yeah. That's so crazy. Oh my gosh! That was terrified.
I guess we have we have mountain lions, like Cougars and stuff up here which are huge but I've never Come into contact with one luckily because they would attack me. Oh
dang
that's
I was gonna ask about that, like that would scare me to I c I can't handle all these animals,
Yeah. Oh yeah. It blows my mind like I can all we have are like I mean I guess we have bears up here and stuff like that, but it's Even though I hardly ever see one.
that's crazy.
my gosh, ever again. Yeah. Vince and my such my little bubble up here because I went to Dallas last year for just like a few days and then the first thing I saw when I got there was a freaking awesome and I freaked out. I was like what the f is the hugest rat I've ever seen. The guy was hanging out with was like it's a freaking possum relaxed. Yeah
it was freaky looking involving this beady eyes in the dark. I was just like I had going back to my safety and in Seattle.
Yeah.
We have so many reckons. Yeah, they're cute. The we have these little there's this like point over by Tacoma by me and you can drive around and all the little tiny raccoons just stand on their hind legs and beg for food because people give it to them from their cars. So you have to drive like hundreds of raccoons around the way just standing there waiting for your food. It's crazy.
She's
Mhm.
Seriously cheese.
Yeah, I've heard that when I lived at this house down by the river, it was all would see this porky pine lived nearby and was always on our front porch and it was just scared me. I'm like all right, I'm going around the house I guess. But Okay. Yeah.
That's funny. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Sounds good. Thanks for chatting.
It was good to
meet you.
Meet
someone
now.
It was Blaine
nice to meet you. Have a good everything, you know?
I
appreciate
it. I'll remember that for sure. Thank you so much. But.