we're gonna finish it right uh you just close this out and then you hit go right back here, right? And then uh and then you go back there and then you will hit this and then you could say sorry and then you could touch then you will hit this okay? And then I will walk you through the rest. But anyway. Yeah. Oh good. Yeah, probably out.
Hey, how are you?
I'm doing good. My name is Lawrence, nice to meet you.
So
I'm from, I'm from Miami, I'm
currently living near Lehigh acres. What about you?
I'm cool,
but that's that's pretty good. That's cool. You know how you like it
is
here
We did the same thing. Um, I moved here from Miami two years ago. Uh yeah, the cost of living over there is kind of crazy and you know, things just, you know where it wasn't adding up for us so we just had to go. Yeah,
we're here so you know, we're here. so that's a good thing, yeah
that,
no this is my first time actually.
I think it's a good thing
because you get to meet new people and you know you know get to have a conversation with somebody else and you know get to share some things you know about yourself, you know with another person and things like that, so you know that's you know that's pretty cool to me being able to have a conversation with somebody else in another part. You know I have some things in common, you might not if you understand the fact
and
things everything is still shut down over there.
Is that getting to you? Mhm.
that man actually um well I'm a teacher, so I'm on the other side, we here in florida, we have to go back to work and it's a little crazy for us because on, on, on the one end, you know, we have uh we have kids that are in school, so I have to have a set of plans, you know, to work with them. And then on the other hand, I got
kids that aren't working with online as well, so I got to have a set of pipes that, so it's a little bit crazy for us over here. Um and things are getting pretty bad over here as far as the up ticks and stuff like that, but uh he doesn't really want to shut things down right now, so it doesn't look like we're going to see anything anytime soon. Probably not until joe biden goes into office. Yeah.
What?
Really? Yeah. You guys might be online full time.
Yeah,
I get that. He was, he wants to hear that this is his this is the prime time in his in his years in his career so in his time so
this you know but he had plenty of time for that stuff you know?
after he graduates you know he can still go back and enjoy those, enjoy those things. Oh
mm So what is it you're gonna do?
I went through that um uh um I actually when I first got out of high school I wanted to do I'm a music teacher, I want I want to do music. Um But dad had other plans. He wanted me to do what he did. Um So I didn't want to do what he did. So what I did is I decided I wanted to do marine biology and then I realized something I'm really bad at man.
And the second fight was I wasn't going on the water.
So
it
was
Mhm. So I was like, well they got marine biologist that do that do the studies on land, right? And then the guy said, yeah, but they don't make any money. So
so
that works out ways fast.
It's pretty funny. It has his days. It has these days, you know, But it has its rewards as well. But
the computer science is a pretty good feel for you man. If once you get it done, you got plenty of options.
Give you a little bit of ice. Um Don't stress yourself. Don't over stretch yourself. I'm 49 I'll be 50 in January. Um I've been where you are, right? I didn't graduate from from college until I was 26. That was when I got my first degree. Um So I can understand, you know, the frustration that you have and all of those things like that, right? But don't look backwards on yourself whatever you did you did, and that's an experience that builds into who you are right now. So, you know, otherwise you wouldn't be the person that you are right now, so don't beat yourself up for whatever it is you did right? Just look forward, look forward
man like
you are,
but
that's okay, That's okay too. Um You know,
I have family members, uh I have family members. My late uncle was addicted to, you know, to drugs and things of that nature and you know, he was still my uncle man, I didn't love him any less, you know what I'm saying? So, you know, I'm not gonna judge you for what, you know, for the things and the mistakes that you made in the past, man, I'm I'm happy that you're you know that you're recovering, you know what I'm saying? You
know
and that
and I just and I just wanna you know, I just want to see the best for you man. You know, you know we we we are all that we're in different places and we have different things man, we're still people
and you know and you know just know you can make a full recovery and you can do the thing and you don't look back on the things that you did in the past
problem.
We just had uh we just had a tropical storm that left and then came back as a hurricane. So
Okay and I'm talking about that was just monday that I was just monday it was tropical storm at her, right, Tuesday? We went to school uh We went we went back to school right? And then we left school early Like three hours early to go home because Hurricane Edda was coming back.
Yeah so and then on top of that even after hurricane at a cane and she passed through or whatever it is we went back to school today so
Yes it's a pretty interesting day yesterday. Mhm.
No it didn't do too much at least not here Miami uh It went Miami up you know Especially in for a lot of there we have a flea market over there and the flea market was underwater like 18". Yeah
yeah so so yeah it was uh it hit pretty hard in that area but over here we got a lot of rain, a lot of trees blowing and things of that nature. It didn't hit us as hard as it could have. So
I mean for a lot of deal is good. Um The cost of living is fairly, it can it can be decent but you know mind you mind you certain areas are not areas that you might want to be in. Um do your research before you, you know before you move in that in that particular area. Um It's uh it can be pretty good. You got you got some pretty good neighborhoods over there. But then again you got that area, You got that area that's like $1,200. You don't want to stay there.
No man
this
is the the two
places,
There are two places I know that are like an acquired taste right? Like new Orleans, new Orleans for a lot of the actually three places new Orleans for a lot of jail in downtown Miami. Those are acquired taste. I don't know. Uh huh.
but no I mean you can have some fun. There is it's a pretty cool it's a pretty cool place to stay. You just got to be safe. That's something
the only the only worries I worry about is about the California area is uh the earthquakes
Yeah that's true. Not not not to mention uh the sound in various fuck
What? I wouldn't hit California to hit every day so.
Uh huh. So okay. But uh now I mean things are things things could be could be worse, you know we got some we got some scary times going on here but we're here. Right?
So
Yeah I mean caught me off guard in March right? But I'm not gonna lie. I can't I liked it being at home. Uh You know we we were you know we were we did school online until until june and uh we still got paid, they didn't they didn't take the pay from us. So you know, for me I thought it was pretty cool, you know, you'll be able to put your stuff online for the kids to do and then uh what was gracious enough to say, well we'll let you will keep paying you your salary, you know, you know, you know as long as you do what you're supposed to do, clock in and clock in in the mornings, um you know talking in the morning and saving even so even throughout the time that we had to clock in, You know as long as I got it done before 5:00, they were cool, But I usually got up and I usually got up around seven, seven o'clock got to go to taking care of and done all of that stuff and then you set the hours for the kids, so if they have questions and stuff like that, you can answer the questions and things of that nature, you know? So for me, it was pretty cool. I can just sit at home and at the same time, you know, talk to uh talk to the kids and you know, when they needed to and stuff like that, you know?
yeah, I don't know, you know, Like you say as you're 30 now, right? So your, your experience in the classroom will probably be totally different than that 15 year old, you. so, you know, that is um, it's not as, it won't be as much of opinion what and the good news is in college, you know, your experiences will be a little different because, you know, for you, you get hands on experience, you know? No, I'm not gonna and computer science the first three days are you boring voice. But uh you know usually they'll do it like on a three day to day schedule. You got the you got maybe like maybe like monday Wednesday friday, you know if you work in the books and then on Tuesday and thursday you put it the actual work. So so you know that that shit, you know, probably be a different experience for you. You know if you did it that way as well.
So what else is going on?
No much. We live right here by the Everglades. Yeah. So I mean, I mean literally I can drive Maybe like 15, 20 miles and I'll be right in the everglades. Um You know, you got all kinds of stuff over here that you can see. I was I was traveling back and forth to Miami for work uh two years ago when black panther, there's a, there's a rabbit sitting out in the, in the road, right? You know, he was just sitting there in his little grass, right? And the next thing I know a black panther jumped out in the middle of the road.
Uh rabbit uh put over it, put over it, right,
you know?
And you know when you see
those
things,
when you sit on, when you see those things on tv, right, you never know that they are as big as they are, that was huge.
Oh, we've got plenty of panthers over here. Um
and and the thing is they were supposed to be um mhm over here, they're supposed to be, you know, they're like a wildlife preserve. So they had the whole thing gave it off. So he never should have been out there in the first place.
you know, he
didn't
catch the rabbit, right? Mm hmm. You know he missed, Yeah, that rabbit, that rapid turnaround jump that way up down, turn around and the next thing I know the catch.
Well,
I mean I knew panthers were big, right? You know, to tell you, you know, you can see those animals big, but they don't really have them. I think one place and uh in Miami the one the zoo zoo down in Miami Metro Zoo. Miami has um but we have been there some years. Um, but you know that cat really never gets the uh you never really get to see that how impressive looking that cat actually looks. You know, in comparison to in comparison to say a lion or a tiger, he might not have, he might not have the sign that the huge hugeness of the animal, but the muscles are the muscular look and the actual building. The catman was like impressive.
You know, I
was I was you you know, I was I was in total, you know, actually seeing that, you know, of course, you know, we got gators. Yes.
Well I mean they don't bother us, you know, they don't bother us. You know, you know, the reason people run into those things is because we're building on their on their territory. So when you build on their territory you can't get upset when they come into your area. So so yeah, you know, but now it's pretty cool over here man. I actually like it. Um I actually like it to be able to see some of that wildlife and stuff like that and you know, I can tell people stories like I'm telling you.
Yeah. Actually call my mom would say uh because what I saw she said what I said. I'd like to jump right in the middle of the girl
say what? What? Are you crazy? Are you kidding? Are you okay? And I'm fine. You know It's the coolest thing else up. Yes.
Yeah. They ain't gonna bother you if you don't bother them, so. Yeah.
Don't tell. Yeah.
We have those here. We have those here and records.
No, they like little bandits over here. They want to take your food so they won't they? They want to fight. So. Yeah. So yeah. So so some of them stories about the raccoons looking at you dirty and stuff like that because they want food. Yeah, it's true. Mhm.
Mhm. You know? Yeah. I
hadn't had the experience but one chase uh in the in the apartments we had in Coral Springs uh once you get my son back into the house. Back into the apartment.
yeah. Okay. Since one You didn't want to put out the Chase one more?
Yeah.
So but as you can see the little person has shown up now so I think I'm gonna have to go.
It's
meeting
you
man.
What's your
name again?
Wait, I'm Lawrence. Nice to meet you man.
You too man. Remember what I said man. Don't look backwards man. Keep moving forward man.
Keep
moving forward.