Yeah. Yes. Getting your. Okay
let's start a timer for good measure. Okay. Yeah.
How are
you?
Wonderful. I never know. I don't know I did one of these. I never know what to say.
I was locked out. I got well I was probably one of those for somebody but not on purpose. Um because I scheduled the first one and then I realized I had a meeting during that time that I didn't know about. So I emailed
like I send a message back to the scheduling thing, it was like I can't do that sorry. Uh I don't know if they changed it in time or not. I hope so.
But
I well and like I uh I'm scheduled them during basically my lunch so I'm like oh I got real limited times, you know
it's a
lunch
break, why not? Yeah.
it's
an office. Yeah, I need to clean it out. It's messy, mm. Mhm.
No, now what do you do?
Right. That sounds reasonably, it's a simple explanation but probably not that simple.
No, I get it. I sit and tell kids that they have to use that math. I teach computer science. So like
you know
99 to 12 so it
was an accident. I was hired, I'm a librarian, I was hired to run the library and like halfway through that cake, do you know? You can teach java classes? Um Sure
listen, if it keeps me employed, whatever.
that makes sense.
And again it sounds easy. It's probably not like you have to be good at it. Mhm.
I don't know.
Is you know luckily I get like have fun classes there, you're not going to come take a job class if you don't really want to. You know, I'm
actually interested in it. But yeah, but you know, you gotta do a lot of math. Like they don't a lot of students don't even realize like how much probably the first nine weeks is entirely learning how to program it to do math. It's like, well, I'm sick of math, you know, like that's okay.
It's an estimate.
Uh huh That's kind of, I don't know, we have an automated greater that checks. It's like, oh, you didn't have a semi colon, You failed. It's like I'm not gonna fail you for that. Just let's try it again until works and I'm not gonna care like in real life you would fix this and you're going to move on. So we're gonna be cool. Like,
I
don't
know.
Who?
Like
that's,
it happens a lot.
That's
it.
It's so funny to me, I laugh about it sometimes because I did that in high school, like it was the only computer class we offered and I took it and probably like a year later I've had practiced a whole bunch of and this is like my freshman year in high school, I got pretty good at it and I sold the service of doing it to like every church within 50 miles for 50 bucks a month. And I had like when I went to college, I had like 200 bucks a month coming in from these churches that
I was like that I still had gone and I did nothing like I copied in their updates every week and that was it. And you know, the crazy part is is like I'm in my mid thirties, I've been out of school however long and I'm still getting $200 a year from something I did when I was 18 like and, and really it's a, it's a small business nearest and included was I'll run their email server so I just keep running their email server for $200 a year. It's like three dudes that run a survey and company have no idea how to set up an email server. Like oh yeah, I'll just keep doing that too. And I always, I build them right in november. I get paid right at christmas, like an extra bonus.
it's so funny. Like I don't know a lot. I just, I'm a lucky guy I followed to these things
and you know sometimes it happens in really weird ways. Like a guy road mountain bikes with called me one day and was like, hey you wanna make some money? Are we selling drugs? He's like, no, no, no, I work for this company. We install like medical devices for elderly. Okay. You say you're a schedule, go do it. Okay. This sounds reasonable. And the covid man, I was laid off from it. But until then like for three years because I went to some mountain bike race five years ago for three years I had a job. I was like, oh yeah, work all summer. I worked every weekend. It's it's a good way to get out of debt.
that's I'm pretty thankful I get to be lucky.
Well that's it. I'm pretty sure his logic was like I live, he lived were in Ohio. So he lived in columbus. He's like I got to drive all the way down the near where you live. I don't want to go that far. You take over, I'll do everything up here.
No,
I don't know. Yeah we're like in the middle of nowhere. Ohio like like it's uh my wife moved here from west Virginia but it's extra middle of nowhere here. Um But we have like our whole county has one stoplight and we're the least densely populated place in the state. Yeah, it's kind of wonderful. Like we live in a small town, like most village but like five minutes from mrs dial up internet and woods, you know. Mm.
That's the only part
I've
been to
his girlfriend.
Yeah, it's funny because I said town and then I was like, oh yeah village, like we're two square miles and about 2000 people, like it's not large. Yeah.
Yeah that's about the same for our whole county as 11,011 to 13 And it really, you know, like it's backwards, But it's I mean, that's why we like it. My wife grew up in a holler outside of Huntington, west Virginia. Like she she always says like, oh, I'm from Huntington and she lived out in the middle of nowhere and and even, I mean she's a year older than I am, so we're both in our mid thirties. She said, you know, she she was almost in high school when they got running water, like
it really was the middle of nowhere. And as for my kids, like that's that's a big deal. They're like, oh, yeah, well, you know, we've got everything we could want and I'm like, you do, and we know we don't we want another dog or whatever. You know, Jesse grew up without running water like, don't you guys know this?
Yeah. That's
That's a big deal.
But listen.
Yeah. All right. Our kids they go to go to their moms every other week for a little bit and they came back last night and the little amazon book had come in the mail and they're looking through and all of a sudden my eight year old walks everything is like, you know what I need is one of those Syria watches, like your guys like listen, we got him because it was a deal on our phones. Like if we bought the watches, it was so much off the bill and it worked out even like, we don't we're not buying one for a new year. It's like it could tell me how to practice baseball better. That's not a thing. He's like, ask it, ask Siri how to practice baseball. I'm like, no. You know. But he's I don't know, he's wild. He's in the middle one. Uh
Oh, I love
you.
gosh.
We
right, we gave liam the ability to use like messenger kids to call people and detects people and he drives everyone nuts. Uh What's versus like, you know of all things to know about. I don't know why I would. I'm telling a complete stranger this uh he has short bowel, so like he only has 20% of his intestine. So the rule with him always is like bathroom means bathroom. You don't question it, you get there whether it's pull off the road and go or whatever, you know? And he does real well. But sometimes he gets up at one in the morning and he carries the tablet to the bathroom with him and then he calls you at one in the morning from the other end of the house like buddy, what's wrong? I think I saw a spider in the bathroom and I can't stand up. I'm stuck like okay. You know what's worse is I kind of get it because first I'm like man, we don't we shouldn't text each other from other ends of the house. That's a bad idea. And instead he's like,
but if I yell, nobody, nobody hears me. And it's because this bathroom is all the way at this end and our room was an addition above the garage on this end and it's kind of sound proof like. Uh huh.
Sorry. The shop teacher walking past my office, we have a leak in our roof. We put out a float, inflatable pool with ducks in it to catch the
leak. Well we ran out of trash cans. Uh huh.
Well
we it's like seven trash cans out there catching leaks. When I was hired, they replaced the carpet and redid the room and they told me that that was you know, there had been a leak and they were fixing it and they didn't fix the leak. They just replaced everything underneath. Uh Now it's well, we're getting a new school in seven years. We're not gonna do anything now. Okay, put out cans. I saw, luckily everybody's learning from home for the first semester. So we're all right.
Well,
we
did
full
remote and we're like the only school that did full remote, but we're in the same town as Ohio University. So there's a huge number of students that college students that are here like half the population is college students. And they got like two dorms are quarantined in I think because they had so many cases, which is a little nuts and, and I live, like I said in the middle of nowhere, but I drive 35 minutes to get here, 35 minutes away. Like I go to ball games to watch my kids, nobody has a mask like in the whole damn park. You know those stores care is our stores are like Jim's gas station. It's not like jim doesn't care. He's, he'll yell at you every now and then just to be a jerk and you know, he lives next door so I can't get too mad at him. He's around me anyway. But it's kind of like, it's like Mayberry ended. So our, our kids go to school five days a week full time. Like they went back in august and are normal and then I come to work and teach on zoom all day.
But
that's
man, that's so we have here, we have set online through the end of the year now we're where two days in person, three days virtual. But they switch. So like some people come on these two days, some people come on these two and they say this work, I don't know how well, but in my 30 kids in my home room it seems to have that like households. So you're on a cohort by household, which makes sense. Like your whole household comes on Wednesday, thursday, your whole household comes on monday Tuesday or whatever the plan is. Except then we have like craziness where like oh yeah, I was supposed to come on those days but I'm just staying home like well you have to tell someone that not me, I'm not the one to tell that to. So they've had like there's been a huge switch in the last week of how many students we have on any given day. I have like three students in the room and the restaurant soon. I'm like, oh okay, that's, I'll have my three students sit here and work just like they would at home. But we also have kids here who there's no internet within 10 miles of their house, you know, that's it's good. They can come back in the building. At least it's
are
they junk archer
junk?
Hey.
Well.
Right. So he can't
be
on the
ipad,
but
he can
watch
Youtube.
That's it. I see. You know, it's kind of it's educational.
and
that my my eight year old is a big fan of if you curse, he will scold you so any time that I curse, he's real angry, but just in the last like week he's come up with, it's not it's not bad if it's in a song like what are you talking about? He's like this song on the Youtube, it says effing this. And I'm like, what do you want some Minecraft video and all of the police? Like I'll have to kill, you know, listen, you're not watching that anymore. No more Minecraft. He's like, but I love steve from Minecraft. I'm like, I know, but
not that one. He's like, I watched it sometimes at my mom's too, and she said the same thing. I'm like, well good. That's
That's
he'll his new one and it's awful. I don't know how this got started. Uh it's my fault entirely, but he says jesus, like jeans, jesus and jesus and I don't, I said it one day when he was putting on jeans and it's stuck, it's been like a month and a half, I was like come on jesus and I it's not fun, like it's awful, but you said it at a ball game the other night, he was catching, he was catching in the ball of past and he said jesus and the parents behind him lost it like what did he just say? Yeah, he's a good kid man, he's a great kid, I promise. He's just, you know, it's a little wild sometimes. Like I got to learn not to say this stuff to him now. My older one, he's 13, my daughter, she she'll be seven this month. They don't care at all, like they won't repeat anything, they don't, I have no stress about, you know mom said about word dad said about it, it's no big deal. He'll lecture you for an hour. But then he'll let out something every now and then it's like man and he he never forgets like, yeah,
he's, you know,
we went on vacation last summer and he'll be like, oh yeah, do you remember in the beach house? They had a brown blanket with a red stripe. I really want one like that for christmas. What? Like not the bedroom I stayed in, but the other bedroom downstairs had a brown blanket with a red stripe. No man, I don't even know. Like he's like, I just remember things. Yeah, you do
made.
It's
like that maybe that will serve you well in the future. I hope because it's I'm not even sure what day it is most of the time. Uh huh
Come on.
And
it's
A blanket just like that. Yeah, the one that kills me is the real literal meaning of things like, like liam a lot. And it doesn't it doesn't bother me most of the time, but things like my my dad is this old school coach guy, you know, like, you know, he coached football through the seventies here in in the eighties and then he administrator for a long time, 100 times and the kids will be playing with something. I'll have a nerf ball in his hand and he will say something about it. He's like that's not even a real bullet. And then I was like, yeah, it's real, I can touch it, see touch touch. It's real like listen, I I know what you mean, but you can't argue with your grandfather about real Nous he doesn't like
dude.
I get
that one,
it's like
you know
And
My wife always says uh you leave something laying in the floor and my daughter, it's it's a running joke now in our house but Audrey looks at her and that's probably like I don't know, Audrey would have been like four, maybe five. I mean she is a jesse lived with us for about a year. It wasn't like she was brand new to all of this, but all of a sudden she said that and Audrey looked right at her and said it's on the floor, jesse not in the floor, just like so here I am like a 35 year old woman breaking down in tears because some kid corrected me, you know? So every time she said something like yeah you left your shoes laying in the floor. So I mean on the floor, so you know, it's really not a big deal. I'll never say it again. Mm And I think after a while she finally just kept saying like Audrey, I grew up in a holler out in the woods, like that's how I talk and it's not okay. Like I know it's wrong, but that's how I talk. It does look like, well she doesn't get it, you know,
no,
write
it.
That's
a good phrase.
know,
Or if it's something that, you know like ah you think it's a good thing not to lie to people and that's that's rigid and that's great. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, you
know,
that's okay.
we're at time so I'll let you go
All right. Hey,
have
a good day
though.
I
think so.
No I think if you exit I let the other person do it first last time so I don't know. But
but
the
other tabs
still there and then you can hit next and then
you feel a whole bunch of stuff like did you think this person seemed nice at just tell him now it's okay.
All
right. Have a good
day. Bye.