it's something that Mhm. To get to. Yeah. Okay. Next. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Now it's time. Yeah. Hi, can you hear me?
Yes, I can.
Yes.
All
right, Good. You?
Well, I'll tell you this is the first time I've been doing one and I think this this is either my third or fourth rescheduling because nobody ever shows up. So this is the first time.
And
Well, I figured
I know I used to say between like nine and five and this time I was like, I'm just not going to get up early. Maybe I'll say later. Like 10th. So maybe I get a different partner group. I don't know. All right.
Are
you
at work?
I'm looking around I see like office supplies
and
Uh I'm pretty sure my my office back I've been working from home for well, March, but I'm sure my office back there is not not in good shape.
I am an estimator. I do pricing.
I get to spend all day long doing all the math that they told you you would never have to use in high school. And that's what I do all day.
that's what we're great
grade levels do you teach?
at least there.
My
Well I did, I did customer service for manufacturing company for almost 20 years. And when I hit my mid life crisis, I said I'm not talking to people ever again. I never ever ever want to do customer service ever again. But I'm pretty good with coming up with pricing my own job. So maybe I could do that. So
I spend all day long where someone says if I bought 100,000 these, how much would that cost? And I, you know, 53 cents each. That's my
well,
I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure that teaching is difficult. I have and I have 1/9 grader, so I'm very sure that
Hey.
Well, I just don't know. I can't, I can't remember my brain around being that precise. Like I took, I took to computer science classes in college and the only reason I passed the second one, which was in C plus plus, So like not complicated was because my professor would look at my phone because I could never get it to compile ever. I'd be like, maybe like you're missing a parenthesis, you're missing this. And I'm like, and that's why I'm an estimated 53 cents is good enough. It doesn't have to be perfect. Close
what's good? It doesn't have to be 100%. Right.
That's
why
I like,
that's why I passed by professor. Like I just type passing
pages of code. Like this is what I wrote, it won't compile or anything, but I wrote this may be like, I see you understand incursion, you underst like you understand it. I'm
like, yeah, I just,
I'm not the detail.
of course stuff is so much different now. I mean like, I don't know when I first started, we had one classmate to write a web page and you had to do the whole html. Like you couldn't just highlight in bold, you had to do all the block. Like it's so much
easier
now.
that's awesome.
No, that's awesome. I'm chase.
Well,
Now sometimes sometimes it is all about being in the right place at the right time. I
or me or meeting the right people, I guess it's not always about religion everyplace. Sometimes it's been meeting the right people who can get you in the right spot, like.
Are you still in Ohio,
are you somewhere else?
I'm not quite that far, I'm in, I'm in central massachusetts. Like the part of massachusetts, it's not boston, of course
it's a
small
state,
but you know not boston, I got to always put that in um but in a small town, but we're close to things I guess, like that's our little but not the middle of nowhere.
I say, I think my town, I should know this because we're actually just looking this up because we had a very very large town meeting that we had 800 people show up at. I think there's a lot, I think there's 11,000 people in my town so
But
mhm Well my my kids still can't believe I grew up before the internet so
I am a little bit of like yeah I remember the days you know nobody had a phone, nobody had an ipad, nobody you know we had cable tv but like that was you know
we didn't get, I didn't get like the Nintendo system till I was in high school like you got like nowadays
like yeah so
my my eight year old lost his ipad privileges for um being on Youtube when we needed to be on remote learning and
the
line he tried to you the line he tried to use with me it's like, but I can't face time with grandma like, yep I get that, but
you
still need to be remote school when your remote school and not youtube.
All
mhm,
that's
well I'm at the duck part, not like the, not like
the
I I was gonna say are you guys doing full remote
or partial or this or
what
are you
doing?
I was gonna say my kids have, well our town shows you could do partially remote, so you go to school for two days, you stay home for three, you can choose full remote and then we'll give you an online thing and if your kids are super high needs, they go four days with one day remote and so my youngest goes two days and stays three home for three. My oldest is on the autism spectrum and I'm not quite sure why because he didn't hit their official qualifications, but they put him in the four day week group. So now my life is also revolved around now. Not only do I have to
do the homework, but it's like, are you in school today? Is your brother in school today? Are you
both in school today? Do I have to? So today I had to drop my oldest stuff and then get my youngest and he had to do his homework and then we had to do, it was just
was gonna say the biggest, biggest thing we've been struggling with this. They gave everybody a chromebook. Mhm.
Or
well my oldest, my
oldest has had a chromebook since I want to say seventh grade, so, and he had to trade for a new one. And his first, I think the second day of school we opened it up and it said, you know, fatal error, please insert the restart disk. So I'm like, yeah, that's not gonna work. So we dropped it off to be fixed and then four days later we got the same thing, so we just got a brand
new one.
My my youngest has figured out they don't block youtube
so
you
can
sit there and
watch
youtube
on your
chromebook.
Well, my my oldest was complaining, I guess they block, they did block some youtube sites because he's like, I can't watch any of my music videos and I can't do this and they don't use bad words and I'm like, yeah, I'm sure it's a level of something and too many people up
till.
no,
it's funny, my, my eight year old, we'll be watching some and I can hear it and he'll look up, he'll look at me and then he'll just grab this thing like, because he knows he never uses those, like he doesn't curse himself, but he knows that this is a questionable, maybe
we shouldn't be listening.
of course
me,
some
people have very observant memory, whatever, they just got
it.
yeah. Oh no,
my, my youngest Canada's had to hit both of my kids are diagnosed on the spectrum. I'm, I know 100% sure from my oldest, I knew from the time he was a year old, my youngest son, not as I'm not as convinced, but he definitely, he has, like you're saying that memory, like, you know, when I was two there was a blanket on the back of this chair or like I mean he just, yep, and he's right, so I don't
I mean like it's
not like he's making it up or he thinks he knew or like the few cases I'm like yeah, you're absolutely right. There was, you know.
No, I was gonna say my youngest has that
like, I don't know, like rounding like so today he had to be a remote learning for eight or sorry, Wednesdays is eight, all the other days is 8 20. So he logged in he goes, I said no it doesn't work. I said well your classes in here because it's, you know, it's eight, it doesn't start till 8 20. You're the only one I said, so you gotta wait about 20 minutes goes, no, it's 19 because it's 801 Well 20
minutes
close enough like
we'll
give it just give it to me here. We're almost there.
Or specific words and be like, can you go get that up off the couch? Don't you mean sofa? Well, the kind of the same thing. You just give it to me here.
No, just that's the way it
is then. That's the way like, yes, my
youngest
son, my youngest son, always that stubborn and apparently the correct word is cognitive rigidity. That's
what
But yes, if it's in his head and it's this way it's this way and not you can't changing fortunately
like if it's good grammar or something like you can keep that in your head like, you know, I'm down with that. But you know.
It was funny my oldest was all the same thing. Wouldn't lie would because that's pretend that's not true. And I remember the first time, I don't know, he was maybe 12 much oldest. You do your homework said, oh no. Oh wait, yes, I did. Like, he's starting to tell the truth. He stopped in the middle. I'm like, yeah,
I'm
like
positive for like, you know, socially appropriate development negative here for no, you still have to do your homework and you can't lie about it. Uh huh.
All
How
do I,
you
know, how do I just exit out of the window or is
there something
I need to do? Okay.
I will do it first then
and
have
great,
but
uh huh. Okay. I will do that and have a great
day at school,
hey.