Okay, good evening. Uh huh.
Good, how are you doing tonight? Uh
Oh nice. My name is, bob
nice to meet you christian. Where are you located at?
nice. You're going to college there? Yeah.
I am located in Jacksonville florida.
So down south from you.
A little bit
Yeah I mean it's well it's right here
but I mean they're just not really haven't been a good team in a long time.
Exactly. I mean I'll go see the games but it's usually to watch an opposing team.
Uh We have the Chicago bears which are they have their ups and downs and they're they're doing a little good this year. I mean you actually have nick Foles down.
I mean you have a whole offensive line and stuff and if they're not you know, doing what they're supposed to, Are you a bears fan?
Okay well when I when they got you know, nick Foles played here last year just for a moment and then gone and
then he's doing good somewhere
else.
Yeah he started here the season last year but he got injured and got taken out and then when he came back he was worthless and they went with their backup quarterback guy named Minshew and he's
still
young
partisan.
Yeah but he you know they're they're rebuilding. It's gonna be a few more years till they get to be a good team maybe. Yeah.
It's hard when you're a fan to watch your team self destruct all the time.
Yeah. And then you have the Chicago white sox there, you watch any of the baseball and you got the bulls.
to.
That's
always
yeah. Yeah the cubs you know that's that's history there so.
Everybody just celebrated it and yeah I'm a transplant from California so I have a lot of California teams, I like, well my I like the Dodgers, just my my team and we finally won a year, so
I mean finally it's been, you know, a long time and uh
is like 1985,
either 85 or 89, it's been a long time and I mean they've been to the World Series multiple times, but just couldn't couldn't tie it up, you know, couldn't couldn't win it.
Yeah, they played
use,
exactly, I mean, I couldn't believe that they would pull something like that, but and in fact, some of those coaches I think are getting rehired now too.
Yeah, it's like they didn't care, so it was the whole team and you know, I I can't say it, take it away, I'm in Houston was a good team that year, so, you know, and people trying to say, well they couldn't get the championship, but they were still a good team. I mean they had good pitching, good hitting. I mean, I don't fault them for that, but they didn't need to cheat. I don't know why you need to cheat if you're having good players.
Exactly. Uh So we're sitting there in Chicago.
No,
it's a um well it's got a lot of mathematics involved in a lot of thinking and I
minored in computer science when I when I got my degree and yes, it was that's something I wanted to stay with. Is that something you're looking forward down the road?
what
what languages are they teaching now?
So python and java is one of the two biggest ones now.
Are you
okay? Yeah, I mean before the use of teach, like you know I learned COBOL and FORTRAN, you know some of these
you get the debugging was a big part of it and just yeah it wasn't always easy. Um But I majored in accounting, that's that's where my major part was as I enjoyed the accounting side more than computer science. I was always intrigued with computers though. Uh What are you learning like for web design? What do you want to do in with that kind of degree?
No.
Okay. Are you going to stay there in the Chicago area?
What?
Exactly. Are you having classes online or you um are
you going to actual clients
don't
look?
Exactly because you're used to you know the whole college experience and everything that goes with it and then all of a sudden now like you said it's a ghost
town. What?
Exactly. I have a daughter that's in um in school and she does the same thing, you know a lot of bed right to the computer and I was like that's not a not a you know not away for schooling to be but it has to be done right now.
I was gonna say do they have they make you keep the camera on? Probably not.
exactly participate you know you know get something out of it but isn't it hard not being able to talk to your professors you know and get that one on one interaction.
It's just a bunch of names there that you you know who they go to and yeah, what about study groups and stuff like that you know. Yes
exactly, Chicago, got a lot of, a lot of cases I thought I heard that they did that it was increasing their
adhere
to it. Yeah. They're just going to brush it off, you know? Yeah.
Come come to florida. Our governor doesn't care.
Well
only get back in March and uh in april, excuse me in april and part of May. And then the governor just you know, in fact, was it last week, he said I'm going for herd immunity. He goes, I don't get no
more restrictions, No more nothing. He goes, I don't care if everybody in the state gets infected. It's because that's how I'm shooting for herd immunity and either through everybody gets it or the vaccine comes along. He was I will never shut anything down again. And he's he's very adamant on that. He's been that way since uh probably like july he was like, you know, he goes to shutting down stuff doesn't work. He goes he hurts the economy and he goes, I don't think it's helping any, you know, even though people are getting, you know, the infections won't way up. Uh He just shut down the bars for a period of time during the summer. But then now he's saying I will never do that again. He will not shut schools down. It's just he's kinda out there.
Yeah. He's followed the advice of the this doctor that trump brought on in the in the White House. I forget what the guy's name is, but he's a neurologist, not a radiologist that trump brought on to help him with the covid stuff and that's his his philosophy has herd immunity. And so since the santas here, our governor is friends with trump. He bought on into that and said, all right, we're going this route.
So it's basically everybody knows protect yourself because nobody else is going to protect you, you know?
It hurts them. They needed the indoor dining and stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. I mean I think it's probably gone a long way too far and it's not no way to come back from it
right until it comes home to you and then you have to deal with it, yep. Hey, I assume that you haven't been around anybody that's been exposed or anything or is that an issue on campus there?
like
going into bars or having big parties indoors, you know that kind of stuff. Yeah
been
safe
there.
Yeah. And that's about what we do here too. I mean we we know that when we go out, you know avoid people as much as possible, wear a mask. You know, um, we went out today for nature walk and stuff and every time you come across people, even on the trails, people step off, You know, they still maintain distance and it's good to see that, you know, people are at least thinking all the time. Even even if you know, our governor doesn't care, you know, like he doesn't, there's no mass mandate here now that went away.
No. Yeah. Do you have a mask mandate there?
Which,
yeah. You know, in a store or something, they have that right to deny somebody. I was in, um, a sprout, which is like a, like a whole food yesterday and there was a couple in there, they didn't have their mask on. And actually one of the employees came up and said, do you need a mask and was ready to offer them a mask? And they were like, no, we have our masks. And and they were like, he goes, oh, I got matched if you need him. And the guy said, well I could maybe use a new one and he took them. But you know, they made sure that they put on their mask while
they were in the store. Um because if not, they'll probably escort them out because it's their prerogative. I mean as a business owner, but you go into like a big store like walmart who will not enforce it because they're afraid of violence and stuff.
Yeah. You don't want to see violence.
You
just
go to another ill. Yeah.
And
that's what
we
do
now play it safe. What's, what's the weather there in Chicago right now?
Give you some nice weather. Have you had snow yet?
so it has been nice there.
Yeah I guess you could say that I went to Chicago it was about a year ago during the summertime. And I stayed in the downtown area and I really liked it there. It was very nice city uh in the downtown area. I thought that was very nice
lot
there to do it. Yeah I like the river they had running through there and just seeing everything that was going on. It was just it was a lot different. I mean I was nice to see um Chicago the way it was you know?
Yeah I mean you know besides being in L. A. I mean Chicago with that to me was felt even different and more you know bigger buildings and just a lot more going on and I was I enjoyed it there. It was a nice very nice visit and I'm glad I went there and I was like I'll go back. I spent about a week down in that area. So
I was there on business. Was there visiting Amtrak, I do a lot of railroad business and I was visiting Amtrak in their downtown. Uh checking checking out some new locomotives that they had there and um but they had all their also went down to the station down in downtown Chicago also. Um that's where their their main offices are at for their people and so is there a lot But I did go out to the yards and stuff and I understand stick it don't tell me watch out in Chicago, whatever it is you go to. It's like it seems like a nice city.
Yeah it was but like I said it was nice and just yeah I I don't know if I could live down there though, that's it's nice to visit but I don't know if I could live in a downtown area. I saw all the different apartment buildings and stuff and I was like uh that's a different kind of lifestyle.
Is it a big college there?
Exactly, a nicer. A smaller campus is always better, you know, it's just easier to get around. You said lawyer, lawyer. Excuse
me. Oil
is.
Where
is
the worth their main campus at?
No,
I mean
I mean isn't there a main um college because is that a satellite to it? Because I mean I've
heard of the university, I just thought it was in I thought was in California or something before.
So it is a big university system then.
Exactly, that's impressive. Good. Well is this the first time you've done this or your fifth time or how many times you've done this now?
they
come up. Yeah this is my 7th. This will be my last time unless they increase it again.
So
yeah I mean I did actually um I did one on I think it was friday and it was another college student, she was
out in Duke University and then I happened to get I got one before that he was in Tampa Bay and he was he worked for the buccaneers at their stadium. He actually worked at Tampa Bay buccaneer stadium. So
you know how our conversation went. Mhm.
Yes I've had that a couple of times or they canceled at the last minute.
But
so when
you schedule
it of course you're you're there most of the time. So you if you're doing your studies and stuff, you can take a break from it and do this for 25 minutes.
Yeah. So I do the same thing if I've got time, I do you know do some prolific stuff on the side and you know, and then do my other stuff during the day and it's but I end up like working a lot of nights because the house might be a little hectic. I've got kids and uh it's easier to work when they go to bed.
I'm
using
Safari. What
are you
using?
Chrome
or?
I
do I have it on my chrome to and but it doesn't always work. It doesn't always seem like it announces them when they when it's supposed to.
Yeah, because I have used a prolific notify their before and and it used to have one that was on
something else and then whoever supported it. They closed up shop and I remember if it was on the app or if it was on the browser but I think prolific said they were going to take it over and it works some of the times I have to maybe check chrome because I do have chrome in the background all the time. Open.
Yeah, because it's an extension on here. Let me see. Hold on. If it will, let me bring up chrome real quick. Yeah, I see. It's got a one next. So yeah, you're right. It's prolific assistant. But like
I was
on the I was on the computer before we had our conversation and there was a study that came up but it never told me.
Well I was able to get it but it was like why isn't
you know, maybe
I need to uninstall and then reinstall it.
Exactly even though it shows one right now and it's been the same one that's been up there for like three days now.
Exactly. And I forget what it worked better before. But yeah sometimes like people complained that it didn't work that it worked. You know it would tell you there's a survey and then they you know the time already had gone by too long.
Yeah because I come back to my computer and I'll you know, log back in and it'll tell me there's a survey, it's already gone. And I was like well just miss that.
Yeah exactly because sometimes they have some that pay halfway decent. They only take a few minutes.
Yeah so there's a little extra money on the side. Do use another 1.2 sometimes uses mechanical turk Amazon.
you can do surveys or there's um like piece work that some people people put out there and but they're only like you look at them they're like a penny to itemize a receipt or something you know to keep it in. I don't play around that. But they have surveys that pay pay pretty good. Sometimes it's just not there's not a lot and you have to wait you know build up your your rating there okay per se you know the more that you do on there then the more you know you'll get on there are more surveys and I every once well if I get bored or something I'll go on there and do some work just so I keep myself active on there.
Yeah there's different ones out there. So I was just looking at the football game, sorry it's 23 17
New England and Baltimore.
Yeah. I don't know. Belichick must be he's gonna be writing and reading right now.
I was glad when they got smashed by uh new Orleans um Last week.
Yeah I mean the Bucks, I mean I feel brady, he's just trying to do everything he can to get another Super Bowl ring before he retires. I mean he's you know he brought in um Gronk Gronkowski.
Yeah and they they took 111 player from Jacksonville um and then they just signed on on tan Antonio brown.
exactly and I never worked for the Raiders because I mean you know the Raiders have been like that they bring a lot of bad guys together and they just don't can't play together.
But we'll see how it goes. You know the next few games they got a couple of easy ones and then we'll see what they play. Some tougher ones when they play Kansas City will be the real test again. Mhm
know
Who is the quarterback Chicago had a couple of years ago, like two years ago? He came from Denver and that's why I hated Chicago for a period of time.
it was a starter for you guys. I just can't, I'm just drawing a blank and what his name was, I didn't like Chicago for a period of time. He was a real winner of a quarterback too.
yeah, jay Cutler. There it is.
drink Cutler.
Yeah, I thought he was going to try and make a name for himself. There was just like rooting against Chicago for a period of times. Like you leave you leave Denver where you could have had a good job to go to Chicago.
Well I think we made our pastor 25 minutes, which is good.
And
Yeah, it was really good talking with you. Um, what is it like? You're an hour behind us, right still like 9:40.
How are you okay?
Yeah. Late night. A study night.
All right. Well, it was nice meeting you and
good luck there in Chicago and with your studies and
in your
future endeavors.
All
to
be safe. Okay.