gone,
not too bad, a little busy here with school but I figured I'd take a break for a little bit.
I'm christian,
I'm up here in Chicago actually. Um About like half an hour north of like downtown. Yeah that's where I go to school.
that's right yeah my my senior year, so for a little while longer I am. How about yourself?
All right on.
Are you a jaguars fan?
Is anyone I just Because how many teams are there in Florida? 2? 3? Really well, I feel like it's like you got to be a real one to uh support the jaguars
and.
Exactly yeah. You gotta really be, you gotta have your heart in it.
Yeah, I do the same thing with some teams over here.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. Well they you said it yourself. Yeah ups and downs. It started the year there were five or no I think or five in one or something. So it was a big up and since then just like straight downhill. Yeah, I think they're like two or three losses in a row. Um Yeah, they were really excited when they started playing nick instead of Travis key. But the longer you see him play, you start to question whether or not the quarterbacks really the problem, like there's definitely some deeper issues with the team beyond just who's under center. Yeah.
Yeah, I'd say so.
Did
I don't know
that.
That
guy is
the guy is a character
from what I've seen about him. Seems like a funny guy.
Yeah. Yeah. The bears like people, they probably should just like tear it down and rebuild. But like, I don't know, I don't think the fans are ready for that. They still think that like, because the defense has always been pretty good. See the thought has always been like if they could just get somebody like average, even mediocre at quarterback And like the offense could put up 20 points a game, like that would take care of it and then defense would do the rest. But every game this season it's been like honestly a shutout to like the fourth quarter, which is just brutal to watch.
Yeah, exactly. It's whatever it is, what it is. At least with the berries, we've been used to it lately. So no surprises.
Yeah, I'm more of a cubs fan myself. Like my dad and his dad are both cubs fans. So I think that's usually how people get with it. But the socks do have the cheapest tickets. So that's definitely a case where like I'll go and, and I'll just buy like the cheapest nosebleeds and you can usually move up and whoever is in town. Yeah, I watched them. They have like a dollar hot dog night to which like there's no limit
on how many get. So that's a good that's always a good time. Can't
complain
about that for that reason alone for that reason alone. I don't mind the socks so much. Even if I like the cubs, they're all right for that.
Oh yeah, yeah, exactly. A couple of years ago, even though like the team's kind of uh fallen short of what they thought were they were going to do after they won a couple of years ago. Just having that one championship was unbelievable. The parade downtown was like, you can barely move without bumping into somebody. It was just so crowded.
Good, Good year for you. Huh. That's awesome.
How long had it been? I didn't know I had been that long for them because I feel like they're always really good.
Oh shoot. I don't know that. Yeah.
Right. Yeah, a couple of years ago. Yeah, I think I remember that. Um
They
put the Astros Okay. Yeah. I was going to say that that kind of tainted the whole thing. That was, I can't believe that they really just got away with that slaps on the wrist for everybody basically.
Yeah, I saw. I think the red sox might have hired somebody. It was only a couple of years. I know the players for sure. Like they got off scot free. It was mostly like the executive they put it on when like, alright, realistically like that's got to be everybody right. It's just crazy to think that blatant cheating. He's like, okay, apparently just based on how they were punished,
Yeah. I guess just with baseball like and regardless of how teams are good, how good the team is. Like any given day anyone could lose to anybody. It's like just that little edge can make the difference. I guess.
You said, what am I studying? I'm studying computer science, which
is equal parts interesting uh and frustrating. So I'm definitely getting more of the frustrating part right now uh with the work I'm doing. But
definitely.
Yeah. Yeah, I think like on a day to day basis like uh it's not so much like about the mathematical part. I think that's like if you want to get into the theory behind it, then that's when you start to to to dig up all of that. Um But like in terms of things you'll do, like practically in a job, it's more just like being familiar with the different technologies and like a lot of it just being able to learn something new because it seems like every every year, just like a new popular tool or like people are coming out with something that you could use, it's better than whatever was there before. Um So a lot of it's just like being adaptable and like obviously you have the foundation that's common between different languages and and things like that. Put on. Yeah,
I think I'm planning on sticking with.
Um So java is like the main one that they teach in foundational classes, because I think that's one that's been around for a little while, and like, just for the fact that so many companies rely on it already, it'd be like a big hassle for them, even if something really good, like did come out that was, you know, better than it, it would be a lot for them to transition over. Uh So it's something that it's not going anywhere, and like, it's good for teaching the fundamentals and then python is another really big one. I think that one's probably even better for like people who are are starting out the clock prettier to look at uh compared to some of the other ones, so that's the one I'm using right now.
Yeah, and then like um if you're interested in developing websites, then javascript is like strictly for website development. Um So yeah, I mean there's really just a bunch out there uh and
it's like somewhere better than others for different use cases.
Oh God, yes. Yeah, I think I lucked out getting like, if you saw python now, compared to like working with those, it would be like, I walk in the park, like I can't imagine having to track to deal with all the the little issues that would pop up with those other languages.
Um Right now, honestly, I still feel like I'm not totally sure what direction I want to take it into just because like there are so many different ways that you could apply it. Um But I actually have like a position lined up after graduation which is nice and it's kind of based on like uh getting you to like apply your skills within different teams with the idea that like you might not be totally sure what it is you like. Um But working within a project for like sinks once at a time, like there's different rotations. Um you get to get a feel for like different sides of of what you can do with it and after that point hopefully you have a better idea of where you want to go. Um So
I'm gonna go with that because I think it's perfect for me, were like, I don't know, it's just hard to pin myself in any one direction right now, I think you'd be nice to, you're just like, the program is built for just like explore a little bit.
Um I might, it's kind of up in the air right now. Um So i it was an offer from a company I interned with this past summer and that was supposed to be like in person, obviously before everything happened, it was going to be in Richmond Virginia. Um But then yeah, everything happened and so they moved it to like a virtual thing, which is really nice because a lot of places they ended up canceling them completely because it seems kind of difficult to pivot to something so unprecedented like that so quickly too. Um So we did it virtually. So I was just back home in the suburbs, Chicago. Uh, but the return offer was for the location that would have been turned out, which is the same spot in, in Richmond Virginia, but they said there's potential to get it switched to the Chicago office. Um So the deadline came by and I figured like I didn't have anything else at the moment to like, you know, compare it with, especially right now, it's kind of like a a worse time than others to be looking for employment. So I figured I would take, you know, right
there in front of me, like what's concrete and you know, just continue to assess my options. But my recruiter told me that they could still potentially moving to Chicago even though I've accepted right now for the current location. But I feel like even if it was where it is right now in Virginia, like the program is only two years long, it's not like you have to complete the entire thing either. Um It won't be so bad to be out there. I don't know, my thoughts are really like evolved about it as I thought about it more. Um So I guess right now, I don't know, it's difficult to even think too far in the future with how hectic everything is. So.
Mm.
Oh no, they're all online, even
like
looking ahead to next semester. Um I know some schools are doing like hybrid things where like you might come in a couple of times a week and the other times you're at home um We're doing something like that but it won't be any of the classes that I'm taking. I think they said they're going to focus on like um the larger like general education courses. So then they're trying to bring some more people on campus to like right now it's pretty much a ghost town around here. Uh There's nobody in the dorms and like the dining halls are closed. Like it's really really strange. Yeah. Not exactly how I pictured senior year to go, but you know
it's
yeah it's so weird. Um Especially like doing the classes. Yeah so all our classes are over zoom. Um And that's just strange because it's like I almost miss just having somewhere like it's a different feeling like being able to go from class to class and like just like check all those boxes off. Compared to now it's like every day is like Groundhog Day, you just roll out of bed. Like I mean I'm literally in my room and I'll walk over two ft to my computer and and that's pretty much where I'm parked at the entire day. So.
Exactly yeah, now it definitely is tougher, especially because like, yeah, I just feel so disconnected. I guess it's easier to to not pay attention without them noticing when you're at home. Mhm. If you even, like a lot of classes don't even have you keep your camera on.
a couple of mine do, and like, I honestly appreciate those because like obviously have to, like, it's almost a little bit annoying just having to like be presentable, but at the same time, like knowing that I'm on camera means that I'm going to try, at least at least look like I, you know, and keeping up with what's going on and like it should be what I'm trying to do, right, Like I'm going to school. So.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean professors I think has been pretty good about trying to bridge that gap in whatever other ways they can like to hold their virtual office hours. Um and like they'll be really responsive to emails. I think the hardest part is actually just like between you and your classmates, like when you're in person, it's a lot easier. Just kind of lean over to somebody and be like, hey, do you want to work on this homework or like exchange numbers or whatever the case may be now, it's like, it just feels like you don't really know anybody. I mean, especially like in the classes where no one has the camera on, it's certainly just a bunch of like strangers.
I mean, I'm not saying it's like impossible I guess, but you certainly have to be more proactive.
It's going up. Yeah. So I mean, I know that there's nowhere particularly, it's doing particularly well across the country, but I know that Chicago's numbers that they're getting worse. Uh huh They started like putting no restrictions back on after they had lifted him a little while uh during the the fall like I know indoor dining was like all clear for a while and then just as of like this last friday they shut that back down. Uh Yeah, I think they're potentially looking at even like, so they also alongside the indoor dining thing put out like a citywide like stay at home advisory. So like before they had done the order and I guess that I mean the phrasing there matters apparently. Um to me advisory just means like they're not going to do anything to enforce it. And so I'm not so sure, I'm not so sure that people are going to
necessary.
yeah, so people have been saying that there might be an actual order coming depending on how things go um so I guess we'll just see,
I was going to say yeah, what's it like down there, I mean were
there ever really like restrictions on or has it always been?
boy,
I was gonna say yeah, at least he's like a man who's, he's secured in his principles to give him that.
cheese what?
I mean even appear with the orders, the orders that are in place, like it's kind of the point where like um people, I mean one where like people are just like tired of like the back and forth and to like this one I can more so understand is like for example with the restaurants, things like banning indoor dining, that's not really something that's feasible for a restaurant in like Chicago and in november, you know like it was okay, it was almost okay like for them in terms of like survival when they could put seats outside and like actually expect people to show up. Um But now, like, especially in my hometown, I'm from like a smaller suburban town around Chicago, but a lot of those places like they don't really have the room for like a whole sprawling outdoor setup, so for them it's like shut down again and like you may never open up, you know? Well
yeah, I just wish I like it. The decision didn't have to come down to that, you know, like if they could just get whatever support that they needed. I mean I get that, it's it's hard to say what the best approach is to everything, but
Yeah, I'm afraid of that too. It's weird because like I see the numbers like getting bigger and bigger but for the most part it's like you don't really I mean we are like used to it a little bit like until you have like your own scare like someone near you is like you know it comes down with it, it's almost like you know it's not even a thing um That's just so strange. Yeah like my family a couple weeks ago uh they thought that they had like come into concept when one of my brothers actually he came down with it um and then they were worried that he passed it on to like my family back at home. Um But they ended up being all right but I think that was just the perfect example of how like it isn't a thing until it is like until it affects you.
No, it actually hasn't been. I mean surprisingly I think that maybe it has been, but it's not like it snuck up on people, you know what I mean? Like if you're going out and like putting yourself at risk then like you know like
parties and stuff then. Yeah.
Yeah, that's where like you'd expect that, you know, it might be more likely to spread in other places, so no, I've been I've been steering clear of all that. Um And yeah, luckily everyone around me has been kind of on the same page and
we've
been able
to avoid it.
All
Yeah, I mean I know for sure like indoors need to have one um Again like I feel like there's really no teeth to a lot of the things that they put out, which again, like I'm not so sure if I what they're meant to do, you know if they don't see somebody wearing a mask, like it pretty much is like the honor system. But I think for the most part, I mean, again, like businesses are supposed to deny you service if you don't have what on. And
I mean that's really the only reason to go anywhere right now, so.
Everything.
Yeah. And I mean if I was like an employee at one of these places, like I used to work at a grocery store in high school, like I would, you know, like you make that the effort to at least mention like, hey, like can you please, you know, like just be respectful of other people. But at the end of the day, like if you had to make me kick somebody out, like I'm not so sure I'm capable of that. Like that's not in the job description you signed up for. Right?
No, not at all. So you see, you look down the aisle before you go and it's you see something that you don't like, then just
keep
on
wait your
seat
what
you
can.
We've actually had a little like a heat wave I guess, but compared to how it usually would be in november, it's been pretty nice. It's been about like uh like fifties ish this week, but last week we even had a couple of days to hit 70 I'm not sure what happened there, but It's been it's been pretty pleasant. Which like, I think is the least that 2020 could do for us is
little sunshine. No, no snow. Yeah, knock on wood, thank goodness. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. The thing about it too is like I was telling my friends usually it's like even if the weather is not so great in the city it's fun to be downtown just because they have all these events going on um like ice skating, things like that. But obviously this year it's all out the window so like once it starts getting bad like there is no redeeming quality about it it just is terrible.
It's very
beautiful
I think it definitely it lives up to the hype. It's just cool to like walk around and you have like these buildings you know as tall as the clouds just all around you. It's really exciting. You really feel like that you're in this giant city.
Yeah just just for fun Or were you there on business line?
Yeah. Yeah that's more like yeah downtown you'll be okay you know
it definitely is. Yeah I'm not even sure myself like where I'm at right now. Um I go to it's called Loyola Chicago. Um So it's about like it's about like I said half an hour Probably less than that 15 minutes by car removed from like downtown, but it's like more north. Um So it's you still feel like you're in the city but not like obviously not to the level of being like downtown, it's more of like its own neighborhood. And the campus itself is like uh it's kind of like its own like muscle little corner. Um When you feel like you're on a college campus, you know separate from everything around you. So
Um it's I mean like in terms of how much ground it covers. Not at all like it's pretty compact. Um there's a decent amount of students that go here though, like I think about like 10,000 or stuff. Um But yeah no I mean I like the set up of it over here especially like not having to go so far for all my classes even when they were in person. It was nice for those mornings where it was a little tough to get out of bed and you kind of have to rush over. Like I know some schools my brother went to like the university of Illinois which is like the big public university here and his class would be like Like 15, 20 minutes away sometimes just because it really you know is that sprawling of a campus? So
Loyola.
I don't know if you like
I don't know if you followed like the anti double A tournament like basketball but they were big a couple years ago. I'm not remember that
like
with
it's uh the neighborhood's called Rogers Park. Um
Up
in
well.
Oh there's like a couple look there's like a whole Loyola college system I think in like L. A. L. A. Has like Loyola marymount or something. Um loyal Chicago's one there's one in Louisiana. Um And then there's one in like somewhere on the east Coast. Not totally sure. Um But yeah they're all over but
definitely definitely. Yeah but I think we're the biggest in name just because yeah we went to the final four. We had if you remember we had like this none we have a nun that's like she's more or less like the mascot of the team. Her name is sister jean. She had her 15 minutes of fame. That was pretty fun. That was my freshman year. I picked a good time, I picked a good time to enroll.
It might be I've got at least five times. For sure. Yeah I just always re enroll whenever they put it up. Yeah.
Yourself?
Oh yeah I mean I think they've been doing it pretty steadily because I think I hit the cap a couple times before. But have
they always gone pretty well for you?
Bye.
Uh That's pretty cool.
I had I had a couple scheduled this weekend but like have you ever had it was like they didn't show up or whatever.
Yeah. Honestly I don't mind that so much because they'll give you like the extra bonus and then you can you can schedule again. But yeah sometimes
it's like all right I got this going on tonight like just make sure I have time to get over there and then all of a sudden I'm in the room and it's just like you know. Yeah
after
that.
Yeah exactly. I mean, are you working from home then or businesses college Same way. Okay.
Yeah, I know what you mean. Do you use um what browser do you use? Like
to
use crawler?
If
you
use
chrome
at any point, I use chrome for prolific just because there's like this extension you can get um that will like, it will tell you when a survey pops off. So like I don't have to check the page and see like if something is new, it'll just like, I'll just have it like opening the background and then when something is there, it'll like pop up on my screen and then that
power.
I think it's because there's like a minimum, yeah, there's like a minimum amount of time. It has to wait without like getting blocked from the page. So it's like a minute. I've definitely had it like that too. Or like it'll tell me there's one and then it's actually out of spots just because like the way that the, the timing sink puppet like missed it.
And
Yeah, that's the one I think the one you just mentioned about getting taken over. I think that's the one that I'm using right now. It's just called the prolific assistant I think.
super
helpful.
See that's the worst feeling. It's like just missed her.
It's
like I
yeah. I'm not sure what it is. It's just like I trusted you and this is what you do for me.
Yeah, it's definitely not perfect. But I feel like it's better than whatever method I was doing before.
Yeah, that's even worse. Like I just would rather not know that there was a survey than to see it and like just no, I missed it.
You're like, well, where is it then?
Exactly. Yeah. Those are the big ones.
Oh yeah, I've looked into that. But for some reason I don't know. I never like fully committed to it. It just looks more intimidating to me. I don't know why. What kind of stuff do you do that? I just serve it to.
Yeah. I mean honestly, I definitely have the time to do it right now. I mean not having to go to classes saving a lot of commuting. So
who's on there now?
Oh, huge. What happened? New England. I thought they were going to be something this year after the first few games and then the wheels fell off.
I think I realized though that like I didn't hate the patriots. I just hated brady because now they got cam Newton, I was like, okay, I could root for him. And then I see that I see the bucks on tv and I'm like, come on Like whoever's against them just rooting for them.
That was nice. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be, I'm excited to see who wins. It's just been a weird season in every sport.
Yeah, I thought that was crazy. That's like just bringing him out of it. Like he only wanted to play for brady.
Antonio brown. Yeah. Unreal. That's like, it's like it reminds me of like space jam, just like the all the bad guys coming together.
it just doesn't work. Yeah. They don't have the magic touch
that will be going on. You know we're looking
forward with. Yeah, I'm looking forward to Patrick Mahomes just putting the beat down on them. That would be awesome for me.
Oh Gosh from Denver, I'm not told her. Was he a backup for a starter?
I'm not even sure. Not Cutler. Right. Cutler wasn't and under,
was it jay? Cutler. Oh my goodness. Okay. Yeah, when you said whiner, I was like, that's it. I know a guy, I know a guy who sounds like that. He was
he was like the economy of like bears football just like great on his day and disappointing the rest of the time.
Yeah, he made a name. Just not a great one. I think people like him probably better than the past couple of guys we've had, but it's not like he would, it's just like he was relatively better. Okay.
I think we got it. Yeah. Good
to talk to you about.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm just getting started really?
Do you want one of those nights?
That's right. That's right. Yeah. It doesn't count when you're studying.
Of course.
Thank
you,
appreciate it. Yeah. Take care of yourself. Be safe out there and uh
that's the block before. All right.
Goodbye.
Uh huh. Take care.