Hey,
you hear me? Oh, hey, how's it going?
Sorry? No, I was outside. Uh huh.
Is it gonna run to have you done a lot of these video interview things?
Okay. Yeah. And many of these two we just talk about whatever we want.
You mean like for a regular job, you do it?
Okay, cool. Because of um Covid and stuff. Is that making any different?
Yeah, I work in the hospital. So obviously we still go. But
so we see
Covid every day.
Yeah. So far it hasn't been too bad. But um yeah,
they say it's gonna get worse the next like 4-8 weeks, so I'll see what happens.
Yeah. And flu season and all that. So yes.
Um Yeah, I work in the er so we were still full time.
Um yeah, it gets tiring. Like I work today, but we work eight hour shifts. It's not 12, so it's better. Yeah, so it's been really busy. We'll see, you know like over 200 patients in a day or something. Crazy.
Mhm. Yeah. A lot of people will do 12 hours. But man did that when I was a resident but I was like I don't wanna do that anymore. So
thankfully we don't have to soon.
Wonder how they can tell if, I guess they can hear people are talking or not.
They review it to
see like how long you were actually talking.
Probably. I mean they put like two random people in the video and then they wonder what they talk about and how operate is are like
how how long the silence last. I guess
you
have too
much
sounds they're probably like well that doesn't count,
you
know?
There are people who do this a lot and so they're used to just talking and rambling about random things on stuff.
It's kind of the same for me too. Are you also on Eastern Time are now?
I'm in north Carolina. I was curious if they like, okay
or you know, changed time zones or something.
Okay. Yeah, that's where I am. So in the triangle. That's nice. I
like
it here.
Yeah, like Eastern side. Yeah. I just moved down here when I did my residency. So I've been down here for like five years now.
I'm from Ohio and pennsylvania.
Yeah. I've always lived on the side slightly. He's cute because I don't have any like family. I have a few friends like in California and Washington, but that's about it in texas I guess.
Well when you work with people from the hospital, they tend to move around and stuff. So that's why because I have a couple of high school friends who moved out to California. So.
Yeah I've only been out there a couple of times though. It's too far
cross country.
wow.
Really? I thought it could be kind of cool if you're because people do like drives across country and just for scenery or I don't know why they do it but.
Weeks a long time. Why did she decide to do that
and?
No
no I don't even like long car rides so that sounds like a week of a trainer. I would not be hey thanks fine because I know there's trains from here they'll go up to like earlier well new york at least which I thought about but I've never taken them or anything. I've only written trains like when I lived around like the D. C. Area and stuff because I know they use them a lot there like short
trips.
Yeah I guess it's not like in other countries where the trains will go through like you know nice countryside and scenery you want to see here. Probably just like corn fields and I don't know what else you would see on the way. Not not much I guess.
As
I working um Yeah I like music a lot. Um I grew up playing violin and piano so um I'll do I'll play that every once in a while. Um You know like the outdoors and stuff which is good around here is lots of hiking trails like you know river and out west to Nashville. Um went on a couple recent trips out there the past like a month or so, went out twice. Just nice. Um What
else? Yeah. Uh Mostly just like hand with my friends. Well just like watch maybe you do something. I cook a lot too. So a bunch of random different things.
I would say what made you change or get out of it. He just wanted to change the scenery or something.
Oh yeah. That makes sense.
that's crazy.
over time. Yeah. So they just cut oh because they were all closed right? Because
all
the restaurants,
everything was closed.
And
thanks.
Yeah. You counsel that work out.
I never know. I mean you might like it better find something. Yeah. That you like better. So it's
not
an easy
job like you said, being on your feet all the time. Mhm.
Yeah. Well what are you gonna do? Right. Yeah.
It's like what they call the covid 50 instead of the freshman 15. They call it the covid 15.
Are people going out around there though? Because you said you're afraid to go out a lot like
neighborhoods? Because we have a lot of people who go outdoors just like walking, do things.
Yeah. People wear masks around here, which is good. So and then like we have a lot of outdoor trails and things so people can stay apart. So it's been it hasn't been bad, which I think that's why we have fewer cases, although they are going up now this month. But yeah, it's like you basically change your entire life style for a lot of people who can't do that. So
Feel like
under their chin or something.
People don't want to follow rules or
have other
people
tell him what to do, I guess.
Yeah. I always see it to like people in the waiting room and stuff. We have to tell them to like put their mask on, right? And I go, yeah. But I mean, I'm used to, I guess being around medical people all the time. We all wear our message. You know, it's not like it big deal because we are used to wearing them all day long for,
you
know, 89 hours sucks. But we have to do it. So because we don't want to get covid either.
but it is what it is weird times. What other stuff do you like to do?
Which is never fun, right? Because he wants to want to exercise or go, yeah,
Go
jim.
What kind of music do you listen to?
Yeah. Yeah. One of the, one of the residents likes to play it. Aren't you? Like kind of electronics and
synth wave?
I was into a lot mostly modern type stuff, like mostly pop, but I grew like playing this classical, mostly a little bit of like little bluegrass type stuff. Um Now listen to some country, not not really any rep or anything and maybe a little rock, really a mix of a lot of different things, somewhat music, that's not what I'm in the mood for,
well my brothers, so my brothers played a little bit of video games and stuff. I have three brothers and so they're the ones who introduced me to this, so that's so I do some of that, like I grew up playing video games with them and stuff like that and I just kind of shifting gear so
but
um we can talk about that if you want,
what
systems
are out. My my friends are trying to convince me to get an intended switch. Uh So because that's what they're playing.
Yeah I mean it looks like it's decent size, there's a big screen or decent size screen sort of like the old game boys and hook up the T. V. Two from what they said but they just they'll just carried around with them.
Do you have 1?
What
what games do you have for it?
Okay. Yeah I play animal crossing all the time. Got her when I get her. Uh Yeah they have actually have like two or three friends who have won and they're all three of them play animal crossing because I guess you can go to each other's islands and stuff. Then they also play One of the Mario Games I don't know which one and louis just matched in and forgetting the other game that they play all the time. I don't I don't think of it might be another one of those Mario type lines or something else.
there's a lot
Okay. Yeah we have a playstation that's I like that Police Station, a lot of fun games on it. So what
kind of pc games do you play?
Like the virtual ones?
I haven't
heard of that, no idea what that is.
heard
of that.
Yeah my brothers would play Minecraft and they never were into dungeons and dragons but my craft is by all the time I never learned how to play but
Yeah they also play a lot of like Star Wars and stuff like that, some of those were role playing I guess and some of them are like you know you have to go through the levels and stuff like that
but
I don't know it doesn't matter.
Uh huh. I can talk about it
because I have played I mean I used to love playing it with them it's just yeah I never have time like you said so have one game boy that I brought but I haven't even touched it yet. Just
got
Roy
Parents house.
Yeah I'm poking onto that would take time.
Um some of the old like Nintendo 64
and my cousin had a Sega so I remember playing like sonic the hedgehog and what were the other old Sega games like mortal kombat and somewhere else
I think
there's crush
manicures
on Playstation. Um Those were good Mario
type games Mario Kart and um whatever other versions they had um and there was some other game called Golden Sun or something that was again, have you heard of that?
That's old
So
it every month, so you'd have like a cartridge that plugged in and then every month you could purchase a different one or?
Uh huh
That
sounds familiar. Shining Force I've heard of that.
I was
on
there
What a sonic games, There's some other one with like, remember it was like a maze or bombs or something but I remember it was called
oh is that it Bomber man. Yeah, I think that's that
sounds
familiar
to that
good game
too. I think they should bring back some of these
I
didn't
know that.
Rosie called.
Yeah, I haven't heard of it either.
Yeah, I mean it's a good, it was a little bit before my time but I do remember it because my cousins were like two years older and so they had it and we would play with them. Yeah.
Yeah, both those are good too. Although the playstation upgrades are nice because the initial ones were so annoying, like back when you couldn't even save your you have to beat the entire level or get to a certain checkpoints, so I would say for you so frustrating.
So then I just keep restarting over and over again
just
because they make you
settle frustrated and annoyed.
basically.
the quality is not very good either,
graphics,
they're still fun then.
Have we a restart time limit?
That's
like
so we keep
giving another minute or so? I don't
know if it starts from the timer or or they said I don't know. I haven't really done many of these. I don't know what the rules are,
Ellen. We're both in it. Okay.
For 25 minutes. Yeah. All right, cool.
Well, yeah, it's fun talking to you.
You
have a good night.