Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Right. Oh mm. Mhm. Okay I love you too back. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Right. Okay. Uh huh. Thought so. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm mm. That's right yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hello
be there.
good. I was just about to drop off. Yes
that's fine.
Okay. Uh I've had two of them. How about you?
Yeah pretty much talk about anything at all. Um It's kind of I kind of spend my whole day doing that with random people so having a do it for this kind of weird. Yeah.
Yeah I've been doing a call center job for like three weeks now.
Oh um I'm going to be working from home soon so yeah at least in that regard. Mhm. Okay.
yeah, I can imagine
how
yeah, I can only imagine how that's been.
Yeah.
Mhm. Right. Because of uh the fall or winter or whatever?
Um Have you been working at the hospital the whole time, wow.
Okay. It's crazy. So uh I can only imagine that you must be like exhausted after doing that all the time.
wow. At least you've only got to work eight hours. I I know from what I understand, you know that 12 hour shifting is not uncommon.
No way.
Like I used to work in kitchens, so like I know that can be right. Um obviously different environment, but still a lot of hours very exhausting. Yeah. Yeah,
I only imagine that like this is recorded and then they look over them
afterwards.
Yeah. And like I don't know if you like I guess you have to talk and make conversation and but I wonder if like if they do research on like how awkward it is.
lot.
Yeah. That definitely has to be
something
in
there.
Yeah, I guess to an
extent,
But there can, you know, they can expect a certain amount of silence between people, especially if you don't know the person. But the last two I had they there wasn't really much silence at all. Um Because I guess I got paired with people who could ramble and then I can match that when they do that. Um Yeah.
pretty much like, like I'm pretty introverted so it doesn't come naturally, but I can match people's energy if that makes sense. What? Mm
Yeah, I'm in Virginia. Mhm
okay.
I lived in north Carolina for a long time. I lived in the Raleigh area.
I
learned.
Yeah. I mean if I could I would move back to north Carolina. It's always an option I'm looking at because I do miss it. And like all my friends are still down there, like my closest friends, like I lived in Clayton and I lived in Greenville, so I went to uh you see you? Yeah.
Okay. That's
Nice. I'm from technically California, but You know, I've been on the east coast for like 19 years now, so
Mhm. It's kind of all over, Yeah. Okay.
Okay, that makes sense.
Yeah, it's really far away. I had to, one time like right after I graduate high school, um my dad, my grandmother came to visit for my graduation and they came by playing that time, but we went back by train and that was just
yeah, it took a week. Yeah,
and that was a horrible experience. I do not recommend it. Yeah.
Yeah, it's just like a cramp in this train and the there's not really any stops like that are consistent and like, you know, the passenger train companies don't own the tracks like so if afraid he needs to come by, they gotta stop and rape for the free time to go by. Okay. And it just takes forever. And like I guess my my experience was like tainted by being stuck on trained for a week with my grandmother. Yeah.
I don't know. I think it was just cheaper or like I guess my dad also it's kind of scared of heights so he doesn't do well on
planes. But yeah, that was awful. You should not do it unless like you're prepared for that
experience
metropolitan,
Yeah, metropolitan area totally makes sense. Like Subway, like I wouldn't have issue in that or even, you know, taking like shorter trips like I would be open to but not going across country like going across texas is wild, just barren for so long. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean there were definitely like points, you could appreciate it, but I guess I was like a kid and at that point I wasn't really interested and taking the time to appreciate it. Yes. Uh huh. Right. So do you have any hobbies outside of the medicine
field?
Yeah.
It's not that random. Sounds pretty normal, like I do like to cook, you know, I used to do it for a living. Um So I so with cooking it's one of those things when you do for a living you get kind of tired of it,
well I got furloughed due to covid, um,
and the covid completely changed the industry and made it really jobs really unreliable right now. And so I was lucky or I was pretty much paid Like 40 hours a week, Stay home and do nothing for like six months. Um,
which was cool, but it was really weird and uh, you know, I used to, I was used to being on my feet all day, running around the kitchen and it's like, okay, I'm second home. There's this virus out, I'm afraid to leave, Um, being paid less because it's only 40 hours a week and I'm used to getting paid much more.
it
was
good.
I was in corporate dining, Uh, for capital one and since everybody capital and was working home, they're pretty much okay. We're just going to pay you guys stay at home until we figure out what we're doing. And then when they realized, people are probably coming back anytime soon, they cut us off. Cut
us off
though. Yeah, I mean, it's cool because it gave me a lot of time to like work towards, you know, what I really wanted to do is like, you know, I never originally wanted to get into cooking or kids like, you know, doing as a living. So I got I started working to tech support and to get in the tech support and now I have a tech support job. So kind of worked out.
Yeah. I mean, I've only been here three weeks. I'm hoping that it goes well. Mhm.
I'm
enjoying
it.
Yeah, it's definitely different, definitely gained a lot of weight because I stopped running around the kitchen all the time.
Beer.
Yeah, exactly. And so I definitely have to be much more mindful of what I eat just to balance it out. But like uh
people,
yeah, I see people going out all the time. Um you know, not necessarily wearing mask and living like everything is normal. Um
Why? It's like, you know, you see some people wearing masks but it's really inconsistent and a lot of times people who are wearing masks aren't wearing it correctly. There's wearing it under their nose, you know, are pulling it down
to speak,
speak every time. Like even when I'm come training at my job, like we were on side mount site and like half people like it just form of your mask had their nose hanging out the whole time.
And
I know
we really,
nobody really enforces it. Um But now you can really do this. Hope for the best I guess. Uh huh. Yeah. I'm sure you hear about that shit a lot.
Bring
it.
Yeah. I never near like in the middle of it. Mm.
Oh, um, I'm mostly a home body, you know, kind of why I gained so much weight because I relied on my working, like working in the kitchen as my exercise. And I don't have that now. If I want to do that, actually have to go and do exercise and not be paid for it. So
But yeah, you know, play
video
games beside a lot. I draw sometimes I, I don't play music, but I listened to a lot of it and definitely spend time looking for new stuff, different stuff. Um,
Yeah, I know a lot of stuff, but mostly it's electronic. Like right now I'm into like, uh, have you heard of synth wave?
Like
like 80 Style Synth Stuff. I Love That Stuff. Yeah. Oh, what kind of what kind of music do you listen to?
Yeah, this this is interesting to me because it seems like we are complete opposites and the last two people, we had a lot of, a lot of stuff in common. We were like both introverts and we could talk about, you know, video games and electronic music or metal or something. You and I hear we're just completely opposite ends of the spectrum. But I I just assumed like this last people or like introvert and like everybody must be, you know, home body introverts. He used prolific I guess. Not that.
Yeah, that makes
sense.
I
mean, I don't want to
talk about
this switch is really good, especially for people who don't play a lot of video games because it's, you know, he carried around and it's still like an actual modern system, you're not using a lot from carrying it around, if you know what I mean.
Mhm. Yeah, I have a coworker who he uh takes it with him and just plays on his break all the time, I don't really do that.
Yeah, I have a switch, I really played it a lot recently, except
I have
for the switch, I have uh wow, you're making me think about the games I have, it's a lot of them. Um I have a lot of digital stuff on it, I got like fire emblem, I've got like uh Mario odyssey, Mario kart, uh the latest Pokemon game that came out not too long ago. Animal Crossing,
yeah, there's like a million Mario games um it's like half of unintended Library, I swear. Um But yeah, I wanted to play Luigi's Mansion, that game look good but never got around to it. There's two too many games to keep up with and not
that time anymore. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah, I also have a, you know, a desktop pc that I play games are mostly nowadays. Uh Playstation
What?
Um I play
uh I don't have a virtual reality uh My career is not good enough for that. I'm going to upgrade my video card for that which is on my radar, but I do have the virtual virtual reality headset for the playstation though. Uh not quite a sight quality but for the for the computer I play um a lot of role playing games like they're like old style role playing games like uh right now I'm playing Divinity. Original Sin too, I'm sure you've never heard
of.
Yeah, it's on Playstation and xbox as well, but um yeah, it's it's a real playing games similar to I similar to dungeons and dragons. Yeah, it's
got this
whole part of rule set as
I've played a lot of Minecraft back in the day, it's definitely one of the more popular games out there for sure.
Yeah, there's some
older Star Wars games I've played that were like that, but I can tell this conversation about video games is very boring to you. Uh
Yeah, no it really doesn't, it's just something to say and point out to fill time.
There, I mean, you know
know,
I that
is
and I know that life of buying a game like yeah, I'm going to play this and then totally forgetting about it. Uh
Yeah, what like older games did you play back when you used to?
It's,
I
could
thank
you.
I
absolutely. That's
game. Yeah, like I know what it is, yeah, like it's a great game. I played it, I could talk all day about second genesis. That was, that was my jam when I was a kid we had in California, it was very limp, it was countrywide, very limited time window. But there's this thing called Sega Channel Where it's just a big old cartridge that connects to your cable service. Like it's a cable attached to the cartridge and you plug it into your genesis and it's like a monthly games that change every month and this was back in the 90s, this is the way it was time. Um My my dad had to subscribe to that, I played so many say good taking games that we just that we just download the Tarceva. It was so crazy and thinking about
that
like you play, you pay for it monthly and every month a game to change. Yeah
so that's how I played like games like Shining Force and victor
man
Shannon courses one of my favorite genesis games of all time. Um I played, yeah vector man. I played like Earth horn jim um Golden Sun I think was one of them.
I
think
I think that was genesis remind the super Nintendo all kinds of games. All the sonic games are like always available. Um
I'm a man.
that
was
that was
that was
of
They absolutely should bomber man. They've tried in the past and it failed spectacularly. I don't know if you've heard of, they did 13 D. I
can
work.
Yeah you shouldn't you can protect the waste of time. Yeah but yeah there was like eco dolphin and like uh there's just one game barry. Not many people have heard of it but it wasn't the genesis it was called evo search for Eden. Okay
evo search for Eden. Mhm. It was this game where like you evolved based on choices like your character changed and I had multiple branching paths and it was also the beginning was way ahead of time. It's really cool. It's like a game about evolution and uh it was a platformer and like you know you're fighting stuff and evolving getting stronger making choices on how you evolve and what kind of things you can do. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah like I said I could talk a lot about justice.
And one of the consoles I would actually have to go to, my friend's places to play. Like the original playstation or Super Nintendo, we didn't know that but Friends that. Yeah.
you have to write it down like a password for the level just to resume anywhere.
Uh I do not miss that but there's some there are games that people make that still do that just for that
shit.
I
suffer. Um Yeah I don't miss memory cards at all. Um But I guess we just buy bigger hard drive, that's the new memory card now. Um
Yeah Yeah PlayStation one games did not age well going back to those is for us Really bad like in 60.
Yeah Nintendo 64.
It looks worse. Yeah.
Oh yeah there's definitely a lot of masala just tied to it but past that together
I'm thinking we probably did. I'm trying to remember
when
you I think it was like uh huh might just
be
think
it starts when we're both in chat I think.
So I think we're good actually.
Yeah. Good
Yeah, that's
the one