SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. How how do you want? Wait? Yeah, I I got more books up here. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Thanks. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello? How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm all right, how are you here? I'm about to turn my volume up a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: Okay? It's mine large, loud enough for you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I can hear you fine.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, it's good to meet you. My name is Jim.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you as well. My name's Hunter.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's good. Why don't you have a good day?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's been a pretty pretty laid back day. I haven't really haven't done much usually um Saturdays are kind of for that you know it's kind of relaxing for us at least. So just kind of been you know watching watching movies and videos playing some video games with the kids cleaning.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: like a good way to spend saturday. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and not not too bad. So how
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's good.
SPEAKER_R: about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well, I I worked some on Saturdays. I'm a driver's ed instructor as well as a teacher. So I do driving in the mornings and it's kind of been home projects this afternoon with window coverage that nose up and in the middle of the job actually and the stuff. But it's good, it's good. Uh Not bad. Hello? You already for thanksgiving?
SPEAKER_R: sort of I mean it's actually um thanksgiving day is my birthday. Yeah this year every every so many years it falls on the same day. Um Which is kind of cool so I don't know what exactly we're gonna do this year some of my kids are making a lot of noise right now so I keep looking off to the bedroom door. Um But yeah just um thinking about trying to do something different than Turkey. What do you usually do for thanksgiving?
SPEAKER_L: Well, it varies somewhat. I grew up in a family that didn't like poultry except for me. I was the only one that did. So I really look forward to, you know, any days like that because they didn't need chicken, anything like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: did it even spend?
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm. Usually ham or something like that. And I can remember there's still the funny thing I tease my mom about when she fixed cornish game hens for me. For thanksgiving. That was supposed to be the thanksgiving turkey. They're not quite the same, but it was a nice effort anyway. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I love cornish game hens. Yeah, they're good actually. Uh I made some, not too long ago I dispatched copped him and roasted them in the oven. It was good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds pretty good. Well, I'm going to pick up your accent.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I can't really tell much of one. Probably filled it out from the south. Uh, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm actually living in the south. I'm in Georgia currently in in Atlanta um from Ohio originally
SPEAKER_L: What part of it? Higher columbus. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Are you a big Ohio state university fan or not?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I was sort of more so when I was, when I was younger, I mean my dad was really into Ohio state basketball. Um, and then just like my extended family and then my dad, you know, we would get together and watch the games, usually games being on Saturdays, you know, we go everybody to go to one person's house and watch the game. Um I don't really, I don't really follow sports super closely, I do watch um I like boxing and martial arts, mixed martial arts, uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh tennis and in some basketball, but but yeah, so I'm I'm transplant, I've been I've been in
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Georgia for Mhm. 15 years or no. uh what what's so funny since 2008, so Yeah, 12 years, sorry, we kind of, yeah, kind of mixed up.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not far up the road about five hours north, just north of Charlotte in North Carolina. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and my partners from carol north Carolina. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Who? Um, I'm guessing your work cookie that
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: way in their direction?
SPEAKER_R: well yeah, any work at all, I was actually in Cleveland prior to living in columbus, that's where I'm from, I went to college in Cleveland, I went to art school in Cleveland, and then uh my wife at the time and I, you know, during the recession we came down here because things were just, you know, is not great, not great in Cleveland, certainly. Um So but yeah, work primarily is what brought, what brought me down here getting into cooking, so what do you teach
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: british?
SPEAKER_L: teach history and I'm the tennis coach here at the high school, I've coached the words to basketball and football and stuff, but I really enjoy the tennis, it's a little more laid back in terms of just everything about it. So I kind of enjoy that. Well like that a lot, so I kind of have a connection to Ohio, my wife's grandfather originally came from Ohio from Ironton and yeah, I've moved down and I never got a chance to meet him, he died before I met my wife, but uh I grew up being a Cincinnati reds fan, I was
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: just reds fan, so I guess for the big red machine coming through about time I was a kid, so in high school so that was kind of big for me. But um yeah, it's a different world now. Has your has your work been affected by covid at all? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so I um well my current position, I was a chef many years um working in restaurants in and out just um and built my way up and did a lot of things but work at a hotel, yeah so I work at a big hotel, convention hotel, so basically what in january, not february but january of this year, I mean everybody just started canceling was just a cascade,
SPEAKER_L: 12.
SPEAKER_R: all the events just canceling um small events, large events, everything until and then they just they just shut everything down. So I was furloughed and on some kind of like support level where they kind of call, I would be on call was a purchasing manager at that point I had kind of gone up and took a different role um dealing with the, you know, hotel inventory, managing requisitions between the departments and um purchasing for the banquets, the big banquets and stuff. So yeah, all that went away, I was furloughed actually, that's sort of why I've been doing the uh I don't know if you do mturk or if you, you know about mechanical turk or you do prolific, prolific primarily or.
SPEAKER_L: I've done, I do prolific. My daughter is the one that told me about that when ours world changed in March didn't hit as early as yours, but when we went for spring break and that's a heavy time for driver's ed. We drive a lot during that week, especially with Tennessee's and going on there. And then all of a sudden when we came back, we didn't come back, we were virtual and uh
SPEAKER_R: that was it, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and it was a very different world because our state board announced that if you're in high school, if you were pleased with your first or your third anatomy is great that semester and you can keep it for the whole semester and you can imagine every student, yeah, they kind of cut our feet up madras is kind of like, thanks a lot. But I became the Maytag repairman. If you ever saw those commercials just sitting around by the computer waiting for somebody to ask for help. But it was a good time to uh, that spring is a good time to, you know, just do little things like work in the garage or do this or that and just have the computer sitting here because, and that's when my daughter said how you need to. She actually said she had said a couple months earlier, prolific and I hadn't done much, but yeah, I was, I actually enjoy that. There are some interesting surveys on there that which Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I I just started with prolific um I was doing stuff on mechanical turk primarily because I, you know,
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: I'm still getting benefits, I haven't been actually laid off, you know, I'm just furloughed, they sort of transferred my salary to an hourly, you know, they changed it so that they could keep my, you know, keep my status and also kind of um keeps me, although I'm like oddly enough, you know, it's kind of like a decent time to be sort of in the middle, you know, and be kind of middle management because you know, you don't make so much that they're just like, oh, you know, we got to get this guy out of here is making too much money and we've got to consolidate all this stuff, but I haven't, I had a month of work um in august, I worked for a month. But yeah, when
SPEAKER_L: Talk
SPEAKER_R: prolific and then a mechanical turk is sort of something that I um started working on and you know, I've more or less made a full time go of it when I don't get called in, you know, so
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: what, what, what exactly is mechanical turk?
SPEAKER_R: so it's like prolific. You notice how prolific you can't do multiple studies at the same time or you can't like q of multiple things. So mechanical turk is sort of like uh it's like uh it's amazon sort of crowdsourcing task force, so there's like several, I don't know, I think totally
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: like altogether there's anywhere from like 5 to 25,000 people on there at any one time. And then based on your demographics, you qualify for different active, different surveys and experiments. Or also there's just a lot of bulk like batch work where you do like data entry or annotation, um english annotation machine learning where you like, you know, your training A. I. And uh product testing, product review. Um And then there's some people that have, you do real crazy stuff like, you know, looking through annual quarterly reports um to like search for sustainability we quotient for, I don't know, a cigarette company or something, something crazy and random. Um yeah, and the more the more you
SPEAKER_L: At
SPEAKER_R: get into a lot of it is surveys like the stuff on prolific, but the more you get into it, the more various the things that you can do become.
SPEAKER_L: that's what it sounds like. It may be something my daughter has done. She actually has had quite a few work and she doesn't do as much, I don't think that she used to actually evaluate surgeons, they would perform surgery and she would evaluate technique and variances things. I thought okay that's different. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I've done some of those as well. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: now that you you were in art and so yeah, graphic or
SPEAKER_R: Oh man, I did um by the time I was like finishing school,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: I was kind of doing mixed media installations and okay, let's see for my thesis project. I did uh I did ceramic portrait busts with, you know, like these hand sculpted portrait busts that were sort of um um tied to a narrative that I wrote, I wrote this short novella and then I had like this um like an installation space that I had turned into this kind of uh, it was sort of the visual representation of a story that had been that I produced. and then I'll you know sort of all this um built in symbolism, characters related to different parts of the installation. It was crazy. There is a lot of work but I my major was visual arts painting but we had a pretty you know our our department was really open so I ended up going into you know food and cooking culinary um while I still do you know I uh I do draw and I you know I still make things but um I don't know it's just changed as I've gotten older you know so.
SPEAKER_L: at all that when you I guess when it struck with Covid and you begin to lose jobs and stuff um Now that would just, I've heard that the hospitality industry really got to kind of got hammered because nobody think about nobody wants to stay there or anything else. And then I guess it gets to a point where everybody wants to go somewhere because they started inside
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. He gets sick of being at home.
SPEAKER_L: it could be in the home I guess it's kicked up and gotten kind of hot in Georgia again to as far as the number of cases and stuff. You know we were we keep kept talking about going back and I just you can I don't know about you in the back of my mind. I keep thinking oh another month another two months things will kind of get back to normal and then it doesn't and so I know we were thinking surely by january when the next semester comes we'll all be back in school and stuff and No probably not. And frankly even the school in our system we have some schools that have gone live part of the week but we actually have more coming in voluntarily for help than they have coming because their students have the option because of where the government's treatment whether they want to come in or be virtual and your option for the virtual. So it's definitely a different world. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it is yeah it is all all of our kids are at home so I'm I'm with them you know most of the time and you know doing class during the day hold on somebody who is knocking on the door. Hello? Hello? I don't know I hear you knocking on the door please open the door. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe you should seem to them the palm, aren't you? Someone's knocking at the door bringing the bill.
SPEAKER_R: I can I can hear you knocking, you can stop knocking please open the door. Okay. All right so whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm a little our our youngest 21 so Or 20. Excuse me today. In fact. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: He's the one that fill in college. So she's she's actually down in Mississippi a kid with my wife. I said if we had another one, it's a good thing, we didn't have another child because she would have gone or he would have gone to college in Hawaii they get a little further away every time. Uh So anyway, were there in the art, so she's in the dance and stuff, so. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: That's very often Yeah minor minor. uh well now 10 10 and eight. Uh Yeah I have two kids from my previous marriage and then my partner um her daughter, so my son and her daughter basically just you know they're the same age so um you know lots of shenanigans.
SPEAKER_L: hurry better fun. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: I'd like to have been kind of stuck for months not being aware but uh you actually live in Atlanta or you on outskirts and
SPEAKER_R: no I'm and I'm in Atlanta, I'm in decatur area
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: of the Cobb county. Um Yeah so Dekalb County we stay and you know it's uh
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: we've I've been here in this area for a really long time, so it's just been kind of, you know we we actually the last move from our old, I don't really move very much stay put for um because I don't own a home, you know, I don't own a home yet. But yeah, we're still in the same area, kids didn't have to change schools or anything like that so um Yeah, but it's definitely been interesting all this time. I've never really had this much time off of work. I used used to working like a lot like a whole lot.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna stay with your previous job that sounds like one of the 60-plus hour a week job and
SPEAKER_R: during
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: the yeah yeah during the busy season it's uh It's something it's something else, I mean I get there you know between six and 6:30 and uh you know stay until five or 6 sometimes and then go straight from work, pick up the kids from after school program, you know what I mean? But then like you know when we're not as busy we'll go through um times where there's just you know easy days, easy money you know? But that hotel, this kind of a beast. I was a butcher at the hotel before I was the purchasing manager and then the butcher holds kind of like a between like in terms of like the culinary departments, it sort of helps everybody anybody that needs protein dealt with. You know the butcher kind of works with all the different sushi chefs and from the restaurants. So I did that and then you know I had experience ordering as a chef so I took the purchasing manager position but you know it's literally now just the executive chef and like um rotating a couple of his sushi chefs and me occasionally, you know um over the week, so, but you know they're they're still keeping our benefits in place, which is really great and uh they help us every week, they file are partial because if the if an organization files, they can do partial unemployment, you know what I mean? So if you work then you don't, you know, then they account for it and you don't receive the benefits, so everything's kinda kind of balances out, but you know, it's not really, it's not really a replacement for income, you know, so it's kind of like I have to stay home with the kids, so I do
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: I do turk mechanical turk which is just sort of, you know uh you know,
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of grueling sometimes it can be kind of rough because it's just, you know, you're in front of a computer and you're competing
SPEAKER_L: tell
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: us.
SPEAKER_R: Thousands of other people for the same tax and some of them pay like a penny for three pennies, may take 5-10 seconds to do
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: it, but it's still only five tents, you know, I'm not used to that kind of a scale, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah yeah let's let's make it tough right there. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: but you know, it is what it is, it's uh
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: it's uh it's like it's life right now, you know, I'm thankful I haven't like actually lost my job, you know, I actually went back to work twice um since all this started and then left back and um but it's, you know, it's okay, we're doing okay. My my uh my partner, she still works full time, She never stopped, she's in health care, so.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Oh my goodness. Yeah so if she had to deal much with the covid directly or
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah and she's in like specimen processing and um so yeah, you know um a lot of tests locked up, you know a lot of that. But then you know the other thing too is because she's it's not necessarily dealing with patients dealing with the specimens, the samples and things in the lab. Um You know that's sort of but it's it's also stressful you know I worry about uh you know I worry about her and um but oftentimes you know hospitals they're sort of on that side of it, they end up being more safe because of all the precautions that they take and all all the things that are just kind of second nature in that environment that you know the public isn't necessarily used to you know in terms of how to how to keep an infection under control. So. Music.
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot that goes into that I know that we uh have to use disinfectants and stuff in the days after when the kids leave we have to do that with the desk and everything and also drop a bus for the system before school. So expiry that down. Everything else. Close call I guess I've had as we normal students did come down with Covid. It was on the bus unfortunately he was we social distance in a part and what everybody's riding. So they no one had to go there. Well the health department had a letter they were sending out every ground. There's anyone diagnosed at school. They sent a letter out but the first time they sent it, they didn't word it very well. And
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: it literally said there has been a there's been a confirmed case of Covid in your school And you have to be quarantined for 14 days. I'm thinking what? And so I thought that seems odd you think because they also said that contact with everybody and I thought
SPEAKER_R: Hm.
SPEAKER_L: one of contacted me, so they quickly came on the intercom because everybody got that email uh said uh they missed stated that we've already got everybody out that came into contact with them, but he never knows. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: So if you had your druthers, when things go back to normal, you, your like
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: your career you're in and you like to stay there and try to advance in it.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I do I um you know it's nice because it's sort of you know sort of like work like kitchen work and all of the all of the work I've done over the years kind of took a number on my body also. You know, it's not like there's there's actually, you know, the job is punctuated by very intense physical activity. You know, we get these orders in For a
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: hotel that size, we might get 10 pallets stacked eight ft high, have to put it all away, you know in a couple hours this man, two or 3 other people ideally. Um So that can be kind of rough, but then like the uh it's nice because I can work with, I can still work in the kitchen because it's the food store room primarily that I'm responsible for the purchases. Um So I can be in the kitchen, I can help with uh you know, they can consult with me on menu development because I've been a chef before.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Um And you know, I can also see things from the financial and and um managing an inventory is something that I was usually pretty good with ordering. Um I like I like the
SPEAKER_L: Talk.
SPEAKER_R: that specific kind of vein of hospitality work, you know, because if I wasn't doing that, probably still be doing something related to culinary. Um But I think that you know I have, the hotel's got really good, you know it's got a pretty good sort of chain for advancement or if I want to stay put, you know if I'm satisfied and you know I think that that's kind of nice, it allows for a little bit of freedom even though it can get, you know like I said it gets really intense, you work a lot sometimes so.
SPEAKER_L: Well our visit in the hotel, what would you steer me to and what would you steer me away from?
SPEAKER_R: Oh what's that? Any hotel?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Your hotel. If I were going to your hotel and I was going to sit down for a meal, what would you steer me to, What would you steer me away from?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know I mean every we we have a really really good food and beverage program so I don't really know that there'd be a lot that I would tell people to stay away from certainly except for like you know when we do, oh you know when we do a banquet and a client just doesn't have enough money, you know what I mean? But they want they want a and then we get the money. We have to we have to buy a lot of process stuff. We have to buy a lot of pre made stuff but all of our restaurants are outlets are really really on point. Um We have like all of the whole gamut, you know we have a fine dining sort of upscale casual to fine dining new american restaurant on the roof. And then we've got three square a day restaurant, a bar and grill. And then there's banquets, room service and the market, the quick serve market. And I have to purchase for kind of all of them ideally when hotels open and manage all of the different things that they need. And then the sushi chefs, you know, they do some of their own ordering when it comes to produce protein. Um, but yeah, you know, banquet sometimes sometimes banquet food can just be, you know, it's like uh it's always sort of, it just, it always depends on how much money, you know the guest is spending and how much they're willing to pay for the banquet. You know, and we, and we do crazy stuff, you know, we do like, Like a trail mix bar. You know, I've had, I've done a trail mix bar for 1500 people.
SPEAKER_L: Vermont.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. When you got it, when you got to buy enough cashews, salted roasted cashews,
SPEAKER_L: Well. Oh my
SPEAKER_R: 12 items. Cashews, walnuts, pecans and they've got to be whole hangouts, You know and you're just spending, you know, $2,000 on 3, 3 types of nuts, you know, or more. Yeah, you better, you know, it's gross and when you see a lot of stuff come back which which really hurts, you know, especially if you've ever been in a place where you're looking for food, like your not able to afford to throw, you know £5 of perfectly good pecan halves in the trash because you don't know who's picked through them because they're coming from a would have, You know 1500 people, you know or like You know we we've done plated banquets for as many as 2300 people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You feel always include here in the US. When
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I,
SPEAKER_R: mean.
SPEAKER_L: when I finished graduate school, I spent a semester work and then uh it wasn't a hotel, but it was about this close to it as you're going to get at the University of north Carolina's campus, It was 2000, but they had the bank uh and there's so much wasted food and I knew that I could step on the back doc of where they brought the food in, take a baseball
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: and throw it through the window of a halfway house. Where if we had been legally just able to take the food that came in back off the line and take it over there, we could have kept them fed for cost to us because you just had to throw it away. It's a shame. I think finally they did manage to change things enough that we were able to save some of the stuff and senator because I went to and I said is there not a way we can because you know it's just a tremendous amount of food, it just goes and it's the only thing that was there is it went on the line twice that according to that it's got to go in the trash at that time. Uh And I thought man come on they were good about letting the workers there though, you kind of take it with them and I overlook it, you know but but it's still it's just a shame that we can't redirect some of that extra food we're against.
SPEAKER_R: Week yeah. We gave away several pallets of stuff when everybody started canceling. We gave way. Yeah. We gave away a lot of stuff to the staff of the hotel. But then we donated after the staff we gave away everything we could to them. We made gift bags and things like that because a lot of those people just got just laid off. A lot of people weren't that weren't as lucky as me, they didn't retain their position or they were hourly and then just you know, it's just there's nothing to be done. But we gave away to the to a local close by a food pantry that's close by because we had a lot of stuff that we've had so many cancellations leading up that you know, we had all these individual milks and all these individual orange juices and fruit, All this stuff that we gave away, um which was good that we could do that, You know, and we sold some stuff to some of the people that we buy things from, you know, just to kind of keep them going. It's like, hey, we've got all this oreo cookie crumble, It's about to go bad and we call one of our companies that we buy cakes from and say you want to take this, you can use it in your recipes. And I'm like, oh yeah, and then kind of figuring out how to manage waste is sort of what it's become, which is just rough when you're used to stand something so busy and just turning through so much stuff and just generating all this, uh, you know, well, I mean it's work for people with revenue, for the company, whatever. I typically tend to focus on the, the people more than the greater needs of the company because without that about the folks doing the work, you know? Um Yeah, just, it's just crazy when, you know, when I go back, when I do get called back in, I go back and it's just a ghost town, you know, it's just nothing, it's kind of rough, but you know, hopefully
SPEAKER_L: It was.
SPEAKER_R: it'll get better. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well I'll keep in prayer and keep you company in prayer and your family and our nation because we need to get held up and get back to going. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: we did,
SPEAKER_L: move on. But I enjoyed talking to you. It looks like we've got men and I may have to check out that mechanical turk. You're talking about.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's it's especially if you have um you know, there's a lot of stuff where you know, if you are
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: good with uh english, languish, I'm sorry languish language language annotation and um you know, there's a lot of good hits, you know, you can, you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: can do transcription if you type, well you can do um I mean there's just, it's all kinds of crazy stuff. It's like prolific, but just way
SPEAKER_L: More war. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean you can you can have 25 tasks in your queue on mturk, whereas on prolific, you can only do one thing at a time. Uh let that kind of at least at least to start out with prolific pays a little bit better, But once you get enough hits under your belt, I'm almost up to 10,000. That's just starting from the spring. But I'm also kind of very motivated, you know, I'm not, you know, initially I was really freaked out and just trying to, you know, turn it into something of of a benefit which I have as quick as I could. Um but yeah, mechanical turk is, is definitely cool. You know, you go and you apply through the website and if they, if they accept your, you know, your response, then they send you an email. It's all very it it's very strange. Um The story about how they came up with the name is really great too. Um So you know.
SPEAKER_L: That protect an outie
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it's it's it's interesting being being uh you said you're a history teacher. It's it's an interesting little fact I'll kind of like leave you, leave you that you know it's it's a fun um uh interesting way to think because it's you know it's a sort of both the distant past in the The distant future kind of in one. Uh
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's it's very strange.
SPEAKER_L: well I hope you take care and have fun with the rest. Is this the first time you've done the chatter conversation? Have you done this before?
SPEAKER_R: It is. No it's the very first time.
SPEAKER_L: Well you'll enjoy the questions I ask afterwards to then. It's interesting. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Very all right you too sir.
SPEAKER_L: Good luck. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yes your Youtube
SPEAKER_L: Okay bye bye mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All right.