Hello.
I'm all right, how are you here? I'm about to turn my volume up a little bit.
Yeah I can hear you fine.
Nice to meet you as well. My name's Hunter.
Yeah it's been a pretty pretty laid back day. I haven't really haven't done much usually um Saturdays are kind of for that you know it's kind of relaxing for us at least. So just kind of been you know watching watching movies and videos playing some video games with the kids cleaning.
Thank you.
and not not too bad. So how
about yourself?
sort of I mean it's actually um thanksgiving day is my birthday. Yeah this year every every so many years it falls on the same day. Um Which is kind of cool so I don't know what exactly we're gonna do this year some of my kids are making a lot of noise right now so I keep looking off to the bedroom door. Um But yeah just um thinking about trying to do something different than Turkey. What do you usually do for thanksgiving?
did it even spend?
I love cornish game hens. Yeah, they're good actually. Uh I made some, not too long ago I dispatched copped him and roasted them in the oven. It was good. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. I'm actually living in the south. I'm in Georgia currently in in Atlanta um from Ohio originally
Yeah,
I mean I was sort of more so when I was, when I was younger, I mean my dad was really into Ohio state basketball. Um, and then just like my extended family and then my dad, you know, we would get together and watch the games, usually games being on Saturdays, you know, we go everybody to go to one person's house and watch the game. Um I don't really, I don't really follow sports super closely, I do watch um I like boxing and martial arts, mixed martial arts, uh
uh tennis and in some basketball, but but yeah, so I'm I'm transplant, I've been I've been in
Georgia for Mhm. 15 years or no. uh what what's so funny since 2008, so Yeah, 12 years, sorry, we kind of, yeah, kind of mixed up.
and my partners from carol north Carolina. Mhm.
What?
well yeah, any work at all, I was actually in Cleveland prior to living in columbus, that's where I'm from, I went to college in Cleveland, I went to art school in Cleveland, and then uh my wife at the time and I, you know, during the recession we came down here because things were just, you know, is not great, not great in Cleveland, certainly. Um So but yeah, work primarily is what brought, what brought me down here getting into cooking, so what do you teach
british?
No.
so I um well my current position, I was a chef many years um working in restaurants in and out just um and built my way up and did a lot of things but work at a hotel, yeah so I work at a big hotel, convention hotel, so basically what in january, not february but january of this year, I mean everybody just started canceling was just a cascade,
all the events just canceling um small events, large events, everything until and then they just they just shut everything down. So I was furloughed and on some kind of like support level where they kind of call, I would be on call was a purchasing manager at that point I had kind of gone up and took a different role um dealing with the, you know, hotel inventory, managing requisitions between the departments and um purchasing for the banquets, the big banquets and stuff. So yeah, all that went away, I was furloughed actually, that's sort of why I've been doing the uh I don't know if you do mturk or if you, you know about mechanical turk or you do prolific, prolific primarily or.
that was it, yeah.
I I just started with prolific um I was doing stuff on mechanical turk primarily because I, you know,
I'm still getting benefits, I haven't been actually laid off, you know, I'm just furloughed, they sort of transferred my salary to an hourly, you know, they changed it so that they could keep my, you know, keep my status and also kind of um keeps me, although I'm like oddly enough, you know, it's kind of like a decent time to be sort of in the middle, you know, and be kind of middle management because you know, you don't make so much that they're just like, oh, you know, we got to get this guy out of here is making too much money and we've got to consolidate all this stuff, but I haven't, I had a month of work um in august, I worked for a month. But yeah, when
prolific and then a mechanical turk is sort of something that I um started working on and you know, I've more or less made a full time go of it when I don't get called in, you know, so
All
so it's like prolific. You notice how prolific you can't do multiple studies at the same time or you can't like q of multiple things. So mechanical turk is sort of like uh it's like uh it's amazon sort of crowdsourcing task force, so there's like several, I don't know, I think totally
like altogether there's anywhere from like 5 to 25,000 people on there at any one time. And then based on your demographics, you qualify for different active, different surveys and experiments. Or also there's just a lot of bulk like batch work where you do like data entry or annotation, um english annotation machine learning where you like, you know, your training A. I. And uh product testing, product review. Um And then there's some people that have, you do real crazy stuff like, you know, looking through annual quarterly reports um to like search for sustainability we quotient for, I don't know, a cigarette company or something, something crazy and random. Um yeah, and the more the more you
get into a lot of it is surveys like the stuff on prolific, but the more you get into it, the more various the things that you can do become.
I've done some of those as well. Yeah,
Oh man, I did um by the time I was like finishing school,
I was kind of doing mixed media installations and okay, let's see for my thesis project. I did uh I did ceramic portrait busts with, you know, like these hand sculpted portrait busts that were sort of um um tied to a narrative that I wrote, I wrote this short novella and then I had like this um like an installation space that I had turned into this kind of uh, it was sort of the visual representation of a story that had been that I produced. and then I'll you know sort of all this um built in symbolism, characters related to different parts of the installation. It was crazy. There is a lot of work but I my major was visual arts painting but we had a pretty you know our our department was really open so I ended up going into you know food and cooking culinary um while I still do you know I uh I do draw and I you know I still make things but um I don't know it's just changed as I've gotten older you know so.
Yeah. Yeah. He gets sick of being at home.
it is yeah it is all all of our kids are at home so I'm I'm with them you know most of the time and you know doing class during the day hold on somebody who is knocking on the door. Hello? Hello? I don't know I hear you knocking on the door please open the door. Okay.
I can I can hear you knocking, you can stop knocking please open the door. Okay. All right so whatever.
Mhm.
That's very often Yeah minor minor. uh well now 10 10 and eight. Uh Yeah I have two kids from my previous marriage and then my partner um her daughter, so my son and her daughter basically just you know they're the same age so um you know lots of shenanigans.
I know it's
something
no I'm and I'm in Atlanta, I'm in decatur area
of the Cobb county. Um Yeah so Dekalb County we stay and you know it's uh
we've I've been here in this area for a really long time, so it's just been kind of, you know we we actually the last move from our old, I don't really move very much stay put for um because I don't own a home, you know, I don't own a home yet. But yeah, we're still in the same area, kids didn't have to change schools or anything like that so um Yeah, but it's definitely been interesting all this time. I've never really had this much time off of work. I used used to working like a lot like a whole lot.
during
the yeah yeah during the busy season it's uh It's something it's something else, I mean I get there you know between six and 6:30 and uh you know stay until five or 6 sometimes and then go straight from work, pick up the kids from after school program, you know what I mean? But then like you know when we're not as busy we'll go through um times where there's just you know easy days, easy money you know? But that hotel, this kind of a beast. I was a butcher at the hotel before I was the purchasing manager and then the butcher holds kind of like a between like in terms of like the culinary departments, it sort of helps everybody anybody that needs protein dealt with. You know the butcher kind of works with all the different sushi chefs and from the restaurants. So I did that and then you know I had experience ordering as a chef so I took the purchasing manager position but you know it's literally now just the executive chef and like um rotating a couple of his sushi chefs and me occasionally, you know um over the week, so, but you know they're they're still keeping our benefits in place, which is really great and uh they help us every week, they file are partial because if the if an organization files, they can do partial unemployment, you know what I mean? So if you work then you don't, you know, then they account for it and you don't receive the benefits, so everything's kinda kind of balances out, but you know, it's not really, it's not really a replacement for income, you know, so it's kind of like I have to stay home with the kids, so I do
I do turk mechanical turk which is just sort of, you know uh you know,
it's kind of grueling sometimes it can be kind of rough because it's just, you know, you're in front of a computer and you're competing
with
Thousands of other people for the same tax and some of them pay like a penny for three pennies, may take 5-10 seconds to do
it, but it's still only five tents, you know, I'm not used to that kind of a scale, you know?
but you know, it is what it is, it's uh
it's uh it's like it's life right now, you know, I'm thankful I haven't like actually lost my job, you know, I actually went back to work twice um since all this started and then left back and um but it's, you know, it's okay, we're doing okay. My my uh my partner, she still works full time, She never stopped, she's in health care, so.
Well yeah and she's in like specimen processing and um so yeah, you know um a lot of tests locked up, you know a lot of that. But then you know the other thing too is because she's it's not necessarily dealing with patients dealing with the specimens, the samples and things in the lab. Um You know that's sort of but it's it's also stressful you know I worry about uh you know I worry about her and um but oftentimes you know hospitals they're sort of on that side of it, they end up being more safe because of all the precautions that they take and all all the things that are just kind of second nature in that environment that you know the public isn't necessarily used to you know in terms of how to how to keep an infection under control. So. Music.
Well.
Hm.
That's crazy.
No
I mean I do I um you know it's nice because it's sort of you know sort of like work like kitchen work and all of the all of the work I've done over the years kind of took a number on my body also. You know, it's not like there's there's actually, you know, the job is punctuated by very intense physical activity. You know, we get these orders in For a
hotel that size, we might get 10 pallets stacked eight ft high, have to put it all away, you know in a couple hours this man, two or 3 other people ideally. Um So that can be kind of rough, but then like the uh it's nice because I can work with, I can still work in the kitchen because it's the food store room primarily that I'm responsible for the purchases. Um So I can be in the kitchen, I can help with uh you know, they can consult with me on menu development because I've been a chef before.
Um And you know, I can also see things from the financial and and um managing an inventory is something that I was usually pretty good with ordering. Um I like I like the
that specific kind of vein of hospitality work, you know, because if I wasn't doing that, probably still be doing something related to culinary. Um But I think that you know I have, the hotel's got really good, you know it's got a pretty good sort of chain for advancement or if I want to stay put, you know if I'm satisfied and you know I think that that's kind of nice, it allows for a little bit of freedom even though it can get, you know like I said it gets really intense, you work a lot sometimes so.
Oh what's that? Any hotel?
I don't know I mean every we we have a really really good food and beverage program so I don't really know that there'd be a lot that I would tell people to stay away from certainly except for like you know when we do, oh you know when we do a banquet and a client just doesn't have enough money, you know what I mean? But they want they want a and then we get the money. We have to we have to buy a lot of process stuff. We have to buy a lot of pre made stuff but all of our restaurants are outlets are really really on point. Um We have like all of the whole gamut, you know we have a fine dining sort of upscale casual to fine dining new american restaurant on the roof. And then we've got three square a day restaurant, a bar and grill. And then there's banquets, room service and the market, the quick serve market. And I have to purchase for kind of all of them ideally when hotels open and manage all of the different things that they need. And then the sushi chefs, you know, they do some of their own ordering when it comes to produce protein. Um, but yeah, you know, banquet sometimes sometimes banquet food can just be, you know, it's like uh it's always sort of, it just, it always depends on how much money, you know the guest is spending and how much they're willing to pay for the banquet. You know, and we, and we do crazy stuff, you know, we do like, Like a trail mix bar. You know, I've had, I've done a trail mix bar for 1500 people.
Yeah. When you got it, when you got to buy enough cashews, salted roasted cashews,
12 items. Cashews, walnuts, pecans and they've got to be whole hangouts, You know and you're just spending, you know, $2,000 on 3, 3 types of nuts, you know, or more. Yeah, you better, you know, it's gross and when you see a lot of stuff come back which which really hurts, you know, especially if you've ever been in a place where you're looking for food, like your not able to afford to throw, you know £5 of perfectly good pecan halves in the trash because you don't know who's picked through them because they're coming from a would have, You know 1500 people, you know or like You know we we've done plated banquets for as many as 2300 people. Yeah.
I
mean.
Thank
Week yeah. We gave away several pallets of stuff when everybody started canceling. We gave way. Yeah. We gave away a lot of stuff to the staff of the hotel. But then we donated after the staff we gave away everything we could to them. We made gift bags and things like that because a lot of those people just got just laid off. A lot of people weren't that weren't as lucky as me, they didn't retain their position or they were hourly and then just you know, it's just there's nothing to be done. But we gave away to the to a local close by a food pantry that's close by because we had a lot of stuff that we've had so many cancellations leading up that you know, we had all these individual milks and all these individual orange juices and fruit, All this stuff that we gave away, um which was good that we could do that, You know, and we sold some stuff to some of the people that we buy things from, you know, just to kind of keep them going. It's like, hey, we've got all this oreo cookie crumble, It's about to go bad and we call one of our companies that we buy cakes from and say you want to take this, you can use it in your recipes. And I'm like, oh yeah, and then kind of figuring out how to manage waste is sort of what it's become, which is just rough when you're used to stand something so busy and just turning through so much stuff and just generating all this, uh, you know, well, I mean it's work for people with revenue, for the company, whatever. I typically tend to focus on the, the people more than the greater needs of the company because without that about the folks doing the work, you know? Um Yeah, just, it's just crazy when, you know, when I go back, when I do get called back in, I go back and it's just a ghost town, you know, it's just nothing, it's kind of rough, but you know, hopefully
it'll get better. Yeah,
we did,
Yeah, I mean it's it's especially if you have um you know, there's a lot of stuff where you know, if you are
good with uh english, languish, I'm sorry languish language language annotation and um you know, there's a lot of good hits, you know, you can, you
can do transcription if you type, well you can do um I mean there's just, it's all kinds of crazy stuff. It's like prolific, but just way
I mean you can you can have 25 tasks in your queue on mturk, whereas on prolific, you can only do one thing at a time. Uh let that kind of at least at least to start out with prolific pays a little bit better, But once you get enough hits under your belt, I'm almost up to 10,000. That's just starting from the spring. But I'm also kind of very motivated, you know, I'm not, you know, initially I was really freaked out and just trying to, you know, turn it into something of of a benefit which I have as quick as I could. Um but yeah, mechanical turk is, is definitely cool. You know, you go and you apply through the website and if they, if they accept your, you know, your response, then they send you an email. It's all very it it's very strange. Um The story about how they came up with the name is really great too. Um So you know.
Yeah. Yeah it's it's it's interesting being being uh you said you're a history teacher. It's it's an interesting little fact I'll kind of like leave you, leave you that you know it's it's a fun um uh interesting way to think because it's you know it's a sort of both the distant past in the The distant future kind of in one. Uh
Yeah it's it's very strange.
It is. No it's the very first time.
Very all right you too sir.
Yes your Youtube
Yeah. All right.