Yeah. Yeah. How how do you want? Wait? Yeah, I I got more books up here. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Thanks. Mhm. Yeah.
Hello? How are you?
Okay? It's mine large, loud enough for you.
Okay. Well, it's good to meet you. My name is Jim.
Okay. That's good. Why don't you have a good day?
That sounds
like a good way to spend saturday. Yeah.
Yeah, that's good.
Uh Well, I I worked some on Saturdays. I'm a driver's ed instructor as well as a teacher. So I do driving in the mornings and it's kind of been home projects this afternoon with window coverage that nose up and in the middle of the job actually and the stuff. But it's good, it's good. Uh Not bad. Hello? You already for thanksgiving?
Well, it varies somewhat. I grew up in a family that didn't like poultry except for me. I was the only one that did. So I really look forward to, you know, any days like that because they didn't need chicken, anything like that. Yeah.
Mm hmm. Usually ham or something like that. And I can remember there's still the funny thing I tease my mom about when she fixed cornish game hens for me. For thanksgiving. That was supposed to be the thanksgiving turkey. They're not quite the same, but it was a nice effort anyway. Okay.
That sounds pretty good. Well, I'm going to pick up your accent.
I can't really tell much of one. Probably filled it out from the south. Uh, but
What part of it? Higher columbus. Okay.
Are you a big Ohio state university fan or not?
Yeah.
What?
I'm not far up the road about five hours north, just north of Charlotte in North Carolina. Yeah.
Who? Um, I'm guessing your work cookie that
way in their direction?
I
teach history and I'm the tennis coach here at the high school, I've coached the words to basketball and football and stuff, but I really enjoy the tennis, it's a little more laid back in terms of just everything about it. So I kind of enjoy that. Well like that a lot, so I kind of have a connection to Ohio, my wife's grandfather originally came from Ohio from Ironton and yeah, I've moved down and I never got a chance to meet him, he died before I met my wife, but uh I grew up being a Cincinnati reds fan, I was
just reds fan, so I guess for the big red machine coming through about time I was a kid, so in high school so that was kind of big for me. But um yeah, it's a different world now. Has your has your work been affected by covid at all? Yeah.
12.
I've done, I do prolific. My daughter is the one that told me about that when ours world changed in March didn't hit as early as yours, but when we went for spring break and that's a heavy time for driver's ed. We drive a lot during that week, especially with Tennessee's and going on there. And then all of a sudden when we came back, we didn't come back, we were virtual and uh
yeah, and it was a very different world because our state board announced that if you're in high school, if you were pleased with your first or your third anatomy is great that semester and you can keep it for the whole semester and you can imagine every student, yeah, they kind of cut our feet up madras is kind of like, thanks a lot. But I became the Maytag repairman. If you ever saw those commercials just sitting around by the computer waiting for somebody to ask for help. But it was a good time to uh, that spring is a good time to, you know, just do little things like work in the garage or do this or that and just have the computer sitting here because, and that's when my daughter said how you need to. She actually said she had said a couple months earlier, prolific and I hadn't done much, but yeah, I was, I actually enjoy that. There are some interesting surveys on there that which Uh huh.
no.
Talk
what,
what, what, what exactly is mechanical turk?
No.
At
that's what it sounds like. It may be something my daughter has done. She actually has had quite a few work and she doesn't do as much, I don't think that she used to actually evaluate surgeons, they would perform surgery and she would evaluate technique and variances things. I thought okay that's different. Mhm.
now that you you were in art and so yeah, graphic or
what?
at all that when you I guess when it struck with Covid and you begin to lose jobs and stuff um Now that would just, I've heard that the hospitality industry really got to kind of got hammered because nobody think about nobody wants to stay there or anything else. And then I guess it gets to a point where everybody wants to go somewhere because they started inside
it could be in the home I guess it's kicked up and gotten kind of hot in Georgia again to as far as the number of cases and stuff. You know we were we keep kept talking about going back and I just you can I don't know about you in the back of my mind. I keep thinking oh another month another two months things will kind of get back to normal and then it doesn't and so I know we were thinking surely by january when the next semester comes we'll all be back in school and stuff and No probably not. And frankly even the school in our system we have some schools that have gone live part of the week but we actually have more coming in voluntarily for help than they have coming because their students have the option because of where the government's treatment whether they want to come in or be virtual and your option for the virtual. So it's definitely a different world. Yeah.
Maybe you should seem to them the palm, aren't you? Someone's knocking at the door bringing the bill.
Yeah. I'm a little our our youngest 21 so Or 20. Excuse me today. In fact. Yeah.
He's the one that fill in college. So she's she's actually down in Mississippi a kid with my wife. I said if we had another one, it's a good thing, we didn't have another child because she would have gone or he would have gone to college in Hawaii they get a little further away every time. Uh So anyway, were there in the art, so she's in the dance and stuff, so. Yeah. But
hurry better fun. Mhm.
I don't know what
I'd like to have been kind of stuck for months not being aware but uh you actually live in Atlanta or you on outskirts and
thank you.
Hi.
I was gonna stay with your previous job that sounds like one of the 60-plus hour a week job and
there
no,
no
tell
us.
Well
Yeah yeah let's let's make it tough right there. Uh huh.
Two.
Okay. Oh my goodness. Yeah so if she had to deal much with the covid directly or
there's a lot that goes into that I know that we uh have to use disinfectants and stuff in the days after when the kids leave we have to do that with the desk and everything and also drop a bus for the system before school. So expiry that down. Everything else. Close call I guess I've had as we normal students did come down with Covid. It was on the bus unfortunately he was we social distance in a part and what everybody's riding. So they no one had to go there. Well the health department had a letter they were sending out every ground. There's anyone diagnosed at school. They sent a letter out but the first time they sent it, they didn't word it very well. And
it literally said there has been a there's been a confirmed case of Covid in your school And you have to be quarantined for 14 days. I'm thinking what? And so I thought that seems odd you think because they also said that contact with everybody and I thought
one of contacted me, so they quickly came on the intercom because everybody got that email uh said uh they missed stated that we've already got everybody out that came into contact with them, but he never knows. Yeah.
So if you had your druthers, when things go back to normal, you, your like
your career you're in and you like to stay there and try to advance in it.
Mhm.
No.
Talk.
Well our visit in the hotel, what would you steer me to and what would you steer me away from?
Yeah. Your hotel. If I were going to your hotel and I was going to sit down for a meal, what would you steer me to, What would you steer me away from?
Vermont.
Well. Oh my
You feel always include here in the US. When
I,
when I finished graduate school, I spent a semester work and then uh it wasn't a hotel, but it was about this close to it as you're going to get at the University of north Carolina's campus, It was 2000, but they had the bank uh and there's so much wasted food and I knew that I could step on the back doc of where they brought the food in, take a baseball
and throw it through the window of a halfway house. Where if we had been legally just able to take the food that came in back off the line and take it over there, we could have kept them fed for cost to us because you just had to throw it away. It's a shame. I think finally they did manage to change things enough that we were able to save some of the stuff and senator because I went to and I said is there not a way we can because you know it's just a tremendous amount of food, it just goes and it's the only thing that was there is it went on the line twice that according to that it's got to go in the trash at that time. Uh And I thought man come on they were good about letting the workers there though, you kind of take it with them and I overlook it, you know but but it's still it's just a shame that we can't redirect some of that extra food we're against.
It was.
Well I'll keep in prayer and keep you company in prayer and your family and our nation because we need to get held up and get back to going. Uh huh
move on. But I enjoyed talking to you. It looks like we've got men and I may have to check out that mechanical turk. You're talking about.
What?
No.
More war. Yeah.
That protect an outie
from
well I hope you take care and have fun with the rest. Is this the first time you've done the chatter conversation? Have you done this before?
Well you'll enjoy the questions I ask afterwards to then. It's interesting. All right.
Good luck. Okay.
Okay bye bye mm.