SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Hi. Who? Mm hmm. Mhm, mm hmm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yes please. Mhm. A cut up a lot of but mm, mm hmm. It's 50 yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Good. Mm. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Oh, come on the show. Uh you show uh Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Come on. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Oh. Mhm Okay. Then they have them, Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh Oh. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Uh huh Oh Oh Oh, Uh huh. Mm Yeah. Mhm I do. Mm hmm. Oh. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh Oh well, thank you. Pop, mm. Mhm Oh, it's Oh yeah, mm hmm. Mhm Okay. Mhm Oh,
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: hello?
SPEAKER_R: know bye.
SPEAKER_L: How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing good. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: That's good
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: to hear. So um where are you from? A region?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from, I'm live in Chicago. I grew up about 30 miles from here in the burbs. But yeah, so I live in Chicago. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool wow. You're all the way, you're all the way up north. I'm actually all the way to the east Virginia.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Are you froze? Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Oh sorry yeah I'm actually from Virginia.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm, mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you now. Can you hear me? Uh huh,
SPEAKER_R: okay? There we go. Take it here. Uh huh. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: I was just saying like I'm actually from Virginia is um all the way up from east for all the east
SPEAKER_L: I like Virginia. My my younger brother went to grad school in Virginia or his wife went to grad school there something for pharmacy. And um so is that a big tobacco
SPEAKER_R: post
SPEAKER_L: still there?
SPEAKER_R: kind of I mean like it's more e cigarettes now. Not really tobacco anymore. I mean surprisingly you expect Maryland to switch to now Maryland still the state of crabs so that's
SPEAKER_L: ha,
SPEAKER_R: why
SPEAKER_L: ha ha.
SPEAKER_R: it's so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I am, I am um uh I said in a couple of meetings for with big tobacco for for my job and they, it seems like they're slowly turning to marijuana.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I've heard of that too. Yeah. Yeah I remember that. They're trying to get I know there they're trying to get it legalized over here too and they want to open dispensers dispenser read at least like what's your if you don't let me ask you what your profession?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a stage manager for uh the second city, alright, was the stage manager for the second city before covid.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, what stage manager?
SPEAKER_L: So I'm in charge of the actors and the crew and I we would go to like uh corporate gigs and perform for them. And um second city east of theater where like tina fey started and steve Colbert, uh Joan Rivers back in the day. Uh so anyone, you know, a lot of famous people started at Second City and they went on and they make tons of money now used to probably, but but
SPEAKER_R: they are.
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: do?
SPEAKER_R: really good. I am actually in college right now. I'm studying I. T. Right now
SPEAKER_L: Well that's smart, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty fun. It's really difficult. Especially java, but like many of the grasp of it and it's only like a sophomore year, so I have a couple more years to go. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: are you in classrooms or are you doing tele classes or? Oh mm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually going online. So
SPEAKER_L: Online,
SPEAKER_R: that's one green, yep. I'm not going in person. That's not worth it.
SPEAKER_L: Do you miss that
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: though?
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: Being in a classroom? Er
SPEAKER_R: Kind of, it depends on like doing with your friends. Yes. Do I miss the classes? And the professors? Not really because a lot of them are just like they're from other countries or they're really strict. Like most of them are from India or china and like they'll
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: really mad. I want mistake, which I guess makes sense in their culture, but like, we're like chill like my gosh just like it's just a line of code. My bad because the beginner's class two for java.
SPEAKER_L: Well it sounds like it's sort of like a, you know, like a boot camp for, you know, the uh you know,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: the communists or something?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it's really strict and I guess it makes sense because the the university go to GMU. It's engineering department and his engineering is also associated with this I. T. And CS. There really well known
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: throughout the eastern side of the U. S. And most of the country to so because barely anyone graduates here on time we always
SPEAKER_L: past,
SPEAKER_R: everyone almost graduates like a semester or even a year later. And because the classic is really difficult later on like data trees and all of that stuff like ai analysis like my last semester's it gets really difficult. So that's why I usually people graduate later on.
SPEAKER_L: and do they go to grad school after that or do they just give a job and they move on?
SPEAKER_R: They normally get a job because we have so many companies here in Virginia. Like we have Lockheed martin, we had microphone, we have micro me about all these different other tech companies like high tier to that most of the time instead of going to grad school they had plans to go to grad school. They just dropped because normally if they're going to get accepted to grad school based on their grades, they're going to get accepted by Lockheed martin. Which is one of the big tech companies. It's a really good tear. So that's why I like they're they're ready. They're fine as it is. So normally like.
SPEAKER_L: I paid money for when you can make money? Right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it's not really worth doing grad school too
SPEAKER_L: problem.
SPEAKER_R: because like the thing is with I. T. Like you already you already know it's constantly changing and the differences to like um I thought I put it medical medical is always gonna stay relatively the same. It will improve obviously. But instead the base is the same as for technology. The biggest changes entirely like every decade or so entirely new new operating systems are introduced. Old ones are just phased out. I mean for example one of my professor for Java he has a master's degree. I forgot what section of I. T. Or technology but it's like kind of old and no one uses anymore because I forgot what it was. It was like analog to analog but it was it was a really needed masters at the time or really need a profession but now no one does it because everything is you know completely ahead. Yeah so
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: that's why most
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: of time.
SPEAKER_L: do you think of ai
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Yeah I kind of like it and it's pretty neat but obviously like kind of a it still needs to be monitored obviously because that's like the biggest thing because that's the biggest danger especially self learning ai which is kind of borderline sentient borderline usually. So that's why it's kind of scary. I mean like um at our school for example we have little robots that bring food to everyone and their borderline
SPEAKER_L: Honey?
SPEAKER_R: sentient because they they're self learning so pretty much like no one controls them. Other university had the same thing, like we do a little drones or we like to call them like what we call them the marshmallows because they're white and they're really puffy. Um Other universities that have that they usually have someone like off campus or out of the country operate the robots individually, but for ours it's completely self a. I like the engineering school assistant programming, I have to assist in also programming and one of my next programming classes, I don't know what it is to make C plus plus some like that, but usually that's what we do and it's self learning, so like we only, the only times people have to interfere with it is if it gets stuck, but then it won't get stuck over again because that's, you know, that's how it is. So it's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: It seems like all my new software, all of it has like a i built into it like Photoshop and my uh my Photoshop extensions, they're all you know like topaz ai or you know it's like and it's kind of weird because it really is, it learns it really learns my style and it's um and it's kind of cool.
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty cool and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: kind of scary at the same time, you know? But overall I do like it because
SPEAKER_L: clear
SPEAKER_R: especially to like um someone like, what is it, like um Photoshop
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: example? Because I'm actually I literally learned how to use Photoshop like a month ago from my class because we're learning Dreamweaver, Photoshop and Animate adobe. And like, I kind of like it because it doesn't know your preferences and also for other programs too, like, for example, what is it? Um you ever heard of aim labs, so it's like a game and it's specifically made to improve your aim with the mouse and it actually has some components in it. The government almost everyone uses like the modes they have self ai self built ai so they can track your progress and also ramp up the difficulty depending how we're doing how well you're not doing and your trends and all of that basically just figures out you know what your weaknesses are, all of that stuff and it fixes it for you which is pretty neat.
SPEAKER_L: I would be scared to see what my weaknesses are.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Amy it's pretty funny. So I used to spend hours on it just because it's so interesting. I do like it though. But yeah that's another example and like um I'm I. T. So I don't have to make the ai when it comes later on when I work with like any big tech companies like Microsoft Lockheed martin or whatever. I'm only
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: I want
SPEAKER_R: to be responsible for maintaining it and troubleshooting it in fixing it. But I'm not gonna be making it because that's the CS people those are those are the software engineers and developers. They're the ones who get paid slightly more than we do but go through so much more. Which kind of sucks. It's kind of sad
SPEAKER_L: Uh But you know you all make your choices right? And yeah.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Yeah and like I would say that's kind of like a bad choice doing that specifically. Like um I'm really um like CS it's not really a good choice because of just how just the pure difficulty of it because it's um much less people graduate with CS.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Because so the thing is a lot of people in the school engineering get accepted as CS majors at first. But then what normally happens is
SPEAKER_L: Come
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: 90% of them drop out to I. T. Instead. Because a lot of the CS courses transfer to I. T. But the I don't transfer the CS
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: because the I. T. Is pretty much like a step lower. It's slightly easier. But it makes sense. But what's really sucks because that's why I never really wanted to take it anyway is when it comes to like job interviews and even like I've spoken with recruiters and Lockheed martin I even asked the difference and other people have as well. Even professors they said when it comes down to it the only difference will come in like a year or two after you get a job. Because that's when you'll be out of the pit from you know all that you'll be mashing out code in the pit for like a year or two or even months have been how good you are. And even then the most like the most like the difference
SPEAKER_L: come on.
SPEAKER_R: you'll make between the I. T. And CS major at the same company is usually like 10 or 20 K. More and it's not really worth it because at that point usually you're making over 100 K. S. I. T.
SPEAKER_L: so over 100 K. It doesn't matter what next year 10 does, I mean pays your taxes a little better.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it's it's
SPEAKER_L: Both.
SPEAKER_R: just not really worth it because it's much more like as I said earlier it significantly more difficult. Like it's brutal a lot of people drop out or even break down because that's how difficult to CS courses are.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I might uh yeah my husband used to work for Claris
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: and uh the clearest works, they were bought by Apple and uh but he was a programmer and and he got burnt out really quickly and went to law school. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that's actually really interesting. So he was a C. S. Or I. T. Then somehow got to the law school and now he's a little he's attorney or lawyer.
SPEAKER_L: He um he just got done being a professor of law and now he's uh deciding what to do next
SPEAKER_R: I see. Uh it's actually really cool. I never knew that. I know like for law what is it because right now I'm
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: in a relationship with this other woman right? We're both like this she's a year younger than me But she's in the lower grade freshman. I'm a sophomore. She's doing law as well. But what I didn't know is like I thought to get accepted to law you have to take like a law related major something
SPEAKER_L: Now
SPEAKER_R: like that.
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I never
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: knew that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah to get into law school they uh they prefer you not having you know pre water or anything because those classes really are not going to help you. So they like people who are like apply who has like theater majors or uh you know an engineering major or something that's different than what they usually gets and uh and then you know, like it's you know what school is all about, what's inside the war not memorizing was so you know,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it's a whole different, you know uh mindset and you know, if you have not uh one of the degrees that you would assume, you know, history or political science or pre law, uh you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: speak more out of the box because you're just you're using your major to to compensate
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: with law school and all that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's actually pretty cool because I know like a lot of um because I also I also didn't mention about some a double major to some music pedagogy so I'm violin and what I noticed too is that a lot of people like who gets to the law school at least from like so you know our university we also have a really big law school. That's funny by again so many companies like the I. T. And the music but a lot of like a lot of like what I know it's a lot of people who transfer from Gm. You in general to the vulgar new not the it's some Republican guys name for the law school but pretty much most of them get accepted from GM. You come either from like the CPV. A. Which is the the College of Performing Visual Arts which is what I do or they come from the volcano almost nowhere else.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: And it's pretty neat.
SPEAKER_L: and it brings such diversity to the law, you know, and but also with law school,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you know, the law changes all the time, so you have to take continuing education classes for the rest of your career.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's kind of it's similar to like I. T. In a sense and see a story pretty much like you
SPEAKER_L: Dr
SPEAKER_R: usually a job. Is it true? Usually a job that required to take trainings yearly for like you know what's new?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you have to get through the bar association continue education credits to keep your license. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay. And uh since your husband worked also as I. T. In a sense did he every year have to take new courses and trainings to keep up his you know a knowledge or was it just offered to the corporation or company he worked with
SPEAKER_L: He would take uh for uh
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: for specifics through the company, but for but for a general he would take a continuing educations through the bar.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Okay. I see. Huh. I never knew that. I thought pretty much like once you got your license. Oh, but doesn't make sense. Yeah, it doesn't make sense. I forgot new laws always introduced like, oh my God, so many every year. Never mind.
SPEAKER_L: And you know, I don't think anyone knows all of them. Hm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no one knows. A lot of them are obscure and the new ones that keep getting added because like also her dad or the person I'm dating, her father also is an attorney and he also worked at Congress. So he knows a lot of stuff. So she has a big connection. She's lucky. But um he told me to what he really hates nowadays is like even in Virginia, there's a ton of new laws that in his words make no goddamn sense. Like
SPEAKER_L: Ha
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: ha
SPEAKER_R: super
SPEAKER_L: ha.
SPEAKER_R: obscure, like to the point where they can be forgotten, they get removed and there's not really much of a difference. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: But you know there's going to be that one person who knows that one law that's going to bring it up and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, it's pretty cool. But like also um I know what he does to is he, so you re sort of congress now, it just works for some law firm, but he also takes up cases in the law firm for like, uh what is it victims of like police brutality in the, in the state? Because that's really big right now and Virginia, it's kind of notorious, you know, DMV Maryland, d C Virginia, kind of tourist police brutality, which makes sense, especially towards like minorities.
SPEAKER_L: on Youtube you can watch some of these videos of people getting pulled over by the cops. Um you know, it happens everywhere and where the cops. Um I love there's a channel where there's this lawyer who gets pulled over all the time by cops and he uh he's like no I don't have to do this and the top just gets angry and uh it's like you need to learn the laws and and uh you know get me a supervisor and especially if you're driving well colored uh you're you're in trouble. You know, I would assume in most of the southern states and I mean even a liberal place like Chicago driving well colored you're driving while black. It's not and getting pulled over, it's not it's not a good thing at all because it's your five plans is likely to be killed then a white person getting pulled over. Yeah and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: it's just ridiculous
SPEAKER_R: what, that's what I'm like, that's what I really don't like to like I, for myself, I'm hispanic and luckily I had the privilege to be to
SPEAKER_L: like.
SPEAKER_R: live and like both kind of have to put it around my own people, but also with white. So I can pretty much like if I only live with Hispanics, I'd in their eyes look ghetto. That's the thing alright talking. Whereas when I hang out with, you know, all the, like I went to a lot of like, oh my God, almost mostly white schools, it was kind of scary because like that's why we very much want to buy Fairfax at the time. But like I kind of have both sides of the coin so that's why I'm fine. I could just talk to minimal, minimal voice and they're fine. But like I still know they're going to be officer pressure because I don't like, but that's why I like, I'm glad he takes out those cases
SPEAKER_L: Come.
SPEAKER_R: because that's pretty like had I put it admirable because I know like the thing is I hate about the cops to like I don't hate cops in a sense. What I hate is the amount of power they have like, you know, they can lie easily and if they get caught, you know under oath they get caught. Where do they get a month suspension, maybe even less.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: Supreme
SPEAKER_R: fired.
SPEAKER_L: Court even said that they can lie to you.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, they can't lie for information, but under oath, they can also lie under oath. And the thing is like they can't but they can't they can't lie under oath technically. But even if they do it's like a slap on the wrist which I hate and they can put you in jail for like what, 50 60 years and it's just your word against theirs. And they only what they only did like eight months or not even eight months, eight weeks of training and a lawyer does like what, eight years? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and it's just um and you know it's just you know this this brotherhood
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: that they have is so disgusting sometimes and it's just you know it's so sad that you know that in 2020 we still have cops killing people who they could have not they used excessive power on these people for no reason. I mean or they had a poor woman who got killed in her own home for a no knock warrant that wasn't even hers.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I've heard about that yeah and I noticed too like some police departments especially really busy cities. They even mess up race which is like the worst thing. But like yeah that's that's what I really hate the most about this whole situation again. Like eight weeks they get to ruin your life and you know it takes eight years or so I'm gonna get you out. And the thing is to what really pisses me off also is like how do you put it like they can get away which is so much and you know we can't like for example speeding and even to even try to tow the car they can because that's what it is. You know you ever saw them someone trying to tow their car like a chief example next thing you know he's on gunpoint and arrested just for doing his job. He's a repo man.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and then you know what they get to get to sell that car if there's like any drugs or anything in that they go well you know they they used it for drug trafficking or whatever so they could take that car and sell it and keep the money from the car.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah that's what that's what I hated to and also in Virginia I know they still have this for a fact. That's why I like I don't carry any cash. They can technically take away your cash at any moment, even if you're right, it doesn't matter mostly hispanic because I know cases I think it won't even win a national someone had in cash enough money to repair his shop. His restaurant is barbecue, something like that because you don't have credit card or whatever. He was pulled over in Fairfax, the Fairfax, the rich white people and he got all this money taken away and in court when he tried to get it back they spent it all. So he he his restaurant goes on because that's what I hate. Like it's a it's a mess right now and like the entire the entire systems mess. That's why I really don't like to put it. I don't like it. I understand if they have to kill. Like you've seen those videos were like they like you know someone running away for example like what was that one kid? He had like a gun in his pocket and while he was running away he was reaching for
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it and I can understand that. But like someone else, you know like someone in the car having their hands up just get shot randomly. That's what he said. One reasonably.
SPEAKER_L: of mine is a cop
SPEAKER_R: There's not.
SPEAKER_L: and he's never shot his fun. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because normally like too many cops are trigger happy even in the military to like for cops in the military, there's a lot of like, you know people who used to like anonymous people and they can basically the reasons why they join a good chunk of them just say, oh because they want to legally kill someone. Something military.
SPEAKER_L: wow. And you get a lot of military in Virginia, don't you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, a lot. I mean I don't, a lot of them are good hearted people because the thing is some of them generally want to kill people, which I guess makes sense is obvious. But then the problem is it's really like a predatory the military, especially the army. Oh my God. Especially. So I graduated from like, like a decent high school. God, like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: immediately
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: after graduation, everyone, like all the Hispanics were contacted by like an army saying like, oh you can pay for college and all of this. Oh my gosh, it was a mess. Some people actually went and I don't know how to do it now.
SPEAKER_L: Well, you know the the G. I. Bill uh pays for a lot of people to go to college. But you know, I mean what what sacrifices do you make to get that bill? You know?
SPEAKER_R: Mm And I get it.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: agree.
SPEAKER_R: the problem is to what they don't mention is so they obviously say do boot camp, can go to college. The problem is that you have to be an active
SPEAKER_L: Stuff
SPEAKER_R: service and at any
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: moment
SPEAKER_L: must.
SPEAKER_R: they can pull your ass out of the classroom and you can't see a damn thing because if you also um, what is it not? Is it like what's equivalent retired discharge, like honorable discharge or whatever, you have to pay back what you owe because if you take college and they pay for it, if you don't spend, I don't know how many years, I think it's almost like two decades worth or even a decade more in the military service and you could drop at any time before that they can build you and it's just the same like urgency as taxes. You can't get them off bankruptcy.
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy, wow. We're at a time. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I can't believe exclusive
SPEAKER_R: Give me
SPEAKER_L: fast. Have you done many of these before?
SPEAKER_R: coming in.
SPEAKER_L: Have you done many of these before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The prolific thing. So not exactly sorry I was talking about because you came down.
SPEAKER_L: Oh. No problem.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but um not this specific actually the specific one. Yeah I think this is my fifth time on my six. How
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: much?
SPEAKER_L: one more time, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah six now is recently. Five
SPEAKER_L: It's certainly now.
SPEAKER_R: oh seven. Never mind. Yeah one more time. Uh huh. But um yeah this whole entire military things and there's a lot of military in Virginia and like I even like the benefits I can't do it because like I have hypermobility and to really high degree of my joints can pop out. I wouldn't survive in the crucible in the Marine Corps Ernie branch, that's why I can't do it. But if I could I probably would have done it and then I would have realized how bad I screwed up because like even my friend like my good friend who I've known since elementary school and my friends anymore, he has PTSD and he's severely traumatized by boot camp because that's how bad it was.
SPEAKER_L: And PTSD is not, you know, it's it's gonna be probably listen for the rest of his life. He's going to learn how to
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: control it.
SPEAKER_R: he has yeah he has nightmares like every time and he screams up and screams like waking up at night even the oh my God he does a therapist luckily but he's a mess and it's not even his fault because he just bought into it like I did I almost did.
SPEAKER_L: You can't drink that kool Aid
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you can't drink that. But
SPEAKER_L: balcony.
SPEAKER_R: that's my like especially oh my
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: god did you hear about the protests last night? D. C. Oh my god.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What a gross, gross, gross, gross. What is it going to do? No.
SPEAKER_R: But I don't know I mean like I don't understand. But so the coronavirus never happened trump. Most likely would have one because we all know he had a ton of support for the coronavirus. But the problem is the coronavirus exposed completely. It exposes how bad it was. So the only thing he was good at was the economy. The only problem is everything else. Even public relations was through the floor like terrible.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We were the laughing stock of the world. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Anyway, we are and now like oh my gosh, it's at least it's getting better because biden's you know, at least competent. But like it's just that's a mess right now. This whole politics. And last night they were yeah, there was there was a huge protest in dc. Everything was closed down. My people got hurt from what I've heard, but it's a mess and appreciate I'm gonna do it again tomorrow or today actually D. C. I think is still going on.
SPEAKER_L: And then they um but you know, I mean, I bet they're not going to be uh shot at or a tear gas or anything like what happened with the you know,
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: some of
SPEAKER_R: Chicago,
SPEAKER_L: the Black Life matters protests
SPEAKER_R: yep. They weren't they
SPEAKER_L: next.
SPEAKER_R: almost weren't all they had, which is like riot gear and even at night they had strong tear gas. But I don't even know if that's true. I didn't see any footage but I guarantee you that. Hispanics like the Black Lives Matter.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Especially you're outside of the church by the White House where they where he needed to think clear so he could have a photo op with the bible. Because, you know, he reads the bible all the time. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But definitely, yeah, it was really nice talking to you, by the way,
SPEAKER_L: It was great talking to you and I am uh you know, it's uh I really like these, I've only had one where I was like, oh God, can you attend now? It was just this Republican guy who just I tried to be open minded, but everything I said was wrong. So I was like, okay,
SPEAKER_R: yikes.
SPEAKER_L: I'm wrong.
SPEAKER_R: Oof. Uh Yeah. Those people that hate. But yeah, it was definitely nice talking to you. And I hope the recipe that goes well.
SPEAKER_L: you too. I um good luck with the rest of your schooling.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Goodbye.