Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Hi. Who? Mm hmm. Mhm, mm hmm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yes please. Mhm. A cut up a lot of but mm, mm hmm. It's 50 yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Good. Mm. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Oh, come on the show. Uh you show uh Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Come on. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Oh. Mhm Okay. Then they have them, Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh Oh. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Uh huh Oh Oh Oh, Uh huh. Mm Yeah. Mhm I do. Mm hmm. Oh. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh Oh well, thank you. Pop, mm. Mhm Oh, it's Oh yeah, mm hmm. Mhm Okay. Mhm Oh,
hello?
How are you?
I'm good.
No.
I'm from, I'm live in Chicago. I grew up about 30 miles from here in the burbs. But yeah, so I live in Chicago. How are you?
Uh huh. Are you froze? Hello?
Okay. Mhm, mm hmm.
I can hear you now. Can you hear me? Uh huh,
Hey,
I like Virginia. My my younger brother went to grad school in Virginia or his wife went to grad school there something for pharmacy. And um so is that a big tobacco
still there?
ha,
ha ha.
Yeah, I am, I am um uh I said in a couple of meetings for with big tobacco for for my job and they, it seems like they're slowly turning to marijuana.
I'm a stage manager for uh the second city, alright, was the stage manager for the second city before covid.
So I'm in charge of the actors and the crew and I we would go to like uh corporate gigs and perform for them. And um second city east of theater where like tina fey started and steve Colbert, uh Joan Rivers back in the day. Uh so anyone, you know, a lot of famous people started at Second City and they went on and they make tons of money now used to probably, but but
what
do
you
do?
Well that's smart, yeah,
are you in classrooms or are you doing tele classes or? Oh mm.
Online,
Do you miss that
though?
Being in a classroom? Er
that's
good.
Well it sounds like it's sort of like a, you know, like a boot camp for, you know, the uh you know,
the communists or something?
And
past,
and do they go to grad school after that or do they just give a job and they move on?
I paid money for when you can make money? Right,
problem.
So
what
do you think of ai
and
Honey?
It seems like all my new software, all of it has like a i built into it like Photoshop and my uh my Photoshop extensions, they're all you know like topaz ai or you know it's like and it's kind of weird because it really is, it learns it really learns my style and it's um and it's kind of cool.
Yeah.
clear
and
I would be scared to see what my weaknesses are.
And
I want
Uh But you know you all make your choices right? And yeah.
What?
Come
on.
What?
come on.
so over 100 K. It doesn't matter what next year 10 does, I mean pays your taxes a little better.
Both.
Yeah I might uh yeah my husband used to work for Claris
and uh the clearest works, they were bought by Apple and uh but he was a programmer and and he got burnt out really quickly and went to law school. Mhm.
He um he just got done being a professor of law and now he's uh deciding what to do next
that
Now
they
know
yeah to get into law school they uh they prefer you not having you know pre water or anything because those classes really are not going to help you. So they like people who are like apply who has like theater majors or uh you know an engineering major or something that's different than what they usually gets and uh and then you know, like it's you know what school is all about, what's inside the war not memorizing was so you know,
it's a whole different, you know uh mindset and you know, if you have not uh one of the degrees that you would assume, you know, history or political science or pre law, uh you
speak more out of the box because you're just you're using your major to to compensate
with law school and all that.
That's
and it brings such diversity to the law, you know, and but also with law school,
you know, the law changes all the time, so you have to take continuing education classes for the rest of your career.
Dr
Yeah, you have to get through the bar association continue education credits to keep your license. Yeah.
He would take uh for uh
for specifics through the company, but for but for a general he would take a continuing educations through the bar.
And you know, I don't think anyone knows all of them. Hm.
Ha
ha
ha.
But you know there's going to be that one person who knows that one law that's going to bring it up and Yeah.
on Youtube you can watch some of these videos of people getting pulled over by the cops. Um you know, it happens everywhere and where the cops. Um I love there's a channel where there's this lawyer who gets pulled over all the time by cops and he uh he's like no I don't have to do this and the top just gets angry and uh it's like you need to learn the laws and and uh you know get me a supervisor and especially if you're driving well colored uh you're you're in trouble. You know, I would assume in most of the southern states and I mean even a liberal place like Chicago driving well colored you're driving while black. It's not and getting pulled over, it's not it's not a good thing at all because it's your five plans is likely to be killed then a white person getting pulled over. Yeah and
it's just ridiculous
like.
Come.
Well
the
Supreme
Court even said that they can lie to you.
and it's just um and you know it's just you know this this brotherhood
that they have is so disgusting sometimes and it's just you know it's so sad that you know that in 2020 we still have cops killing people who they could have not they used excessive power on these people for no reason. I mean or they had a poor woman who got killed in her own home for a no knock warrant that wasn't even hers.
Yeah and then you know what they get to get to sell that car if there's like any drugs or anything in that they go well you know they they used it for drug trafficking or whatever so they could take that car and sell it and keep the money from the car.
No.
of mine is a cop
and he's never shot his fun. Yeah.
wow. And you get a lot of military in Virginia, don't you?
I
think
Well, you know the the G. I. Bill uh pays for a lot of people to go to college. But you know, I mean what what sacrifices do you make to get that bill? You know?
I
agree.
Stuff
you
must.
That's crazy, wow. We're at a time. Mhm.
I can't believe exclusive
fast. Have you done many of these before?
Have you done many of these before?
Oh. No problem.
have
one more time, right?
It's certainly now.
And PTSD is not, you know, it's it's gonna be probably listen for the rest of his life. He's going to learn how to
control it.
You can't drink that kool Aid
balcony.
Okay.
Yeah. What a gross, gross, gross, gross. What is it going to do? No.
Yeah. We were the laughing stock of the world. Mm.
And then they um but you know, I mean, I bet they're not going to be uh shot at or a tear gas or anything like what happened with the you know,
some of
the Black Life matters protests
next.
Yeah. Especially you're outside of the church by the White House where they where he needed to think clear so he could have a photo op with the bible. Because, you know, he reads the bible all the time. Mhm. Yeah.
It was great talking to you and I am uh you know, it's uh I really like these, I've only had one where I was like, oh God, can you attend now? It was just this Republican guy who just I tried to be open minded, but everything I said was wrong. So I was like, okay,
I'm wrong.
you too. I um good luck with the rest of your schooling.