Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. Hey how's it going?
Oh that's okay. I just nowadays don't expect people to show up because it's happened a few times but
what?
Okay. It
happened.
Um I'm in colorado right now. Where are you from?
Very nice. How are things over there?
No I live in a college town but I'm past college now
computer science.
Um We don't pick any concentrations, it was just general but like software
Oh very different, very different. Yeah.
Um So I was in school until junior year and then I had to stop for health problems, so my coding is very rusty. Um I think my sms we did a lot of C. Plus plus um And I just kind of started up again and I'm trying to learn python which so far no compared to C. And C. Plus plus, but have you ever done coding or?
I liked it but it's also been several years since I've used it.
Yeah that's unfortunate because I wouldn't want them to be up at odd hours just to hold office hours. But at the same time if they're working for a school in the US it might be a little easier to just go buy us times instead of having them at one in the morning. Us times.
my camera turned off
I
don't know it takes six. I see it on mine.
and when I was going it was all we were holding
each other's leash is trying to keep each other up. It was rough stuff.
I don't know the to is really I would have failed many projects if it weren't for T. A. S. Because I don't, yeah
go ahead
and
that. Yeah
you're
good.
Yeah I've I've had a few professors like that. They
don't provide any material for you to learn from. They expect you to just code and then magically come upon answers or something. But I mean I'm sure you stack overflow a decent bit or
have you not really used it much?
That makes no sense to me whatsoever.
We we
yeah we do not have anything that strict. Um ours is more about um copying from other students which was a big problem honestly. Um And like in one class specifically the teacher wouldn't answer any questions. The tas were they had their mouth sewn shut by this professor. They weren't allowed to do anything. But man, if you aren't even allowed to add anything that's not in the textbook, how are you expected to learn?
Time.
Yeah. Well that sounds rough. I'm really happy that I'm not in school right now. I think everybody is having problems with it. It's definitely
not ideal.
man.
That's amazing. I wish I ever had that. Mhm.
But yeah, I mean if even if there's like a 12 hour difference, I feel like they could find some time. That's not ridiculous for one of the parties. Although I assume all these people have gotten other jobs going back home so maybe they can't. But man,
Yeah, sticky situation.
Oh yeah. Where are they supposed to go? They can't really practice anywhere if they're in an apartment.
Yeah. No. So I got to my junior year and I had to leave in 2016. I had ankle problems and was using a wheelchair and I started having risk problems and I couldn't use a computer anymore and you can't do computer science in that kind of situation. So I had to quit and I've gotten a lot better like I can use a computer now as you can tell. So I'm trying to teach myself to code again and remember, but I don't want to go back to school until I can do it without a wheelchair because I went my last year in school in a wheelchair and in colorado when it snows and you're trying to like scoot across campus, it sucked so much. It was it was awful. So um honestly I'm hoping in like the next five years I'll get back. Um Yeah, it's kind of just a crapshoot though. But that is the end goal just to get back and get finished, get a software job that
Yeah, I was very few. It's cold. But yeah, not ideal. I don't really want to even try to finish school right now despite the wheelchair stuff because if I'm doing it all online and then I graduate but I still can't drive to a job, no workplace because I can't drive right now. I'm what's the point
of graduating and racking up all that debt if I can't secure a job immediately after. So I'm going to go back as soon as I know I can work at a regular job like eight hours a day but until then like I'm not going to rack up any fees.
I
don't
know
either.
No
like my last semester I went to a job fair on campus and talked to a few people and one person was really interested. They wanted to schedule me for an interview. They're like can you drive 3.5 hours to the city and then it will be a five hour long interview and then you can go back. I'm like well I don't really know if anyone wants to drive me that far and then hang out for like eight hours of the day just waiting for me to interview. So and I mean everyone I talked to was like that. So even just the interview and you're right. Like I don't know how long remote positions are going to last. Like if they decide you can't be remote any longer, you have to come into the office. Okay. Well no
job then. I guess so. Yeah,
his tendons. So it was tendonitis is what it got diagnosed as. But then it was like all my tendons around one ankle and then it was the other ankle to eventually. And that's really not normal for
just
tendonitis.
And
Um man. And it's been like five years since that started and then it spread to both wrists, which is weird also. And then I have like migraines and I pain which I've never really thought about eye pain before. And so I went to like a dozen specialists to try and figure out what it was. And no one ever gave me an answer. Every doctor's like, who knows? Just put ice on it. Take ibuprofen. Like that's
going to get me out of the wheelchair for sure. But yeah, we never figured it out. And at this point I think it's just a pain condition and there's nothing structurally wrong with my tendons and it's just like the nerves are sending pain signals because they're confused.
Taylor Daniels.
Mm I'm not hyper mobile at all. Like if you can tell that's pretty normal.
Dude,
I
have I have like little t rex arms, I'd show you if I could, but they're they're not longer.
Judgment.
I
bet
stretches
would make it worse.
I thought about that for a long time. Like I went to specialist, There's a thing called psoriatic arthritis which can affect tendons. And I looked at every disease, but I've also had every blood test and just the fact that like maybe I did have tendonitis in my ankles and then my brain just decided to go into pain mode and create pain other places, so maybe my ankles actually have a structural problem. But everything else I've mostly been able to take care of with like cognitive behavioral therapy, which it's really annoying because it's hard to do. And it's frustrating because you know, you can't just take a pill and make it go away. You have to do mental exercises and so it's
a really really stupid thing. But I like there's dan look for sure, I don't think I've got, I'm pretty sure I had the genetic test for it, I got the evidence. Yeah.
Um I guess blood, what do you mean by measurement?
Yeah and um most doctors I talked to, they did test me for like the hypermobility. Um But they weren't familiar with any of
the variants that aren't like hyper mobile because I know it is a kind of recent thing where you just um gosh it's not collagen or is it collagen? There's like three types of collagen in one type. If it's deformed it makes you hyper mobile. And the other type can just cause brittleness or pain issues. Um
Yeah, I think it might be talking out of my butt, but I feel like that's type three or something and then there's a type four where you're not hyper mobile at all but your tendons are still not normal. Um
And doctors, doctors that I've talked to, they don't really know anything about that so I kind of dropped it but.
Yeah, it's hard to tell. I don't know. I'm glad you're able to figure out what's going on because it I know a lot of people who have had problems for a long time, they just can't figure it out. And like I've heard of people with other sand loose and they go to doctors and doctors just don't they aren't aware of it. Which seems kind of weird to me because I feel like nowadays it's fairly common knowledge.
cognitive behavioral therapy,
Um So it's uh like psychology method that was developed for just like psychological purposes, like anxiety and whatever. Where so in my instance, um
I couldn't step on a hard floor, it would be so painful in my heels and the balls of my feet. Like I could not take off my shoes ever. So I just would take off my shoes stand on a hard floor and it would hurt. But I would tell my brain, you know what, these are fake pain signals, there's no structural damage, the neurons are firing, they're just like confused. So just train my brain that and say like this is safe, there's no damage. And after a like weeks and weeks of doing that, the pain would start to go away. So I just had to do that for like everything that hurt like using a keyboard, it would be like a nine out of 10 pain and tears streaming down my face and I'm like, this is fake, is that? And you know, it is, it was rough and it sounds pretty crazy and it's just unfortunate that not many people know about it because there's just millions of people with chronic pain who think there's something physically wrong with him and there's not, it's just the brain is misfiring.
No.
it does.
Um What instrument do you play? Okay, so that's a little awkward, but it's not too heavy like a saxophone or anything.
I honestly didn't know you had to walk and play violin at the same time.
all
Have you tried any braces or anything like back braces or shoulder braces?
I
do have really thin forearms, but my upper arms are not that at all. I don't know addressing.
Yeah, you as well. Kind of had some weird things in common, learned a little bit though. But yeah, I hope your schooling goes good. Help us to rico is good.