SPEAKER_L: Okay. I should use my mike. Okay. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: can you see me?
SPEAKER_R: I cannot see you. Can you see me?
SPEAKER_L: I can see you. I'm
SPEAKER_R: Black
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: hair?
SPEAKER_L: Let's see. Look and fix my camera here. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I'm not sure what's going on. I do apologize for this. The using a very weird setup to use my cell phone as a webcam. And I guess it's a causing some weird errors on my end. Mhm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. That's weird. What
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like menu? Mm hmm. She camera. Yeah. Don't let me update my camera. I tried to I hope
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: don't think that did it.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I'm
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: sorry about this.
SPEAKER_R: what do you think it matters that we don't have the video?
SPEAKER_L: Um It's it will probably matter for me. I might get dinged, but you might not because I mean, I can clearly see you. Um You can hear me, we can hear each other so.
SPEAKER_R: and just so they can record it they just can't see the video I guess we'll find out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And we can always just put a note end when we uh the overall track that, you know, hey, my video wasn't working. Um I've had it worked before, you know, using a similar setup, so I'm not entirely sure what's going on because it's showing that my video on my end is working in another window, so.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. But will give us some time maybe it just has to refresh itself. Do you do a lot of the online surveys?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Actually um I tried to as many as possible um but sometimes it's harder to catch up or you know, to find them. Um So actually today I set up a uh like google
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: chrome extension to uh monitor the page, the prolific page to see, you know, we know update and show a uh surveys for me to do.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's good.
SPEAKER_L: So that was easier for me to keep up with stuff like this and it's called. Yeah, I have a hair uh this still a web monitor
SPEAKER_R: So do you get a notification when there's a new survey or needs to have to check it?
SPEAKER_L: so how it works is that it just the way I haven't said the way that it works, it will monitor an entire page, like a web page if you have it set to if there's any changes in the web page, any at all. Well uh after it refreshes its search because it it like it refreshed the page whenever it searches the page. Uh huh. You know, I'll give you like a little ding or
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: whatever alarm song that you said it too. So once you hear the little ding or whatever alarm you said it to you go go over to the paint your check it if there's something there because it just searches for any difference is not necessarily just a new um survey. Sometimes it could just be like a a web error or a notification from the page itself. Okay. So
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: it's while it's a possibility open ended right now, it's still very useful.
SPEAKER_R: that's good. I usually do online transcriptions but so then I can have that window open and just kind of check it every once in
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: But the online transcription work really slows down on the side I use
SPEAKER_L: What's that?
SPEAKER_R: between now and you know like over the holidays so there hasn't been so I have to
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: kind of remember to keep looking for serving. I've missed a couple um Just because I forgot to look.
SPEAKER_L: never done, I mean I've looked into online
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: transcriptions and um and I could type fairly fast. I've never actually been like able to do it. Like I've like I've subscribed to a couple of when I described by to a couple of uh a website center and I haven't got anything back. What
SPEAKER_R: you try rev dot com
SPEAKER_L: does it call it?
SPEAKER_R: rev are in green? Do you like victor? Are you dot com? From what I've heard, it's your than a lot of the other ones? Um It doesn't pay as much as the other ones. But I think that's kind of the trade off that's a little easier to
SPEAKER_L: Reviews.
SPEAKER_R: get accepted and to start doing work. I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: it's like
SPEAKER_R: decide what does it say? Um You know a lot of the other rivers, I can tell from their comments on the forum that they really wouldn't be able to get another job where they have some reason they couldn't do a full time job. So I never can tell if they're really providing a great benefit for that employee based or they're completely explaining that employee based because it doesn't pay very well at all. But you know sit at home and do it in your pajamas.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And and and that's the, that's the thing with trying to find anything meaningful, you know, for general income
SPEAKER_R: Seven.
SPEAKER_L: online is as difficult to sort of the the expectation from the actual legitimate. So, so I mean right now prolific has, has helped me out with a little bit of pocket change. I can't really talk about about prolific. I actually enjoy it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Plus it's so fast and it doesn't interfere with anything you can do when during a commercial. So it's a nice movie like that
SPEAKER_L: And and honestly, this is my first time doing one of these uh these live
SPEAKER_R: meat
SPEAKER_L: conversation
SPEAKER_R: will mean tour.
SPEAKER_L: and only from my camera to kind of just, you know, not, not work, but that's, that's fine. I'll have to see if I can get another welcome to actually set this up later on. Um, and I also, in addition to using prolific,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I also do a couple of other um, survey sites, you know, because you can never, you can never rely on just one,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: y'all at the double up, you know, get multiple of them. So I use a prolific and also use something called Prize Rebel, which is a lot of surveys. It's far more uh, what's the time before her like kinda grind e than prolific
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: certificates
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: from your heart. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: is it called?
SPEAKER_L: Prize Rebel. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Just like that? That's like it sounds I will check that
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: one out too.
SPEAKER_L: definitely check out ref because, uh, because right now I'm currently unemployed. Um, and you know, I've, I've got a little bit of struggle. So I'm just trying to make some basic phone bill in meat. And so I've been using a bit of price uh little bit price rebel uh prolific. And I've also been using something else known as user testing and uh it's you require like a like a headphone and mic or not or something to sort good internet, a nice quiet environment, kind of like what you have right now. Um And then what you do is you review like website, so why not? And you speak out loud, you think aloud, you view everything about the website, you follow the task that it gives you. Um And there's even a mobile app version that allows you to do like sometimes service and you have to think and talk out loud or review an app. Um In one case I even was able to download an entire game prototype. Okay. It was yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And what is my uncle again?
SPEAKER_L: it's called it user testing is is just as plain as it sounds, it's
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: just.
SPEAKER_R: I used to you know see that you know one of the companies I worked for? So I think I would enjoy that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I've been trying to find more user testing websites. Like it it's just that this one is just called user testing and it has like a blue and white logo and website. And it's just it's just at the top of the list in terms of user testing websites. It's very good. I've learned a lot of, you know, emergency food and supply
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: me with it. Um it usually pays about 10 per Protest that you qualify for $10. Um So I've I've uh I've been able to pay bills with it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That sounds like good. That's pretty good. So you sound like you're a little bit younger and I think because I'm retired I think sometimes they don't qualify for as many um surveys that someone who's you know probably more at more and more
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: active demographic, you know spending more working more things like that. I think that mixing this out on a lot of the surveys.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, some some of them are just as simple as uh I've done one that's just as simple as reviewing how website looks and works and uh and how the which like what you think about, like I've reviewed a website that was all about, um, you know, selling makeup and and what not like selling different services in regards to makeup and and beautification products. Why not just how the overall look feel and functionality of the website. It is you know is what you will review. Like you just review all that other cases. I review like something like a simulated banking application are assimilated loaning application. Um
SPEAKER_R: That.
SPEAKER_L: You know like and stuff stuff that everyone uses like on a the basis for the most part, even if you don't spend a lot, some some people still have banking apps or do banking online or purchase products online and you know it will even if you don't necessarily go out and do all those things a lot. It's still relevant to some degree. Thank
SPEAKER_R: I would definitely check that out. Thank you for that.
SPEAKER_L: you for rev. Um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: Because I would love to get into online transcriptions simple, hoping for the fact that. Uh
SPEAKER_R: What I like about the red site is they pay you every monday by paypal whether you worked a ladder a little and you don't have to commit to in time frame or any number of minutes. You do have to keep your quality rating up. And if you get to have two levels, if you get to the second level then you get first crack um at the transcriptions. but their website that you need to claim work you can you know kind of try a file see if it's for you. You have some time to uh kind of discard the file or put it back in the queue if you think that it's gonna be too hard for you. And they have all different lengths. So from I think the shortest one I've seen has been like a minute um up to over an hour and a half. So if you like long file
SPEAKER_L: which
SPEAKER_R: short files you get to just kind
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: of sort the work and pull out the stuff that you like and then they have a forum where people help you or give you tips and um you know help you find ways
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: to get faster if that's what you want to do or if there's a difficult um sounding file.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not
SPEAKER_R: They have a little place where you can post it and get more experienced
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: thanksgiving.
SPEAKER_R: to help you. Mhm. That's kind of a nice community.
SPEAKER_L: That's good to hear. Um It's always good to hear that there is a community behind something
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: one,
SPEAKER_L: you know like these websites um especially because I want to use this like more of a stepping stone to up my ability to do other things. Because think about transcribing is that it's kind of like a subset of data entry except it's more alive in terms of you know where you're getting the actual data from instead of going through a bunch of worthy files or not, you're actually listening to a conversation and you're breaking it down and typing it out. Uh And I would love to get into that. I think it would be beneficial for any number of reasons, especially to improve my typing speed and accuracy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and I've been surprised, I thought I was kind of fast
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: when I started, but I guess I wasn't. But I have gotten a lot faster since I've been doing it and they also have a way you can put in your own personalized shortcuts. So in the common words, you can do something that resonates with you. Like most people use BC for because so you never have to type up the college, you just put the sea
SPEAKER_L: People,
SPEAKER_R: and the software that they use. Well, spell that out for you.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's that's actually pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: It sounds like a
SPEAKER_R: is cool. It is nice. Sometimes it's a little bitchy and you'll hear a lot of people complaining about it, but I have found it, you know, a useful way to make some money without having to sit with the set schedule or you know, I can always I can do it from wherever I am. So that's nice. No.
SPEAKER_L: Uh you know, like you said, I am definitely younger. It's funny because actually turned 25 tomorrow,
SPEAKER_R: We'll
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: have to birthday.
SPEAKER_L: you very much. Um I intend to uh even if I do get a new job the next couple of weeks, I intend to use these websites still as a as a way to help me out because I've I've been, I've worked in, you know, manual labor and I worked at desk jobs and I really just came from working from a desk job and I'm I'm kind of, you know, worn out mentally and spiritually. I I really want to start my own business and be my own boss. You know, I thought that my will power should not be limited to bringing someone's employee, you know, like I I indeed want to to do more to make more.
SPEAKER_R: it's definitely the challenge. I was in the corporate world for a long time and then kind of a retired twice, once I retired and then I just insulting and then I retired again and I opened a small store retail like specialty niche bird feeders and birds e which I bought a franchise and you know, even though I had been kind of successful as being an executive, I was not good at the retail,
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: I loved it
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: and I love talking
SPEAKER_L: doing?
SPEAKER_R: with my customers but it was very difficult for me. So I guess when I retired from that I kind of decided I don't want to be responsible for anything anymore, I've had it with that. So I'm at the opposite of your equation, you're looking from, the more I'm looking for. Last, last, last.
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's probably because I'm still young and hot blooded. Yeah, I'm just like, I don't want to I want to be restrained by yeah, by an organization. You know, I wanted to be be free to create to uh explorer to fail to succeed. You know, I just want to make my own path. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: What do you want to make that path in?
SPEAKER_L: That's difficult. Um because immediately were not immediately, but I want to I'm so like in like the ideation slash, you know, um research and planning face, but I wanted to open up a couple of 60 stores and whatnot. And uh you know, you see which one I'm I'm better at, you know, stuff like, like self care products like, you know, um soaps, um deodorant chopstick, lotion, stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you know, it's funny. I know We hit the, I live in a pretty small town and we get the New York Times on Sunday so that I feel like I can at least stay somewhat connected to the rest of the world. And a couple of weeks ago in the Sunday paper, they had all these fairly young people between 25 and 35 probably that we're doing jobs and earning money and they were jobs I had never even heard of. Like even when I read the article, I couldn't exactly
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: understand what it was that those people did and how they monetized it, but they really had, I mean there was so much out there I guess the people that play video games for a living and that's you know that to me was like wow, that's pretty cool if you like to play video games and I think about, you know my brother, he's just a little younger than I was when he was younger. He had been great at that. We did a monotype stack out of it. And you know instagram people who make a living just listing things on instagram. So there's so much out
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: the fuck?
SPEAKER_R: that I guess it's just weird for people to grab and just starting to innovate with if they just have the gumption I guess to do it or they have a couch they can serve on, you know while
SPEAKER_L: The,
SPEAKER_R: they're doing it.
SPEAKER_L: you know, definitely found me a nice couch to surf on for the time being. Yeah. As for the gaming thing, I've I've thought about it. I've like I've thought about it time and time again. And the thing about it is, I mean, yeah, playing video games is definitely fun and uh you know, it can take up a good number of time, especially when you're, you know, recording and editing and live free me, you know, so everyone else can see you play or watch you or influence how you play and whatnot. Um I just put it bluntly. I don't wanna sit down as much, you know? I want to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you get a feel that you know what that person looks like right there in a dark room. They're all pasty, you know, they just have snapback all around them because they can't leave their computer. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I want to get up and move a bit, you know, I just want
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: to, if I am because the thing about it, I've made the ornament before and that was a very, in my opinion, very active process I was up about was over the stove, I was at the sink, I was grabbing ingredients, I was mixing it together, you know? Yeah. And uh it was kind of fun, you know, just being in the kitchen making deodorant, making toothpaste, making mouthwash, just just uh kind of like arts and crafts, but something for something that's actually useful, something that's actually been official today today use, you know, and you can make it smell however you want to smell using the central oils. Um you know, even other ingredients that influence the over a texture and smell and feel of, you know, the finished product.
SPEAKER_R: Oh and I definitely think especially today there is a market for something that has organic quality ingredients, you know where it came from, it's not full of a lot of chemicals. I you can see that you know I make a lot of my own I guess I would even say I make it, I use a lot of vinegar and essential oils and things like that um to claim. And a lot of my friends do even though we're kind of over um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: you know we're so old that wouldn't remember when that's what our parents used to, you know. So did you find it on that? Well? Well, so I think that would be successful. It's just you know the time and I know when I have my own store and you have to do everything right, you're going to not only make
SPEAKER_L: Accommodation
SPEAKER_R: your products,
SPEAKER_L: prices.
SPEAKER_R: you got to market them,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you have to do the social networking for them, but to do the demos and see if you're going to go to any kind of um you know farmers market or makers market, it's a lot
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. It's uh it's definitely something I'm not gonna just, you know, I like I like I've been doing most of my life kinda headlong and headstrong into things just kind of rushing into things just getting right into it and being reckless. I'm I definitely want to slow myself down. Um You know as I'm getting older, I'm trying to realize all of my mistakes have been me rushing things are being irrational here and there. I'm trying to be less reckless and be more more reserved, more well studied. You know, I just want to a two DP research and do you know a lot of demos as you say. Um And a lot of research to all of the the ways to market and research and plan things out to make it all come together because it's at the end of the day, it's just a foundation for something much, much greater. And I want to reach that summit and go beyond it.
SPEAKER_R: well good luck with that.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. I'm, uh, I just, I don't know. I mean, I was planning to do something really crazy and I wanted to get into, I want to be a scientist and discover all kinds of things, make all kinds of things. But uh, nowadays, all right, A little bit more level headed, more down tires.
SPEAKER_R: well I'm so bad at math, I could never have been appliances.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm. Yeah, mouth is a, I used to think that mathematics was easy back in high school and college, but it's a, it's something that I felt was not explain very well in schools because the thing about mathematics and a lot of other subjects is that they are actually do come together very well. There is a history behind mathematics, you know, it's not just it's not just a tool, it's a it's a semi living entity, you know, it's a part of you, you know just because you can do one plus one equals two, you know that that's still mhm. A part of reality, you know, as you interact with reality and interpreting it, it's a it's complex and simple at the same time, but a lot of people see the complex side of it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can live without math as long as I have my calculator I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, that's the thing. I mean back when I was just going to say, you know, you want to have your calculators in the real world, but
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's all we have is a real world now, isn't it?
SPEAKER_L: all we have is calculators and we have these um our cell phones are used supercomputers, it's just in your pocket, you know like I can use the calculator, I can use it to map things, you know, like it's and then there's so many apps, you know, applications that I can use on my phone, like part of me wants to get into making applications for cell phones. But that's a that that worked there. I mean, even though it's just mathematics and encoding and when I've never done coding or programming in my life to that degree at least, so I'm like, oh, that's that's taking a few classes. That's a big investment. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's definitely a skill. And then to be proficient in the platforms, you know the android platform, the Apple platform. I have worked with people that could, you know, create a great app for Apple, but it would be so glitchy when we tested it for the android platform and the other way around. So it's definitely something to think about though. It's fun if you like the programming and you like, I guess see the results, but yeah. Hard.
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they're always uh there's always these different operating systems. And even though android and and the Apple system are at the top, there's a whole bunch of new ones are coming up from the bottom.
SPEAKER_R: So just think how much there is to learn, but you're young, You have time doing everything, anything you want.
SPEAKER_L: I feel that, you know, you can learn any time, even if it's a bit slower, you know.
SPEAKER_R: You know what? You definitely can. But I think the desire, like it's not that I don't I don't want to say I don't want to learn anything. But if I look at something that has a two or three year timeframe to get really proficient in it and I'm like, no thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm playing there
SPEAKER_R: But I did
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: set our timer, I think we've hit our 25 minutes. Is that what you're not show?
SPEAKER_L: Let me see. Yes. Mine says 25 as well.
SPEAKER_R: We're good. So I'm going to go back to my transcription work.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right. All right. Thank you very much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you. Thanks for joining me in. So we'll see how we'll see how this survey turns out.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. You
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: have a good one
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Bye bye.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.