Hello.
I cannot see you. Can you see me?
Black
hair?
Yeah.
And
I
don't think that did it.
What
what do you think it matters that we don't have the video?
and just so they can record it they just can't see the video I guess we'll find out.
Mhm. But will give us some time maybe it just has to refresh itself. Do you do a lot of the online surveys?
it's
Oh that's good.
So do you get a notification when there's a new survey or needs to have to check it?
Thanks.
and
that's good. I usually do online transcriptions but so then I can have that window open and just kind of check it every once in
But the online transcription work really slows down on the side I use
between now and you know like over the holidays so there hasn't been so I have to
kind of remember to keep looking for serving. I've missed a couple um Just because I forgot to look.
I think.
you try rev dot com
rev are in green? Do you like victor? Are you dot com? From what I've heard, it's your than a lot of the other ones? Um It doesn't pay as much as the other ones. But I think that's kind of the trade off that's a little easier to
get accepted and to start doing work. I
can't
decide what does it say? Um You know a lot of the other rivers, I can tell from their comments on the forum that they really wouldn't be able to get another job where they have some reason they couldn't do a full time job. So I never can tell if they're really providing a great benefit for that employee based or they're completely explaining that employee based because it doesn't pay very well at all. But you know sit at home and do it in your pajamas.
Seven.
Plus it's so fast and it doesn't interfere with anything you can do when during a commercial. So it's a nice movie like that
meat
will mean tour.
Thank you.
And
And
go
is it called?
Just like that? That's like it sounds I will check that
one out too.
And what is my uncle again?
What
I used to you know see that you know one of the companies I worked for? So I think I would enjoy that.
What?
Yeah. That sounds like good. That's pretty good. So you sound like you're a little bit younger and I think because I'm retired I think sometimes they don't qualify for as many um surveys that someone who's you know probably more at more and more
active demographic, you know spending more working more things like that. I think that mixing this out on a lot of the surveys.
That.
I would definitely check that out. Thank you for that.
Right.
What I like about the red site is they pay you every monday by paypal whether you worked a ladder a little and you don't have to commit to in time frame or any number of minutes. You do have to keep your quality rating up. And if you get to have two levels, if you get to the second level then you get first crack um at the transcriptions. but their website that you need to claim work you can you know kind of try a file see if it's for you. You have some time to uh kind of discard the file or put it back in the queue if you think that it's gonna be too hard for you. And they have all different lengths. So from I think the shortest one I've seen has been like a minute um up to over an hour and a half. So if you like long file
short files you get to just kind
of sort the work and pull out the stuff that you like and then they have a forum where people help you or give you tips and um you know help you find ways
to get faster if that's what you want to do or if there's a difficult um sounding file.
They have a little place where you can post it and get more experienced
people
to help you. Mhm. That's kind of a nice community.
Good
one,
Yeah, and I've been surprised, I thought I was kind of fast
when I started, but I guess I wasn't. But I have gotten a lot faster since I've been doing it and they also have a way you can put in your own personalized shortcuts. So in the common words, you can do something that resonates with you. Like most people use BC for because so you never have to type up the college, you just put the sea
and the software that they use. Well, spell that out for you.
It
is cool. It is nice. Sometimes it's a little bitchy and you'll hear a lot of people complaining about it, but I have found it, you know, a useful way to make some money without having to sit with the set schedule or you know, I can always I can do it from wherever I am. So that's nice. No.
We'll
have to birthday.
it's definitely the challenge. I was in the corporate world for a long time and then kind of a retired twice, once I retired and then I just insulting and then I retired again and I opened a small store retail like specialty niche bird feeders and birds e which I bought a franchise and you know, even though I had been kind of successful as being an executive, I was not good at the retail,
I loved it
and I love talking
with my customers but it was very difficult for me. So I guess when I retired from that I kind of decided I don't want to be responsible for anything anymore, I've had it with that. So I'm at the opposite of your equation, you're looking from, the more I'm looking for. Last, last, last.
What do you want to make that path in?
yeah, you know, it's funny. I know We hit the, I live in a pretty small town and we get the New York Times on Sunday so that I feel like I can at least stay somewhat connected to the rest of the world. And a couple of weeks ago in the Sunday paper, they had all these fairly young people between 25 and 35 probably that we're doing jobs and earning money and they were jobs I had never even heard of. Like even when I read the article, I couldn't exactly
understand what it was that those people did and how they monetized it, but they really had, I mean there was so much out there I guess the people that play video games for a living and that's you know that to me was like wow, that's pretty cool if you like to play video games and I think about, you know my brother, he's just a little younger than I was when he was younger. He had been great at that. We did a monotype stack out of it. And you know instagram people who make a living just listing things on instagram. So there's so much out
there
that I guess it's just weird for people to grab and just starting to innovate with if they just have the gumption I guess to do it or they have a couch they can serve on, you know while
they're doing it.
you get a feel that you know what that person looks like right there in a dark room. They're all pasty, you know, they just have snapback all around them because they can't leave their computer. Yeah.
And
Oh and I definitely think especially today there is a market for something that has organic quality ingredients, you know where it came from, it's not full of a lot of chemicals. I you can see that you know I make a lot of my own I guess I would even say I make it, I use a lot of vinegar and essential oils and things like that um to claim. And a lot of my friends do even though we're kind of over um
you know we're so old that wouldn't remember when that's what our parents used to, you know. So did you find it on that? Well? Well, so I think that would be successful. It's just you know the time and I know when I have my own store and you have to do everything right, you're going to not only make
your products,
you got to market them,
you have to do the social networking for them, but to do the demos and see if you're going to go to any kind of um you know farmers market or makers market, it's a lot
well good luck with that.
well I'm so bad at math, I could never have been appliances.
Yeah, I can live without math as long as I have my calculator I guess.
Yes, that's all we have is a real world now, isn't it?
Yeah, that's definitely a skill. And then to be proficient in the platforms, you know the android platform, the Apple platform. I have worked with people that could, you know, create a great app for Apple, but it would be so glitchy when we tested it for the android platform and the other way around. So it's definitely something to think about though. It's fun if you like the programming and you like, I guess see the results, but yeah. Hard.
Right.
So just think how much there is to learn, but you're young, You have time doing everything, anything you want.
You know what? You definitely can. But I think the desire, like it's not that I don't I don't want to say I don't want to learn anything. But if I look at something that has a two or three year timeframe to get really proficient in it and I'm like, no thanks.
But I did
set our timer, I think we've hit our 25 minutes. Is that what you're not show?
We're good. So I'm going to go back to my transcription work.
Yeah. Thank you. Thanks for joining me in. So we'll see how we'll see how this survey turns out.
I'm
thank you. Bye bye.