Okay. I should use my mike. Okay. Uh
can you see me?
I can see you. I'm
sorry.
Let's see. Look and fix my camera here. Um
Uh huh. I'm not sure what's going on. I do apologize for this. The using a very weird setup to use my cell phone as a webcam. And I guess it's a causing some weird errors on my end. Mhm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. That's weird. What
like menu? Mm hmm. She camera. Yeah. Don't let me update my camera. I tried to I hope
that.
Uh huh. I'm
sorry about this.
Um It's it will probably matter for me. I might get dinged, but you might not because I mean, I can clearly see you. Um You can hear me, we can hear each other so.
Yeah. And we can always just put a note end when we uh the overall track that, you know, hey, my video wasn't working. Um I've had it worked before, you know, using a similar setup, so I'm not entirely sure what's going on because it's showing that my video on my end is working in another window, so.
Yeah. Actually um I tried to as many as possible um but sometimes it's harder to catch up or you know, to find them. Um So actually today I set up a uh like google
chrome extension to uh monitor the page, the prolific page to see, you know, we know update and show a uh surveys for me to do.
So that was easier for me to keep up with stuff like this and it's called. Yeah, I have a hair uh this still a web monitor
so how it works is that it just the way I haven't said the way that it works, it will monitor an entire page, like a web page if you have it set to if there's any changes in the web page, any at all. Well uh after it refreshes its search because it it like it refreshed the page whenever it searches the page. Uh huh. You know, I'll give you like a little ding or
whatever alarm song that you said it too. So once you hear the little ding or whatever alarm you said it to you go go over to the paint your check it if there's something there because it just searches for any difference is not necessarily just a new um survey. Sometimes it could just be like a a web error or a notification from the page itself. Okay. So
it's while it's a possibility open ended right now, it's still very useful.
Thank you.
What's that?
I've
never done, I mean I've looked into online
transcriptions and um and I could type fairly fast. I've never actually been like able to do it. Like I've like I've subscribed to a couple of when I described by to a couple of uh a website center and I haven't got anything back. What
does it call it?
Reviews.
So
it's like
Yeah. And and and that's the, that's the thing with trying to find anything meaningful, you know, for general income
online is as difficult to sort of the the expectation from the actual legitimate. So, so I mean right now prolific has, has helped me out with a little bit of pocket change. I can't really talk about about prolific. I actually enjoy it. Yeah.
And and honestly, this is my first time doing one of these uh these live
conversation
and only from my camera to kind of just, you know, not, not work, but that's, that's fine. I'll have to see if I can get another welcome to actually set this up later on. Um, and I also, in addition to using prolific,
I also do a couple of other um, survey sites, you know, because you can never, you can never rely on just one,
y'all at the double up, you know, get multiple of them. So I use a prolific and also use something called Prize Rebel, which is a lot of surveys. It's far more uh, what's the time before her like kinda grind e than prolific
certificates
from your heart. Uh,
Prize Rebel. Yes,
I'm
definitely check out ref because, uh, because right now I'm currently unemployed. Um, and you know, I've, I've got a little bit of struggle. So I'm just trying to make some basic phone bill in meat. And so I've been using a bit of price uh little bit price rebel uh prolific. And I've also been using something else known as user testing and uh it's you require like a like a headphone and mic or not or something to sort good internet, a nice quiet environment, kind of like what you have right now. Um And then what you do is you review like website, so why not? And you speak out loud, you think aloud, you view everything about the website, you follow the task that it gives you. Um And there's even a mobile app version that allows you to do like sometimes service and you have to think and talk out loud or review an app. Um In one case I even was able to download an entire game prototype. Okay. It was yeah.
it's called it user testing is is just as plain as it sounds, it's
just.
Yeah. And I've been trying to find more user testing websites. Like it it's just that this one is just called user testing and it has like a blue and white logo and website. And it's just it's just at the top of the list in terms of user testing websites. It's very good. I've learned a lot of, you know, emergency food and supply
me with it. Um it usually pays about 10 per Protest that you qualify for $10. Um So I've I've uh I've been able to pay bills with it.
All
I mean, some some of them are just as simple as uh I've done one that's just as simple as reviewing how website looks and works and uh and how the which like what you think about, like I've reviewed a website that was all about, um, you know, selling makeup and and what not like selling different services in regards to makeup and and beautification products. Why not just how the overall look feel and functionality of the website. It is you know is what you will review. Like you just review all that other cases. I review like something like a simulated banking application are assimilated loaning application. Um
You know like and stuff stuff that everyone uses like on a the basis for the most part, even if you don't spend a lot, some some people still have banking apps or do banking online or purchase products online and you know it will even if you don't necessarily go out and do all those things a lot. It's still relevant to some degree. Thank
you for rev. Um
Because I would love to get into online transcriptions simple, hoping for the fact that. Uh
which
is
like
I'm not
for
thanksgiving.
That's good to hear. Um It's always good to hear that there is a community behind something
like
you know like these websites um especially because I want to use this like more of a stepping stone to up my ability to do other things. Because think about transcribing is that it's kind of like a subset of data entry except it's more alive in terms of you know where you're getting the actual data from instead of going through a bunch of worthy files or not, you're actually listening to a conversation and you're breaking it down and typing it out. Uh And I would love to get into that. I think it would be beneficial for any number of reasons, especially to improve my typing speed and accuracy.
Thank you.
People,
Well that's that's actually pretty cool.
It sounds like a
Uh you know, like you said, I am definitely younger. It's funny because actually turned 25 tomorrow,
thank
you very much. Um I intend to uh even if I do get a new job the next couple of weeks, I intend to use these websites still as a as a way to help me out because I've I've been, I've worked in, you know, manual labor and I worked at desk jobs and I really just came from working from a desk job and I'm I'm kind of, you know, worn out mentally and spiritually. I I really want to start my own business and be my own boss. You know, I thought that my will power should not be limited to bringing someone's employee, you know, like I I indeed want to to do more to make more.
How
you
doing?
Uh It's probably because I'm still young and hot blooded. Yeah, I'm just like, I don't want to I want to be restrained by yeah, by an organization. You know, I wanted to be be free to create to uh explorer to fail to succeed. You know, I just want to make my own path. Mhm.
That's difficult. Um because immediately were not immediately, but I want to I'm so like in like the ideation slash, you know, um research and planning face, but I wanted to open up a couple of 60 stores and whatnot. And uh you know, you see which one I'm I'm better at, you know, stuff like, like self care products like, you know, um soaps, um deodorant chopstick, lotion, stuff like that.
Mhm.
What
the fuck?
The,
you know, definitely found me a nice couch to surf on for the time being. Yeah. As for the gaming thing, I've I've thought about it. I've like I've thought about it time and time again. And the thing about it is, I mean, yeah, playing video games is definitely fun and uh you know, it can take up a good number of time, especially when you're, you know, recording and editing and live free me, you know, so everyone else can see you play or watch you or influence how you play and whatnot. Um I just put it bluntly. I don't wanna sit down as much, you know? I want to. Yeah.
I want to get up and move a bit, you know, I just want
to, if I am because the thing about it, I've made the ornament before and that was a very, in my opinion, very active process I was up about was over the stove, I was at the sink, I was grabbing ingredients, I was mixing it together, you know? Yeah. And uh it was kind of fun, you know, just being in the kitchen making deodorant, making toothpaste, making mouthwash, just just uh kind of like arts and crafts, but something for something that's actually useful, something that's actually been official today today use, you know, and you can make it smell however you want to smell using the central oils. Um you know, even other ingredients that influence the over a texture and smell and feel of, you know, the finished product.
Okay.
Accommodation
prices.
What?
Mhm. Yeah. It's uh it's definitely something I'm not gonna just, you know, I like I like I've been doing most of my life kinda headlong and headstrong into things just kind of rushing into things just getting right into it and being reckless. I'm I definitely want to slow myself down. Um You know as I'm getting older, I'm trying to realize all of my mistakes have been me rushing things are being irrational here and there. I'm trying to be less reckless and be more more reserved, more well studied. You know, I just want to a two DP research and do you know a lot of demos as you say. Um And a lot of research to all of the the ways to market and research and plan things out to make it all come together because it's at the end of the day, it's just a foundation for something much, much greater. And I want to reach that summit and go beyond it.
Thank you. I'm, uh, I just, I don't know. I mean, I was planning to do something really crazy and I wanted to get into, I want to be a scientist and discover all kinds of things, make all kinds of things. But uh, nowadays, all right, A little bit more level headed, more down tires.
Mm hmm. Yeah, mouth is a, I used to think that mathematics was easy back in high school and college, but it's a, it's something that I felt was not explain very well in schools because the thing about mathematics and a lot of other subjects is that they are actually do come together very well. There is a history behind mathematics, you know, it's not just it's not just a tool, it's a it's a semi living entity, you know, it's a part of you, you know just because you can do one plus one equals two, you know that that's still mhm. A part of reality, you know, as you interact with reality and interpreting it, it's a it's complex and simple at the same time, but a lot of people see the complex side of it.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, that's the thing. I mean back when I was just going to say, you know, you want to have your calculators in the real world, but
all we have is calculators and we have these um our cell phones are used supercomputers, it's just in your pocket, you know like I can use the calculator, I can use it to map things, you know, like it's and then there's so many apps, you know, applications that I can use on my phone, like part of me wants to get into making applications for cell phones. But that's a that that worked there. I mean, even though it's just mathematics and encoding and when I've never done coding or programming in my life to that degree at least, so I'm like, oh, that's that's taking a few classes. That's a big investment. Yeah.
hmm.
Yeah, they're always uh there's always these different operating systems. And even though android and and the Apple system are at the top, there's a whole bunch of new ones are coming up from the bottom.
I feel that, you know, you can learn any time, even if it's a bit slower, you know.
Yeah, I'm playing there
and
Let me see. Yes. Mine says 25 as well.
Yeah. All right. All right. Thank you very much.
definitely. You
have a good one
Bye.