oh hi sorry my music was still playing and I wasn't sure if it was coming through.
so you're gonna need before.
that's kind of funny. Yeah I did it earlier this week but the other person didn't show up so I was just like I don't know what's happening, nothing is there, I'm just gonna sit and I ended up like leaving it open and working and 20 like 15 minutes went by and I was like oh I should be closing this I guess. I don't know if I'm being recorded just like music on it was saying I was like yeah I hope they're not like I don't know. That's funny though that she couldn't see you yep. So yeah I don't know we're supposed to just talk about like whatever. Oh you have a dog?
that's
awesome. What's her?
He's oh yeah I have three dogs and four cats. I'm very they're not in the room with me now but they're all downstairs so they probably will be barking at some point. But yeah I love them. They're like my favorite family. How old is? Hey?
That's how
old man. One of mine is.
What does that mean? Is it like uh just
different
brands?
How?
That makes sense because we do a raw diet for our dogs and our older one though we have to cook all of his food because he's 19 actually. So he like is very old um somehow and uh you know we have to cook all of his food because we don't want to risk like anything with the raw food bacteria or any like the younger ones can handle it. But so I get that. Yeah. Thanks a lot of time. But yeah.
Do you have any other your animals?
Well
my god.
There's this Youtube video of um this guy who spent I guess it was probably during quarantine, like at the beginning of when everything was going down and he spent this time he's on a youtube star or whatever. I don't really know. But he set up a whole course for squirrels. Because have you like, you should look it up if you ever
have time
because
my
Yes. And now we have pumpkins still outside and the squirrels are eating like they eat all the corn off of our like corn stalks and now they're eating the pumpkins and the dogs go crazy every single time they see like the squirrel just sitting there. But it's like eating so much and we're like, wait, are you pregnant? Are you fat gus I started taking my own photos of it because I was like, well that's hilarious actually.
You know,
In the house.
I'm
they
were in
her
territory. I can't believe became in the house.
Yeah, that's smart. In our old house, we have like a mouse come in and I was like, oh, poor mouse. That's not going to be good for me. That's not going to end well. I all the cats were all about it. I was like, oh, but the dogs, yeah, my dog was killed a possum, so I get it. And then you're like, oh no, what
am I supposed to do now? This is terrible.
Yeah. Oh my God, that would be terrifying for one dog. Come
on. His
seven.
Did the kind of these come into your yard like are they like not scared
or?
so
while
Oh wow. So yeah, she's probably, oh, that was, she's got probably a bunch of wildlife friends. Oh, she's got,
I mean,
rabbit wouldn't be there if there's coyotes so
wow your dog's gotta love being having all that land. So like rhetoric.
maybe over the horizon.
She
like
almost
also
all
as I'm just imagining how in T. V. Shows are always like yeah your dog went to go live on the farm or whatever you know? But really it's a farm, there's hundreds of dogs there. They just all live there wow that's pretty cool actually. But yeah your dog I don't know like so many
mm It's probably like a whole bunch of like I don't even know interpersonal relationships and stuff hierarchy.
Well that's crazy then. They are like they are just together.
that's that's crazy. Uh huh.
Yeah I know playing with them. We have a dog park we go to when they get to run around there.
that's
hard.
nobody we just uh well.
They're like why doesn't she want to go now? It's just the way she is. She doesn't like the car. It's not
me. I swear it's the fact that I'm holding the car keys. Oh does she shake in the car like? Like is that how you
know?
Too nervous to defeat.
That's
I can live with the coyotes now.
And you guys? That's so crazy there. So that's so interesting. I love that they each have their own personalities and it comes out in those ways, tired
her out. Just be like everything is fine going down. Yeah. Oh yeah.
Well that's cute.
What?
Uh Let me ask you, did you may do that on purpose? That africa
She makes her own but yeah, the 19 year old who's downstairs. He's ripped apart our couch actually right now is ripped like the other day, I went downstairs and the couch somehow he got under the couch cushion, the couch cover and like this protective cover. And there was just like the inside stuffing everywhere. I was like all right, what it looked like. I
don't know. It looked like somebody had stabbed it with a knife. It was just everywhere. And so I was like okay, so I'm just gonna like clean you out of here and put you over here. And then he crawled into a cat bed. He's not the size of the cat, curled up and went to bed. I was like, oh my God, do you know who you are? You senile, you just have so much energy that you tore up the couch and then you packed up like beyond reasonable to anyway. Would you do that? Yeah,
cost a lot of money to fix everything. It's just all of them since there's so many of them and they're all like rescue. So that's kind of how we ended up like the one we found on the streets in the city, just like alone, running around, didn't have anywhere to go. Um
Didn't have cholera on, didn't have wasn't chipped. We searched all of the um like everywhere, like all the shelters, all of the donate adoption places, Nobody has seen it. Put up flyers, reached out on social media, nobody really bonded. And then we found like she was so skinny. Um And had these like pellets like from a pellet gone. No a b b gun, she's like bds under her skin. I was like oh oh no. Yeah we're gonna go. Like we tried to find a house for her
and we ended up falling in love with her
like I guess we have a third dog now. Yeah. I don't know. That's how they all ended up having like happening. And I never I'm allergic to all of them. It wasn't until I got into like this house and I'm like okay, I basically have kids. There are a lot of work.
opposite three dogs. And
for
cats
they all just end up like popping up. Yeah. I was never really planned that way. But I don't know the one we found on the street, like right outside, we were driving home and there's like this kitten, one of the cats, I mean this kitten, she's like this big and has this is not all over her, like all over her face, like, oh man, you're so disgusting. But she was left on the street by her mom I guess. And so we took her into like kind of clean her off because there's no way she was going to survive the night. She was like very sick, pneumonia, everything clean her off now. She's this big fat grey cat just like lounges everywhere. Like at the time she was so small that we could like put her on her shoulder, she sneezed into our my ear was like
so girls why don't you just squeeze it out here? She's like, your mind now cleaned her off. She we thought she was blind because she kept walking into walls and stuff and now she's just like really tried to, well we're going to bring you back to life, we're going to keep you. And then well we weren't gonna keep her, there's other cats that we brought in that we eventually did find a home for, but the ones that we are like, no, you actually fit in. So if you can fit in with like these other six animals all right, we're probably not going to find another one. Like you we'll keep you Yeah, there are
a huge part of my life essentially just being home like all the time now, I'm just like constantly around them. Yeah.
Oh yes, I get to be with my person. Yeah. And they're getting more walks at least here. Like we have we don't really
have a yard, so we have to like get them out and either go to the dog park or go for walks. So it's like hours just to get them all energized. It's good. But it's like, thank God I'm at from home because there's no other way you guys are getting all of this. What were you doing before? How are we handling this?
it probably is
20 acres, wow.
for
it sounds like you're living at the dog's dream rabbits. Oh my gosh. Yeah, that's awesome.
Well that would be, yeah, that's always something difficult. I don't
know. Like we, yeah, after this were like, well we can never rent a house again because we have doubled in size so we have to, the next month that we get is going to have to be bought. So, but like, it's just a weird time right now. There's not really like it's just crazy to like make plans anything permanent. It's just not really making sense. Well, which is annoying because I like to know what's going to happen, but
actually,
I
don't think it's totally
different. Oh my God, yes. Going from like, oh man. Yeah, that would be different. But who knows? Like, I don't know, I can do this life. I can't really do. I think if I had that many acres, I would probably think somebody was hiding out there. That's my go to, if you like, who's on my yard? Wait.
I have a sexual injuries.
Yeah,
that makes sense. Well, new york city. But as you interview, I'm assuming.
You know?
Yeah, literally it's everything is. Mhm
that's
true.
that's
what I do with any time with the cages. I'm like, okay, so where am I saying? So what's like in that area like what can I walk to do? We need to get a car. I love it. And then I get really into it. And then if the kids cancel them like, so I'm never going to go to that restaurant. I did all this research that's only happened as but I do I like to know what's happening first. So I like don't feel like I'm scrambling once I'm there depending on who I'm with I guess. But yeah, having planned for anything like that in a long, long time. But yeah, maybe soon. Hopefully soon we're going into lockdown again. So yeah, we just got rolled out. So we're all like not complete lockdown. Not exactly how it was, but like anybody who can work from home has two unless you're like at a grocery stores or essential. Um And um like gyms are closed again, Anything open like museums and stuff. Everything is just like closed. So it's like all right. I get it. I totally understand because there's people who are not like who I see like kind of not taking it seriously and like going out and doing things and tons of people are getting infected. So like, okay, that's, that's max uh
or
Yeah. So you can't even like, like if you're, if the government's going to help provide anything for testing or whatever, where is that coming from? Oh my gosh, Yeah. I never actually thought of it that way. I don't like, I don't really know
because
gosh, yeah, I'll see random things that are still open and I'm like, hmm, I don't get it. Like our schools, some of the schools are open some or not. So it's really
mixed. So it's like, okay, but if this kids in school and this kid is not in school, the kid in school who goes and hangs out with this kid, like what's the point if they might as well be in school or like or opposite of that? Like, I don't know, but we're all going back to virtual school. So my friends a teacher and she's just like, I had to find out from the news that we're not going back because I was told I had to be back in the classroom next week, but
the news told me that's not happening. So I really wish people would community. I was like wow. And she's with kindergartners and kindergarteners on zoom or like she doesn't
even sometimes she just sits there and they're all like blah blah blah blah. She's just like hardly we're gonna try to write your name, like hold up your pad of paper
like it's just a mess
and
they don't really, I mean she she says every time it's like it's a it's so exhausting, it's like running a marathon in your brain and like you can't always control what the kids are gonna say. So like the housing, like not all kids come from families that don't curse. So all of a sudden you have a five year old who's yelling out curse words and she's like trying to mute them for the classroom, but like classroom is virtual and who actually knows. Yeah, I don't know. It's like, it's just crazy. It's crazy. I can do I do soon with like teenagers and they mostly are just like, like they just stare you like where they like their head down and they're clearly like on their phone and I'm like okay, like let's where let's participate everybody and they're just like, mhm. You know, they're 10 years, so it's totally different than being in a classroom being like, okay, like everybody put your phones away because they're like, it is a way, it's right, it's away And then you see them and they're like, no, that's not what you're supposed to be doing. Yeah.
Yeah,
They have to do the whole like half of them, some of them right now we're going for half days and then they do virtual like on other days and they switch and then some of them are open for everybody and that's why we're just like, what? I don't know. It's just the districts are deciding and it's, it's a lot based on like what the parents want, which is good, but not all the parents are communicating what they want. So then it's like who is winning? Nobody, nobody knows. The kids aren't winning. Like that's the only thing that I know from watching it all happened. Something I don't know.
And
What?
Yeah. That's yeah. I don't know. I don't like it because I'm just like, I know it feels dumb, but I don't, I just, I want to wear it even if I'm walking my dog just to be like, I don't know. I don't know. It's supposed to help. I'm just gonna do it because I don't know.
Oh my God. Yeah, you're right. Yes, exactly. Oh my God, my sisters in California and she was saying the same thing. She's like the master that I bought for Covid is not doing it with snow. Like I need a better mask because this is not good. But those masks are all gone and I can't find them on amazon. And I was like,
the
person, she's with this news reporter and they were sending them into like close to the fire to report on the smoke, not only on the fire, but the smoke was like in their face and they still didn't have the right masks and I was like
like why are you not providing these masks? Yeah, that's right. You would have to because that's
bring up pollution.
Oh, come on. Great advice. Thank you for that. I guess. I'll just stay still, wow. Yeah. That's stressful. That's so stressful. Have the fires die down or are they still going?
people are like keep going too embarrassing. Oh my God. Okay.
Yeah, because she she started going outside again so I was like, I guess it's better I guess.
wow, that's so that's the wet season. Yeah,
interesting.
Yeah. Last rate for five days straight. And I was like I cannot, I cannot with Yeah. That's crazy.
Sorry.
I
don't
I know.
What?
And it wasn't probably wasn't thinking.
Oh my God,
No.
it's over. Oh I live out there though. Okay. I'm gonna Okay, how's all the bridge Southbridge open? Okay. I'm like I, wow, that's really intense. Oh,
whether that is crazy. Okay.
The 20 people who use it are respectful of that bridge won't go under there. Can you look at my window without seeing graffiti? That's nice. That's nice. Good. Yeah, but that most people just aren't there you think? But
I'm sorry my internet like going in and out but I heard all of that, wow.
wow, mm.
Yes, you're like what's going on? Something's up, something's different, this is not normal. I'm immediately like crime is happening, it's kind of crime. Yeah.
Or
of
course,
centuries.
No.
Can you imagine? Like where's the car?
No, I know.
I know. What did you do?
It is
no, that's okay.
Yeah. You got to just enjoy yourself and
yeah. All right. That was this was interesting. Your first
phone
call
money.
Yeah, it was nice
to talk to you
on and on.
Oh no. And then you're just like, wow, the slower I talked, the slower this time is feeling like oh that's fun. All right, well thank you. I guess if we just close this and we go to a survey.