Mhm. Yeah. Well. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hello?
Uh huh nope, I don't hear any music, that's good. Uh
Yeah I've done a couple of them before uh technically three, but the first one I did, the other person couldn't hear or see me at all, so I spent five minutes just sitting there while she you know was talking with somebody else in the room about how she thought it was some psychological experiment to see how long people would wait if nothing happened,
yep there's my puppy dog, usually she doesn't like getting on camera but uh we
met
her name is Hes, yep.
He is it? Uh well she just turned seven last month so
she,
yep she just graduated to uh you know elderly dog food.
I
don't know
yeah same brand but they have different ranges, you know there's puppy food, there's adult food
and then there's seven plus dog food so I guess it's designed so that as her as her body slows down as she gets older, she doesn't get you know as fat or something I don't know,
I can believe it. Yeah.
Uh No no I've got a got a bunch of sparrows that come to the bird feeder
outside and uh and a bunch of chip mar ground squirrels that uh hang around hopefully doesn't look underneath it. But that's about it.
huh.
I've
seen
it is hilarious. It
was the catapult thing. Yeah.
that is yeah,
she does. My dog doesn't care about the ground squirrels at all. Except one day she she discovered they were sneaking in through the dog door and eating her dog food and,
yep in the house and she taped down and killed three of them in a row that day.
Hasn't cared about them before. That day, hasn't cared about them since that day, but if they
came
in the
house,
yeah, it was, it was a poor choice on their part.
I'm
always worried when she sees coyotes because she sees them and thinks, oh it's another puppy dog, we should go play.
so
I
had yellow, I'm yelling at the coyote and trying to call her back. Who?
Well,
Well I lived out in the middle of nowhere in northern Nevada,
so I've got 20 acres and I'm surrounded by, you know, I'm looking
out my window and I can, I can see a farm just over the horizon. The barn is sticking up over the sage brush, but yeah, it's pretty much sage brush to the horizon. Um
I get coyotes that come by occasionally. And uh you know when I when I first moved out here there was a coyote coyote den that I found maybe 100 ft from the house. And uh that was a little nerve racking, but I harassed them every afternoon. They they'd be out
stunning themselves enjoying their afternoon and I'd be out there you know yelling at them and taking pot shots. And uh you know after a few months of that they disappeared. Unless I saw there was a rabbit living in the whole so. Uh
nope.
yeah she does. So I think she'd like having some other dogs neighbors. That'd be nice for her.
Yeah I'm ironically one of my one of my closest neighbours has like hundreds of dogs but she can't play with them. There they are the uh the apocrypha le you know ranch out in the uh you know that dogs go to when they when they can't stay at home anymore. Um The
local
yeah the local shelter in town is a no kill shelter so they take all of the dogs that can't be re homed that can't
be adopted out. So
I mean they've got to go somewhere because it's a no kill shelter but it means they end up living on this you know
ranch all you know? Yeah.
I doubt she could play safely with them.
Yeah. Yeah abused dogs dogs with problems just you know wilden socialised dogs you know so
yeah well they've all got their own cages but what? All right.
Uh huh.
Oh nice nice. Yeah I'd like to take her to dog parks more often but she's she's the one dog in the world that's afraid of riding in a car. It's
crazy.
I mean, she she does it well, she doesn't try to escape or anything like that, but if she thinks I'm trying to get her into the car, she runs and hides in her kennel or if I got her on a leash, she just does, you know, kind of goes limp and digs in her pause, you know?
I always it always makes me feel like an awful doggy parent when I go to pick her up at a candle or something if I've had to go out of town because, you know, she sees me and then she's like, oh crap, that means I'm getting in the car and tries to hide. So
What?
she's
scared of it. Yeah. And I mean even putting like, you know, her favorite treats with her, she just ignores them. She's, you know, it doesn't want to look out the window or anything. So
yeah, and a couple
of times that a problem because I've had to leave to go for work or something and she saw me futzing around with the car and then tried to get her to get her back in the house and she thought I was trying to get her to go in the car, so she ran away and wouldn't let me catch her and I couldn't get her in the house, I couldn't leave for work and
What? Oh yeah, I had to go and I got in the car and I drove around in circles for about a mile uh with her running behind me like 30 miles an hour just to wear her out enough. So when we circled back to the house again, she'd run back inside
What,
mhm
yeah, yep, now she's lying on pillows, my mom just sent us and
looking out the window, she's got she's got her own window, that's just the right height for her to sit on doggy bed and look out.
yep for some reason she she likes to tear apart every dog bed I've ever tried to give her, that's a purpose built dog bed, but she's fine with lying down on pillows, so now I just give her my old worn out pillows and she's got a pile of those as her dog bed
man,
man,
no,
what
what I want,
I can imagine, what would you say you was four dogs, three cats, that's
we
go
forecast. Yeah that's that's a lot of critters
Or
but
Yeah I think my dog definitely enjoys the whole covid thing. That's the best best pandemic ever for her.
No.
Uh yeah I've got uh I've got like 1600 ft area fenced in outside the house with a doggy door that goes to that and then you know the 20 acres beyond that so we go out there for for the long walks and uh I like to say you know we only walked halfway down to the end of the driveway and back and that's enough. Yeah
it's
it's about 100 yards or so to halfway down the driveway and
you know she's running around and bouncing around everywhere doesn't need a leash so you know trying to find rabbits and whatnot. But
Yeah I thought about getting another dog but I don't know um I'm also looking for work so I might have to move and uh you know. Yeah
but
Yeah. Well I guess maybe
another eight or nine months we might have vaccines hopefully. So maybe things will be going back to normal then. But uh yeah I was I was supposed to interview for a job this morning in new york city that would have that would have been an interesting move trying to deal with moving
into
city.
Mhm. Well it's all sage brush, no trees so I can I can see everything.
Yeah I mean I can see my neighbors house but you know to see them. I need binoculars. Uh huh.
But
it was supposed to be a phone interview but they cancelled at the last minute so who
knows?
but it's it's kind of fun you know when you when you get an interview for something like that I start you know looking up the neighborhood online and seeing what apartments are like and you know what's the neighborhood there and you know it's it's kind of fun doing all that research because you know like
you
I like to I like to know what's happening and be able to plan ahead on that kind of thing
and
I've been coming Nevada and they are the governor here is giving a literal mixed message. He's you know saying you know we need to do stay at home 2.0 everybody should stay at home but our casinos are still open, so if you're from California
feel free to come and visit and you know, I can understand why he's doing that because we don't have state taxes here, so unless there's tourism money coming in, there's no money for the state and we're practically bankrupt as it is, so if he doesn't keep stuff going on then well it gets even worse because there's no money to do anything um
he's getting, he's getting a lot of shit for that because you know,
I mean what can you do? Right, right
movement,
and
have,
forever.
Oh yeah, I don't
even know how you do it with kids that young I mean,
man. Yeah
it's gonna be it's gonna be crazy for for kids going to school now I mean.
Yeah I live
far enough out that I have to have a like a private mailbox place in town to pick up like U. P. S. Packages and whatnot. And and the guy who owns it uh he's never wearing a mask and half of his employees aren't wearing masks and
it's uh I don't know.
Earlier that summer I was wearing my mask walking the dog even out here in the middle of nowhere just because the smoke from the fires were so bad.
but I
am.
But yeah.
Yeah I was getting constant
weather reports of you know. Yeah the weather is really bad. Don't just don't go outside. Yeah don't don't breathe you know? Stay inside breathing shallowly. Don't move.
Some of them are still going, I just heard like yesterday or the day before that the you probably heard about that one fire that was started by a gender reveal party. They finally hit 100% containment on it. It's still smoldering some so they haven't charged the people yet there wait until it's completely out before they bring it in charges. But
But
it's been clear here and uh I don't know at least in my neck of the woods it's it's turning into the wet season as well as it gets in the desert. Um You know it actually rained last night so the ground was a little bit moist this morning when I got up. Yeah,
It means
it rains once or twice a month.
And so when I,
when I first moved out here and built this house the winter
after
I got it built, it was crazy apocalyptic for the area rain um filled up the reservoir upstream of me and they had to
just open the damn wide and just let the water just pour out into the canals and they had to cut a hole in the side of the canal and just dump water out into the desert because
it was just too too wet. Um
I've got to Brid two different bridges I can take into town, one or the other and one of them got washed out by the water, it was so bad. Uh and it took them like three years before they were finally able to fix it. Yeah.
Well, I mean, I can understand it because, you know, there was maybe 20
people that use that bridge, but it's not like, you know, a major road, but still it was a little frustrating and you know when it happened at the time I drove into town and just kind of like four did a, you know, a few inches of water on the, on the road surface and then on the way back there was a county employee there with the road blocked off and yep, no roads closed.
it was uh it was interesting. I mean,
to give you, give you an idea about how remote it is. The other bridge that I took went down underneath it once with a kayak and uh no graffiti whatsoever, no graffiti under the bridge at all.
oh, somebody did just jump a car on the side of the road a couple of miles down for me a couple of weeks ago, which was just weird. Uh They guess had it, I mean they had taken a sauce all to this thing, taking the roof off the engine was gone, it's just the framework left and like one quarter panel and I guess they just hold it up in a back of a pickup truck and shoved it off in the middle of the night, so
things are kind of looking here too. Uh Yeah at some point I need to call somebody and see about getting that cleaned up but uh yeah
but and I was kind of startling when I came across in the first because you know somebody parking there is just weird in the first place.
mean there there was one time somebody came out here and was I guess camped out in their van, they had parked on the side of the road for a couple of days and um they weren't far
enough over on the side of the road for for one
of my
neighbors.
So they took a big uh construction uh forklift thing, they had drove
it out there, picked up their car and moved it off to the side off on the side of the road.
well They just shifted over like four ft off
the road. Yeah
it was
rural
problems have rural solutions.
Well I guess we're at about our half hour point
that
was fun
chatting with
you
and
definitely more fun than the first conversation I had with the with the fellow who is just learning english and
I had to speak slowly and carefully the entire time so he could understand me.
yeah there should you should have that other window that you started with. Yeah so have fun