Hello?
Hey how are you?
That's our Mustafa
most of them
with it. Mhm.
No. Strange too soon.
Yeah. Uh 20 years I live in uh in D. C.
I'm
not really following very much. Mhm.
Okay.
I mean like like you have like
to wear a mask and like look if you want to go anywhere
and you have to kind of like you know if you're coming back from another state especially like states will that have like higher cases you have to quarantine like for two weeks and but otherwise like if you're living there it's okay.
You know? That's surprising to know. Uh huh. I didn't know like any state like do this right now.
Yeah.
No. Yes so I actually like I've lived like for for eight years now here but like in the middle I was in college at indiana so It was like two or 3 years a lot of the friends of course.
No no I uh I spent most of my time in D. C. But actually like I went to college in India.
Yeah that's the worst thing ever. Hey you like you're gonna hate yourself if you're in traffic
you can't get
anywhere. And it's like you expect like you're against rush hour but actually your students stuck in traffic every system everywhere. It's but it's not moving but right now like because of the coronavirus and things are like calm down a bit so we don't have the same traffic jams. But still
I started business and for matics
and for matics.
it's it's kind of like computer science and business at the same time. So it's kind of like coding and software engineering at the same time. Like you have like some business knowledge as well.
Great to see you cocoa for years ago.
like most states, like um um I decided to concentrate more on like uh not clothing, a computer, so I'm kind of kind of like more like a freelancer now. Some kind of like doing like independent work.
now I prefer it this way. It's realistic.
Like, like some businesses like right now with like crushing would like to create websites because
because they already didn't have one and now they need one because now now they want people like to schedule like pickups or deliveries or they need like to have a system. So there's mostly what I've been working on, but otherwise like, there are of course like the market is down, everyone is afraid, you know, something everyone's
so it's kind of like so handsome.
we have, but It's not in the hour. Hand three.
different. Yeah, it's better. I like to finish quick and uh and the and yeah, like when you're doing like online classes, some people like that distracted when when they are like doing it. But you know, I prefer like online classes rather than in person to be honest because I just, I want to stay home and just finish it up. The only thing like it would be fun like to go to college is just like to like if I'm like right there in person, it's like maybe like go with the people like two bars and stuff and like enjoy city, but otherwise everything would be better. Like if it's online for me.
All
Perfect.
Mhm. Yeah, like uh but like I especially it's it's hard like if if you were like an introvert or into yourself,
no.
Yeah. So you're you're right. I assume like you're at the university of how I write.
So, so
you're actually traveled to college?
I hate to mm
I feel like in zoom like you can't really find anything like a trial like to find where this is where this is. Mhm
I was
just
yeah, No, no good. So,
so when you're doing like socials were, what are you like what I would say like you're going like with social work?
Reporter.
Look like,
you're gonna you're gonna work when if you're in the midwest,
like I think like that's that's where people like me to help the most.
The flow
of arms.
It's
true.
time living there uh wouldn't have fun. Not at all.
No
way.
No, I I don't know like what's going to happen like the next few days. But it's it's kind of like here in D. C. There's gonna be a marches and stuff. So I hope like they don't cause a lot of trouble because
because here like in D. C. It's a it's really like what I call, it's like a left wing cleaning area. So like when there are people like coming from outside that's like a provocation like what are called and Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. We have those.
Do you have our guns legal as to why or or currently?
Great.
I don't know like who's going what they're going like to read john concern but otherwise like I think everything gets its calm right now. I hope it stays this way kind of like playing soccer like with friends and everything.
Yes, something like that. I wish I was professional.
Yes. Especially soccer like there are like millions of players or professionals and they're very good. Uh huh So
and
Ireland Ireland also don't call 12 oh because Ireland Australia as well because Australia also have like their own folklore kind of like rugby so
Of course I get I watched like uh european games like every week it's like uh it's like you know like like every sunday man and Saturdays are preserved like we're for east on games so Yeah you can mhm You can't just like them, you like to do anything.
No because europe like they kind of
have academies
so everyone is like when you're raised their like for years and also european teams have been like in the game like since more than 100 years. So I mean
The American teams have been like only 30 years or something.
they're trying like to americanize like the league system to make it like an ifad in a way like the same system so it's all three working out like to be fucking idiot league. It's more like kind of like everyone like cause
it's like a retirement league
because like like the european players who are like about to retire and just come here like to spend like the last years of their lives. Yeah.
What?
It's because like there are a lot of like players who want to get in but but they're like not like look it's very competitive to get in there. Right,
okay.
What?
Thank
you.
I would
say.
It's even like you look like a professionals like the same like music or sports,
it's kind of like there are like the top top players like the ones that everyone now and they're kind of like the players who are like just a completing theme too. Same with music. Like you have like a top musicians like on top charts and then there are a couple who are like but people know them but they're not gonna win or it's the result
since
that's levels. So uh so actually like you you mentioned like you're going to have the you're going to help people like and social services like social work. So so do you like work with with an organization or or do you work for something? Public
what?
What? Oh,
yeah,
What?
My
What?
I guess you're gonna call people like online and like, like try to help them, like just like what we're doing now.
What?
Go home.
Great.
What?
So,
What?
It's just expensive in Hawaii?
Yeah. Because I think that there's a lot of the navy like in Hawaii. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. I guess
I can tell I like,
especially right now due to the coronavirus, there are there are like no, no tourism opportunities. Okay.
Right. So
what
I want to ask you something, but I totally forgot
Mhm
mm. Yes. Like uh it's like, like what I would say like it's among like one of the websites like I used for the west purpose like I also use like amazon turk. I don't know if you've heard of it.
It's actually like how you do like Anthony because you really like do do anything like above half half a dollar. These are like the good ones. But like the bottom ones are like by uh like, like I don't want to insult them sometimes. Like they're cheap, you know, so they kind of like red jacks your work because they don't want to pay you.
And they can come up with an excuse like quality is not good. So whatever stupid things like that. Uh
Yeah. But probably like if you like but like from my experience like doing like the top things like the ones the three year pay good they're not not what like uh if you like take it slowly or not gonna received like a lot of rejections. Mhm. So it's kind of fun. I also use like things like user testing.
Yeah. And you.
mm Like sometimes like they give you like a weird tasks like like you like this week like they told me like you have to you have to get a truck and an RV to
test yeah to test like an app.
No it's it's like granted Durant take an RV. It's like I don't know like where's the process like.
No like like I barely have space like for for the car but like getting an RV and truck. That's a that's that's that's gonna make me look out of place really. Uh Pretty much like pretty much like what went like to a trailer park or something to test. Yeah. There was actually like this episode you know Grand Tour.
they once I can't they once like went to like a trailer park in Arizona. It was really is. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. So I guess uh I guess now in which we spend time. Yes. Uh huh.
It says
30
minutes.
Mhm. Yeah. Well this was nice talking to you.
Yeah. Yeah. When you know from the news of if everything explodes or uh or I'm still I'm still there because like if if things get crazy pro probably I'll just come to Hawaii or Alaska or something.
Uh If you can and uh to have like uh can I live in a car?
I guess that's a like if you like, you have like a like stores like with work and life, I I think that they're close now, but.
mm. Mhm.
Yeah, but I mean like, yeah, let's hope things go go
and and good luck luck with your studies.
Look around.