Hello.
I'm good. My name is Alexa, what's your name?
Mustafa is there? He said
master,
nice to meet you.
Um I am 19 and I live in Hawaii. Where are you?
Oh wow. That must be interesting right now with the political climate.
Two different.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Um So how is quarantine? Is it is are the restrictions really bad? And D. C. Are the very strict or
but
Happening.
Yeah. Your department. It sounds, yeah doesn't sound too bad here. We get a lot of um like lockdowns like we were not allowed to really leave your homes just for safety measures. Yeah.
Yeah Hawaii has been a very um strict.
It's a good thing because that means we're one of the states of the lowest amount of cases and deaths. Um So yeah it's a good thing even though it kind of sucks but things that are open now a little bit. Not really you can go out but of course you have to wear a mask and you can't really be with more than, I don't know like five people. Yeah. Yeah that's been interesting. So why are you in D. C. Have you always lived there?
I would imagine. Is your family in indiana or did you just grow up there?
Oh okay. I misunderstood. I've never been to D. C. I've heard the traffic is really bad. Yeah.
Because you can't get anywhere
well.
Yeah let's go to benefit I guess. Of the pandemic. Yeah. What did you go to um university for
business end forensics?
For for matics? I don't think I know that word.
wow. So has that did you did you graduate? Oh okay.
Okay. So it hasn't been like were you able to get a job? What's here degree?
Yes. You're contracted out almost. That's pretty cool. You're, it's like you're independent. It gives you a lot of flexibility.
Mhm. So it has that's been good like during the pandemic. Yeah,
it's just
My grandma.
Sorry to hear that. I hope it gets better. Oh, we hope. Uh
definitely not. We can't, you know, make the rules or pass the legislation, sadly. Okay. Even though we're citizens, um I'm going to university for social social work. So, so now everything has been moved online, like all of our classes are done virtually. It's not very fun. It's been a little difficult. Um Yeah, that I don't know better than better than having to stop going to school completely I think. Yes, that would not be good.
I did also prefer online. I did my first semester of university entirely online and it's definitely better because like you get to do your work when you want almost, you have more time for yourself. Yeah, you get to stay home, which is nice. But now uh now
that I think now it wasn't a choice,
so I think that's why it's not as fun. Yeah, but you're definitely right. The benefit of of university is uh the people and socializing can't really do that now. Uh
Yeah, I am actually, you know what an amber vert is?
It's like a it's like a mix between an extrovert and introvert. It's okay. Yeah, right in the middle. I I thought I was an extrovert for the longest time, definitely. No, the pandemic showed me. I'm definitely not not really. I had to push myself to talk to people almost, you know, because it's so easy to isolate yourself. Um When you're introverted, just keep to yourself. Yeah. Yeah.
No, I'm actually not. I live with my parents, my entire family lives here. Um We're all together, which is really nice. I'm not alone. Uh huh. Yeah.
Well
yeah, before I was commuting um but now we don't don't even do that. Everything is just through the computer. We have to do you heard, have you heard of zoom? Yeah, we have to use zoom for all of our classes. Oh my gosh,
yes, I dislike it very much. Uh huh.
And it's also just I'm sure you understand because your job is kind of almost exclusively computer based, but when you're on zoom for like eight hours and then all of your homework, all of your classwork is also on the computer, it's really draining. Yeah,
not
good.
on. All right.
Yeah. Uh um I have a few goals um first to get my Bachelors of course and then but in the social work field you have to have like a master's degree to like make any kind of money. So I have to get my masters degree as well and I have to be licensed. Um And I think I want to work with um like mental health people who have mental health um issues. I could also work with drug and alcohol addicts. There's so many things you can do with social work. It's really awesome. But yeah, it's basically just about helping people who
are overlooked I guess by society and giving them resources to try to solve there
to help them solve their problems. It's really cool.
In the middle am I going to work in the midwest?
That's funny. Um I have no actually, I guess I could, but uh no, I have no idea. I
had
not considered the midwest at all
to be
honest with you because social work your pushed really hard, They work you really hard and you don't get paid a lot. So the midwest I didn't even consider because they do not pay well. Okay.
I would not want to live in the midwest,
especially
not now, just the political climate, there's so much not good.
From
Uh
I think that's been on everyone's minds, I mean, especially you're literally in the hotbed of like political of politics, but yeah, I would be cautious because we don't know what, how the the right wing are going to react at all here Hawaii is a very like a left leaning state of liberal state, but there's a lot of trump supporters here and they like right around in their trucks, uh they're called in their caravans, caravans are
Mhm Oh it's so I don't know, I'm concerned that they're going to react badly,
gun is really difficult to um like on a gun here thankfully. Yeah,
yeah, I'm definitely scared for like the more midwest states, the southern states. Uh huh Yeah, where they can like what you called, they can carry in public, public open carry. Yeah, I would be very scared. Right? Yes, I'm
Oh yeah, just just getting back to the normal activities, Yeah, so you play soccer, that sounds fun, Are you on a like a um like a team for fun?
Uh huh It's difficult to make it anywhere professionally.
I think it's soccer not as big here as in europe, I feel like it's huge in europe and here there were more focused on football which which they call football. We're the only country that cost.
They can't.
so so you keep up to date on the soccer news
Thanks. So is that you are the U. S. Teams not on the same level as european teens?
Look
you. Mhm.
What,
Oh we're definitely behind general. Okay.
One
a retirement leak.
that's funny, I did not know that at all. Yeah I'm not I don't really get help. I sports
can be fun to watch but here how much football is like important to americans? Like well it gets a little a little scary, I don't know and then it's it's sad I learned about through my university how badly they treat football players. Um Like the rookies are just starting out, it's kind of sad they use them and then they like throw them away. Okay. Mhm.
Yeah all
sports sadly are super competitive. It's sad because there are so many people that are talented but
it's like only the top, I don't actually know percentages or anything, but it feels
like
it's on like the top 5%,, you know really go anywhere are the same
goes
with music to you know like people spend their whole lives dedicated to that because they're passionate about it. But then.
What?
Mhm. It's really sad, it's
a whole hierarchy.
I don't I'm only a junior,
so I just started um my actual majors courses, but next semester I am supposed to, we have what they call practical terms. So you go and you work in the fields with a specific on organization
Yeah, to
get your hands on practice, so I'm supposed to, but because
of the pandemic, they said they might make it online,
which I don't understand how that would work. But yeah, I'm I'm supposed to I was
really looking forward to it, but hell no, fingers crossed. Yeah,
probably. Yeah. That makes
the most sense like virtually speaking with people,
which I'm really grateful
that like we have technology or I guess uh
that I'm from a family that can afford, you know to have this kind of technology
because I know a lot of people don't even have that
now.
Oh yes, it's very expensive to live here. Actually. The only reason we're here is because my dad is in the Air Force um So he he was given orders to come here and that's why we're here. Mhm. Otherwise my parents could not afford to live here.
It's interesting because I mean it's not interesting,
there's a lot of homeless people here because it is so expensive um
justifying housing is expensive and then the jobs because because you know hawaii is really tourist tourism based economy. Um
But all of those jobs are really low paying low wage jobs and so some people actually some most people have to work multiple minimum wage jobs and they still can barely afford to live here, so. Mhm.
It's a car.
Good luck.
is correct. They closed, we have had been closed to tourists for the longest time and they just opened up to tourists like two weeks ago I think. But it's not the same amount of tourists and there's still a whole bunch of restrictions, you know, so definitely not good for the economy. Yeah. Yeah.
Yes,
but business,
it's okay. Do
you use prolific a lot?
Mturk? I've heard bad things. Mm.
Ah They can reject you after you did the work. That's not cool.
And they probably still use it.
User testing. Yeah. Use user testing to
you. Test. Oh.
What,
I don't know how they think. You could just casually go out and buy. That's funny.
Uh huh. Don't have the space for it.
I do. Actually. You mean with the three, the three guys, right? The drive cars and stuff, yep,
that shows pretty good. Actually. Used to watch it a lot with my dad until they they like ended it and they create a new version. Yeah. Yes
Yeah I think it's been let's see. Yeah it's been it says my time. What does your timer say? Because
I came in
first.
Yeah Okay so we're over the 25 minutes
you too and I hope things don't explode in D. C. And they stay calm.
get out of the mainland. Yeah.
Uh huh. People live uh like just out on the grass actually. Yeah because the weather is really good so you totally could. Uh huh.
they are closed now sadly but you could make it work. Yeah
if things open up war.
What?
thank you. Yeah.