Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah.
Hi.
Good. How are you?
Where are you located in the country?
Okay. I'm in pennsylvania.
That is pretty far.
No, it's just chad I think about whatever.
So what do you like to do for fun?
That's very true. Very
true.
I've got two kids, so I'm, my daughter does horse shows, so that's time consuming. We'll show this weekend. I don't know what will be the last one before. Covid kind of gone crazy. So I'm not sure if we're doing a month, a month, you know, kind of seeing how things go. Um like to take, we have a dog, take him out on walks. You know, my kids, my son likes to play basketball, so find a place because where I live is not the best place because it's on a hill and I obviously have all going downhill with traffic is not a very smart decision. So
And he's not always the he's autistic and unfortunately doesn't always think like, you know what I mean? Like Yeah,
he doesn't
he doesn't always think sometimes he just reacts and it doesn't think like wait a minute, let the ball go. We can always get a new one, you know? So
It is.
It
is they're
amazing
people and it is it's very interesting. The spectrum of kids from, you know, lower to, you know, and there's some people that my husband has a has a uh someone that works for him. She he he kind of made the comment to me. She had these autistic tendencies he said, but he said of course he can't, you know, obviously and she self recognized that. So she went and got evaluated and she actually has it, but it gives her more opportunities at work for accommodations and things like that. Because it doesn't it's not it's not like she needs medication or anything like that. It's just more of give her resources she should have access to. She's,
you know, and that's yeah. And he said it actually helps you understand then. He said, because he said she would react in some ways sometimes similar to my son. Like in the way she would, you know? And I don't mean like, you know, she's obviously she's very high functioning and but she said she would react similar and he kind of always thought that's odd. Like it's not what non autistic people would do. But no, I said that's really
No,
I think a lot of people do. I think it's um it's an interesting, you know, when you look at the, you know, whether there's genetics and you know, like my son and my family, we know there's no one. I think I have a cousin who's autistic and he was never diagnosed, I'm pretty sure my first cousin, but my son is kind of a fluke and I have another cousin who lived in New Mexico and unfortunately passed away. He had been diagnosed
as autistic. Thank you. It's been like, it's been like two or three years now, but he you diagnosed autistic about a year before he died. No idea. And he's, he did like, he had a doctor in like some weird funky science. Oh, he's super. But he kind of explained a lot though because he was always very eccentric. I mean a good guy, good person kids,
so much about people and animals and he was a really good, but it was just, it was it was interesting because I even asked my like we did, they actually told us that his at the funeral dinner, I don't see that side of the family a whole lot. My cousin, his sister told me, I was like, wow. But they're like half my dad's half brother's son. So it's like, it's kind of a little bit of a stretch. But yeah, it is, it's interesting. It's a really interesting, they're wonderful people and they said it's it's sometimes the, the things they pick up on is just like, you're like, how did you, how do you realize that
It is? It is they definitely, yeah, my son will sometimes make comments and like, how do you know that? Like, I don't recall ever telling you not saying I didn't, but how do you know? Because my son is 12 and you
know, he's, it's it's interesting because this year I put them in cyber school full time just because of yeah,
covid
well, and it was very unstable. Like he needs a routine, right? That's very critical to autistic kids.
Absolutely
well
and
well in the district that we physically, our home is in, has been opening and closing and kids are going, they are hybrid there. You know, it's just, what's that? We're not doing this.
Well.
It's, it's stressful because it's like telling, okay, well today you're doing this and what if God forbid I forget because I don't know enough going on in your own life that you're like, you know, work Okay. Well, what was today? What did you have today? Like you just, you know,
I mean, it's just, it's hard,
no, it is, it's hard to know. What are you majoring in school in?
wow.
That's a pretty pretty.
but no, do you go online?
That's
it.
I
figured
of
colleges, I've, I've heard that even locally here, some of them like the kids went not kids but they went for a couple I guess still roughly before, right before thanksgiving was their plan and then they were gonna send them home. Um Which makes sense. I mean that makes sense given you know what's going
on.
No
and especially if you live out of state it just gets really complicated, you know if you're gone. But yeah it's an interesting
man.
was gonna say every state I think I know that at different levels but you know it's all point in the wrong direction. So yeah I
I've
been out of college for a while not but no but I actually do cybersecurity.
I do that for a loving. It's it is it's very, I'm working a lot on cloud stuff and um I worked for the government so they're a little behind the eight ball, let's say that be nice. And it's very um actually today my boss is like, he's like, yeah, you've got nominated for this. So it's a friend of mine, but he's like, he got picked as the primary thing. I had no idea. This thing was even even had any clue that it was going on. He's like, yeah,
they all for you as an altar. And I'm like, what did you sign me up for before he asked me, He's like, well I sent you this document. I'm like at 16 pages. You think I can read this in five minutes? No, no,
no. I mean it's okay. It's a good thing. It's just I got to read it before monday because I was like, they literally sent like six meeting invites, like really in one day, like they're different sessions.
Well, it's just, it's like I had other plans for monday but clearly that's not going to happen so just resign myself to that fact and call it a day.
Not well
so
I do so technically I work um with it's what they call a C. S. Sp which is a certified uh cyber security service provider which basically what that means that if you've ever heard of the term cyber emergency response to. So it's basically they deal with incidents like cyber security incidents
and that
runs the gamut.
Absolutely yeah and then audits like I work with audit specifically. Um
I have some auditors under me that we do. Um Like I basically develop a schedule and take a look at, hey this is the applications that my organization has and then some are higher priority than others. Um You know it's just like any organization some some stuff is important. Some stuff not so much. And then I decided on a schedule and we're doing one in the last couple have been in AWS. Mhm. So it is, it's
very interesting. Um um I'm actually hoping to take us like to study over the winner, take some of the foundational AWS classes just for my own personal um
Yeah, because it's one of those things, it's like when you see, you know, there's a limit. I'm not like, I'm not a super fan of like the cyber, but like the computer based training because some of them are terrible, but have you ever taken from this clock? They're awful. It's not like a live class. It's just like here, go through this train and click through it. Yeah, sometimes.
Well, and it's also very flat, if that makes sense because when you are in a class, you have that dynamic. You have you learned from other people
you hear?
Exactly, Or like, hey, maybe they have that experience, Maybe I had something similar, maybe I could bounce some ideas off of them or
you know, and now and I do, I usually attended training like once a year, I'm actually looking at one, there's a pen test class, um penetration test class and then there's another one I'm trying to, I got to figure out what I want I want to take. But yeah, it's interesting. It's, it's a lot of um I've done it all like from when I got out of undergrad to, like, I finished my graduate in 2000 and seven, Um but it's one that you never imagine where you'd be 10 years ago now, that makes sense. Yeah,
Yeah, you were a kid,
you were good, but
it college is such a huge experience and you know, I said it was definitely, it's a it's a people can do it, it's an awesome thing because it it
changes your life, you know, you know, it
really doesn't.
Absolutely.
absolutely,
absolutely.
No. And it is and it's and it's life experiences to that you, I think you kind of need even disability with others, which sounds silly, but you, you know, a lot of times you get out of school, you're living with somebody if you're not in a relationship where you have roommates because a lot of times if you live in a city it's expensive
and you
right, and you're not going to be like, well I'm not going to spend, you know, this amount of money on rent by myself and you're just
getting
off
the ground,
you're just getting off the ground and getting started and. Yeah it's um does your program do internships?
Even
no no interns just like you work at an employer like you do. Uh
does that
mean?
it
is there some in the area you live in?
That's true. That's
true.
I
can understand
that, I can
understand
that.
Yeah I found um that was valuable just you know finding and sometimes you find out what you don't want to do to you know you find an error and you're like this isn't you do it? And you kind of like I did when I did a rotation in I. T. Um I did like desktop support, you know kind of helping users desk side with their issues. The support center definitely
did not like that.
Like the phone
calls
but yeah the help desk like answering phone that that
was not my cup of tea. Um it's just, it's not that it was boring. It was just, it would drive me insane because it's
very,
well,
it's
weird.
It's very compartmentalized because you, in some ways you have to think outside the box. Yeah, I guess you do somewhat, but it's very limited, right? Because you can't really go if there's not a trajectory, right? You know, when you're turning a job, you want to kind of go up the ladder, right? That's
a lot. So when you're doing that, it's like, well, you can only gonna go here and you can't really just doesn't
no,
no.
And
that's why and I did a rotation and security and I was like, wow, this is interesting. And then getting into it has changed so much since, you know, back when I did school, but it's you have to keep learning. That is a huge key. Like the people that refuse you get left in the wake, Like
and
then
absolutely, and that's and you think, well I've gone to school for all this time, I can't possibly have to know and I'm like, I've spent more time now, I think learning stuff than I have in 10 years. It was just because
it's something that's so different. And when you talk
to
people it is in the cloud is such a different, it's got different nomenclature has got different. How, how, how a database, it's a fundamental core. Is it sort of the same? Yes, but how it looks like, how it logs to something else or how it records, doesn't think it's not the same. So it's a very hard concept. I think people think, well, I'm just going to put it in the cloud and magically my problems go away. They always say that's the first no, it's basically you're moving your stuff someplace else, you think it's somebody else's problem, but it's really not because at the end of the day, you're still responsible for your stuff, right? If you have a breach in somebody hacks your so your credit card company, you're still responsible, it's not their fault, right? At
the
end of the day they're going to call you
and
that's
well, and that's it's if you're not protecting your data and there's a breach or someone gets in and exfiltrate stuff out the door, you know, send stuff out, you know, ultimately, you know, from a legal perspective, it's on the company, you know, unless they can prove negligence on the part of like a W. S. Or that's probably a pretty tough, he'll decline, right? Because a lot of times their responsibility, you're responsible for your stuff, right? How are they responsible for it? How is this their problem? They provide a platform what you do or
don't
do
what you do or don't do to secure it is on you. But it's it's very interesting, very uh it's mind blowing like it's just I've never imagined right now. It's getting crazy. So I guess, you know, I don't know. Be interesting.
And
You'd be surprised. It's it's like because I work for the government, we have a whole process and all my data has been taken probably 52 times. It's it is what it is. And but the thing is it's one of those, you have to be smart, you have to monitor your credit. You know, make sure that you get notified anytime there's something added, somebody tries to access that you need to be notified, right?
Because either you could be legitimate. But then if it's not, I've had my identity. Like I've had people try to do stuff Not 10 times, but you know, as long as is companies do their part to stop it, you're okay. It's just when you get into the issue of um, like I don't even remember the target hack a couple years back.
The target had a breach. Um, so what happened is Attackers and I don't remember where they were from came in on on a track system that was open to the internet. What on earth would an eight track system be open to the internet? That doesn't even make sense.
And they sat for a long time and they got an opportunity, they found a way to get onto the regular network and then they got themselves to where they store the credit card or the information.
Oh, it's
huge.
It was a big deal of the holidays. It might have been three or four years. It's been awhile but they got bad publicity. People are saying you know it was it was only from an X. Like it was a period of time. It wasn't like last five years or something. It was just but my mom actually had um someone attempt to take her stuff within like two or three days of that breach notification. And she had used her card at that store. Not I mean it's one that you know you're buying christmas, you don't even think about it right? And thankfully the bank saw it was it was a huge purchase and she doesn't purchase stuff like that and it was like clearly this wasn't her and it was in another state that's nowhere near where they live. So.
it doesn't make
sense.
what,
it
doesn't
even
make
sense.
That's odd.
Well
but
that's if you didn't do anything and there's no evidence. It's not like you're out your names out there, you know like, I mean, don't
get
me wrong,
there are people, I'm sure they do that, but if you didn't give any indication and it's a perfectly legit account, obviously you charged it, it didn't bounce. So
You
know what I
mean? It's
not like
you tried 15 times with a card and it was decline, decline, decline, decline. That doesn't make sense. Yeah. I don't know. It
is interesting because I know sometimes people, some companies have like um limits because I work part time on weekends at a Children's like apparel store. And a couple of times we had somebody come in and around the holidays. If they've spent a lot of money elsewhere, sometimes they like they try to buy like a $300 worth of stuff, it could flag them because they've already spent X. Amount elsewhere all day long. And the banks like, okay, you've spent $1000 in one day. As an example, like this lady told us she was buying a bunch of stuff, you know? And then he ended up having to write a check. Which is crazy because people like what's a check, but
I have
to write a check,
but that's well we quit taking them. Like in the beginning of the year, the old system supported him, but she didn't write a check for us to be able to take it. Which is bizarre. We couldn't take her debit card because the bank said, hey, so she actually came back. So she bought what she could with what the check that she had, she had like two different bank accounts and she would come back the next day, because I'm like that I said, even if you call, here's the problem, what are they going to do? They're just going to tell you you need to buy, you know, which is kind of dumb, as long as you have the money there, I don't understand why they would have denied it.
Yeah, but I was like, because I couldn't and I and she even brought up her bank account and I'm like, please don't show me anything. She's like, well, no, there's no, like I said, I don't disbelieve you. I said, there's no reason, I don't assume that about anybody, you know, some of my business. And and I said, but she had a ton of shopping bags with her and I was like, I bet, because who knows
what she she
could have gone to a jewelry store and spent A
$1,000
on a piece of jewelry and that could have done it because that's the thing you don't realize and I guess there is a lot of fraud. People do legitimately steel bank accounts like when I worked I worked for a different company and they declared bankruptcy and I have gone out of business since. But the there was two ladies that came in, I wasn't there that day but a friend of mine was working and she said they came in and they bought like a crazy amount of stuff like hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of dollars. They had stolen someone's credit card from like they were a caretaker, they had stolen from his credit card and came and thought all kinds of stuff. Of course how would we, how would the store now? Right.
No, so the next day I guess the person, the caretakers are the it was like somebody who who had a lot of health issues and basically they were acting as the caretakers took advantage of them and they took their car because the person was kind of kind of not
not not
there completely mentally
well,
but apparently so whoever handle their finances probably looked at their bank account was like,
Right, how would you know? I think it's like $700 worth of clothing. Like What? Right. Like they're at home, why would they have set a $700 clothing charge? And they had called the police? Well they look they knew where the charges were immediately and they found the women and they actually go testify. The girl had to go testify against um these late and again, she's like one of the things you just don't you don't know that. I mean she said it's one of the things they came in. They looked very nicely dressed. She said, I would have never thought you know that. Because you said, even if you saw the thing you people can fake a signature, you can fake to be, you know, like when you give your credit card, how often you asked for an id
what?
So you could be and there's some names that are gender neutral. Now, a lot of people have names that you can't really tell unless you know, you know, or if they have a name that's culturally, you know, a different culture than what they're used to. They want. They may not know, right? I mean in fairness, you might think that's gender experts, gender wire. It's non binary, whatever, but you don't know who knows, right? And that's just it was like, it was really interesting. I was just, you never realized is that people do stuff that
no, it isn't. It's, it's scary. You just, you don't realize. I said it's like you, that's why you gotta be vigilant. You know, and I have like I have an alert thing. Like you can get some of those free credit monitoring places just to email you. Like any time you have uh, like I get an alert hey, some such and such or if I did it, you know, like we had to buy a car in june. Okay. So yeah, I got that. That makes sense, right? Because I initiated that. But if somebody is looking at it, it'll tell you like if they pull it. So if somebody else put it without your authorization, clearly there's a problem
because you didn't authorize it. So yeah, it's interesting. It's definitely an interesting experience
and I kind of know and it's like that verges in the cyber world because a lot of times you're pulling up the data to support that, right? Or if somebody came in on a website and tried to steal
credit cards, like I went to a conference and this was the um instructor took this is back sometime, this isn't recent maybe 45 years ago. And he brought up, you know, it wasn't amazon, it was an amazon amazon like I'll say um
there's other companies like that and he put some stuff in the cart, whatever products, he changed the prices.
The price is what you do is you edit the code and he edited
it.
Yeah. So he went in and it's not like now a lot of websites have protections that don't allow you to do like say it's $100, you change it to a dollar or something. You can't do that now. But back then. No, he actually purchased stuff because it went through.
It's
because
the website
how to how to defect because they didn't lock it down. So meaning like if you, you know in html like you can change stuff. Uh huh.
What? They're supposed to have it set up coded properly that it doesn't allow
you to do that, right? So if
you're
running
transaction
Right, it goes back $200
versus the dollar. Well this didn't do that. And I was just like, you know, he had a special arrangement. So he did it because technically that's fraud, right? But he had an arrangement with his company and you know, he was a security consultant for them. And what it came to find out is it was actually one of their websites They had, they had put a new version out so this one was still alive. But it didn't actually link to anything if that makes sense. But he said it was the same. It's a company had different different websites. It's the same. It was a version of one. They had, they left it out for him to use as an example.
But it didn't, it didn't tie back to anything if that makes sense.
Like it makes
you think
would have purchased through. But it didn't, it didn't, there was no connection on the end saying, hey, you actually purchased something that was going to go charge your bank account. But yeah, I was, it's
if
you look at like their sites, um, what's the site? Um, There's a couple sites if you have like people post, um, I'm brain dead today. I apologize. It's been a long there. but the the code or people put past like they'll put code that they wrote and
copy.
you'd be surprised how many companies their information is out there because what they'll do is they'll have like the passwords and stuff and user ids coded into that. Just terrible.
Extremely. And um you know, one of the things I know like we have um I have a pen test that finished two weeks ago when I have one now going. But one of the interesting things they found some information and it was on another country's website. Now it may have been four or five years old, but it was absolutely
out there.
So somehow probably some user posted it on a site and it wasn't them, it wasn't them. It was absolutely not them. It was probably somebody their user community and how would they know? Who knows? But they just like, here's what you do and then here's how you access the system. That was the whole power point. It was just mind blowing and they it was more of like, you know, and they wouldn't validate none of it worked. Like it was all dead credentials, nothing worked. But it shows you it's out there like people if you work for companies and they said that's what some of these cyber security people do as you spend time looking for scrapes. The people have taken quote screen, you know, looking for stuff that people have posted. You know, developers that think they're helping, but they're really not because they're posting like, oh here's how I solved this problem. But what they're doing is they're copying the code from X application, but it's got all this other stuff in it and they're not, you know, you don't realize that. And
then
it is, yeah, it's it's
I want
to do
it
all
the time. It does all the
time
well,
but
because people want to have that community right, where they're helping each other. But the problem is you have to be careful about what you're posting because your company could come after you, right?
If
you
absolutely, if they could tie it back to, we know they got in with this account. And how else did it get there? You know, logically because it doesn't make any sense if it's somebody coming from somewhere overseas, you know, anywhere, how do you know, how did they get that? Well, you had to get help? Well, that's interesting. But it is, it's amazing the amount of tax you don't realize that happened even on personal machines. People have at home, you know, your personal machine is vulnerable. People don't realize that people think I'm just gonna leave the wifi password when the cable company comes and sets it up. I'm just gonna leave it like that. Bad idea. Oh
yeah. Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Well there's a process. Yeah. I definitely wouldn't recommend doing it if you don't know what you're doing, but there should be guidance a lot of times that they provide on. Hey, here's how to change the passwords. Um, because we did, we had to replace, we got our, we have Verizon here and they fiber and they apparently because
I've
had it for like 10 years, we were very early where I lived to get fiber and the connection into the house had to be replaced because it's advanced that much. So we had to get a new route. And then the guy, because he came in, covid, it was quite an interesting experience. He wouldn't come in the house. He'd actually stay in the garage, which is interesting.
Should
wear
booties,
booties
on their shoes. They had to work like gloves and he wore a mask and he had like, um but
yes, and he was very nice. Like I I had to move some stuff because I didn't wasn't exactly sure where he was going, but he he was very nice about it. He just kind of stayed back, you know, while I moved, like, what I needed to in the garage out of the way so he could get um back there and then I left. Like I immediately, you know, walked, went in the side door, back into the house so that he couldn't, you know, I'm not in his, I don't want to be in his face or no,
I want to keep this face because that's the right thing to do. I don't want to be like in somebody's face like supervising. I mean their house, they're kind of like a hawk, you know, circling, but now I'm like, this guy knows what he's doing. He's just coming in to put like some additional change out some wiring connections and stuff for the fiber. I'm not gonna, I don't need to be outside
certain.
I've got it a couple
gigs.
It's, I know it's, it's,
I think I've got three.
I call well and we're near the eye, which I don't think it matters as much with fiber, but I got up um, like your contract or whatever mind was out beginning of it was like january because they didn't actually come into like March because they weren't allowed to. Um and we were on a waiting list and then when they got to us they came out and did the update. But they said um you're eligible because they're like well I just because my kids were doing school from home, I was like, hey how much does it cost to my husband's working from home port time to how much does it cost to make sure that we have enough speed. So I'm not losing my VPN connection for work and because we were having some issues said well Here's the bright and I was like bless cheaper than when I was paying now. What? Well they changed the packages. They used to require TV with normal like Internet out of the box of like $80 and I'm not paying $80. That's insane.
Right. Well she's like it was like 50. I don't like that's not bad.
And
Yeah. Well they had their because we have been I think customers and she said she's like, well no. And she's, I said, was it going to cost me a thing for them to come out and do all this other stuff like to put the change the connection to the house and you know, the whole nine yards. And she says no. And I was like, sure about that. Like I'm not going to get a bill for them to come and do
fiber. And she's like, no, I was like, that's awesome. I was like, that's pretty cool. So, well, hey, I think we're coming to the end of our time, but I wanted to wish you the best of luck.
I hope you enjoy,
have a wonderful rest of the week. Thanks.
I,