Hello.
I'm doing well, can you hear me well?
Oh yeah. How is your weekend going so far?
Oh you're in California. I'm in California.
To where
what area are you in? Okay. I'm in NorCal barrier.
Yeah.
Yeah. You guys have been having a lot of heat. We haven't hasn't been too bad. It's been kind of consistent the last couple of weeks we're the same weather every day and it's not too too bad.
usually um
we have a c
back like it's the point it's like what what do you choose you know like well I can be really hard for about couple hours but then after that probably not.
For sure. For sure. Yeah
when it gets up hot up here I feel like there are two hours like between two and four that's really just scorchingly hot
and then anything before that if your home and you have everything kind of closed you'll be fine you
know
and then after that you just open everything and it just cools down.
You got to be really strategic with fans though. I have the big box fans and I kind of I create an airflow. So I live in an apartment and I kind of put one that sucks
the
air from the outside in and then the other one that sucks the inside air go to go outside. Yeah.
I find
it
like, yeah, yeah, I find like you kind of unfortunately you get used to it, you know?
How has um you know, like the pandemic situation been for you?
Like nobody gets it. It's so funny. It's like, what do you think a mask is for? All right. I thought I saw the funniest uh meme the other day, that's like somebody observed somebody that had a mask on covering you know, everything and then they took it off and then sneezed, you know, like at that point you're just like, wow are people? I mean, maybe
that's why it's spreading so crazily everywhere because people are just not too serious into their thing.
but hey,
you're
you're technically correct because you have a face covering, right?
And when they say face, they don't specify, you know, it's just like that whole, okay, okay, I'm technically correct. Who cares if it's right or wrong? But it's tricky. Yeah, no, same up here, you know, people are kind of, I mean even just the other day, I was at the grocery store and I've been limiting grocery stores to once every three weeks or so, so I kind of got my routine down that I don't need to, I used to go weekly when
the whole thing happened, I you know, I had food, but I wasn't really prepared for a long term, no shopping, then I figured my stuff out and I got it down to like I go in once every three weeks and more than anything is like for fresh vegetables or stuff like that, but even just recently I was at the store and people are just like not even wearing stuff, how do you, how did you even get in? You know, it's like, but I think people are kind of scared about confronting other people or I don't know.
I guess
your caffeine fix trump's my health, but thank you.
Yeah, I feel it becomes a bit stressful, kind of trying to police everybody. Like initially
when things open up, I, you know, the first couple of times I ventured out, I was, you know, in my head, you know, I'm like looking out for everything and is this person okay? I'm gonna go and then after a while it just became so stressful here at all. It
Yeah, No, no, it's just it just becomes so stressful observing it and watching it and you want to say something and eventually it's like I just, I just want to get out of there. Yes, like you said. Yeah.
Yeah, exactly, we're like the other day I was so normally, you know when I go to the my grocery store, I kind of you know have my route where I go down the aisle, up the aisle, down the aisle, you know just a really regular. But now it's like I feel like a walk around the store at least 10 times because I want to avoid all these people
in
these eyes, like loitering and lingering and reading the ingredients and like just grab your stuff, get out,
you know?
for sure. A
lot of you've been living in southern California
all
Oh nice. Okay. Yeah, same with me, I've been in this area for
a long time. Yeah, been in san Jose mostly and then a couple of years for school, I moved up to san Francisco. Uh Yeah, I kind of kind of stuck
with it. Huh?
So are we supposed to have like some competition
or like north
California? Like I I don't even get what that is. I know it's supposed to be a thing but I don't really know what the thing
is
about, you know?
No,
nothing.
Oh gosh, so do you ever go to like live games or anything like that or?
Yeah. Yeah. Now for me I can't say I'm necessarily like a big sports person but you know I do have our area pride, you know it's like well what t about like, well of course it's the sound of the sharks, you know they're the best because there are a team you know and um my coworker actually did have season tickets to the Sharks and a couple of times where you know she and her husband didn't want to go or they couldn't go. You know she would kind of give out tickets and it's just so different. Like I said I'm not a forest fan, I don't really follow it but when you're there it's like it is so much fun. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah and it's like you don't
even have to be into the sport, you just have to be open to having that experience.
it's like I'm sitting there with my friend, he's a big sharks fan, he knows everything about it. He's like oh yeah check this guy out. I'm like I don't know they kind of look the same to me but if we're winning I'm good you know? Yeah. You know you have Sharky the mascot, you know it's like everybody goes wild, it's a lot of fun.
So you're like a MLM for sport? Huh?
Well then how did I decide the other day a multilevel marketing where you kind of make make people buy things? Yeah.
know it's what are you speaking of that? I actually so I went to a couple of sharks game, most of them were through my friend who had you know the regular seats and all that. But one I used to work at a place where the owner had a box, you know one of the box. Yeah,
it sounds fancy, right? And we had the Office Christmas Party at the box. So you know, there's a had it catered so there's a lot of food, the whole office, you know, everybody came up with their significant others. So there's like 20 people there at least food was good, drinks were good, but it was interesting that it was fun, you know, hanging out with people and you know, christmas party and all that. But game wise I didn't like I didn't enjoy it at all, you know, I didn't get the same game experience because I I don't know maybe it's his box or whatever, but it's actually like the highest tier. So as you're looking
down and you have an absolutely unobstructed view, so that's great and there's like a balcony area where you can sit. But
the thing is, it's like,
I feel
like you're still
remote and there's not of that, none of that like crowd atmosphere.
you're kind of isolated. So I was like,
yeah, I guess
it's cool and all and you tell people and they're like, oh yeah, that's fancy. I was like, all
Yes. But I can't say I enjoyed it as much. It was
just like to me almost like watching a game at a bar or watching the game on tv or something. So that was kind of an interesting comparison, you know?
Yeah. So if you ever get offered, don't get too excited, you know, go for the four seats or whatever they're
called.
Yes, I guess so.
That's
kind of interesting. Yeah. Um
have you done these um, video things on prolific before?
Um this is my 4th 1, actually.
Yeah. And, and it's actually kind of, I know they're saying like repeats okay, and you can do up before and I'm like, okay, how many more can I do here? I mean, I think, I think especially now it's kind of, you know, you don't get to interact with people like faces wise, you know, like, yeah, you can go outside to a park and whatever, but everybody is usually wearing a mask. It's like, you don't see anything that been so tough.
Such a good point.
You know what my favorite also about guys, it's like, you know, you kind of look at them and it's like, you're at a restaurant, you know, they're wearing a mask or whatever and then they take off the mask and there's like a weird beard underneath or like go t
like,
Yeah, but about like, where did that come from? It usually doesn't really fit their face or the way you imagined it before
they take their masks off and you know at least me I never imagined asserted facial hair on a guy. You know thinking whoa
what?
no it's it's and sometimes you're like yeah just keep it on, that's that's okay. Yeah.
Good for you.
so that's how we look like.
Yeah. Um So you mentioned almost for three months
you know you didn't go out. So do you cook a lot or did you order in a lot or what was what's your situation
like that?
But
normally
going into an office like before? The, wow. Okay.
Well that sounds
delicious.
that sounds amazing. Oh my gosh how
do you come up with your recipes
only?
it seems like you're really imaginative with kind of how you come up with it, just whatever
is available and what could come together
and
I don't think there's anything wrong was simple to tell you the truth. I mean if you can make it taste the way you want it to taste and
make it taste delicious, there's absolutely, I mean not everything has to be truffle butter, you know, it's there, you know, it's like sometimes you go online, it's like,
oh yeah, put a little bit of a truffle burger on it and then, you know, truffle shavings, I'm like who the hell has that at home?
Yeah. Well there's the theory in cooking that as long
as you have enough salt and butter, you're good, you
know, no matter what it is and it's why when I was kind of, when I first moved down on my own, you know, I was, you know, kind of learning, I had the itch to learn how to cook and you know, I had the motivation and the desire and but initially I was like, well, you know, salt is really bad. So you know, I'm really going to use it really sparsely just to make sure everything is healthy and all that. And my food tasted like crap, like it would look beautiful, but it just tastes, it does not taste good. And then once I embraced the idea that yes, it's okay to use salt. You will not die on the spot. Moderation, drink a lot of water, you'll be fine. The food that started tasting amazing. You know, it's so funny how just, you don't need the truffle butter, you just keep the salt, you know?
Um Yeah, so I kind of kind of, I would say cook similar to the way you describe it, that, you know, it's very simple. I do. I guess they call it meal prep, which I think was similar to what you described. Like I could probably I take a sunday or I have Mondays off, I think monday where kind of the whole day I spend in the kitchen where it's like, all right, I, you know, cook my meets for the week. I cook my, you know, prepare all the stuff divided into boxes. And then I just kind of mix and match whatever I want to eat at that time. Or if I know I'm gonna be going into work a couple of days, then I'll have a pre made box that I just pick up and that's the box. I just toss it in the microwave and then eat it. So I'm going to do very similar. The one thing I jumped on the bandwagon of all the bread making during this pandemic.
And that's I'm
actually continuing to do so I'm gonna make my bread today. But that's something I really been enjoying.
So it's just regular. I mean online the way the recipe, it's like artisanal bread and all it is it's just you know white bread you know has a lot of air holes in it. So it's kind of um but it's more solid, you know not a sandwich bread. Um And it has um it's supposed to have a very kind of thick crust but I'm not a thick crust kind of person. So
I usually make it a little bit of a thinner crust. So it's it's kind of like that I make it um I don't make it in a bread machine or anything but it's just this simple, simple recipe I found and I kind of Playing, been playing around with it and I got it to a point where I'm like this is perfect and it takes me you know, 10 minutes of work time overall. I mean well it's longer because you got to let it proof, then you've got to let it proof again. But
my hands on time, it's like probably 10 minutes.
Yeah. And you get this delicious bread and I'm like I like I made this,
it's
fine. Did you start any of the bread or did you try any of that?
But
I mean I'm not a fan of sour dough so I didn't go that route. But from what I've observed with sour dough recipe and the recipe that I'm making is that my recipe is actually the first day of that starter. Pretty much. You know, because you you let the east proof and then you start adding your your flower and that's a bacon the same day, like it's the same process. But because I got the recipe from a Youtube lady, like, you know, you have a video and
she said that you know, you can actually make huge batches of this and keep it in your fridge for almost
like
23
weeks at a time and just take batches of it and bake it as you go. So, but I think that's, you know, if you were to kind of go that route, you are going to end up with sour dose. But again, it's not my taste. So I didn't do that. But people have been getting really nice results though.
Well, I think with the sour does for me it's kind of like, you know the idea, okay, you're using these yeast, these live organisms that you're you know, you're you're having them do all this crazy work for you and then you kill him. So that Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I I feel kind of conflicted with the whole idea of
a sour dough.
Yeah. Well, what the salary do I feel is a bit even more heartless because you're prolonging their death, like you're you know, you're you're letting them think that you're going to be alive. Everything is gonna be okay, that you know, somebody is going to come and save them.
I I
don't know.
Yeah. But all it is we're just fattening them up with that sour go process.
So but
honestly
don't don't think about it too too much. Okay. Because they didn't
Yeah, that's why I do my message. It kills them fast and it's done and they don't suffer. Okay.
and the Internet
will take you funny places. Mm
No, enjoy it, enjoy it. Don't forget the salt in the butter too
well. Hey, that's awesome note. I
think
we
re star a lot of time, I believe. Right?
Well, he was awesome talking to you.
It's
fun. Yeah.
Best
of all. Breaking. Bye
Bye.