Not entirely,
yeah, I can start started my timer. Three teacher.
That's too bad. It's been so hot. I'm in California. I'm not sure you are
ruins.
I don't know.
Thanks. Okay. I mean, I'm like L. A. Area. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Yeah, because they're a lot cooler out there than we are down here.
it's like 100 yesterday and I'm just like melting. Yeah.
Uh Yeah, but I'm trying to like, you know, conserve energy so.
Yeah, because it cools down nicely at night, but you know, it's just like little blistering in the day so you're just gonna have to balance best you can.
Oh
well, I mean,
No,
no.
Yeah. I haven't found the right balance because you know, it's like you open up and then he just kind of stays inside, it's just like a little feet box and you're like, and honestly it's colder outside sometimes and just like
I'm
not.
Yeah, I know my friends were telling me the same thing in his life. Yeah, I haven't done because I know they're really loud and I'm just like, I don't know if I can handle all that noise on top of everything, but it might come to that because
I
can't
Yeah, I'm sure. Well,
um it's been okay. I mean I'm working from home right now, so it's been really helpful in terms of trying to keep me safe, but you know, going to grocery stores just like harrowing experiences, like people have masked here or here. It's like that that point.
Hey,
Yeah, I mean exactly like if you were here, you're really not doing anything and especially when I hear you're doing absolutely nothing, so
so that's
it.
Right. I know your face messages on, yeah.
And
I know. It's tough. I've I said stuff a couple of times, but it's like, and some people have been like, oh, sorry, forgot whatever, but some people are just like whatever. And like one guy was a jerk. He's like, I'm drinking my coffee and like, okay, I didn't
realize,
Like it's just like, you know, yeah, like I want to confront this person or you want to just like go to the other, go opposite direction of them. You know, it's just like there's just so many people.
No.
Nothing in this thing going,
I know. I realized like, I feel like I'm having like Pinky is the only like every time I go out I'm so vigilant, like who's around me? Or people close to me? Are they wearing masks? You know like some over there I'm gonna run around. You know, it's just like, it's so stressful. Just like I come home and I'm like
will
be,
Have
a plan, Go get it. Yeah.
Given.
Um So I grew up here, I
went to uh school outside, so I was gone for about 8 - 10, 10 years. Um and then came back. So just a little blip in the middle. But basically, you know, more than half my life.
What?
there.
The base Nice. I mean, you know, I love Socal but the base, you know, seconds that
I
know.
I
think
I really does
just
about you know, pointless pride. That's funny. I'm not, I was just on my hockey fan and um you know obviously you guys have the sharks in the van today and like we like hate each other like, oh, shark sucks. So I'm more passionate about that.
I did before. The pandemic. Yeah. Yeah. I am actually the year the Ducks 107. I actually had season tickets with a friend. So we went to almost every game that season. We were at the Stanley Cup. It was just luck that that was the year we happen to get season tickets. It was incredible. Um, and then, but since then I've only got like a couple games. They've gone away after that. Uh, yeah, I went, I went to one game last year and then like one or two the year before. So I go periodically, but I just love it so much. I wish you could go to more.
I knew I love it.
Hey.
yeah, totally. I know. That's right. So I try to get people to go and I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, no, you don't understand. Like it's an experience, You know, like it's a lot of fun. The crowd gets into it like, you know, you just got to enjoy.
Yeah. Like those things when I take friends, like if they don't know anything about hockey, I'll tell them I'd be like, okay, this is this person. Oh, and they did this and that, that's what, you know, like I fully, I love doing that. You know, like it takes away a little bit from my watching the game, but it's like, that's okay. I mean, I've seen a lot of games that go to games, you know, like I don't mind doing that. I'd rather like you get into it. Like I like people getting into it too, you know? So
for them.
I'm just trying to defend. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
What,
First.
Well
this
is
the camaraderie yeah.
One
interesting.
I can see it
and
You know, you think he gets something fancy like that maybe like this amazing experience and be like highlighted, you know, if you like the best and you're like, oh, okay. Uh
Like,
yeah, I guess we'll take your fancy box.
I'll sex President
game.
I think.
Yeah. Actually this is my 3rd 1. Yeah. Yeah,
wow, that's crazy.
Yeah. It's funny because I'm single and you know, it's like you go out and you see people, but it's like everyone is a master and I'm like, I can't even tell if any of these guys are cute, you know?
Right? Like singing. I'm never going to find someone.
I really
don't open it back on.
Rain.
All
right. I just, you never know what's under there. So.
Yeah, it's like the first time I did one of these nights like right, when we kind of went on lockdown, I want grocery shopping and I like planned for like three months hiatus. Like, you know, and I was pretty good actually. I think for about three months I didn't, I didn't go out, literally didn't go out. I would,
I would run at night. Um, so that like there'd be nobody out, you know? And I really, I just literally stayed in my home, I work from home and did everything from home. I worked out for my law and I went running at night. Like I didn't go grocery shopping, nothing. And so the first time I did this was during that time and it was like so nice to see another human. It's like, oh my God, you know, I've been like grocery shopping and I do kind of the things I need to do and I'm out a little bit more, not still out of time, but you know, I'm not a little more, but the first time I remember I was like a human,
I don't know other people. This is what talking feels like not to myself,
thanks.
I,
so before, so I work a lot of hours. I usually work about 60 plus hours a week. And so
at
my
And so with that I would, I would kind of like cook once on the weekend and then just eat brow and they're like kind of quick things during the week. You know, I would pretty much always cook for myself. It is really simple things because I don't have a lot of time. So like do the eggs, you know, things like that, but now since I'm home and I have time, I'm actually putting like so many things. It's the coolest thing. Like I made myself a burger with avocado and bacon yesterday and had a cucumber,
watermelon
salad and like I made my own mac and cheese and I was just like, I feel like such an adult, this is okay.
I've been taking a lot.
Um, I hate, so sometimes I'll have like, so my landlord has a garden and he lived
right next, so he'll give me some fresh veggies and he gave me a bunch of cucumber and I was like what can I do with this? And like so um I got a watermelon I like and I had like meat so it's like just you know, make some burgers and I don't have fries so maybe I can, you know like it's just kind of like oh there's an item, I'll try and think of something around the item or like whatever I'm kind of craving or you know just google and
what
I try to be but that's things like I have a really picky simple palette so
there's like, I don't feel like it's like as like, you know vast is like some chefs are obviously like you know, I only have a few simple things that I couldn't go from but I try to be creative with that thing, you know with those your number of items that I kind of do.
Aaron
what,
You know, I know I'd like try to look at certain recipes and it's like get these 17 ingredients, they're only available with one specialty store in the east side and it's like okay yeah let me just go do that and never use them again. Yeah, I know, it's like I love cooking but you know again like my pal it's really simple and so like you never know other people going to like it, I'm like I'm telling you this is good.
Well
I know
do you cook for yourself?
Yeah I would
think
what kind of bread are you making?
and
Burn.
That's awesome.
that's
so
Well, it's funny. So I've been banana bread before, so that's the only bread I've kind of been making lately. Um because it's, you know, like I have time now and it's delicious. Um but I actually just started trying to make a sour dough starter and so I'm on day like four right now trying to make the starter and it's like it's going well and then they didn't go well. So I'm like, oh God, we'll see how it looks tomorrow. But I'm really excited. But I'm like, boom. Because yesterday it didn't look good. So I'm like, God, start again. But yeah, I actually
just started that, but hopefully it works. Yeah.
there.
I mean
part
of it,
Yeah. I know if this works, I might try other ones because it's pretty cool skill and now that I have a little bit of time to do that since I'm home more, But yeah, that's really neat.
So
heartless.
I'm
caring
for you eating you,
That's right. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a girl.
It's really
funny.
I know it's sad now every time I'm making this charter,
everybody I never thought about that, it's like
true,
I'm going to feel so terrible when I make this.
We'll do. Oh
I
think
we're good.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm good.
You
say it was
I'm saying
All
thank