june
okay how are you?
My second one? I did one on friday to how about you?
Oh wow that's exciting. Have you been having good conversations with people? Yeah.
well that makes sense.
wants
to
be a plan behind it.
Right. No that makes sense.
first couple of coincidence after you hit three you're like okay there's a pattern for me.
Makes sense. Oh
um so I feel like
I registered
ages ago
but I
just
started doing
it over the past
couple
of
months. Uh
now that I'm working from home I've got a little bit more time on my hands to focus so. Right.
wow that's impressive. I've not made that much but I'm on basically all of the testing websites and that sort of thing just because they're easy and who can't use extra money.
Do
they really do well And this one I feel like there's more opportunity because I'm on a lot of different
ones but half the time I don't qualify for the stuff that they send me. Whereas there's only been one
that I've not been able to
do because I didn't qualify and it was because I have two supervisors, not one that was the only reason. So I mean this one feels at least more accurate I guess for they send you what
you can do.
I've not done sir. Well I think I did
it like
years and years ago but I didn't keep up with it.
It.
exactly, definitely more more buck for your time with prolific. The other one I do most of the time is user testing which is actual like website testing. Like they'll have you checked the website to see how functional it is and that one
would be like 10 bucks a pop. But it's if they send you anything they think you might remotely be qualified for. So you'll get a couple of questions
into the initial survey and they're like, sorry, you don't qualify after all and you don't get anything for doing the initial survey because it's a higher payout if you do get through. So they're really reliable. So it's really nice if you do get through but it can be hard to qualify.
It's about 15 minutes. Um Well that's what they say. They say it's 15 minutes and you get paid 10 bucks. I'm kind of like seven or eight minutes. Like it depends. I guess how good you are navigating websites because a lot of it is okay. You want to register, where would you go click where you would want to go if you were going to register? Well, if you're good at navigating websites and finding that information, they allot you
probably
45 seconds for that task. It only takes me like 10 seconds to figure that out. So
Got
it.
uh they give you specific tests they want you to do because essentially they're either testing their testing. One of two things are they're testing, does this website actually work? Like is it programmed correctly and it's functional or they're testing, does it make sense to somebody using it? So they'll ask you like, okay, find where you would register and then they ask you, okay, how hard was it to find that
when you click on register, do the
questions
make sense? Is that information you would expect to fill it, stuff like that?
And I use another one. Intelligent, intelligent. Um I think it's called it has it's also called the user tool.
I think it's another
one testing
functionality
of apps and
websites.
Usually
sometimes they have live conversation ones on both of them and but primarily they're both on like functionality
of
websites and apps,
Um There's, they don't come up with uh at least not for me tests. I can do very often, but it's like buzz agent like be Zzz like buzz like a bee but without the U. Biz agent and they do consumer product testing. I tested a candy for them one time. That was fun. And then I tested what was the other fantastic shampoo or soap or something maybe. No, no it was like a year ago. I don't even remember anymore. The thing
about that one though is they want you to post reviews but at which I'm not as comfortable with. But on the flip side, like facebook for example, you can make a post that no one can see but you, so it's
a nice hey, let's get around it a little bit where you're still posting your review, it meets the requirements of posting a review. But if you're not comfortable being like, hey, I was paid to test this, you
don't
have
to show
it to the entire world.
yeah, and everyone
in the world can see it like, or you can have specific people see it on facebook, which is kind of nice because if there's someone I think will like it, I'm
happy to make them aware that I did it, but I also don't want to spam everybody on my facebook friends list with, by the way, I tested this.
exactly. But I probably
get less tests because I don't spam a billion different social media is with my review, but I
mean
Yeah, I mean they're
primarily
just for the free item. You don't
actually,
I don't think with most of them you don't get paid in addition to the free items. So it's kind of like okay
if you're
also
paying me $30 maybe, but mainly you're just sending me something for free. So
so there
just
haven't
been pretty good so far. They're they're very into established brands. Like the candy I tested was a line that sweethearts was going to put out
at least. I think it was sweethearts. And then I think the soap I tested was like, it was like dial or some like
common brand that's everywhere. Very established. Not like random indie stuff, which I have nothing against, but with a more established company you kind of know, I mean they don't
tell
you what
money
for,
but you can pretty much guess that it's going to be a Fortune 500 company that you're testing for. So you kind of know what you're getting into.
Um, I originally, I'm from Illinois, but right now I'm in Iowa, so midwest basically. What about you?
on
my
customers? That worker in New Jersey? Well, I say that I have a lot of customers everywhere because we're countrywide. But I talked to a lot of people from New Jersey,
uh, so far so good. So they just switched just to working remote because um, I'm in billing so we're all essential because most people still need our services. But on the flip side, we are losing a lot of business, not because they don't want to work with us anymore, but because businesses are closing down due to covid. So it's kind of like so far we're okay, it doesn't seem like anything terrible is going to happen for the company, but seeing the number of cancellations is a little bit concerning.
from
um so supposedly we're supposed to be wearing masks, but no one cares,
some of the stores are a little bit more particular, but even then a lot of them are in for, a lot of them can't enforce it. So they just kind of let people do whatever they want restaurants. There are still rules I think you have to get take out still. Um or you have to be able to sit outside or they have to limit the number of people inside. But for the most part people are pretty much acting like Covid is over, which I think is interesting.
Risk.
Yeah. I feel like people here are not taking it seriously enough. That's for sure. Especially because numbers aren't great. I mean we haven't been hit as bad as some other places, but our two biggest employers in town both had covid outbreaks. So I'm kind of like ok guys, it's in the two biggest employers like come on, people got to take it a little bit more seriously like
most
of
the setting,
it works in those two places like
What?
And really quickly to it seemed like at first it was just something you were kind of hearing about and then literally three days later they're like it's hitting the us everyone stay home. Okay.
It's
crazy.
I've
been like that. Yeah.
Something like that. Yeah.
Yeah. I think it's because we I think country
wise, we opened up like
way like before it was actually like the reason it dropped was because most people were following, you know the mass and the social distancing and mainly staying home uh Because that's what they've maintained in europe and in Asia, but everyone's pretty much acting like it's
back to normal. Like actually read I think was I read an article today talking about how people are referring to Covid as a past thing that's happened. Like people are going to talk about, oh do you remember back when Covid was happening and we all had to be quarantined? And
the
person,
the
person who is writing the article was like except that it's currently happening right now and you're still supposed to be social difference in this
isn't
over.
Let me
Try and make the transition easier.
Pretty
hot.
Yeah. My work is talking about, they kept saying like ok you'll be back in the office in May and then they said july and then they said september and then they were like never mind end of the year as soon as, but so right now that's what they're planning is having us come back I guess technically beginning of New Year's when they're playing on having us come back and I'm just kind of like, can I not?
Yeah and I wish that they would do that because I personally am like I'd say a good 30% more productive at home than I am uh at work because I get really bad headaches and part of what makes them worse is a lot of different things making noise at the same time. And since I work in Billy and we're department of like 12 people, it's not uncommon for us all to be on the phone at the same time. That's too many voices for my brain to concentrate on at once. I can't just focus on the call I'm on, so I'll get these like terrible,
like have to put my head down nauseous headaches and at home I can control, I can turn the lights to what I can handle, I can keep the noise where I need it and I can get way less headaches. So I'm I wish that they would let me just say working from home. But the like my boss's boss's boss, the head of our division of a county. And she doesn't believe in working from home.
She doesn't believe people can be productive that way. She also doesn't believe in work hours that are longer than eight hours a day. She doesn't believe people can be more productive
more than eight hours a day. So she puts restrictions on our department based on her belief system.
Yeah, basically, she she believes that like
after
you
hit the eight hour mark, your brain is useless, it just stops and
I'm like,
well, and I'm just thinking like, that doesn't make any sense at all. Because like even just thinking back to when I was in school, like even middle school and I even just high school and college, middle school as at school for at least 87 or eight hours and then I had 3 to 6 hours of homework and got completed. So clearly something was happening in my brain, like
it's not like
I've done to the school day. My brain was just like off.
All
well what does she cook on autopilot
at
night? Because that seems dangerous. Like I'm
presuming
she
makes herself dinner. Does she just do
it?
Like
well what kills me is she's there before I am, she comes in at seven half. I leave late because my boyfriend and I share a car, so I have to wait for him to pick me up and he gets off two hours after I do. Um she's still there when I leave half the time. So she's working 12 hour days
most
she's
working 12 hours days, like three days a week, a couple of days a week. She goes home at her normal time, but the rest of time she's still there when I leave. So why is she able to work 12 hours successfully? But somehow the rest of us just stop at eight hours and the nothing else happens.
She's
salaried. I'm sure she's salaried
so
theoretically. And and like she can't prevent that because like we're on calls with customers. So if they need people to stay late and answer the phone, like they need people to stay late and answer the phone, she can't stop that. But it's not very common for us to have
over time.
No, I I think she
she just doesn't like flexible work schedules, like our company as a whole mandate that that you're allowed to do one half day and then work like nine and a quarter hours the rest of the time. So she has to allow that one. But people have been pushing for four tens and she doesn't like that. So that's where, you know, we'll know people can't work effectively more than eight hours, it
won't be productive enough, she's like flexible and she doesn't like working from home.
Well presumably that after the first eight hours, their patients should be very concerned.
Yeah. I don't know if like because she's a she's a little bit older, so I'm not sure if maybe it's like a belief system that she grew up with, like everyone should work 58 hour shifts a week and you know, like and everyone should work in that and like she's just unwilling to move, but the VP of finance, she's a little bit younger than her and she was like, well she literally said to me the elevator one day, she said, well maybe once some of these uh more traditional people retire, we can get some flexible scheduling in here, so she wants it. But apparently she can't overrule the people who have been with. She's only been to the company like four years.
I think she came from another
company where she was VP. So she's qualified. But apparently she can't take on the more traditionalists who
have been here
for 2030
years.
I might just get my doctor
to see if my doctor
can come up with something uh Where I have to be allowed to work from home at least part of the time. That feels kind of like cheating. But to the same token already I'm already on FMLA to be able to not get fired for calling out at least once a month for my headaches. So I feel like if they can if I cannot call out at all it's you know, unless I get really sick and work from home part of the time. That's a pretty good compromise. But we'll
see what
they
say.
We're going to get something
done.
I can still log on and take a phone call probably unless I have no
voice. Yeah.
Well and if I am having a bad headache day, it's like because I can, no one can see me so I can turn all the lights off so it doesn't aggravate my headache and
I
can
and
I can have really low volume like on everything I need, I can keep my phone it just loud enough that I can hear the customer and then I can work through my headache versus if I'm having a bad headache day and I know I have to go into the office, it's just not possible. I can make it maybe an hour and then I'm like okay I have to go home like this is too painful to live. I cannot do this today,
We'll see what happens. I'm really hoping that they'll come up with something. They already closed down one regional office and said they're just going to work from home permanently, but there's only like nine of them. So they were like,
why
bother paying for an office.
Yeah. I mean, personally,
I
think
it's way less necessary
than they seem to think it is because I think most
jobs as is proven during covid can be done remotely. Like, I think
most
jobs you don't need to be there physically, some of the billion department does need to be there physically. That's definitely
true. Um, to process checks and that sort of thing, but there's no reason that half of us couldn't work from home part time and then we couldn't rotate like half of us work part time from home, you know, one week, the other half work from home the other week, like there's no reason and we'd use way less resources at the office. But then again, they just bought us this fancy new building and remodeled it. So they're probably like, we did not pay all of that money for a new building only
to have
everyone
stay home.
I
mean I guess the transaction had been
in the works for a
while, but they spent I I started
two years ago when I started, they were remodeling the new building. So it took them probably a year longer than they thought it was going to to finish the remodel after I started. But yeah, they did just redo the whole building and moved a bunch of people over there. So yeah.
I think they needed
more
space
and part, well, I mean I don't know that this is their motivation, but now we contain one square block of downtown, first or 1st and 2nd to second. So I think that maybe that because we were kind of pushing further down into second to third. And so now with the new building, we should be able to be fully contained in that square block. And I
wonder if that was part of the motivation was to keep it like we're one square block of town.
All
right. We'll also our old entrance was on second, not first, which is not the main street. And so I think they wanted the building that was on first
so that
they could
have people,
Yeah, so they can people coming into the building that they wanted them to come into. Of course, now that Covid is happening, that was supposed to be our new entrance. But now we don't have security because they have them they're not having security come in so
they're like everyone use the old entrance and that's where you should refer all the customers
to like okay, what was that point? Yeah.
Yeah. Oh wow. All right. He will get worked
out one way or the other. Yeah.
I'm
gonna put yeah, I'm gonna push for it because I'm way more productive. All of my work is done by, I don't know, 10 a.m. Every day I get in at eight. So then the
whole rest
of the day I just have to take phone calls and help new people. And I'm like, you guys could pile on so many more reports. You could give me like 18 more reports and I'd still get them all done every day. Do you realize how underutilized I am right now. You could literally just have me work from home and I can do all of the reports myself every single day. Yeah.
All right. Well,
we'll see what happens. Okay.
I guess it also depends on what happens with Covid too because of Covid stretches on long enough because they keep asking the surveys like are you guys comfortable coming back to work? And my answer is always no, he's downtown is way too busy. I'm not comfortable coming back. So there are 1200 people who work for us. Like if one of them has Covid, we're all fucked. Like.
And then they're going to go ahead and get another
18,000
people sick. Like
one
bad elevator ride will take out an entire department if not more like so
It really is. And like we've been really lucky so far because no one because the people who traveled when it first had to quarantine and then we shut down the company basically and we were all working from home. So no one in the company got it yet. But like if they bring us back, it's only a matter of time. Mhm.
Well I think we hit our 25 minute mark.
You too.
Thanks. I appreciate that. I hope that your kids are able to go to school successfully and safely.
You do