Okay. Right. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. All right. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Really? No. Oh, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. First. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. What? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Trying to get pregnant. Yeah. Okay. The professors. Yeah. Mhm. Your dog? Hello? How are you?
Not
bad. So is this your first time doing this or?
Uh This is from, well, my fifth successful one by 61 total.
I think I've only had one that was kind of dry, but other than that everybody's been nice. I did figure out that they match a woman up with a man. I figure
I was wondering how it goes because, you know, the first couple times from like it can't be luck that I just keep on getting a woman there
has to be and then,
but
then by like the fifth one I was like okay now I know what's going on, how they try to figure out what they're looking for.
So now I understand that okay, they mix it up that way, so.
Exactly. That number four, number five. And I was like okay, that's it. I know what's going on. So
yeah, how long have you been doing prolific for?
But I
told you I registered
agent
ago, but
I really
just started
doing it
over the
possible.
Uh huh.
Yeah, I think that's pretty much the same thing as me right around March is when I, but I don't think I couldn't even remember how I found it, but I signed up for it and I think I've made like like $1000 at this point.
Right. Right. Well the one thing I like about this is it has a very low payout. So like what? You know it's £5 which is like what $7. So so it's easy to you know bang them out and then it takes really well considered compared to
the other ones.
Well.
What?
What?
Well
because I mean I I use I don't you might use a survey junkie.
Good
work.
Okay because I I found that one and that's the only other one I do and that's just exactly
like what you said where like they they have like 20 available on a day and don't get accepted for like percent of them. So you know they give you like three cents for each rejection. Then most of the time it's like 80 cents for each survey you do. So it's just a grind to do it where with prolific. You know I I had one that was like I don't know 20 minutes long and it paid 10 bucks so.
That's
come on.
how much time do they look for you to put in with playing with the website?
Don't want
only.
Now is it a thing where like that you have certain tasks you have to
do
in order to be done or do they just give you a general lot in the time you have to reach?
Out of that,
I understand
the question.
nobody. That's not bad. What else did? Okay.
I mean
it's
another one
of the functionality
of
absent website
usual.
thank
us.
I was thinking about all right, that's cool. I keep on trying to find one that will do like the consumer product testing.
And
So
Right. I was gonna
say
it's
like
I'm just gonna say it's not like one of those like amazon reviews were like I'm a paid tester for this thing and can see
what
On.
right. You don't wanna be that person be like hey by the way because
almost
I'm sure
they probably have some way of tracking that
I
quit.
I can't
stop.
No, that's certainly
didn't
think.
Yeah it's hardly upsetting if you get something crappy, really
good
on
this.
Okay, that's cool.
No something
you're
more
familiar
with
it.
Right. Rather than somebody who did a Kickstarter and start throwing you know, like it's made somebody's bad though now. Where are you from?
Yeah, New Jersey. No,
that
was
No. Uh How are you guys doing the whole covid thing?
Well, now, how how is it like around you, like, like it's all like all the restaurants open, you have to wear a mask
when you go outside any of that stuff
go
Well, it's curious how it is in, you know, the midwest, because you know, New Jersey, right, I'm 30 minutes away from New york city, so I've got a billion people around me. And um we went through like everything shut down like essentially from March to really like july like blocked in your house. That was the end of it. Uh huh. Right now we're you have to wear a mask. What like when you're outside, just like walking around, you don't need like a parking lot, something like that park, you don't need it. Um But if you go into any sort of store you have to do it otherwise to kick you out. And restaurants, they have they've had the outside dining for a long time now uh since july but they just started 25% indoor dining, I want to say september, that was nice.
But again you have to wear your mask until you sit down. Once you sit down you can take it off obviously to eat and everything like that, but once you're done you have to put it back on, get up to pay and everything.
It's
just
it's
just the main
very soon. I find it amazing how it just traveled everywhere. Like like you know obviously you know it's going to hit the coast
because the flights come into so you know, L A. New york but then how it just, you know, went everywhere. It's just amazing.
Right. Because well because I remember hearing about it in december, was that one of my uh some soccer games and one of the other dads, he's a pharmacy rep. So he goes to place selling whatever that we sell. But you know, I asked him, I'm like, oh have you run into anything yet airports where like, you know, they ask you where you traveled or anything like that. He's like what are you talking about? And I'm like, oh well there's this you know this coronavirus thing in china where like you know, I'm imagining that you know it's going to be hitting us soon because you know, nothing shut down. He's like no I haven't heard anything. He's the guy just came back from texas and then that was december. Then you went through like february. Let me like, you started hearing like little first of it was then when March happened, it was like the end of day, everybody's got it like everybody was like getting it that was dying. And
then it
I think we went up to family. I think we went up to 700,000 cases or something like
that in New Jersey.
And then and then I mean, I did that. I think we've had 50,000 deaths. All right. Yes.
Then it dropped down and we were having like, I don't know, like 300 like in my county we were having like one or two cases a day here and there and but in the state of the whole it was like 304 102 100 like, you know, low fluctuate. Like nobody hang anymore. And now all of a sudden back up to like 1200
what?
No.
I
so
I
don't remember the
cloud,
It's
sort
of anybody. I mean my kids have to do the hybrid thing where they go to school for two days, then three days their home, they do the virtual stuff and it's just like, uh like, you know, I don't, my my wife brings him to school because you know, I don't want to put them on a bus and I have to wear a mask and it's
stupid, but you know, it's no fun to do that. You know, I'll just drive you, you put your mask on really good to school and that's it. I'm not gonna for showing a 40 minute bus ride and it can take me 15 minutes dump you off. Uh huh.
So it's just like, and then I think they're talking about in november, we're going to open it up to
full
five days a week, but half days and then they're aiming for december to be full time.
Right. Well, you know, it's funny because like a lot of people I talked to that do like telecommuting, like to work and everything. Their businesses are just like to stay home, like it's working out well, you know, there's no law, there's actually people work more when they're delicate moving.
careful.
No.
Mark.
So like that's it. Like after eight hours you just, your your work quality, this increases to the point of nothing,
leave
that
later.
Funny
when you're up for like 16 hours a day.
Wait
what?
Right, just shuts down, you're like, okay, you're going to sleep good to hear.
I'm like who? Who worked eight hours goes home and goes to bed, you know?
Fuck on
someone,
I'm
gonna do
like
I
would ask
her, I'm like, I'm concerned about you driving because eight hours, obviously you should not be in charge of £4000 of steel to go down.
If you
just want
to go, that's too bad.
You guys have any sort of like overtime
at all or now,
like
what you like the rest of you, like you guys have anything like that or
I'm
just curious like it's just like something she just says to avoid paying overtime, like
well,
no small.
I love to know what she thinks about doctors that works like 24 hours left.
That was good to see everybody else that goes over there. You couldn't die. He's forgetting everything he learned in those eight years of school
What?
What?
riots
inefficiency.
She's global.
Did not have that much input for somebody who's been there forever mm
Doctor
you by
Well
that's
the
other thing, I'm like, you know, okay, say your second, you're working for more often, you're probably still going to work because your home, what
do you
like, like you know, almost dying with a fever and you're laying in bed other than that you're gonna be like all right, well I can still do something,
I can
I mean right there that would eliminate all the time benefits and everything like that.
great, you can
lay
in bed and do it,
you sleep?
yeah, no I agree with you. Mhm
Well that's
what
you're what do they need to be open for? They work? Well, what is the benefit of having people coming to work versus having them telecommute? Like obviously you do building, but what else goes on where they need people physically to be at the office
first
of
all more?
Well,
I think
no,
absolutely.
What?
This is
sit
there empty,
that's what it Uh huh What terrible timing, think
what
back,
what
piper?
they just need more space or they
I think that's
the second
word.
All
Right, right, Well, there's always that sense of, you know, well that has to be on the
block
who
facing
the
way
at home?
Well
horrible.
Yourself?
I hope you end up working at home, I mean, you know, you
can do it,
Was
that
that's just like you said like, you know, you're you're comfortable, you don't have to like, you know, like you said like drive in, get read all that other stuff, we're sitting there in your pajamas as we like eating a bowl of cereal, doing what you need to do and we're like,
take him out.
Yeah, no, I agree with you. Hopefully they
right now because you're going to get you know what, you're gonna get everybody that's within, you know, six ft of them, six
they touched
they touched the door.
They this everybody, you
know just
Then if and then if nobody is symptomatic, then you've got those people are walking around spreading it until something, you know? And depending on how you react with it. I mean like I know for example with the kids schools, if they have one person test pause if they shut the school down for two weeks. So you know, depending on how quickly you do that or if you're just like, okay, well they're going to self isolate then you've got more people that have it. Is this the the the massive domino effect in the ass?
Oh, absolutely. I agree
already. Well, it was a pleasure talking to you.
I hope you get to stay at home.
There you have a good night,