I'm good, how are you? Uh huh.
Mhm. Yeah, I kind of do I well actually, I I usually just um talk to my friends through a video chat nowadays.
Okay, it's just that
I guess uh what is there to talk about? What hobbies have you had, sleep? It?
Uh honestly, I've just mostly been like um I've been preparing for some college related stuff since I'm entering college this fall and thank you, I've also I've also just kind of I've been playing some, I've been playing games and I guess watching shows mostly other than that,
but it's been
busy.
Video games, yeah, mm.
Uh Their computer games. Mhm
that's always fun with friends.
Um what kind of stuff have you been watching?
Oh yeah, I heard a lot of good things about it.
Pocket,
that's yeah, that's always a good way to pass the time while doing other stuff, i if you always have that habit uh Yeah,
I'm really guilty of that. Mhm.
I'm going to do computer science so. Mhm.
Oh, it is every all of these conversations like located in the US.
Uh in texas. What about you?
No.
Yeah, we love, you know.
Yeah. Austin yeah. Austin seems to be like cool. I like I went there for I just went there for a college tour recently but like I wish that I could have spent more time in the area. It seems like a lot of fun, like preventative.
I really hope so. All right. Yeah. Oh
it's three o'clock right now.
And
Honestly, yeah. Mhm. We don't need to have a lot of interests in common. Yeah,
really hope to learn more about the field like in college because I honestly don't know much about it. I just I just know that like coding is fun and I guess cybersecurity and ai seem pretty cool but other than that I don't really know what I'm doing,
artificial
intelligence.
Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. And it's it seems to be developing quickly. Mhm.
It's
just
mhm. What kind of stuff do you?
yeah, psychology has always been really interesting to me. Like I wouldn't pursue it as a field, but it's like I guess I love I love learning about how the brain works. True.
This
it's definitely a really important props, cheap. Yeah, like yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm. That's good. I hope everything goes on.
This is
okay. Okay. Yeah, things are definitely different with covid and everything.
it's it's really it's a really nice aspect of it I guess in a way you like. Yeah, because personally I like not not necessarily, I'm not saying that like I think this pandemic is a good thing as a result. But I have I have met um I have met some people online because of it and it was nice.
uh huh. Gaming and some online some ways to meet people online, like through some other people going to my college, so that's what Mhm.
Yeah, I did, yeah,
it was it's clearly crazy to think about the fact that my last class was right before spring break, but yeah. Mhm. We made a deal with everything though, like my friends ended up using roadblocks by prom actually it
was fun.
we had a lot of fun with that.
huh. Yeah, whatever works right, okay.
Uh my colleges opening, but I have a feeling, but like most of the professors are moving their classes online and I don't know how many of the activities are going to work, like probably be online some form. But it will definitely be different than what I than what I expected a while back. At least
it
is what it is. And
I'm moving on campus like see I feel like this is a bit selfish of me to say but it's more because because like I want that change and like not living at home necessarily, but I guess it's like certain aspects of the lifestyle like specifically at that college, like the proximity to home and the I guess the dorm situation there like I feel like it would make it safer than at other colleges, like it makes it easier to self isolated necessary and that kind of thing.
I will have a roommate while a suite mate I guess. Which isn't. Yeah, So I would. Uh huh.
It's
soon. Which is crazy to think about.
Uh Yeah, about your weeks. Yeah.
Mhm. Wait, did you you want to, did you go to college for a psychologist or? Okay. How was that experience for you look?
Mhm.
You
can
make,
I'm looking for wait,
hopefully. I mean college is a decently long amount of time. Yeah.
Yeah.
Come. Yeah.
For
help.
But that that sounded uh wait, did you what did you like want to go into research?
because yeah, there's definitely a lot to unpack there. I would.
Thank
you.
Good.
Yeah. Yeah, I do. Um I most of them are computers escalated, but I'm also taking I'm also taking uh calculus to which I'm a little nervous about because
I heard
it was really hard.
Yeah, I did. That's an 80 last year. Yeah.
But
a psychology doesn't need it like in a way, I suppose. That's nice.
Mhm. I think some of my friends have that cheer, like honest, like it seems like it would be created to not have math as part of school.
Simple.
That's part of I guess an issue that I find with the school system where like I guess a lot a lot of the information especially related to like, like not just sound like a stereotypical student but just like his like certain aspects of like history classes and like stuff that like people, certain people won't use for the rest of their life, like I don't know, I found it weird to that everyone has to learn it in high school. Mhm.
Yeah, exactly, like it's not
part of the standard curriculum per se, like. Yeah, I can't I can't think of any classes at my high school author that would actually directly help with that.
I guess I guess in a way it allows for some people to succeed more than others, which is kind of a sad reality. But yeah, it would be nice to at least have some idea how to manage finances
and they definitely waste show loan like online. But yeah, it's it's different. Right?
Oh
actually like at the end of high school I actually thought it was really nice because I guess because it allowed me to adapt, adapt everything to my schedule. Yeah.
So I could I could have just like my sleep cycle probably got messed up as a result of it, but like I was able to talk to people during the day and then work on my schoolwork during the night when most people weren't awake.
yeah, did you pick up any new hobbies lately?
True.
That makes
mm. Um I've kind of just learned how I've actually looked into playing, I guess more games and um and like watching more shows that I haven't I haven't really had the time for uh because of like the way that my schedule was like more rigid and like I guess I guess since I need it like it was more difficult to manage
my time
as a result because certain things were scheduled, but I didn't have that, I don't have that now and then without school, it's like I guess in some past summers I've always just been doing like more academic stuff but I don't have as much of that now.
What's
up?
Um I've been watching the japanese anime quite a bit, yep.
But what?
I don't know those are they, are they more kids shows? Yeah. Yeah.
But yeah there's so much stuff out.
it's like animated show said like I guess a show being animated doesn't really say much about like how adult it is. So how much?
I watched like I ended up watching like watching all the way through except for like the most recent stuff.
I started like happy steven universe future.
Yeah it was definitely different. Yeah.
Yeah. Did you like the, did you like the end of victim? Yeah.
Mhm.
No.
Do
you got,
and this is this is a great character. I feel like I feel like I relate to her the most out of the main characters.
Mhm. Big sense.
click here.
Since
uhh I started watching fans for a little one too like kind of dropped it so
Oh. Oh like are the early are the early episodes a lot better?
This is
Oh yeah people are a lot more socially aware now which is pretty good and
Uh this weekend? Uh Yeah I I was just packing stuff for my dorm. Nothing super interesting.
I haven't had to actually which is Mhm.
What? Have you have you done anything this weekend anything mm.
Two sounds like mango, Yeah.
Mhm Uh huh She's worth that thought. Mhm,
Mom,
Yeah, I have a younger brother, yeah.
uh see like I guess in general it's uh it's in general like we just don't spend a huge amount of time together, we kind of just have our own interests, but it is nice talking about, I guess more shared interests now that we both have a lot more time on our hands.
uh mm. Not really, honestly,
yeah, honestly, but yeah, something,
Yeah, mm
hmm.
Mhm I see.
Uh he's two years younger than me. Mhm.
Well, yes, well, I wouldn't necessarily say we have a lot of, some of the same friends, but we do know some of the same people as in the cell. Okay.
Uh huh. Is this good? In a way though, approx considering, like, I guess you can't like, they won't have no, will have an impression of you because of your symptoms.
Hey, that's good. Yeah, Yeah. Right. Yeah.
well, that seems like fun. What?
Okay.
And is that a lot to maintain?
you can
You think it would be like,
Mhm.
Not
really. What about you?
It was nice meeting you too. Good luck job and living in everything. Thank
you. Mhm.
Putting
it into each.