Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Hello Come here.
headphones make it look like you have you do a lot of online stuff?
Yeah that makes sense. Cool.
So I think we're supposed to talk about just anything. Right?
Um Let's see. So I used to do acro yoga which is like an acrobatic. Um It's not really yoga as much as it is like partner acrobatics. Um I haven't done that um quite a while so uh mostly take my dog out for a walk. Um Watch tv haven't been reading as much lately or doing puzzles. Yeah. What about you?
like
up
yeah video games or?
they like computer games or a system games?
I think I played the roadblock stuff like one time but other than that I don't really,
Yeah the boss.
Um Well I actually just started new girl today.
Yeah I started watching it like when it first came on. Um And I probably watched like the first season or two, but then I just lost track of it and now um I just moved and so as I'm unpacking I'm like oh, I should probably watch
tv while I do that.
I definitely get distracted sometimes and start watching tv instead of unpacking.
So what are you going to study in college next year?
Yeah. What part of the country are you located them?
That's a good call. That was an assumption I made. I don't know. Where do you live?
I'm
in north Carolina. I was in Arkansas for about five years ago, so texas was our neighbor.
I used to visit Austin um like once a year if I could.
Yeah. Hopefully when coronavirus passes there will be a lot more opportunities for travel.
Yeah. So it's it's four o'clock for me. I mean it's two o'clock for you or?
Yeah. Central time. That makes him cool. Mhm. Yeah, perform I do wish that they had given like a list of like here are some things that other people
talk about with strangers.
I definitely don't I don't know a ton about computer giving. I know my brother um my brother studied computer science and information technology but I don't exactly know what he does now. Mhm.
Oh that's cool. Yeah. So you're thinking um that's like cybersecurity is probably cybersecurity. What was the other one type
of field?
Oh yeah. Those are both pretty awesome. I feel like especially now um
that everything now people are really understanding the importance of everything being online and computer based too.
Yeah, for sure, definitely gonna be a good field too.
Have
a job I am.
Um So I actually am in psychology. No. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah I like understanding people and why we do what we do and also just helping people to in general, they do
a lot of clinical stuff so therapy and things like that.
Just trying to figure out um I start my new job tomorrow and so I'm trying to take it pretty easy tonight and you know make dinner and just relax.
Yeah thanks I'll be I'll be here online so it'll
not really sure what to expect.
Mhm. Yeah. You mentioned being able to keep in touch with people on the computer though.
Oh that's me like through gaming or in another way.
Yeah. That's a and you started talking to people already. That's so cool. Yeah I was I was wondering about that because I does that mean that you graduated high school just now too
can't even imagine like not having all those regular things like you know from or graduation and like your last class
goodness.
That's so cool. Did you guys um I know that there's like something about being able to change your avatars like clothes and stuff. Did you dress up?
That's so cool. Yeah I don't even think I would know how to navigate something like that at this point.
we're getting to meet people already. Is do you have anything on campus when you start
Yeah for sure. It's hard to know what to expect in general
and then when all this happens that makes a lot of sense.
Yeah. So do you have to move like are you moving on campus?
Oh that's good. Will you have a roommate there?
well suite mate isn't bad if they like have their own little room and stuff but yeah I understand the desire to move out and be on your own.
That was.
Yeah. How soon for you? Is it like two weeks or?
Thanks.
Um I feel like an undergrad, it was a lot of the like the basic classes I really liked I really like learning um about. Yes.
Mhm. Trying
to think
back
to like what what was what I liked about it back then? Um I think I liked college as a whole more than like really getting into psychology. They're like living with people and um like the dorm experience and going out definitely like being on my own was pretty cool. Uh
Yeah also hopefully I mean hopefully you guys will get to still hang out at some point.
sure
even if it's like 2021 you'll still have plenty of time. Yeah.
So I think yeah I learned about like we have different classes and like social psychology or cognitive um And like it started out with like a general and then like research methods. Um True.
Pretty
important for all types of ants.
Yeah. I think I think I always wanted a little bit of research in my life to like why do people want these things like knowing knowing how and why it makes them. Yeah.
Yeah. Sorry I've got this um
the soda stream
where it makes water like carbonated, so it always like makes a nice
wanna open it. Oh do you know what classes you have your first semester?
Did
you
did you take calculus one in high school?
I think I took calculus A. B. But I don't remember if I actually took the test or not. I think I do because
I definitely didn't take math again in college.
I think I think Micale KB score was high enough that they said I didn't need to take any other math, but like if I had already done calculus that that was enough, think I like test it out of it or something.
I know. Yeah I definitely use like math a lot but a lot of it is like statistical software stuff um that I don't think it's any more advanced math and calculus, it's usually just like basic
um addition subtraction, like finding means or standard deviations and stuff like that. So
Yeah I think it's the way that the curriculums are set up are often like I mean maybe they're different now but like I didn't learn about how to do taxes in high school or um things like that, like things that I feel like I could have been helpful, we're not part of it.
on.
Yeah. And that, you know, the history itself is just so limited. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm sure it's some there's got to be some high schools that have that, but.
Yeah.
How have you liked switching to online learning lately?
Oh, that's cool.
Nice. Yeah. Really make the most of your social time. I think the first couple, like the first couple of months I had like a really I was working and so I still continue to work like normal because everybody was expecting me to be there and like I had clients at the same times and stuff like that. Um But after a while um it definitely and then I took some time off and my sleep schedule was the same, we're just like I would actually end up sleeping later or I wake up really early in the morning, walk my dog, and then I would just take a nap, can be up like all night. Um And I kind of missed that, like that's something that I used to do in high school and college that it was nice to kind of get back to and now I've had to switch it because I have to start worked for oh eight o'clock
at all I think. So um my partner has a five year old daughter and so spend a lot of time with her. Um So I guess I've picked up hobbies like playing Disney monopoly
and um yeah just a lot of back back riding bikes a lot. I have a the apartment I moved to has a pool. And so they have like only certain people, like only a certain number of people can go at a time. But um we're like teaching her to swim when we go and. Yeah. Yeah I guess I haven't really felt like I've had a ton of extra time to do anything new.
What about you?
No.
What?
Yeah. Yeah that makes sense. Do
they
that you don't have like a reading list or anything ahead of school right now? Right. Yeah. What sort of shows have you gotten into lately?
Yeah
I know that in general like our little ones been watching Miyazaki films a lot but she just started watching keep oh and some other ones that I haven't been watching with her as much.
I think like the Miyazaki films were definitely like um stuff that's been around for a while that like, I don't know if it's entirely kids, it's animation, but it's good friendly, that's for sure.
Yes, there really is. I'm a friend that is like exclusively watches animated shows, like it was a full grown adult. That's, it's pretty cool,
Yeah, like I watch steven Universe. I don't know if you oh,
Oh yeah, because they had the movie and then steven Universe Future, wow,
that makes sense. It was, it was different.
I feel like I pushed through it because I had gotten so far, but I was like, I at least have to finish it, like it's going to be over.
Uh it was okay.
I feel like I liked the
original stuff
better.
Like I really liked Amethysts and so anything with granite was that's
Yeah, she was pretty goofy. I feel like once they started adding all those other characters, I was just like, this is too much. Mhm Yeah, I don't know that I've watched my each other animated stuff lately. That wasn't kids stuff.
Yeah, we don't want a ton of, I don't watch it on tv in general. Um but the place I just moved to has cable and so because
I have it, I've been mostly watching reruns of Friends, but otherwise just like seeing what's on tv.
See.
Yeah, I don't feel like that show aged very well. Like, I mean they stopped making anything in like 2000 and four and I just don't think that it's kept up like
it's more so that it like existed in a different time. So when it comes to like sexism and
like how, how they treat the different characters and like some of the jokes they make that it just it's not funny more like there's certain stuff from just like how did they get away with them?
Yeah. Yeah there were a lot of stereotypes built into that show and so I watch it now and it's like I remember enjoying it at the time but when I watch it now I'm just like they really just say that so now step into breath. Did you do anything exciting this weekend?
Yeah. Do you have to by a lot of new things to get ready?
That's really helpful when you already have with stuff that you need?
Not too much. I think we went to the Pool on friday. Um But yeah watch kids movie last night.
mostly trying to just finish unpacking um and get ready for work tomorrow. So it's been a lot of like decorating and breaking down boxes, vacuuming and all that for yourself. Yeah moving it's not very fun.
I think so and I think you're hopefully you're moved to the dorm room like you'll only be bringing the stuff that really excites you and or the stuff that you need. That's pretty cool.
Do you have any siblings at home with you?
has that been with everybody being home in the house?
That's cool. Yeah. Do you guys have dinner together or?
Yeah so you get to kind of do your own thing and catch up with each other when you feel like it.
Um Yeah my brother is older so we also didn't really hang out together too much and have very different interests. Um
Yeah.
Yeah. Think that sometimes at least for us because we're five years apart so.
Yeah. How much younger is your brother?
he go to the same, did you guys go to the same high school? Okay.
Um I thought about that yeah. Whereas I never had that with my brother because we were not even in high school at the same time.
Yeah because we went to the same high school but he was already gone to like some of the teachers knew who I was. But um but because we're different, it wasn't a big deal. None of the kids or people at the school like new.
Um Yes for time's sake, maybe one more question or something. Uh Oh I just looked at my window. One new thing that I've been starting has actually been growing plants. I've been growing a lot of vegetables.
Yes like I guess that's a hobby. I've got cucumbers out there and some kale and some peppers, um
tomatoes. I have an egg plant growing. So my friend like started them all from seeds and then I got them when they were like really little and now they're like actually growing and reducing vegetables. So I got them back and nay and it took a while for them to start obviously. But it's been nice because I can be home and right after this I should go water them. But yeah I've been trying to remember to do that every day.
Not really it's just like I don't really have a container like I'm in an apartment right now and so I don't have like a host so I have to like take a big container back and forth from my sink to water them so
it takes a little bit of time. Right?
Yeah. I mean I get cucumbers and tomatoes and peppers from it so. Yeah pretty
cool. But yeah. All right. Well I think we hit our 25 minutes. Is there anything else you wanted to talk
about before we flying off?
I think that's it. That was really good meeting you.
Thank you. And good luck with moving in college.
Take
care.