SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: Oh hi how are you?
SPEAKER_L: all right great, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Okay Good. Sorry I just got am I got like five minutes noticed that I got scheduled?
SPEAKER_L: I did too. I got seven minutes notice and
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: walked
SPEAKER_R: your friend
SPEAKER_L: on 30:30 ago so it's perfect.
SPEAKER_R: awesome. Have you done this before
SPEAKER_L: Yes This is my 3rd.
SPEAKER_R: your third? Okay I was supposed to do one yesterday but they didn't show up so I was really sad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Did you? Uh Well I guess you didn't get paid you get paid a couple of bucks or something if they don't show I think.
SPEAKER_R: Um I think I just did, it was like 2 50 I think so
SPEAKER_L: that sounds
SPEAKER_R: I didn't have nothing.
SPEAKER_L: Yes that's right.
SPEAKER_R: Where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: Pittsburgh pennsylvania
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: about you.
SPEAKER_R: I'm from Oregon but I'm currently in California.
SPEAKER_L: Oh really? We're thinking of visiting California had done this, we were touring around almost went and I don't know if something is holding us back another virus hit so we want to come and visit but
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: we're gonna have to wait.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah the virus makes visiting and traveling just hard. It is such so different.
SPEAKER_L: Where are you at? In California? Are you living in Oregon or visiting? I mean in California.
SPEAKER_R: So my spouse is active duty military so we're near san Diego. I was born and raised in Oregon but I haven't been back in a long time. A very long time.
SPEAKER_L: mm Good. You
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like California Oregon better?
SPEAKER_R: Um So that's kind of a tricky answer. I like the outdoors parts of Oregon better but I don't think I really got to experience a lot of it growing up but I like that here I get to go out and explore a lot. It's definitely kind of like different vs Oregon though,
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: the little
SPEAKER_L: a I when I was younger I always wanted to come visit Oregon because the coast look fantastic. There's always these parks or state parks right on the coast.
SPEAKER_R: it's beautiful. I actually um I lived on the coast for about a year when I
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: was in high school. It's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: Medford or
SPEAKER_R: Um seaside, so about 2.5, 4 hours from Portland, but very nice and just completely different than anywhere else in Oregon on the coast.
SPEAKER_L: you recommend seaside for a place to visit or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, most definitely.
SPEAKER_L: what's further north and away from California? Right about three hours. Okay
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Think total from where I'm a, it's like an 18 hour drive, but it's definitely worth it.
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: I want to go back when the virus is all gone.
SPEAKER_L: how long have you been away? You said report,
SPEAKER_R: Um seven years, 8 years I think. Yeah. Have you always been in um pennsylvania?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I grew up like 10 minutes from here and then You know it just moved up up here 20 years ago. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that'd
SPEAKER_L: always Always within 10 minutes. All my my parents, brother and sister, we all live within 10 minutes of each other our whole life.
SPEAKER_R: That's really nice though to have that and have your family that close?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's amazing.
SPEAKER_R: No, you're awesome. Yeah. You
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: know. Mad.
SPEAKER_L: you're Oregon yep from
SPEAKER_R: mm. What?
SPEAKER_L: Oregon in California? Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've lived a lot of places I've lived, I went Oregon, south Carolina, north Carolina, japan and
SPEAKER_L: my how long has he been in?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, seven years I think. Yeah. Seven years.
SPEAKER_L: How do you like Japan?
SPEAKER_R: I loved it. So I didn't like it at first until the last year there. And now I want to go back. He doesn't want to go back though. But I liked it a lot.
SPEAKER_L: they probably treat americans. Well there being we have the base there I would imagine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They treat them very, very good. There's, there's a small handful. Um, They're always, we were always told they were paid from like mainly in Japan. There would be protests every week. Like more kind of traditional Japanese, like political groups. But 99% of the locals were so sweet and so caring and just amazing and very different than like the crime rate was very, very low. They have an insanely low crime rate and just versus your day to day here. Like I feel safe walking around there in the middle of the night. I am.
SPEAKER_L: Well they must have stiff penalties.
SPEAKER_R: I think they do
SPEAKER_L: uh huh. They cut off your hand or your that
SPEAKER_R: that. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: or you're in Okinawa I guess. And is that kind of like a like a little or a huge city within itself or
SPEAKER_R: Mom,
SPEAKER_L: not like
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: the debate?
SPEAKER_R: pretty small. It's a pretty small island and it's very, very Americanized. So we weren't, or at least I wasn't able to travel and we were there. But I was always told any of the other cities or islands outside of Okinawa, we're not like Okinawa because it's just so much military presence there. The locals kind of adapted and just the town adopted. It was very, it was like uh it was like a weird little culture there. They would have like american themed diners and stuff and coming from America. That seems so weird. Right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's got hazing. You know they bombed Pearl Harbor, we pounded them back and dropped a nuclear weapon and now we have a red carpet over there and we're allies and they should really appreciate I'm sure they do appreciate us. There were so powerful as a military great
SPEAKER_R: Are you following the election a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: little?
SPEAKER_L: I don't watch the news. Too much. Politics can make I don't talk about politics too much like with people because it gets me I get kind of angry with us so I I kind of just purposely avoided I don't I don't
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: know anymore
SPEAKER_R: what you're right.
SPEAKER_L: but I follow it so I'm watching it's it's really hyped up. I just read something today and the thought came boy if if trump gets elected there's a lot if biden gets elected there's a lot to be some real protests and almost right it's really ugly
SPEAKER_R: It's very ugly. Like I don't, I'm trying to educate myself more on it. I'm not quite sure where I stand and I have family members on both sides and they are so hardcore in their own way. It's like either way you go, if you don't choose what they want very
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: loose.
SPEAKER_L: I'd like to uh I like to be friends and friendly with people and I never want politics to be something that would bar we have enough reasons or enough problems anyways I don't want something like that to bar me from like and just like in somebody or them not making me I don't like that.
SPEAKER_R: That's what I try to be. Um I have a sister who's about 10 years older than me and I love her, obviously she is so like if you say one political word or even say trump's name, like you cannot escape the conversation there is, you know like, oh I kind of agree with you, I kind of don't, I respect your opinions, you're wrong, like you are wrong, no matter unless you agree with her, then you're right, but very, very intense.
SPEAKER_L: the military support I think as a whole majority support trump is that correct or?
SPEAKER_R: I would from what I've seen. Yeah, especially for active duty, I think the majority want trump and support trump.
SPEAKER_L: I think he he's very pro military he's definitely I think he's bought them more advanced equipment. He stands behind him. I one thing I mean I was for George W. but I didn't like the idea that our soldiers went over there and there were times when um number one, our hands were tied, what if somebody does something to us? They weren't allowed to defend themselves or offend back offensively and I didn't like that. And secondly, I don't think they supplied our military with the right equipment we had inferior equipment they were talking about. And a third thing I can't stand is when these reporters go and embed with these soldiers and then they're reporting on our soldiers, how bad they are. You know, if the soldiers step by the way these people are going to be shot, I can't believe it's unbelievable.
SPEAKER_R: that's, I can't, it's kind of just a bad position like talking bad on them when they're there and they are, they're protecting you at least in that moment. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: give away stuff in the newspaper, they try to make the president look bad or talk about a military, you know, north Korea Germany, everybody's reading this Russia military, they they seem to be so non patriotic, you know, they do stuff that hinders that messes up the the country and the good of our country. I don't I don't agree with that at all. Free press and no free press. They shouldn't be allowed to slander the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: president.
SPEAKER_R: take great.
SPEAKER_L: I do and they should not be allowed to give this stuff out. They need to change your care free press or not. They need to do something. If you were in Russia you lose your life over what these people do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I remember um it wasn't, it was North Korea, it was in the news a couple years ago, there was like some college guy there and he was visiting and goofing off and all he did, I think he took a propaganda poster or something and they imprisoned him. And I remember a year or two ago he was brought back like I think he was in a coma or severely brain damaged for
SPEAKER_L: Otto
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: Warmbier. Yeah. Warm here or something like that from Ohio Yeah they don't fool around. He's
SPEAKER_R: it was,
SPEAKER_L: playing games and I mean he shouldn't be dead but he should definitely not be falling around. Those NBA players went to china and they stole sunglasses. You know they're they're fooling around over there and they the president over there so that is a very severe penalty. I think they were going to get 15 years or something and trump talked leader and got them out and that those guys are leaving. They reluctant the one of them I think reluctantly thank them. But they fool around man when you're when I'm in a different state. I don't even I don't drive aggressively. Note that I do anyway. I don't someone cuts me off. I don't lay on the horse. I don't even do it in another state. I'd never do in another country minutes that you're asking for it.
SPEAKER_R: I want to do it in California. I've read news articles here of people like pulling out guns if you like, show any form, even if they're in the wrong, like any form of aggression or even like looking at them the wrong way and I'm sleeping wolf. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: people do have crazier.
SPEAKER_L: We're thinking about flying in the Vegas then drive the L. A. I think that's four or six hours and then go up the gulf coast highway up up along the coast to
SPEAKER_R: I haven't
SPEAKER_L: like Monterey and they jump jump back either either go in. If we like California go in and maybe come down right five or whatever it is or just hang there if we don't like it, maybe go to Vegas and over into Salt Lake City just make a loop. But I don't know. I think I think we'll be right in California. I think it's it's more laid back, more liberal. I think people will accept to there's a lot of serial killing but um you know over the years, but that's that's got an increased population. So maybe that's why. But I think I think I have a family, five kids. I think we'd be safe there. Your career. Right?
SPEAKER_R: I have a young daughter, I feel decently safe here. I mean, I know there's a high human trafficking rate, at least where we are. And I've heard personal stories from other like moms and families in my area having like sketchy experiences. But I think as long as you watch your family, like I feel decently safe exploring and most of the time it's just me and my daughter out exploring somewhere new or hiking and like I feel decently safer. I think it's just
SPEAKER_L: fight,
SPEAKER_R: you being here.
SPEAKER_L: be fine for a couple of weeks vacation or something. I'm sure you go to hotels to you, you know you're going to be around people and then the hotel that they're typically warn their people, you know I always ask that question on foreign place and we safe to walk around here at night or no. Right.
SPEAKER_R: there's definitely some places I have heard that or not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. In san
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: Diego
SPEAKER_R: you. I think I've heard I don't remember the area. I know there's like some areas that are just not as good as others. We've only been done in san Diego once or twice now and each time we managed to get a hotel that was under a remodel. So like it's nice right around it but not inside but no like crime or anything but usually most of the really populated areas are nice and safe. Speaking of serial killers um I'm trying to remember what it is if you ever want a really interesting read trying google highway serial killers either read it Nevada or California but it started back I think in the eighties or nineties a string of them it was Nevada of serial killers or suspected serial killings along some highways. And there's a couple of stories that should come up immediately on google with Nevada highway serial killers that are really, really interesting. Pretty much like people driving into the night and then they find their car the next day and never find another trace, but literally never ever, ever again. But it's fascinating.
SPEAKER_L: It is. I I've watched a lot, I've studied the serial killers just on a casual basis and you could see it from the childhood ted Bundy his mother, you know the dad left or divorced or whatever and he got the step dad and she followed the step dad around and he had, he was just like a tail drug out there. He, I don't know when, when you look at it some of the stuff your heart just weeks you could cry for these people. But
SPEAKER_R: that's right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you see some of it, some of them obviously their mothers like prostitution and then these serial killers, they killed prostitutes. It seems to be just taking that anger out on their mother. But it's all these other girls, you know the anger they have for their mother and other girls. What one serial killer? She's languages as a alien war must or something like that. You ever read her? If you if you read that girl's childhood, I mean she killed these people I that girl she makes me so sad. If you if you it's A I. L. E. And a
SPEAKER_R: I know,
SPEAKER_L: line
SPEAKER_R: insane. I
SPEAKER_L: She
SPEAKER_R: read something the other day and her, there's a documentary, but it said she had like she was like very, very badly abused by like
SPEAKER_L: very bad for
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: her for her to kill men is almost I mean I never condone it, but for her to do what she did. If you look at her childhood, it's unbelievable, unbelievable what she went through. I I feel so sorry for her and they're making her out like she's a Syracuse and they put her to death or so they're so vengeful. And I mean, let's face it, we all do stuff and we're Children or when we're young, When no matter what we've gone through, what are what are what we raised like when we're 18 to become adults were responsible, Jeffrey Dahmer. He's responsible for him himself as an adult, no matter what caused him, we're all responsible for it. And she but there is so much from her past. The it's horrible. I can't even imagine. I feel so bad for her,
SPEAKER_R: I'll definitely look into that one. I know. Um was it Eddie temper? Doesn't he have an abusive mother? I probably name wrong
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's something like that. Yeah, I know who you mean. I don't know about his, I can't think of my head but I know that name sounds familiar.
SPEAKER_R: at least a very over overbearing mother. Like you're constantly going at him like his entire childhood and then he cracked.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's so sad.
SPEAKER_R: it was very sad, especially because you have to imagine there are obviously one's Children and if that's all, you know, is that horrific treatment, like it's gonna be a bad start and it's going to condition your brain in that way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It says um I see you're crossed in the background. It says in the bible, you know the train up a child in ways he goes when he's will not depart from it. And I've learned more and more about that. That training is not so much you telling them, are you saying go to church or you, but what? You walk before him every day like a mother goose, She has babies and she does this and they follow and it becomes imprinted in them, in tattooed and if you will, and that's the same thing when you're raising your child, what you're doing, you can tell them this way, but if you're living another way, that's what they get in a lot of times, parents are frustrated with their rebellious kids or whatever. But really what they're, what they're frustrated with is they see themselves in those kids, I think. And um, I don't know, it's just the way
SPEAKER_R: Me.
SPEAKER_L: you live, it becomes in these the people of serial killers now, it's just what they lived and this just became imprinted on them and that's just what they do so
SPEAKER_R: biggest
SPEAKER_L: many.
SPEAKER_R: hope is that I don't leave anything to imprint on my daughter. I don't want, did I have any any trauma that comes inflicted for me or her father or her home? Like obviously I don't want anything bad to ever happen to your kid that anything that I can prevent and not do is my biggest prayer for her because
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's that's me when I I um years ago, um, you know, I I didn't live the best life. I did things now
SPEAKER_R: More
SPEAKER_L: as a team but when I repented of that when I've changed I not only you know God forgives your past and you live there but you repent and regret what you did. You never want to live away and then you you pray and plead and hope that your Children never reap what you did. You know? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: stuff
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: fully.
SPEAKER_L: that's basically where you're where you're at what you're saying right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's never well, I didn't have the best childhood. My sister had it worse than I did. But my biggest like another thing I hope I try not to pass on how I was raised to her and I think I've succeeded so far. But like in a very minor like I know when you have a more traumatic childhood it's probably much harder to separate yourself from that. But
SPEAKER_L: I I think two things on that number one when when you when you accept christ he makes gives you a new life. He forgives your past and he makes all things new and I think that in itself can change everything when you're honestly truly heart repenting and you you God takes he takes your memory even the way of your sin he takes it out of you. You
SPEAKER_R: Now.
SPEAKER_L: people, even if someone brings up something you did years ago or something, it doesn't affect you, it's not there or something, you know, God God removes that and you plead with God that he has mercy that my Children never he he knows your heart, he knows you change. And the second thing I think is very strong. I saw a neighbor girl growing up wasn't the best home, but girls can come out of a family that's even even bad or and somehow God makes him a complete of God makes them so that when they even if they come out of a bad environment, they can actually go in and almost become under the identity of the husband. And a lot of times a girl in a broken home uh you know, dysfunctional childhood. A girl can go out and and function you know, with her new family, with the husband. I I don't know how to say she, she seems to adapt and can take a traumatic childhood and actually have a perfect, you know, a good life. Were the boys
SPEAKER_R: Students
SPEAKER_L: so much that it's more, it's
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: little harder.
SPEAKER_R: I could see that especially because I feel like, I feel like men have so much more responsibility on their shoulders, especially once they turn 18 and just so much more responsibility expected everything expected of them. Imagine trying to balance that and then go on and
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I'd
SPEAKER_L: very,
SPEAKER_R: be hungry.
SPEAKER_L: that's very smart and insightful because people, people might think like if you're in a company and you you're, you're the top and the company, You're you're serving everybody. You you never get that company out of your head. If your husband or your leading a family, people look at like, Oh, you get addicted. No, it isn't at all. Your, it's so humbling because you're like 10%. You feel so um you feel like the decisions, it's so grave, it affects everybody. That it just, it's humbling to have the responsibility. It's not a big head and you dictate at all. It's your lowered because the gravity of the responsibility and I I think it would be fantastic to be and I'm not like transgender or anything. This I think it's fantastic to have the wife to be to be a woman and you know, you have a husband that loves you. It provides for you. You take care of your Children, You take care of your home. I think that would
SPEAKER_R: Room
SPEAKER_L: be a fantastic like I would love to be I would love that that life and I'm not like
SPEAKER_R: You will miss.
SPEAKER_L: I would love that life. However, I would never give birth to Children if I have to give birth. I'm a chicken. If I had to give birth, there will be no more kids on her. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It's scary. My
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: daughter is Shelby five in December. We hope there's one more eventually down the line, but she almost killed me coming into the world and she was so small, she barely made it in herself. So yeah, don't blame me on the birth, correct?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: When they
SPEAKER_L: don't want to bring up anything that would have that would bother you or anything. I would just be afraid women. I was just talking to my kids today. We're driving, we went out and got some snacks. I cook darling.
SPEAKER_R: Move it.
SPEAKER_L: We had some snacks and coming home. I said women are tough. I mean they give birth men, they get sick. They like play of women. I said women get sick. Men, they take care of the kids, they're vomiting, they're cleaning vomit there, cooking, they're doing everything there. So tough. They give birth. I mean forget about that's it. I don't
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: how that.
SPEAKER_R: one thing to what you said a minute ago like saying like you can admire or like see where it would be nice to be like kind of like at home with your kids and with your husband, everything values like that are fading even. I think women older than me. I see some of those values still but especially women my age and younger it is just like it's almost seen as if you must be brainwashed, if you have any enjoyment being even like her time worker at home, you must be brainwashed.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. It's terrible. Even in school my kids go to Charter School. There's there's a drive to get these girls in stem and engineering and get the equality and pay and all that. You know what I think the idea and I thought this 20 years ago the ideal situation would be you get, first of all you you you I live my life, I enjoyed my life when I'm single, then you find somebody, you get married and then you enjoy time together for two or three years. Once you have Children, you you pour your life into your kids and it's I don't know it's it's so the ideal thing. You want to be with your wife all the time. You want to be with your kids. But you need money so you one of you goes out and works and provide so you can do so you can have your evening. So you conclude stuff together and raise your kids and family because it's about family. That's what God is, family. It's not have all this money or this drive. You need it. But the ideal situation, I believe in America and the world is for the men to go out to work. Or one of us, the a man or the woman, excuse me, especially the man go out to work and make enough money to provide for the whole family. So she doesn't have to work. You know that
SPEAKER_R: Then
SPEAKER_L: that's ideal and
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: like, yo
SPEAKER_L: done.
SPEAKER_R: especially because like um last year, so military doesn't pay a lot and we have college loans and just a lot more bills than we should. So things are tight sometimes. And um last year it was especially more tight. We just got like, I got my first car, second car for the first time, more bills, yada yada, I decided to get an overnight job. It paid like $15 an hour. I went in at eight and I didn't leave until five am and then I still have to take my daughter to therapy in school And take care of the house. I only kept that job three weeks because on like the last week working every night I ended up crying to my husband. The house is a mess. He's exhausted. I am exhausted. We don't know what each other did and we ended up just agreeing like, you know what? We'd rather have a little bit of debt and just work a little harder to enjoy what we have than to have all the extra money that sure we can go spend on whatever we want, but we don't know each other at home and
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: it wasn't
SPEAKER_L: fantastic.
SPEAKER_R: worth it.
SPEAKER_L: I got the chill. That's fantastic. I love that. That's great.
SPEAKER_R: Shortly after like three months after I got a job at our church so I can bring my daughter and it only pays like Maybe anywhere from like 1 - 200 a month. But that makes up for exactly where we needed to get over.
SPEAKER_L: That's great to God. Why did you chose the right thing? God and God provided what you need?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I can
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: do for you sometimes. I still have urges where I'm like, like I respect women who work. Obviously, sometimes you have to like if we had to, I would if I had to, but sometimes I still have urges where I'm like, am I happy with what I'm doing day to day? Do I do enough in the home, do I do this? And then I'll start like seeking something out and then I realized I'm like almost every time my daughter will get sick and I'm like if I had to work right now, she'd be with a stranger getting sick and she that's just awful for a little kid, I don't want her to remember that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Life. Life is about more than that pursuit of the money. It's the money is for your family, Your family is not there to serve that. That's great. And my heart goes out. The single moms. I don't know how they do it. I mean they paid $3, for a loaf of bread just like everyone else, they got to work, take care of the kids, come home, they still got all the laundry, the cooking thing. What do you do? The furnace breaks that. That's that's either a bill the car. I mean, it's, my heart goes out to him. I don't know how, how they do it. It's,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how they do it at all. My my husband's mom um His parents divorced when he was around six. Very very very very hard on this life. Full community, like turn their backs on him as a kid. Churched their backs on him because he grew up catholic and they were very strict at the time and very hard. But I don't know how his mom did it. Dad made really good money. I didn't want to pay child support or at least the bare minimum. So from what I've heard you at a point, she was even living in her car and working just to make sure he had everything and she still feels bad to this day that she had to work so hard and
SPEAKER_L: to me,
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: that's what all the welfare is. The food stamps. To me, that's what that's for. When you have a situation where family is the senator dissolved? For whatever reason, you have a single mom, that's what that money is for in that food is for. So you can, you can that so she has something to provide for her kids. And yet she still stays there and raises her kids. That, that is exactly what it's for
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: this.
SPEAKER_R: what it
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: should be for. But people take advantage of it and then don't raise their kids.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I've known
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: need people. Yeah. It used to be before, at certain ages. It would cut off my daughter and I were just talking about this today. She's 16. Here should be mad at, but we uh years ago there would be a certain age I think when they would cut them off or something. So these
SPEAKER_R: Boy.
SPEAKER_L: girls have brought and just have another baby and other babies they can stay on. That's not what a poor, it's for the unfortunate situation, like seemingly, you know, like you were just mentioning
SPEAKER_R: Shoes
SPEAKER_L: that and so she has that money, that food to provide so she can be a
SPEAKER_R: orders.
SPEAKER_L: mom for that child that I have no problem. That's fantastic to me. That's what in the bible, that's what they did and God said take care of the father of this in the widows leave when you, when you glean the
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: fields
SPEAKER_R: in that.
SPEAKER_L: don't go over the second time.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. People you think that would be the case for example, um I lost my mom a couple years ago, but I
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: lost my dad when I was very young. And I know we got Social Security for my dad for me and on and off through the years we get food stamps. It was my mom didn't She raised me to the point I was able to leave the house at 18. She didn't do much more than that. She was very, very crazy. It got to the point when I turned 18, she forced me to pretend I was still going to high school to try and get more money even though we didn't live together just to extend the Social Security. But she took advantage of those things and still didn't raise like raised within a home. Like try and actually raise up her child in any way. So people take advantage of it in worse ways than that to. But you would think that I've wondered a lot of times now that I'm a mom, like if I was in those same shoes, I would try and make that stretch and give my kid what I could and be there for him with that. But a lot of
SPEAKER_L: You know, it's better off driving an old car. I don't like that. We've been here. I I didn't care if we ate an orange crate if we owned it, you know, for to start out, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Dad is Harvard, we have too much that most people in our neighborhood. So for example, cars, it seems to be a thing in the military because you don't have a lot of money, but you have a stable job to buy the newest car. You can and then you get super high payment and super high interest. We can afford it. We have a 2012 truck and then I have a Toyota Jahr's that's super small. But if I can fit two car seats if I wanted, like I can fit everything I need to, people will get on us and me, especially as a mom, they're like, don't you want a mom car? And I'm like, why can't my caribbean mom car? And they're like, well don't you want space? And I'm like, I have space. And then some of my neighbors have like 60K suburbans on the same page and it's just like, that's
SPEAKER_L: All right. I wanted to mention one thing on where and the last thing is, uh, how God takes care of it. Um, when God says he'll see, the spirit of the Lord is in Isaiah 61 is on him. He always sick. The blind will see the duffel here and the poorer have the Gospel preached to him. That's amazing. And all those miracles, the poor of the Gospel because people don't, the bridge has many friends and people neglected for and push them. But uh, about the car, that's what I worked in a shop Back in 96 And I drove a $700 car. And the one guy, he kept saying, what do you do with all your money says, buy a car, get a new car or he, he bought a car in some shady deal rubio leaked a big spot of oil underneath. He lived in a knot in a ghetto, but he lived in a not so good part of town with an old house and drove that kind of car. And I had, I had goals in mind. I built the house of men and when I was done building and it was paid for because I sacrificed with those cars. And um when I finished building this, I didn't work there anymore. I was out of there for you and I felt like going back and giving them a call and say, you know what, here, here's what I got. This is where I drove the old car so that I could, you know, build a house and not being debt. That was one of my goals in life is to have a house and not have a mortgage. So I saved whenever a from when I was real small
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: need to think of that.
SPEAKER_L: uh huh Once you do it, it it brings you great liberty because like I told my kids, I mean I could be paying myself $1,000 or $2,000 a month for 30 years instead of a banker. Mm So
SPEAKER_R: that is a really good way to think about it. I spent on our mind lately, like my husband wants to stay in, but I know sometimes like plans change and we're Out of nowhere. It's hit me in the past few months. I'm like, even if it's 10 more years or for 12 more years until it's time to buy a house, Are we going to be ready to have something to put down or by one or like it's never really hit us. Like technically we have a lot of time but it's going to take time to build those things, especially starting small.
SPEAKER_L: you can't you can't get ahead on the military salary where your you can bag it away and they outright, huh?
SPEAKER_R: we'll get there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Remember God Institute of the family. He's interested in you and your husband and your Children
SPEAKER_R: been born?
SPEAKER_L: and your family and he'll he'll take care of everything. It's not about having everything else like you said with the cars,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like keeping up with the joneses, the institutes of family he provides, he'll take care of it. Fantastic. It's
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: is actually,
SPEAKER_L: That's peace and rest in him.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Mhm. No thank you so much for talking. This went so much better. I wasn't sure what to expect at all
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's exciting.
SPEAKER_R: at all.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I I enjoy this. Um, great talking to you. Nice
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: to meet you. I hope things go really well for you,
SPEAKER_R: you as well and your kids. Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Thank you. You're
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: ready to
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: sign off.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Have a good night. Thank you.