Yeah.
Oh hi how are you?
Okay Good. Sorry I just got am I got like five minutes noticed that I got scheduled?
What
is
your friend
awesome. Have you done this before
your third? Okay I was supposed to do one yesterday but they didn't show up so I was really sad.
Um I think I just did, it was like 2 50 I think so
I didn't have nothing.
Where are you from?
Whoa.
I'm from Oregon but I'm currently in California.
it's
Yeah the virus makes visiting and traveling just hard. It is such so different.
So my spouse is active duty military so we're near san Diego. I was born and raised in Oregon but I haven't been back in a long time. A very long time.
What?
Um So that's kind of a tricky answer. I like the outdoors parts of Oregon better but I don't think I really got to experience a lot of it growing up but I like that here I get to go out and explore a lot. It's definitely kind of like different vs Oregon though,
the little
it's beautiful. I actually um I lived on the coast for about a year when I
was in high school. It's
beautiful.
Um seaside, so about 2.5, 4 hours from Portland, but very nice and just completely different than anywhere else in Oregon on the coast.
Yeah, most definitely.
Mm. Think total from where I'm a, it's like an 18 hour drive, but it's definitely worth it.
I want to go back when the virus is all gone.
Um seven years, 8 years I think. Yeah. Have you always been in um pennsylvania?
that'd
That's really nice though to have that and have your family that close?
No, you're awesome. Yeah. You
know. Mad.
mm. What?
Yeah, I've lived a lot of places I've lived, I went Oregon, south Carolina, north Carolina, japan and
Uh, seven years I think. Yeah. Seven years.
I loved it. So I didn't like it at first until the last year there. And now I want to go back. He doesn't want to go back though. But I liked it a lot.
Yeah. They treat them very, very good. There's, there's a small handful. Um, They're always, we were always told they were paid from like mainly in Japan. There would be protests every week. Like more kind of traditional Japanese, like political groups. But 99% of the locals were so sweet and so caring and just amazing and very different than like the crime rate was very, very low. They have an insanely low crime rate and just versus your day to day here. Like I feel safe walking around there in the middle of the night. I am.
I think they do
that. Mm hmm.
Mom,
it's
pretty small. It's a pretty small island and it's very, very Americanized. So we weren't, or at least I wasn't able to travel and we were there. But I was always told any of the other cities or islands outside of Okinawa, we're not like Okinawa because it's just so much military presence there. The locals kind of adapted and just the town adopted. It was very, it was like uh it was like a weird little culture there. They would have like american themed diners and stuff and coming from America. That seems so weird. Right? Yeah.
Are you following the election a
little?
That's
what you're right.
It's very ugly. Like I don't, I'm trying to educate myself more on it. I'm not quite sure where I stand and I have family members on both sides and they are so hardcore in their own way. It's like either way you go, if you don't choose what they want very
loose.
That's what I try to be. Um I have a sister who's about 10 years older than me and I love her, obviously she is so like if you say one political word or even say trump's name, like you cannot escape the conversation there is, you know like, oh I kind of agree with you, I kind of don't, I respect your opinions, you're wrong, like you are wrong, no matter unless you agree with her, then you're right, but very, very intense.
I would from what I've seen. Yeah, especially for active duty, I think the majority want trump and support trump.
that's, I can't, it's kind of just a bad position like talking bad on them when they're there and they are, they're protecting you at least in that moment. Yes.
I
take great.
Yeah, I remember um it wasn't, it was North Korea, it was in the news a couple years ago, there was like some college guy there and he was visiting and goofing off and all he did, I think he took a propaganda poster or something and they imprisoned him. And I remember a year or two ago he was brought back like I think he was in a coma or severely brain damaged for
me.
it was,
I want to do it in California. I've read news articles here of people like pulling out guns if you like, show any form, even if they're in the wrong, like any form of aggression or even like looking at them the wrong way and I'm sleeping wolf. Yeah,
people do have crazier.
I haven't
I have a young daughter, I feel decently safe here. I mean, I know there's a high human trafficking rate, at least where we are. And I've heard personal stories from other like moms and families in my area having like sketchy experiences. But I think as long as you watch your family, like I feel decently safe exploring and most of the time it's just me and my daughter out exploring somewhere new or hiking and like I feel decently safer. I think it's just
you being here.
there's definitely some places I have heard that or not.
Thank
you. I think I've heard I don't remember the area. I know there's like some areas that are just not as good as others. We've only been done in san Diego once or twice now and each time we managed to get a hotel that was under a remodel. So like it's nice right around it but not inside but no like crime or anything but usually most of the really populated areas are nice and safe. Speaking of serial killers um I'm trying to remember what it is if you ever want a really interesting read trying google highway serial killers either read it Nevada or California but it started back I think in the eighties or nineties a string of them it was Nevada of serial killers or suspected serial killings along some highways. And there's a couple of stories that should come up immediately on google with Nevada highway serial killers that are really, really interesting. Pretty much like people driving into the night and then they find their car the next day and never find another trace, but literally never ever, ever again. But it's fascinating.
that's right. Yeah.
I know,
insane. I
read something the other day and her, there's a documentary, but it said she had like she was like very, very badly abused by like
I've
I'll definitely look into that one. I know. Um was it Eddie temper? Doesn't he have an abusive mother? I probably name wrong
at least a very over overbearing mother. Like you're constantly going at him like his entire childhood and then he cracked.
it was very sad, especially because you have to imagine there are obviously one's Children and if that's all, you know, is that horrific treatment, like it's gonna be a bad start and it's going to condition your brain in that way.
Me.
biggest
hope is that I don't leave anything to imprint on my daughter. I don't want, did I have any any trauma that comes inflicted for me or her father or her home? Like obviously I don't want anything bad to ever happen to your kid that anything that I can prevent and not do is my biggest prayer for her because
More
stuff
fully.
That's never well, I didn't have the best childhood. My sister had it worse than I did. But my biggest like another thing I hope I try not to pass on how I was raised to her and I think I've succeeded so far. But like in a very minor like I know when you have a more traumatic childhood it's probably much harder to separate yourself from that. But
Now.
Students
I think
I could see that especially because I feel like, I feel like men have so much more responsibility on their shoulders, especially once they turn 18 and just so much more responsibility expected everything expected of them. Imagine trying to balance that and then go on and
I'd
be hungry.
Room
You will miss.
It's scary. My
daughter is Shelby five in December. We hope there's one more eventually down the line, but she almost killed me coming into the world and she was so small, she barely made it in herself. So yeah, don't blame me on the birth, correct?
When they
Move it.
If
you
one thing to what you said a minute ago like saying like you can admire or like see where it would be nice to be like kind of like at home with your kids and with your husband, everything values like that are fading even. I think women older than me. I see some of those values still but especially women my age and younger it is just like it's almost seen as if you must be brainwashed, if you have any enjoyment being even like her time worker at home, you must be brainwashed.
Then
and
it's
like, yo
especially because like um last year, so military doesn't pay a lot and we have college loans and just a lot more bills than we should. So things are tight sometimes. And um last year it was especially more tight. We just got like, I got my first car, second car for the first time, more bills, yada yada, I decided to get an overnight job. It paid like $15 an hour. I went in at eight and I didn't leave until five am and then I still have to take my daughter to therapy in school And take care of the house. I only kept that job three weeks because on like the last week working every night I ended up crying to my husband. The house is a mess. He's exhausted. I am exhausted. We don't know what each other did and we ended up just agreeing like, you know what? We'd rather have a little bit of debt and just work a little harder to enjoy what we have than to have all the extra money that sure we can go spend on whatever we want, but we don't know each other at home and
it wasn't
worth it.
Shortly after like three months after I got a job at our church so I can bring my daughter and it only pays like Maybe anywhere from like 1 - 200 a month. But that makes up for exactly where we needed to get over.
Yeah. I can
do for you sometimes. I still have urges where I'm like, like I respect women who work. Obviously, sometimes you have to like if we had to, I would if I had to, but sometimes I still have urges where I'm like, am I happy with what I'm doing day to day? Do I do enough in the home, do I do this? And then I'll start like seeking something out and then I realized I'm like almost every time my daughter will get sick and I'm like if I had to work right now, she'd be with a stranger getting sick and she that's just awful for a little kid, I don't want her to remember that.
I don't know how they do it at all. My my husband's mom um His parents divorced when he was around six. Very very very very hard on this life. Full community, like turn their backs on him as a kid. Churched their backs on him because he grew up catholic and they were very strict at the time and very hard. But I don't know how his mom did it. Dad made really good money. I didn't want to pay child support or at least the bare minimum. So from what I've heard you at a point, she was even living in her car and working just to make sure he had everything and she still feels bad to this day that she had to work so hard and
not.
that's
what it
should be for. But people take advantage of it and then don't raise their kids.
I've known
what?
Boy.
Shoes
orders.
Because
in that.
Mhm. People you think that would be the case for example, um I lost my mom a couple years ago, but I
lost my dad when I was very young. And I know we got Social Security for my dad for me and on and off through the years we get food stamps. It was my mom didn't She raised me to the point I was able to leave the house at 18. She didn't do much more than that. She was very, very crazy. It got to the point when I turned 18, she forced me to pretend I was still going to high school to try and get more money even though we didn't live together just to extend the Social Security. But she took advantage of those things and still didn't raise like raised within a home. Like try and actually raise up her child in any way. So people take advantage of it in worse ways than that to. But you would think that I've wondered a lot of times now that I'm a mom, like if I was in those same shoes, I would try and make that stretch and give my kid what I could and be there for him with that. But a lot of
Dad is Harvard, we have too much that most people in our neighborhood. So for example, cars, it seems to be a thing in the military because you don't have a lot of money, but you have a stable job to buy the newest car. You can and then you get super high payment and super high interest. We can afford it. We have a 2012 truck and then I have a Toyota Jahr's that's super small. But if I can fit two car seats if I wanted, like I can fit everything I need to, people will get on us and me, especially as a mom, they're like, don't you want a mom car? And I'm like, why can't my caribbean mom car? And they're like, well don't you want space? And I'm like, I have space. And then some of my neighbors have like 60K suburbans on the same page and it's just like, that's
we
need to think of that.
that is a really good way to think about it. I spent on our mind lately, like my husband wants to stay in, but I know sometimes like plans change and we're Out of nowhere. It's hit me in the past few months. I'm like, even if it's 10 more years or for 12 more years until it's time to buy a house, Are we going to be ready to have something to put down or by one or like it's never really hit us. Like technically we have a lot of time but it's going to take time to build those things, especially starting small.
we'll get there.
been born?
No.
That
is actually,
Thank you. Mhm. No thank you so much for talking. This went so much better. I wasn't sure what to expect at all
at all.
You
you as well and your kids. Thank you so much.
Thank
you.
Yeah. Have a good night. Thank you.