come
all right great, how are you?
I did too. I got seven minutes notice and
I just
walked
on 30:30 ago so it's perfect.
Yes This is my 3rd.
Yeah. Did you? Uh Well I guess you didn't get paid you get paid a couple of bucks or something if they don't show I think.
that sounds
Yes that's right.
Pittsburgh pennsylvania
about you.
Oh really? We're thinking of visiting California had done this, we were touring around almost went and I don't know if something is holding us back another virus hit so we want to come and visit but
we're gonna have to wait.
Where are you at? In California? Are you living in Oregon or visiting? I mean in California.
mm Good. You
like California Oregon better?
as
a I when I was younger I always wanted to come visit Oregon because the coast look fantastic. There's always these parks or state parks right on the coast.
Well
like
Medford or
you recommend seaside for a place to visit or
what's further north and away from California? Right about three hours. Okay
well
how long have you been away? You said report,
Yes, I grew up like 10 minutes from here and then You know it just moved up up here 20 years ago. So yeah,
always Always within 10 minutes. All my my parents, brother and sister, we all live within 10 minutes of each other our whole life.
Yeah, it's amazing.
so
you're Oregon yep from
Oregon in California? Right.
my how long has he been in?
How do you like Japan?
they probably treat americans. Well there being we have the base there I would imagine.
Well they must have stiff penalties.
uh huh. They cut off your hand or your that
or you're in Okinawa I guess. And is that kind of like a like a little or a huge city within itself or
not like
the debate?
that's got hazing. You know they bombed Pearl Harbor, we pounded them back and dropped a nuclear weapon and now we have a red carpet over there and we're allies and they should really appreciate I'm sure they do appreciate us. There were so powerful as a military great
Yeah
I don't watch the news. Too much. Politics can make I don't talk about politics too much like with people because it gets me I get kind of angry with us so I I kind of just purposely avoided I don't I don't
know anymore
but I follow it so I'm watching it's it's really hyped up. I just read something today and the thought came boy if if trump gets elected there's a lot if biden gets elected there's a lot to be some real protests and almost right it's really ugly
that's
I'd like to uh I like to be friends and friendly with people and I never want politics to be something that would bar we have enough reasons or enough problems anyways I don't want something like that to bar me from like and just like in somebody or them not making me I don't like that.
the military support I think as a whole majority support trump is that correct or?
I think he he's very pro military he's definitely I think he's bought them more advanced equipment. He stands behind him. I one thing I mean I was for George W. but I didn't like the idea that our soldiers went over there and there were times when um number one, our hands were tied, what if somebody does something to us? They weren't allowed to defend themselves or offend back offensively and I didn't like that. And secondly, I don't think they supplied our military with the right equipment we had inferior equipment they were talking about. And a third thing I can't stand is when these reporters go and embed with these soldiers and then they're reporting on our soldiers, how bad they are. You know, if the soldiers step by the way these people are going to be shot, I can't believe it's unbelievable.
give away stuff in the newspaper, they try to make the president look bad or talk about a military, you know, north Korea Germany, everybody's reading this Russia military, they they seem to be so non patriotic, you know, they do stuff that hinders that messes up the the country and the good of our country. I don't I don't agree with that at all. Free press and no free press. They shouldn't be allowed to slander the
president.
I do and they should not be allowed to give this stuff out. They need to change your care free press or not. They need to do something. If you were in Russia you lose your life over what these people do.
Otto
Warmbier. Yeah. Warm here or something like that from Ohio Yeah they don't fool around. He's
playing games and I mean he shouldn't be dead but he should definitely not be falling around. Those NBA players went to china and they stole sunglasses. You know they're they're fooling around over there and they the president over there so that is a very severe penalty. I think they were going to get 15 years or something and trump talked leader and got them out and that those guys are leaving. They reluctant the one of them I think reluctantly thank them. But they fool around man when you're when I'm in a different state. I don't even I don't drive aggressively. Note that I do anyway. I don't someone cuts me off. I don't lay on the horse. I don't even do it in another state. I'd never do in another country minutes that you're asking for it.
Crazy.
We're thinking about flying in the Vegas then drive the L. A. I think that's four or six hours and then go up the gulf coast highway up up along the coast to
like Monterey and they jump jump back either either go in. If we like California go in and maybe come down right five or whatever it is or just hang there if we don't like it, maybe go to Vegas and over into Salt Lake City just make a loop. But I don't know. I think I think we'll be right in California. I think it's it's more laid back, more liberal. I think people will accept to there's a lot of serial killing but um you know over the years, but that's that's got an increased population. So maybe that's why. But I think I think I have a family, five kids. I think we'd be safe there. Your career. Right?
fight,
be fine for a couple of weeks vacation or something. I'm sure you go to hotels to you, you know you're going to be around people and then the hotel that they're typically warn their people, you know I always ask that question on foreign place and we safe to walk around here at night or no. Right.
Yeah. In san
Diego
It is. I I've watched a lot, I've studied the serial killers just on a casual basis and you could see it from the childhood ted Bundy his mother, you know the dad left or divorced or whatever and he got the step dad and she followed the step dad around and he had, he was just like a tail drug out there. He, I don't know when, when you look at it some of the stuff your heart just weeks you could cry for these people. But
you see some of it, some of them obviously their mothers like prostitution and then these serial killers, they killed prostitutes. It seems to be just taking that anger out on their mother. But it's all these other girls, you know the anger they have for their mother and other girls. What one serial killer? She's languages as a alien war must or something like that. You ever read her? If you if you read that girl's childhood, I mean she killed these people I that girl she makes me so sad. If you if you it's A I. L. E. And a
line
She
very bad for
her for her to kill men is almost I mean I never condone it, but for her to do what she did. If you look at her childhood, it's unbelievable, unbelievable what she went through. I I feel so sorry for her and they're making her out like she's a Syracuse and they put her to death or so they're so vengeful. And I mean, let's face it, we all do stuff and we're Children or when we're young, When no matter what we've gone through, what are what are what we raised like when we're 18 to become adults were responsible, Jeffrey Dahmer. He's responsible for him himself as an adult, no matter what caused him, we're all responsible for it. And she but there is so much from her past. The it's horrible. I can't even imagine. I feel so bad for her,
Yeah. It's something like that. Yeah, I know who you mean. I don't know about his, I can't think of my head but I know that name sounds familiar.
Yeah. It's so sad.
Yeah. It says um I see you're crossed in the background. It says in the bible, you know the train up a child in ways he goes when he's will not depart from it. And I've learned more and more about that. That training is not so much you telling them, are you saying go to church or you, but what? You walk before him every day like a mother goose, She has babies and she does this and they follow and it becomes imprinted in them, in tattooed and if you will, and that's the same thing when you're raising your child, what you're doing, you can tell them this way, but if you're living another way, that's what they get in a lot of times, parents are frustrated with their rebellious kids or whatever. But really what they're, what they're frustrated with is they see themselves in those kids, I think. And um, I don't know, it's just the way
you live, it becomes in these the people of serial killers now, it's just what they lived and this just became imprinted on them and that's just what they do so
many.
yeah, that's that's me when I I um years ago, um, you know, I I didn't live the best life. I did things now
as a team but when I repented of that when I've changed I not only you know God forgives your past and you live there but you repent and regret what you did. You never want to live away and then you you pray and plead and hope that your Children never reap what you did. You know? Mhm.
I think
that's basically where you're where you're at what you're saying right? Yeah.
I I think two things on that number one when when you when you accept christ he makes gives you a new life. He forgives your past and he makes all things new and I think that in itself can change everything when you're honestly truly heart repenting and you you God takes he takes your memory even the way of your sin he takes it out of you. You
people, even if someone brings up something you did years ago or something, it doesn't affect you, it's not there or something, you know, God God removes that and you plead with God that he has mercy that my Children never he he knows your heart, he knows you change. And the second thing I think is very strong. I saw a neighbor girl growing up wasn't the best home, but girls can come out of a family that's even even bad or and somehow God makes him a complete of God makes them so that when they even if they come out of a bad environment, they can actually go in and almost become under the identity of the husband. And a lot of times a girl in a broken home uh you know, dysfunctional childhood. A girl can go out and and function you know, with her new family, with the husband. I I don't know how to say she, she seems to adapt and can take a traumatic childhood and actually have a perfect, you know, a good life. Were the boys
so much that it's more, it's
little harder.
that's
very,
that's very smart and insightful because people, people might think like if you're in a company and you you're, you're the top and the company, You're you're serving everybody. You you never get that company out of your head. If your husband or your leading a family, people look at like, Oh, you get addicted. No, it isn't at all. Your, it's so humbling because you're like 10%. You feel so um you feel like the decisions, it's so grave, it affects everybody. That it just, it's humbling to have the responsibility. It's not a big head and you dictate at all. It's your lowered because the gravity of the responsibility and I I think it would be fantastic to be and I'm not like transgender or anything. This I think it's fantastic to have the wife to be to be a woman and you know, you have a husband that loves you. It provides for you. You take care of your Children, You take care of your home. I think that would
be a fantastic like I would love to be I would love that that life and I'm not like
I would love that life. However, I would never give birth to Children if I have to give birth. I'm a chicken. If I had to give birth, there will be no more kids on her. Mhm.
But
I
don't want to bring up anything that would have that would bother you or anything. I would just be afraid women. I was just talking to my kids today. We're driving, we went out and got some snacks. I cook darling.
We had some snacks and coming home. I said women are tough. I mean they give birth men, they get sick. They like play of women. I said women get sick. Men, they take care of the kids, they're vomiting, they're cleaning vomit there, cooking, they're doing everything there. So tough. They give birth. I mean forget about that's it. I don't
know
how that.
Thanks. It's terrible. Even in school my kids go to Charter School. There's there's a drive to get these girls in stem and engineering and get the equality and pay and all that. You know what I think the idea and I thought this 20 years ago the ideal situation would be you get, first of all you you you I live my life, I enjoyed my life when I'm single, then you find somebody, you get married and then you enjoy time together for two or three years. Once you have Children, you you pour your life into your kids and it's I don't know it's it's so the ideal thing. You want to be with your wife all the time. You want to be with your kids. But you need money so you one of you goes out and works and provide so you can do so you can have your evening. So you conclude stuff together and raise your kids and family because it's about family. That's what God is, family. It's not have all this money or this drive. You need it. But the ideal situation, I believe in America and the world is for the men to go out to work. Or one of us, the a man or the woman, excuse me, especially the man go out to work and make enough money to provide for the whole family. So she doesn't have to work. You know that
that's ideal and
I
think
done.
That's
fantastic.
I got the chill. That's fantastic. I love that. That's great.
That's great to God. Why did you chose the right thing? God and God provided what you need?
That's
Yeah. Life. Life is about more than that pursuit of the money. It's the money is for your family, Your family is not there to serve that. That's great. And my heart goes out. The single moms. I don't know how they do it. I mean they paid $3, for a loaf of bread just like everyone else, they got to work, take care of the kids, come home, they still got all the laundry, the cooking thing. What do you do? The furnace breaks that. That's that's either a bill the car. I mean, it's, my heart goes out to him. I don't know how, how they do it. It's,
to me,
that's what all the welfare is. The food stamps. To me, that's what that's for. When you have a situation where family is the senator dissolved? For whatever reason, you have a single mom, that's what that money is for in that food is for. So you can, you can that so she has something to provide for her kids. And yet she still stays there and raises her kids. That, that is exactly what it's for
this.
This
I
just
need people. Yeah. It used to be before, at certain ages. It would cut off my daughter and I were just talking about this today. She's 16. Here should be mad at, but we uh years ago there would be a certain age I think when they would cut them off or something. So these
girls have brought and just have another baby and other babies they can stay on. That's not what a poor, it's for the unfortunate situation, like seemingly, you know, like you were just mentioning
that and so she has that money, that food to provide so she can be a
mom for that child that I have no problem. That's fantastic to me. That's what in the bible, that's what they did and God said take care of the father of this in the widows leave when you, when you glean the
fields
don't go over the second time.
so
You know, it's better off driving an old car. I don't like that. We've been here. I I didn't care if we ate an orange crate if we owned it, you know, for to start out, you know.
All right. I wanted to mention one thing on where and the last thing is, uh, how God takes care of it. Um, when God says he'll see, the spirit of the Lord is in Isaiah 61 is on him. He always sick. The blind will see the duffel here and the poorer have the Gospel preached to him. That's amazing. And all those miracles, the poor of the Gospel because people don't, the bridge has many friends and people neglected for and push them. But uh, about the car, that's what I worked in a shop Back in 96 And I drove a $700 car. And the one guy, he kept saying, what do you do with all your money says, buy a car, get a new car or he, he bought a car in some shady deal rubio leaked a big spot of oil underneath. He lived in a knot in a ghetto, but he lived in a not so good part of town with an old house and drove that kind of car. And I had, I had goals in mind. I built the house of men and when I was done building and it was paid for because I sacrificed with those cars. And um when I finished building this, I didn't work there anymore. I was out of there for you and I felt like going back and giving them a call and say, you know what, here, here's what I got. This is where I drove the old car so that I could, you know, build a house and not being debt. That was one of my goals in life is to have a house and not have a mortgage. So I saved whenever a from when I was real small
I'm
uh huh Once you do it, it it brings you great liberty because like I told my kids, I mean I could be paying myself $1,000 or $2,000 a month for 30 years instead of a banker. Mm So
you can't you can't get ahead on the military salary where your you can bag it away and they outright, huh?
Yeah. Remember God Institute of the family. He's interested in you and your husband and your Children
and your family and he'll he'll take care of everything. It's not about having everything else like you said with the cars,
like keeping up with the joneses, the institutes of family he provides, he'll take care of it. Fantastic. It's
great.
That's peace and rest in him.
Yeah. It's exciting.
I don't know. I I enjoy this. Um, great talking to you. Nice
to meet you. I hope things go really well for you,
yep. Thank you. You're
ready to
sign off.