SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hello? Well four mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: all right can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear you. I'm sorry for the noise. I got a week ago and he's like insane. So if you hear a little bell that's him.
SPEAKER_R: Okay no problem. Uh I'm actually dealing
SPEAKER_L: Goodbye.
SPEAKER_R: with a website that's been hacked like I'll do some work for this non profit and uh give her like spam index and meet with it.
SPEAKER_L: That sucks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so it's pretty much uh something
SPEAKER_L: yeah. All right.
SPEAKER_R: went in and rewrote all the links and pointed to its just like weird like Cialis medical pills type stuff so now I'm trying to like figure out the figured out how they figured out what they changed and I got to figure out how to get in. True
SPEAKER_L: God. It sucks. Who would do all that work like? Well
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: what was the point, wow.
SPEAKER_R: don't know but it's annoying but they don't like that they don't want to I mean it's the sites like super old tooth they don't want to change update to upgrade anything. So I mean it's just like it's a matter of it's like it's not when but if you know uh not if but when
SPEAKER_L: So if it's old, is it like easier to bypass security and stuff?
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah because I stopped updating and patching and they probably haven't and if you're not the technical right, you're not doing updates or anything. Thank you mm
SPEAKER_L: So are you in school or like?
SPEAKER_R: I finished up in school. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Where did you go?
SPEAKER_R: University of Memphis.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's cool. I'm I go to George Washington University actually and um yeah the online stuff is dumb but
SPEAKER_R: I hate it. It's
SPEAKER_L: over
SPEAKER_R: busywork. So much
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: busywork.
SPEAKER_L: really is. It's just like readings and stuff, but I guess I gotta I gotta get the degree somehow but oh well
SPEAKER_R: What are you going for?
SPEAKER_L: um I'm majoring in journalism and mass communications, so hopefully something in that field, I mean it's a kind of a scary time to be a journalist now because you know everything in the political world, but I really like it. Yeah, I know. Right, so where are you from right now?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from Memphis. Mhm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I am in a Richmond Virginia. I've been to Memphis once we went on a road trip of texas and on the way back to Virginia, we stopped there and got some dinner and it's last. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to think. I've ever been never been to Virginia. The one time I was supposed to go the my son was dan born.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's awesome. How old is he?
SPEAKER_R: He's five now.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, I love kids. I'm like, I have like the mentality of like a four year old, so I don't know why, but kids just like, love me for some reason. That's awesome though. Oh my gosh. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: I suppose.
SPEAKER_L: what do you do now? Just um like the website stuff he said.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do that. No, decided to.
SPEAKER_L: But that's really cool. That's a huge industry.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, keeps me pretty busy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, shoot, because everything's online now, it's crazy. Yeah. I don't really do anything. The only like stuff I really do is like the prolific stuff. All the surveys, that's my only source of income right now. But. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Actually my wife, she does this thing, she works from home at this company called like T tech and uh Right. I think
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: all you need is like a headset and like she does like I work for a bank of America. It's crazy. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: My mom is a teacher and I'm actually at the high school that I went to and then my father does, he's like the maintenance director at a nursing home, which is kind of boring. But
SPEAKER_R: I want to hear. Well, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, sorry cat, he's going crazy right now. He just woke up so he's like all charged up ready to run around. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't have
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: any pets.
SPEAKER_L: Do you? Okay. Yeah. He's my first one because my mom, she's allergic to cats and she's a germophobe and doesn't want a dog in the house because like, dirt and stuff. So I convinced her, let me get a cock girls, like I'll just keep them in my room in the bathroom, he'll be fine and I'll pay for everything. So I mean she finally let me get one and it's been pretty good. I mean it's been actually a week day and I mean he's crazy, but he's a good boy.
SPEAKER_R: So it's pretty active or is it like kind of like glade back like Garfield angry.
SPEAKER_L: he's okay. So he's eight weeks so he's actually like still like a baby. So he's either completely asleep like in the deepest sleep ever or he's running around at full speed.
SPEAKER_R: Hold on just a minute. All right. I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So yeah, um he's basically they're sleeping or running around a full speed so hopefully he'll mellow out soon. But he is kind of like our field because he likes lasagna. Actually started looking mine and I was like okay, but he's a good cat, he's just crazy little boy. You can see him actually is right here. Good boy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Come on tell me come on. Oh gosh so do you have any like siblings or anything?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Two sisters.
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. Are they in Memphis Too? Wow. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: cool.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I have three sisters but they're kind of all over the place. I have a younger one that lives here with me, she's 13. So I mean she can't live on her own. And then um the oldest one, she lives in Seattle and then the second oldest lives in D. C. And then I'm at home so we're all over the place. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because I never had the chance to that one. Never had a chance to visit D. C. I said I was supposed to go out there about five years ago and it just didn't happen.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's pretty cool. It's actually down there this weekend for um since I'm online for college, my orientation leader, he invited um our little group to come down and visit him
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and going like a informal tour and that was pretty fun. And we went around the monuments and stuff. But since I live in Virginia, like two hours away, I've been, I've been, did you see a couple of times? It's pretty cool. I mean, maybe like a weekend or something, it's worth it to go. I'm not honestly like with trump in office, it's kind
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: of sad to walk past the white house now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think like before
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: all this coronavirus broke out, drove to uh san Diego from Memphis
SPEAKER_L: so, wow.
SPEAKER_R: that was pretty good, took a family road trip that was like It took like two days to get to.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, that's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I was like should
SPEAKER_L: Jordan,
SPEAKER_R: have broken up over three.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That must be fun to hang out with your family and stuff. That's awesome. You know, the longest I've gone on road trip down to florida every couple of years, Maybe that I went to texas, but like, yeah, we broke it up over a couple of nights. Yeah. Um so important question that everyone's been talking about, Have you voted or are you ready to vote?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm gonna try to level this week and next week I'm gonna kind of stay away from the mail and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I, I did the same thing I voted early in person on friday and yeah, I just uh since it was like my first big election voting, I wanted to vote in person just to have that experience. And then um the mail in ballots. I don't know. I just felt like it kind of made me feel like my vote wasn't gonna be counted even though I knew it was, but I'd rather do the person just because like it makes me feel better inside. Oh
SPEAKER_R: It's just too much drama surrounding that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I know politics are
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: crazy. It's just
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: so polarized now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's like I don't wanna get caught up in anything that might possibly Yeah, I gave my cause it to I mean on a whim. So they said like if you don't feel the thing out correctly or if you don't uh mail it to the right place, so you don't cross the t uh data or something like that?
SPEAKER_L: I was at your wife. We'll tell her I said hi. Um But yeah exactly like one like one tiny mistake on the ballot and it might not be counted. Which is crazy. And it sucks because now that everyone's home because of covid um Like every ton of people have to do it now and a lot of them don't know that if they make that mistake then they just can't do. It sucks. But yeah times are crazy and this election is
SPEAKER_R: Help.
SPEAKER_L: going to be crazy to. But yeah. Has your job been affected by could land at all?
SPEAKER_R: No, not necessarily has been quite frankly about the same. Luckily
SPEAKER_L: You know I mean since its online. Yeah. That makes sense. Like my parents like the only thing that really affected us was um the public schools going online since my mom works at the high school. Like we went online um in March and then um they actually started online this year too and my mom has been like overwhelmed with that. But other than that nothing really
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: happened job wise. But I just want to go to college and stuff. But you know some people just refuse to wear their masks and stuff and you know still party which kind of makes me mad but I can't do anything about it.
SPEAKER_R: So, I just got to enjoy its gonna change pretty soon. I will I can see it going back to normal sometime next year,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that is true. Hopefully if all the vaccines
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: and stuff so. Well hopefully because like they just announced that our spring semesters online to which everyone was really mad about because like our tuition's expensive so they're like where are they putting that money? Like why aren't they at least trying to let us go back? Which I mean I get that it's not safe. Plus the mayor of D. C. Has a lot of restrictions and stuff that would make it 10 times more difficult to um go back. But like I just I just want to go to college because all online school is dumb to be honest because like you're not in the classroom, you're just stuck in your room,
SPEAKER_R: So are they like restricting businesses and stuff from opening? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like in Virginia um They were at first like they really cracked down, they only had the um, The necessary businesses open like grocery stores and banks and stuff. But um, now I think everything is open from what I know, but there's limited capacity. I think it's like 50 or 75% now you can only have open. So I mean for the most part it's it's not back to normal but every everything is open so you can basically go to whatever, but as long as you wear a mask and stuff, is that how
SPEAKER_R: Nick
SPEAKER_L: Tennessee is?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think pretty much everything is kinda if it's not open year it's kind of back to back to normal. Not back. All right. I mean still with the mask and mask and restrictions and all this stuff, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. You know, we had, we did have a stay at home order that lasted until sometime in june I think. But yeah, that's ended for a while now. So now everyone is out and about and stuff. Yeah, basically back to normal except for wearing masks and distancing and all that. Who? Yeah, that's, that's crazy. So is meant is anywhere near Nashville?
SPEAKER_R: perhaps four hours 33 to 4 and uh how you drive?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Because um, yeah, I'm one of my roommates that I was going to live with, she's from Nashville and um, I was just reading yesterday about the next presidential, um, the debate and that's going to be in Nashville and I was just wondering if that would be anywhere near you because Lord knows that it's going to be crazy if trump invited her down in Nashville because I mean,
SPEAKER_R: It's gonna be crazy.
SPEAKER_L: no, no matter, no matter what happens in the election stuff is about to go down. It's kind of scary. But I mean, I guess I get it, but I'm just letting go. Yeah, as you can tell, I don't like trump at all just so you know, please just,
SPEAKER_R: careful. I'm not much either, but I'm asked to hope people act like they got some sense like it's
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: just been crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I need to give people the benefit of the doubt. Uh huh. But um, yeah, times are just insane and I wish you know americans would get together and stop corona from spreading everywhere. Like a ton of other countries have already done. Just just sucks. Um So what are like your favorite things to do? Like music tv shows and stuff all?
SPEAKER_R: I think I don't know suffer like so for
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. You like Star Wars?
SPEAKER_R: mm That's ok.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My my boyfriend like sci fi stuff a lot. He loves Star Wars. Like more than anything. It's, it's an obsession. But I'm not, yeah, I'm not a huge Star Wars person. I tried to watch it but I just like couldn't really get into it. But I mean I guess everyone loves it so I guess it is good. It's just not my thing. But yeah, I like crime shows a lot like criminal minds I'm really into and I've been watching a lot of shameless, which is hilarious and just, it's a crazy show and
SPEAKER_R: I think of you know,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: so I think I've seen it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it's awesome. You should totally watch it. Um Yeah, music wise, I like a lot of stuff, but except for country, that's like the only thing I really don't like all that much. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: That's not bad.
SPEAKER_L: Some some countries. Okay. I like the, I like Carrie Underwood and stuff. She's like a classic, but I'm pretty like open about music and tv like all like a lot of different types of stuff. Mm I'll call this cat
SPEAKER_R: You know.
SPEAKER_L: is like attacking me. Oh my God. Um So did you do this thing through prolific as well? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: How long have you been doing it? Like the survey stuff?
SPEAKER_R: I think about two years.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, wow. Yeah, I started doing it in like mid august because my friend told me about it and my mom won't let me get a job. So I'm just like, this is like my version of a job. Yeah, it's actually didn't even know about it until my friend told me, and it's pretty cool. Yeah, like I like getting paid for doing decently easy surveys.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think I started with this one called like respondent and it was more like just one on one zoom and they don't don't like zoom interviews and this was before like the soon got popular and all this stuff, you know even knew.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: respondent. Uh That was the first one and they okay, not necessarily like the surveys, but it's more like industry. I don't know. I can't.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I kind of know talking about, Yeah, this is like the first like video chat type of thing I've done, I've done the rest of them have just been like surveys and stuff, or there was one where I had to use the microphone to say a bunch of words. Oh yeah, this is the first like actual like like talking to somebody else that I've ever done on the website,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So this is the second one, like this that I've done. I think the other one was like back in December 19.
SPEAKER_L: Nothing, wow, thanks. Yeah, I mean it's easy money and like if I'm just in class and I'm bored, I just have it open like um split screen and just do whatever surveys pop up during class. Yeah and this one's paying really well, so that's no problem whatsoever. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to think, I remember the the last uh think we area and talking for like almost an hour so you just have
SPEAKER_L: Lord.
SPEAKER_R: like so much because
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's so cool. Yeah, we don't have a ton of common because probably the age difference, but like, I mean Tennessee and Virginia aren't aren't too different honestly. So so you have a kid and stuff. That's awesome. I have a little ways to go before that I need to graduate and stuff and find a steady job and all that good stuff
SPEAKER_R: Just take your time. Don't rush into the
SPEAKER_L: tell. Yeah, definitely. Because I need like I've made like a promise to myself that I'm not gonna have any Children until like I have a like a steady job that I know like will be there for a while and like I have a house or apartment or something, some place to live, but honestly I don't even know what I want to do, so I'll let that linger for a while. Mm. Okay. Mhm. So what did you major in in college? Was it like computer science or something? Oh that's awesome. That's like a really good um field to go into now. Lots of lots of people need computer science people. I thought about it, but it's just kind of like I'm not very good at coding and stuff, like I'm good with technology, but all of that stuff is just it's a lot for me. Uh huh. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: already
SPEAKER_L: little sister. Oh really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's awesome. So you kind of already doing what you liked? No, it's awesome. That's all like that's like the dream to find a job that not only you're good at but what you like love to do. I'm sorry that was my little sister, she's playing video games, her friends between classes. She's in middle school and that's like the worst, worst phase ever. But uh huh. So we have like a couple more minutes. But um like what are some places you've been to? Like cool places? Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like I said I drove from Tennessee to san Diego, so went to Arkansas Oklahoma uh part
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: a little bit of been to texas but they
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: drive went through texas. Uh what was it Arizona new Mexico in California.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's awesome. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Then other than uh yeah, philadelphia uh Chicago. Yeah, slaughter Alabama. It was like, gosh rules in Alabama. I don't know. It's a lot my yeah, it's my goal to like visit all 50 states.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, same. I want to like go on all y'all states and like a lot of um countries in europe. But yeah I think the coolest place I've been probably hawaii because my uncle lives there so we were able to stay with him, so it wasn't like breaking the bank or whatever. But yeah, hawaii was really cool, it's really pretty and um the plane bride was long but it was it was worth it And I went there in 2015 then last summer in june um my sister who lives in Seattle, she graduated from Graduate school so we wanted to go see see the graduation. So we flew down there for like 10 days and um went around Seattle and then we took a bus to Vancouver Canada and stayed there for a couple of nights and it was really cool. He was just we just like walked around the cities and stuff at all the cool parks and everything. It was awesome. Uh huh. We are
SPEAKER_R: that's my bucket list to go to hawaii.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's really cool. Like my uncle he lives on, he lives on the island, it's the most north of Hawaii and that's like the it's not really like the touristy place so it's like like all jungle, it's so pretty, it's mount mountainous. Oh my gosh, it's amazing. And yeah I've been like most of the same places as you have been like pennsylvania florida like north and south Carolina Georgia. I think I went through Alabama going to texas. I've been done we stayed in Mississippi for a night but we didn't do anything in Mississippi And then um we did go through Arkansas for a little bit when we left texas on the way back home and we went to Memphis. But uh I haven't actually been to many states up north though. I kind of want to go up there.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, the northwest for me. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: like Washington was really pretty. We went um we went to Mount Rainier which was a couple hours away from Seattle when it was like awesome. It was so pretty but we didn't have self service so that kind of sucked when I like got lost from my family but I had to wait for them by like beginning of the trail which is kind of nerve racking but it was amazing. Oh my gosh! Yeah we want a big hike. Yeah that could be fun like for you to go with your family and stuff. That'd be awesome. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: We're yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So uh is your son is easy in kindergarten now?
SPEAKER_R: No preschool,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Because I know um I was like turning five going into kindergarten because I'm kind of I was like kind of young in my age group. But yeah. Is he doing that online? Oh, I'm a sucker for him. Oh gosh. I know the younger
SPEAKER_R: court.
SPEAKER_L: kids like they're really missing out because I know like in kindergarten like it was like I got to meet all my friends got to hang out at Resa said it sucks that they don't get to have that experience right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it does like
SPEAKER_L: does
SPEAKER_R: yourself.
SPEAKER_L: he like it?
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I mean I wouldn't like it either honestly. Plus like little kids have really short attention spans because like they just wanna like we get hyper and stuff and being having them stuck stuck at a computer all day, like it sucks for them. But like yeah as you said hopefully the the virus and stuff will go away and we'll have a vaccine and stuff so they can all go back to school and have their experience. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I hope so.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yes suck. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I worry. How are you doing on top?
SPEAKER_L: Um It's been like 27 ish minutes
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: so I think we're good.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah, the thing man is survey after this is like it takes forever. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh gosh. That's gonna be fun. It was really nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I hope your son like is able to finally go to school and stuff in person because I know he wants to have that experience.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, just put them in Taekwondo.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's fun. Yeah. I hope you have a good time with that. Do we just X out of the tap?
SPEAKER_R: I think so. Yeah. Yeah, good luck with school.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Um I hope you have a great day and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: All right, you too,
SPEAKER_L: Bye.