all right can you hear me?
Okay no problem. Uh I'm actually dealing
with a website that's been hacked like I'll do some work for this non profit and uh give her like spam index and meet with it.
Yeah so it's pretty much uh something
went in and rewrote all the links and pointed to its just like weird like Cialis medical pills type stuff so now I'm trying to like figure out the figured out how they figured out what they changed and I got to figure out how to get in. True
what?
don't know but it's annoying but they don't like that they don't want to I mean it's the sites like super old tooth they don't want to change update to upgrade anything. So I mean it's just like it's a matter of it's like it's not when but if you know uh not if but when
yeah yeah because I stopped updating and patching and they probably haven't and if you're not the technical right, you're not doing updates or anything. Thank you mm
I finished up in school. Mhm.
University of Memphis.
I hate it. It's
busywork. So much
busywork.
What are you going for?
I'm from Memphis. Mhm. Uh huh.
I'm trying to think. I've ever been never been to Virginia. The one time I was supposed to go the my son was dan born.
He's five now.
Yeah,
I suppose.
Yeah, I do that. No, decided to.
Yeah, keeps me pretty busy. Yeah.
Actually my wife, she does this thing, she works from home at this company called like T tech and uh Right. I think
all you need is like a headset and like she does like I work for a bank of America. It's crazy. Mhm.
I want to hear. Well, yeah.
I don't have
any pets.
So it's pretty active or is it like kind of like glade back like Garfield angry.
Hold on just a minute. All right. I'm sorry.
Yeah, that's cool.
Uh Two sisters.
Uh
huh.
Yeah, because I never had the chance to that one. Never had a chance to visit D. C. I said I was supposed to go out there about five years ago and it just didn't happen.
What?
I'm
Yeah, I think like before
all this coronavirus broke out, drove to uh san Diego from Memphis
that was pretty good, took a family road trip that was like It took like two days to get to.
Yeah. And I was like should
have broken up over three.
Yeah. I'm gonna try to level this week and next week I'm gonna kind of stay away from the mail and stuff.
It's just too much drama surrounding that.
Hello?
All
Yeah. And it's like I don't wanna get caught up in anything that might possibly Yeah, I gave my cause it to I mean on a whim. So they said like if you don't feel the thing out correctly or if you don't uh mail it to the right place, so you don't cross the t uh data or something like that?
Help.
No, not necessarily has been quite frankly about the same. Luckily
good.
So, I just got to enjoy its gonna change pretty soon. I will I can see it going back to normal sometime next year,
but
So are they like restricting businesses and stuff from opening? Yeah.
Nick
Yeah. I think pretty much everything is kinda if it's not open year it's kind of back to back to normal. Not back. All right. I mean still with the mask and mask and restrictions and all this stuff, but
perhaps four hours 33 to 4 and uh how you drive?
It's gonna be crazy.
careful. I'm not much either, but I'm asked to hope people act like they got some sense like it's
just been crazy.
I think I don't know suffer like so for
mm That's ok.
I think of you know,
so I think I've seen it.
That's not bad.
You know.
Well,
I think about two years.
Yeah. I think I started with this one called like respondent and it was more like just one on one zoom and they don't don't like zoom interviews and this was before like the soon got popular and all this stuff, you know even knew.
respondent. Uh That was the first one and they okay, not necessarily like the surveys, but it's more like industry. I don't know. I can't.
Yeah. So this is the second one, like this that I've done. I think the other one was like back in December 19.
I'm trying to think, I remember the the last uh think we area and talking for like almost an hour so you just have
like so much because
Just take your time. Don't rush into the
It was
already
Yeah.
like I said I drove from Tennessee to san Diego, so went to Arkansas Oklahoma uh part
a little bit of been to texas but they
drive went through texas. Uh what was it Arizona new Mexico in California.
Yeah. Then other than uh yeah, philadelphia uh Chicago. Yeah, slaughter Alabama. It was like, gosh rules in Alabama. I don't know. It's a lot my yeah, it's my goal to like visit all 50 states.
that's my bucket list to go to hawaii.
Yes, the northwest for me. Mhm.
We're yeah.
No preschool,
court.
Yeah, it does like
yourself.
No. Yeah.
I hope so.
I worry. How are you doing on top?
Hi,
okay. Yeah, the thing man is survey after this is like it takes forever. Yeah.
Yeah. Nice to meet you too.
yeah, just put them in Taekwondo.
I think so. Yeah. Yeah, good luck with school.
All right, you too,