SPEAKER_L: right so far not to Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Hi there
SPEAKER_R: Uh let me know. I don't know if you can hear
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: me? I have cut phones.
SPEAKER_L: can hear you just fine.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm actually very excited because my computer's sound has been broken for weeks and it just earlier today like fix it for no reason. So
SPEAKER_L: it's a miracle. It's a miracle. I would like
SPEAKER_R: The brand
SPEAKER_L: to take
SPEAKER_R: new
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: computer.
SPEAKER_L: I would like to take some credit for that but I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I would like you to take credit too. But it was a random Youtube video that just completely fix it out of nowhere. No,
SPEAKER_L: so I'm gonna go ahead and keep the headphones on because I have someone in the room next to me working so
SPEAKER_R: got it.
SPEAKER_L: if that's okay with you if not I can I can make do
SPEAKER_R: No, no that's fine. I did. Uh my my husband is upstairs working and I made him close his door because I could
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: hear him
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: coughing
SPEAKER_L: go.
SPEAKER_R: and I told him it would distract.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Well thank you I appreciate that.
SPEAKER_R: There you go. So I
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: am going to put because apparently my computer is not fixed so this volume keeps going up and down randomly. So I was so but apparently I'm not that lucky.
SPEAKER_L: well then I retract my claim that it was due to me that's not on me.
SPEAKER_R: There you go. How's your day going?
SPEAKER_L: Uh So far not too bad. Um A little bit chilly but other than that we're doing okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I see some stone behind you. Is that a fireplace?
SPEAKER_L: It is Oh my gosh yeah so that is the front of the fireplace and so to the right of the fireplace there is some built ins so I have a built in desk here beside the fireplace
SPEAKER_R: Nights.
SPEAKER_L: and that's where I'm sitting here in the living room.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say I'm really enjoying your architecture.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. I appreciate that. I forget I forget that you can actually see everything going on around me. I just kind of get, oh I like that painting and I forget about my stuff behind me. So
SPEAKER_R: I know my thrift store painting. I say my but my husband
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: picked
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: go.
SPEAKER_R: out when he was like 16. Had it ever since.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so then patio door over here, I guess there's like a screened in porch on this side, so it's kind of bright on the side of the house fireplace on this side and that's the living room behind me the way
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say I'm feeling very like I like again and I like the space. It feels very like for some reason like lake cabin or mountain cabin or something like that to me in a lovely
SPEAKER_L: in.
SPEAKER_R: way.
SPEAKER_L: So you actually nailed that on both caps on both counts. So it
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: lake cabin, it is a light cabin and it's in the mountains. So you you got it, you got it right twice. So that's that's the look that the house has because that's what it actually is. And the sliding glass here is actually the whole length of this wall because it overlooks the lake down below. So we're
SPEAKER_R: that is awesome.
SPEAKER_L: so we're about Actually we're about 300 ft above were on the side of a mountain and the lake is at the bottom, so it kind of overlooks the
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: lake, so so
SPEAKER_R: we went, we were out driving up a small hill short mountain yesterday since my husband had the day off. And so we were kind of able to get out in the woods and wander around and talking how much we miss. You know usually we go to the Smoky Mountains almost every year. But obviously travel has been curtailed this year and
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, it definitely has. What part of the country are you in?
SPEAKER_R: uh pretty much smack dab in the middle. So we're in uh in Illinois,
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so you go sell to the Smoky Mountains then
SPEAKER_R: yeah sort of south
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: and then over to the side.
SPEAKER_L: south of the side, so we will, I'm picturing the Smoky Mountains, so for us, that's like east, like due east, I'm trying to do it backwards because I'm like, which way is the camera going? So yeah, we're, so we're in north Central Arkansas.
SPEAKER_R: got it. We've driven through north central Arkansas a lot. I always get I'm terrible with geography. Um But my family in Arkansas but also um family in Austin and so um for some reason every time we drive to Austin I like forget that it's south somehow. I don't really again.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well, it's easy to forget that Austin is the south
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: because because it's really like san Francisco central or so I'm from texas. So my my wife and I, we grew up in the Houston area and then, so if I divide my life up, I spent the first 21, years in Houston And then I spent the next 22, in Dallas. And then we've been here for about seven.
SPEAKER_R: You know and I so I was a military brat growing up so we were kind of all over the country and I've got my main branch of the family are in Texas and Virginia, but I'm just so geographically again I've been in Illinois now for over 20 years and I still sometimes like when I'm taking the highway I'm like should I drive towards Virginia or towards California? So I have to I've you know not we live near the state line with Missouri and I have on more than one occasion ended up in the wrong state by accident. Uh So GPS
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: was invented specifically for me because pre maps. I was a nightmare.
SPEAKER_L: so geographically you're not that far away from us then just one state, one state 11 and a little bit. So yeah, we're because I mean we're you know shape Arkansas is a square little rock right in the middle and we're about halfway between little rock and Missouri. So
SPEAKER_R: Got it.
SPEAKER_L: you know right in there. So that's there's a big like they're called groups very lake. And this is where my parents would take us to vacation from the text texas gulf coast where we grew up. We, this is all mountains and cool and everything and that's, that's where we ended up, um,
SPEAKER_R: That's nice.
SPEAKER_L: moving to, when we had a choice where we could live. So like that. I moved to Dallas as soon as I got out of college just because that's where the jobs were in my industry and as soon as it became available to work from home and work remotely, we kinda got out of the Dallas area. It's not my favorite, but, But we still drive to Houston on a really regular basis from here. It's about 10 hours and we just get in the car and do it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was going to say we still so since we've got you know family in texas. As a matter of fact my mom is in austin right this minute they just drove them to go you know go see family and I was there in january and you know again we um usually just take two days and kind of make the trip and I told my son he had he was allowed to watch Youtube so that he'll believe he would avoid distracting me
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: but we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: So I imagine you probably stop somewhere halfway. So where do I usually like stop in between?
SPEAKER_R: Um So actually in Arkansas usually we have um some family in God, I always mess it up bent maybe or that might have been the family of it in Arizona we got again military
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: brat.
SPEAKER_L: Ben
SPEAKER_R: We have friends and family sprinkled everywhere
SPEAKER_L: Didn't make sense though. I mean that's, that's just like 30 minutes south of little rock and so that's kind of right in the middle
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: trying to think. There's one with a V that's not Vandalia, but I keep wanting to say Vandalia. Um
SPEAKER_L: oh, oh, if you want
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: to ask me, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And now I'm drawing a blank,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but so
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: we'll stop there.
SPEAKER_L: think of it. I'll think of it right after a week, you know, right after we get off
SPEAKER_R: Well and that will be exactly too because you know when I remember when the that uh tornado hit? What's up bud? No. No I told you couldn't have your videos on down here. Go on up. You got about 20 more minutes. Yes. Um
SPEAKER_L: bologna. It's bologna because
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: where, well, when you said the tornadoes and I'm like, I think it's bologna she's talking about. And yeah, that's so, yeah, that's actually not that far from us because his bologna is like right next to Conway. Just kind
SPEAKER_R: Conway yes that's where my I couldn't even you know my mom's aunts, cousins, sister or who knows where you know the family tree. But but yes. So we would stay there or when we had friends in Shreveport um We would stay there.
SPEAKER_L: Conway is the closest thing to us that I would call civilization.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well we've probably
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: eaten at some of the same restaurants then.
SPEAKER_L: That's, that's the closest place you can go to like home depot or you know, something other than just like
SPEAKER_R: Our cold.
SPEAKER_L: walmart. Our goals. Exactly. That's the closest coals, closest movie, closest movie theater. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: think my mother would stop anywhere that didn't have a kohl's and I say this because I did get a text from coles yesterday.
SPEAKER_L: there you go. Uh huh. No, so we actually just got back from four weeks at my mom's house and she um she had back surgery, kind of extensive back surgery and she has been putting this thing off for years and years and years and she finally had it. So we went and stayed with her or like a month and we got there about three days before she got out of the hospital. And then we were there for a month after we just got home on saturday just the other day and we're going back on saturday. Um But you know, we we got home and you know, she couldn't take care of anything like, you know, bathroom and shower and shopping and all that stuff. And so we were there for that and then She had Doctor's office, this is like every day, sometimes two or 3 a day. So she got finally got to the point where she could, you know, take care of herself for a little bit, but we're going back for another two weeks on saturday. So she's got follow up with her surgeon and a couple of other doctors and then we're just gonna stay for the holiday for thanksgiving. But so yeah, this is this is the first week we've been at home able to kind of relax in a while and um
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it's hard
SPEAKER_L: there's a
SPEAKER_R: when you're sort
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: of unwinding
SPEAKER_L: this is one of
SPEAKER_R: and then also gearing up again at the same time.
SPEAKER_L: right, it's like well we're gonna be home for five days, do we really unwind? No, because
SPEAKER_R: Do we unpack the suitcase or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: exactly,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: exactly, but I mean it should be interesting, she's she's a lot more independent than we give her credit for. And as soon as we were gone, she was out seeing friends and doing stuff and going to church
SPEAKER_R: If,
SPEAKER_L: and everything, we told her not to do while we were gone and you know, she's very stubborn. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I can believe that. I know that
SPEAKER_L: man,
SPEAKER_R: feeling myself
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: but.
SPEAKER_L: really, we really butted heads because that's the first time I've lived at home with mom since I was, you know, college age and my dad passed away two years ago and you know, see he was kind of, he kind of ruled the roost. He was very old school, you know, the man is the man of the house kind of thing. And so he passed away two years ago and she's like, I'm in charge now, kind of, you know, and you know, we moved in and she has all these restrictions about what she can do and what she can eat, what she can't do what you can't eat and she want anybody telling her what, you know, she could do and not do. It was crazy.
SPEAKER_R: That's my so my mother is uh things that I was a military brat. Both my parents were in the military but my mother was you know chief and so very very used to being in charge of everything at all times. And she's I lost my dad about nine years ago. Um But But yeah, I mean she's bad enough now when she's you know, again like she had knee surgery and you know, again trying to get her to settle down. But you know my grandma is almost 87 and she'll be 87 next month. And again like stubborn runs in my family, which my husband would say has carried on. But yeah, I'm, you know, again I am one of the Children that's closest my mom lives a mile away from me and so I'm like not looking forward to like we already butt heads enough. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. So now we're like, well we're supposed to go back on saturday. Do we really need to go back on saturday? She seems to be doing okay. But yeah, we got to go back on saturday, but you know, we're at that stage where, you know, your parents to your parents and parents to your kids and everything else, so.
SPEAKER_R: On the plus side that is, you know, again one of the things that working from home has changed. I've been working from home for you know, probably 15 years, but my husband is just at home. So it was very like the sort of early stages of the pandemic were very very hard because I've always worked from home and I also homeschool our son um and so adjusting to having someone else around all the time was a challenge at first. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I can imagine that is, I mean, my wife and I have both been working from home since, Well we've both been at home for like seven years, so it's word used to that. And so everybody was like freaking out at the beginning of pandemic and we're like this like normal. I don't, I don't, you know, this is what we always do. But yeah, I can imagine for, I feel really bad for my kids because my kids are both grown and they both live in Dallas and they're very social and they're like locked in their apartments and it's killing them and me not being able to go out and do stuff and I mean us and we're like that's great, we have an excuse to be homebodies and not go to do stuff, but for them it's, it's kind of, it's kind of brutal I think.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that has definitely been, so we have a third grader um and you know, so if you were, you know, again just me, I'm a strong introvert, I'm used to, again, I'm used to working from home, like all that would be fine, but he is a very strong extroverts. Um And so I mean we're fortunate that again we home school, you know, all along, so we have um you know, a couple of good friends and of course he's an only child, so it's it's just myself and my husband and you know, I'm like no one talked to me, I'm tired of looking at all these humans. There's two of you and that's two too many. Um but my, you know, we're lucky we have some home schooling friends who are, you know, also kind of staying very safe and we've been able to sort of bubble with them, but even still,
SPEAKER_L: Other
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: girl.
SPEAKER_R: we get to see him once a week maybe. And uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so it is, it has been very challenging for him. I mean he's, you know, he's definitely acclimatized and kind of gotten there and he's a very smart kid, like he understands what's going on and you know, um you know, it wants to be safe. But yeah, it has been a challenge for him because normally we have, you know, we live in an area that's amazing. We have play groups and archery and gymnastics and you know, like just a million different programs that he's in. Uh and then everything shut down so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: There it well, I mean that's a good thing about kids. They're super resilient and they have short memories. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that part I'm not so sure on, but
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I know you said 3rd grade, so I do remember everything from third grade. Um Yeah, ours are older. Um My son turns 29 this month, which makes me feel really, next year will be worse when he turns 30. And Um then my daughter she's 27, so they're like 18 months apart, she was born in May and he was born in November. And so Yeah they're there 27 and 28 right now, he'll be 29 on the 23rd. But you know I I think it's I think it's probably toughest on their age core go harder than anybody I think because I mean kids are resilient, they can get used to anything and I feel bad for them, I don't feel bad for me but I do feel bad for them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's it's tough. Well, and I mean texas, you, I'm sure you know what I do, like I said with my mom in Austin right now. I mean texas is having a tough time, everywhere is having a tough time, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they they are and I said but you know and she they don't they don't take it seriously I think as other places and you know it was really you know kind of the head butting was you know she want to go out and do stuff, let's go out to eat and I'm like um we don't do that, you know, it's like we haven't got in a restaurant since March. We don't we don't do that. Well you're just paranoid and I was like, no, no that's that's not it, we just don't want to die. Well, I do it all the time and I haven't died yet. Well that's great. You
SPEAKER_R: plus job conversation
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: you've
SPEAKER_R: go differently if
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: you had.
SPEAKER_L: job, so I mean that's you know, they just and then you know, I have an older brother who lives in the same town that she does and he's kind of one of those like way on off the beaten path, kind of paranoid conspiracy theory, this is all a scam. You know, it's in, I was like, don't be telling mom that, don't you know, if you want to believe that fine, don't put that in mom's head, she doesn't need to hear that kind of stuff. But he's out there, he's
SPEAKER_R: Well, and
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: it's funny because we, you know, family can be so I have a brother in law who's like that and I have a you know brother and sister in law who are I mean like no one's seen them. We don't, they may have been eaten by their pets. I don't know. But you know, I mean, yeah, it's you just kind of keep moving on and do the best you can. I think my husband, I was just talking earlier today about thanksgiving because as I said, I mean my parents drove, but still they, you know, I I don't know, so it will be very interesting. It's like we we moved actually at the very beginning of and we didn't move far, but um it's like all right, well I guess we'll see about getting a fire pit set up and you know how some of those visits outdoors.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah, I worry about that a little bit. We were super careful about it. I mean we before we went down to see my mom were like, well I guess we need a store and buy everything we need for like two weeks because we're gonna quarantine, we're gonna self quarantine for two weeks before we go. And then, and she just didn't care anything about that at all, let's go. And I'm like, no, like, you know, the first two weeks we were there, she was, she had to have I. V antibiotics for a couple of weeks and we were giving her an ivy twice a day. And so she has a big Portner neck, you know, and open wound out of her whole back and let's go to the store. I'm like mom at least wait. So you're not like open
SPEAKER_R: literally
SPEAKER_L: somewhere
SPEAKER_R: sliced open.
SPEAKER_L: before we go before we do that. And I mean she's got a Kroger around the block from her and she's got to go to Kroger. I'm like, no mom, you don't need to go to Kroger. We bought groceries for the week, but I need to go, oh mom, you don't need to go to Kroger. And I like the minute we're out of the house, I called her and I said mom, my computer shows your iphone at Kroger, are you Kroger? But I was I was just kidding. I was trying to see what she would say. She goes, that's a lie. I only went to walmart like All right, okay. All right. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I tell my mom sometimes when she's she's one of five and I'm like her siblings little driver, right? And like you can't actually control them, can just, you know, just have to kind of deal with what you can and that's, you know, I've got several siblings standouts, I'm not sure if my brother is flying in for thanksgiving and it's like I'm very close to my brother, but it's like, I don't know that I want to, you know, I guess we'll hang out at a distance, you know, like, you
SPEAKER_L: now. Yeah, I know exactly how that goes and see. On the other hand, I have a sister who lives in New Jersey with her husband. And they are you know the polar opposite of my brother that I was telling you about? Like you said, I mean we're kind of in the middle of a sister who's way over here. I got a brother who's way over here, physically and politically. Mhm. And so the last couple weeks have been very interesting. We had to go through the whole election with my mom in the house and you know, it's like mom turned fox off please for a little while please.
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: You know.
SPEAKER_R: I was invited to go on this trip to texas and for there were many reasons that I decided that we wouldn't stay at home.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So yeah, we got to experience the joy of that. So anyway, so what do you do at home? We'll change the subject.
SPEAKER_R: I am a marketing writer, so.
SPEAKER_L: that's what my wife does. So the town that we moved to is actually it's kind of a resort town and um she works for the resort and does press releases and marketing material and facebook posts and all that for the resort and for the hotel here and for some of the restaurants and stuff like that. So
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: amazing.
SPEAKER_L: what that's what she does. She's been doing that for I guess since we got here about seven years ago. Right.
SPEAKER_R: we used to, so I mentioned uh we go to the Smoky Mountains a lot um and that's for our very first anniversary, my husband and I took him, like I was working at Walgreens and a friend of mine had taken her boyfriend or gone on a vacation or something like that with her boyfriend to this place in the Smoky Mountains and I liked it. So I surprised my husband for one year anniversary with a trip to this um place called Brothers Cove was the little like resort in pigeon forge. Um But we, I mean like I said, we loved it. We went back literally every year, I think we went 10 or 11 times in the 1st 10 years we were together. Um and eventually it was, you know, eventually sold and it became more corporate and we started saying other places, but that was kind of always, I was like, I was always like, man, I'm just, I wish I could just right for them. Like I just loved it. It was great at first year that we went, you know, we talked about um remember like driving up to it and it like, it was just, I mean beautiful, like nestled. It was kind of like, you know, I don't know if you've been to pigeon forge
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: Sevierville
SPEAKER_L: I haven't
SPEAKER_R: Gatlinburg.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: have.
SPEAKER_R: you know, it's very built up in touristy but this place was kind of at the time, you know, nestle back into the mountains a little bit more and it just looked amazing and I was like, you know, I was tampering expectations, I was like, it might suck, you know, so just don't, don't get your hopes up. But it was amazing. And you know, we talked about like, can't wait to take our kids here one day and then You know, God, how many years later, 12 years later, you know, we were able to go back with um our son and some friends of ours who their daughter was, you know, two months younger than our sun and um have gone since then. So it
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: why.
SPEAKER_R: was very much like a piece of like, oh this feels like home, this feels right, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So that's we've been to pigeon forage and the terrain here is very much like it. Is there so very very similar. So that's I weighed, my parents took us, so the Smoky Mountains a couple of times we were young we went to, there's a resort, there's actually a resort in Knoxville that used to be owned by the same company that owned the resort here, but that was a while ago. And so we went to that one a couple of times, but this is always my favorite place growing up and we just decided, hey, that's, it's a lot more scenic than the texas gulf coast. So let's, let's go do that,
SPEAKER_R: Uh Do you guys in years when vacations happen? Because we tend to be very, like I said we went back to, you know even if we would maybe take other vacations, we would go back to the same place for years and years and years um and people you know were like are you crazy like you not, do you ever want to go to new places? So are you guys more of a variety traveler or?
SPEAKER_L: So we are now that we live here, you know, we, we foolishly said seven years ago, hey, we'll move there and we'll never need to go on vacation again because we'll be living at all the time. So now we, we do a lot of international travel now that
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: awful.
SPEAKER_L: we have a lot of flexibility and being able to work from anywhere so we can pretty much and go pick up and go wherever we want. And this year has been kind of rough for us. We had a lot of big trips planned this year that we had to cancel and
SPEAKER_R: Where
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: were you
SPEAKER_L: worst.
SPEAKER_R: guys hoping to go?
SPEAKER_L: So we actually had a 45 day trip to Europe planned for the summer that so
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: know, we had we had a pretty extensive itinerary plan for a couple of years um that we had to call off and then at the beginning of the summer we're like well we'll just push everything out of year and we started pushing all the reservations out of year for next summer and now we're starting to have doubts about, you know, maybe we should have pushed two years instead of one and so. But yeah, we do like to like to travel, I mean we enjoy living here but we do like to see a lot of places, we like to travel internationally. We like the caribbean a lot, we like europe a lot, I like Asia, I liked it, but it's a little more expensive to travel there so we don't do that a lot.
SPEAKER_R: I am hopeful you know, again as things kind of settled down, we have um my husband and a couple years ago went to um We just were well it was supposed to be for a 10th anniversary but ended up being closer to our 11th anniversary. Um but we went to an all inclusive resort in Cancun and stuff like that, so we've gotten all of our passports. So I'm very excited because when I was younger, you know, for being in the military as long as they were, we were never stationed overseas, but I got to go to Australia New Zealand um
SPEAKER_L: nice.
SPEAKER_R: as a kid through um a like and it's so insane because I think it was the I had to be like 10, 11 years old, like it was like the summer after fifth grade, and or maybe this summer after sixth grade. Um But I went to Australia New Zealand for three weeks and it's now having an eight year old imagining just sending because it was with a group of kids program called People to People and was like student ambassadors. And now I think about, you know, my son, wait, I think about like sending him away in just a couple of years for three weeks to literally the other side of the planet. And I'm just astonished. I mean, I was a very responsible child, but still, I'm like, that was a big decision, but it's incredible. I would love to go back. I don't know if you've been to um Australia, but I just fell in love with it.
SPEAKER_L: Just just briefly we were like Sydney for like three or four days, but it was just like a stopover as part of a longer trip. Um So not as long as I would like, we definitely need to go back.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. It was since it was like a student ambassador program thing, it was really neat. We got to, you know, we went to roll through and got to go to, you know, be like sit in the government halls and we got to stay actually at a Maori compound uh in new Zealand, which was incredible MRI. And so it's one of the things like I'm on the one hand, it was an incredible experience and I'd love to give my son something like that. On the other hand, I'm like, he's going to burn something down and be arrested in Australia. He will try and fight a kangaroo.
SPEAKER_L: right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah kids will do that stuff, I'd
SPEAKER_R: You'll either
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: train
SPEAKER_L: to put your mind
SPEAKER_R: became
SPEAKER_L: at ease but
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: I get
SPEAKER_R: Marie kangaroo. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All right, well it looks like we've reached the end of our time, we actually will weigh over the last one idea of these was Tuesday and five minutes into it. I could really tell that my partner was ready to be done, so
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: this was much, much better.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say it's kind of like, I've had, I've had I've done I think this is the third time and I've had some nice chats, but in both cases, they've been with college students and it's been such a like the gulf trying to figure out like, oh,
SPEAKER_L: wow,
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: seven.
SPEAKER_R: what shall we talk about?
SPEAKER_L: I was going to say this is um honestly this is the first of, this is my fourth and this is the first one I had that was even remotely younger than I was. I mean by far, I mean always it's the one I talked to on Tuesday. She was probably 62 or 63 and she was in Chicago and we could not have been more different in terms of everything, you know, in life and it's like what can we safely talk about?
SPEAKER_R: That that I think I've had the exact opposite where again, both, I mean lovely people. But you know, again, I was like, I wonder if I'll get to talk to an adult this well,
SPEAKER_L: So no, this was that's that's funny though that our experiences have just been completely, I mean it was suck, it was so difficult on Tuesday. I was kind of do I really want to do this again because it was painful and I like five minutes in. She was starting to eat something, you know, it just kinda looking at her watch every few minutes. Are we done yet?
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: But you
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: renewed?
SPEAKER_R: was a pleasure enjoy
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: was,
SPEAKER_R: time for the next couple of days before you have to hit the road again.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I'm so looking forward to that. But
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: Evan
SPEAKER_R: right. We'll take care and have a good thanksgiving.
SPEAKER_L: before you leave, what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: Shelby.
SPEAKER_L: I'm Nathan. Nice
SPEAKER_R: meet your neighbors,
SPEAKER_L: meeting. We should, we probably should have done that at the beginning. Right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Take
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: care.