Hi.
Uh let me know. I don't know if you can hear
me? I have cut phones.
Okay. I'm actually very excited because my computer's sound has been broken for weeks and it just earlier today like fix it for no reason. So
The brand
new
computer.
I would like you to take credit too. But it was a random Youtube video that just completely fix it out of nowhere. No,
got it.
No, no that's fine. I did. Uh my my husband is upstairs working and I made him close his door because I could
hear him
coughing
and I told him it would distract.
There you go. So I
am going to put because apparently my computer is not fixed so this volume keeps going up and down randomly. So I was so but apparently I'm not that lucky.
There you go. How's your day going?
Yeah. So I see some stone behind you. Is that a fireplace?
Nights.
I was gonna say I'm really enjoying your architecture.
I know my thrift store painting. I say my but my husband
picked
it
out when he was like 16. Had it ever since.
I was gonna say I'm feeling very like I like again and I like the space. It feels very like for some reason like lake cabin or mountain cabin or something like that to me in a lovely
way.
That's awesome.
that is awesome.
Or
we went, we were out driving up a small hill short mountain yesterday since my husband had the day off. And so we were kind of able to get out in the woods and wander around and talking how much we miss. You know usually we go to the Smoky Mountains almost every year. But obviously travel has been curtailed this year and
uh pretty much smack dab in the middle. So we're in uh in Illinois,
yeah sort of south
and then over to the side.
got it. We've driven through north central Arkansas a lot. I always get I'm terrible with geography. Um But my family in Arkansas but also um family in Austin and so um for some reason every time we drive to Austin I like forget that it's south somehow. I don't really again.
True.
You know and I so I was a military brat growing up so we were kind of all over the country and I've got my main branch of the family are in Texas and Virginia, but I'm just so geographically again I've been in Illinois now for over 20 years and I still sometimes like when I'm taking the highway I'm like should I drive towards Virginia or towards California? So I have to I've you know not we live near the state line with Missouri and I have on more than one occasion ended up in the wrong state by accident. Uh So GPS
was invented specifically for me because pre maps. I was a nightmare.
Got it.
That's nice.
Yeah. I was going to say we still so since we've got you know family in texas. As a matter of fact my mom is in austin right this minute they just drove them to go you know go see family and I was there in january and you know again we um usually just take two days and kind of make the trip and I told my son he had he was allowed to watch Youtube so that he'll believe he would avoid distracting me
but we'll see.
Um So actually in Arkansas usually we have um some family in God, I always mess it up bent maybe or that might have been the family of it in Arizona we got again military
brat.
We have friends and family sprinkled everywhere
that
I'm
trying to think. There's one with a V that's not Vandalia, but I keep wanting to say Vandalia. Um
But
Yeah.
Yeah but so
we'll stop there.
Well and that will be exactly too because you know when I remember when the that uh tornado hit? What's up bud? No. No I told you couldn't have your videos on down here. Go on up. You got about 20 more minutes. Yes. Um
thank
you.
Conway yes that's where my I couldn't even you know my mom's aunts, cousins, sister or who knows where you know the family tree. But but yes. So we would stay there or when we had friends in Shreveport um We would stay there.
All right. Well we've probably
eaten at some of the same restaurants then.
Our cold.
I don't
think my mother would stop anywhere that didn't have a kohl's and I say this because I did get a text from coles yesterday.
And
it's hard
when you're sort
of unwinding
and then also gearing up again at the same time.
Do we unpack the suitcase or? Yeah.
Yeah.
If,
I can believe that. I know that
feeling myself
but.
That's my so my mother is uh things that I was a military brat. Both my parents were in the military but my mother was you know chief and so very very used to being in charge of everything at all times. And she's I lost my dad about nine years ago. Um But But yeah, I mean she's bad enough now when she's you know, again like she had knee surgery and you know, again trying to get her to settle down. But you know my grandma is almost 87 and she'll be 87 next month. And again like stubborn runs in my family, which my husband would say has carried on. But yeah, I'm, you know, again I am one of the Children that's closest my mom lives a mile away from me and so I'm like not looking forward to like we already butt heads enough. Yes.
On the plus side that is, you know, again one of the things that working from home has changed. I've been working from home for you know, probably 15 years, but my husband is just at home. So it was very like the sort of early stages of the pandemic were very very hard because I've always worked from home and I also homeschool our son um and so adjusting to having someone else around all the time was a challenge at first. Yeah.
Yeah, that has definitely been, so we have a third grader um and you know, so if you were, you know, again just me, I'm a strong introvert, I'm used to, again, I'm used to working from home, like all that would be fine, but he is a very strong extroverts. Um And so I mean we're fortunate that again we home school, you know, all along, so we have um you know, a couple of good friends and of course he's an only child, so it's it's just myself and my husband and you know, I'm like no one talked to me, I'm tired of looking at all these humans. There's two of you and that's two too many. Um but my, you know, we're lucky we have some home schooling friends who are, you know, also kind of staying very safe and we've been able to sort of bubble with them, but even still,
you know,
we get to see him once a week maybe. And uh
so it is, it has been very challenging for him. I mean he's, you know, he's definitely acclimatized and kind of gotten there and he's a very smart kid, like he understands what's going on and you know, um you know, it wants to be safe. But yeah, it has been a challenge for him because normally we have, you know, we live in an area that's amazing. We have play groups and archery and gymnastics and you know, like just a million different programs that he's in. Uh and then everything shut down so. Yeah.
that part I'm not so sure on, but
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's tough. Well, and I mean texas, you, I'm sure you know what I do, like I said with my mom in Austin right now. I mean texas is having a tough time, everywhere is having a tough time, but yeah.
plus job conversation
would
go differently if
you had.
Well, and
it
it's funny because we, you know, family can be so I have a brother in law who's like that and I have a you know brother and sister in law who are I mean like no one's seen them. We don't, they may have been eaten by their pets. I don't know. But you know, I mean, yeah, it's you just kind of keep moving on and do the best you can. I think my husband, I was just talking earlier today about thanksgiving because as I said, I mean my parents drove, but still they, you know, I I don't know, so it will be very interesting. It's like we we moved actually at the very beginning of and we didn't move far, but um it's like all right, well I guess we'll see about getting a fire pit set up and you know how some of those visits outdoors.
literally
sliced open.
I tell my mom sometimes when she's she's one of five and I'm like her siblings little driver, right? And like you can't actually control them, can just, you know, just have to kind of deal with what you can and that's, you know, I've got several siblings standouts, I'm not sure if my brother is flying in for thanksgiving and it's like I'm very close to my brother, but it's like, I don't know that I want to, you know, I guess we'll hang out at a distance, you know, like, you
That
I was invited to go on this trip to texas and for there were many reasons that I decided that we wouldn't stay at home.
I am a marketing writer, so.
That's
amazing.
we used to, so I mentioned uh we go to the Smoky Mountains a lot um and that's for our very first anniversary, my husband and I took him, like I was working at Walgreens and a friend of mine had taken her boyfriend or gone on a vacation or something like that with her boyfriend to this place in the Smoky Mountains and I liked it. So I surprised my husband for one year anniversary with a trip to this um place called Brothers Cove was the little like resort in pigeon forge. Um But we, I mean like I said, we loved it. We went back literally every year, I think we went 10 or 11 times in the 1st 10 years we were together. Um and eventually it was, you know, eventually sold and it became more corporate and we started saying other places, but that was kind of always, I was like, I was always like, man, I'm just, I wish I could just right for them. Like I just loved it. It was great at first year that we went, you know, we talked about um remember like driving up to it and it like, it was just, I mean beautiful, like nestled. It was kind of like, you know, I don't know if you've been to pigeon forge
Sevierville
Gatlinburg.
So
you know, it's very built up in touristy but this place was kind of at the time, you know, nestle back into the mountains a little bit more and it just looked amazing and I was like, you know, I was tampering expectations, I was like, it might suck, you know, so just don't, don't get your hopes up. But it was amazing. And you know, we talked about like, can't wait to take our kids here one day and then You know, God, how many years later, 12 years later, you know, we were able to go back with um our son and some friends of ours who their daughter was, you know, two months younger than our sun and um have gone since then. So it
just
was very much like a piece of like, oh this feels like home, this feels right, yeah.
Uh Do you guys in years when vacations happen? Because we tend to be very, like I said we went back to, you know even if we would maybe take other vacations, we would go back to the same place for years and years and years um and people you know were like are you crazy like you not, do you ever want to go to new places? So are you guys more of a variety traveler or?
that's
awful.
Where
were you
guys hoping to go?
that
is
I am hopeful you know, again as things kind of settled down, we have um my husband and a couple years ago went to um We just were well it was supposed to be for a 10th anniversary but ended up being closer to our 11th anniversary. Um but we went to an all inclusive resort in Cancun and stuff like that, so we've gotten all of our passports. So I'm very excited because when I was younger, you know, for being in the military as long as they were, we were never stationed overseas, but I got to go to Australia New Zealand um
as a kid through um a like and it's so insane because I think it was the I had to be like 10, 11 years old, like it was like the summer after fifth grade, and or maybe this summer after sixth grade. Um But I went to Australia New Zealand for three weeks and it's now having an eight year old imagining just sending because it was with a group of kids program called People to People and was like student ambassadors. And now I think about, you know, my son, wait, I think about like sending him away in just a couple of years for three weeks to literally the other side of the planet. And I'm just astonished. I mean, I was a very responsible child, but still, I'm like, that was a big decision, but it's incredible. I would love to go back. I don't know if you've been to um Australia, but I just fell in love with it.
yeah. It was since it was like a student ambassador program thing, it was really neat. We got to, you know, we went to roll through and got to go to, you know, be like sit in the government halls and we got to stay actually at a Maori compound uh in new Zealand, which was incredible MRI. And so it's one of the things like I'm on the one hand, it was an incredible experience and I'd love to give my son something like that. On the other hand, I'm like, he's going to burn something down and be arrested in Australia. He will try and fight a kangaroo.
Yeah.
You'll either
train
became
more
Marie kangaroo. Yeah.
Yeah.
No,
I was gonna say it's kind of like, I've had, I've had I've done I think this is the third time and I've had some nice chats, but in both cases, they've been with college students and it's been such a like the gulf trying to figure out like, oh,
what,
what shall we talk about?
That that I think I've had the exact opposite where again, both, I mean lovely people. But you know, again, I was like, I wonder if I'll get to talk to an adult this well,
Well,
it
was a pleasure enjoy
your
time for the next couple of days before you have to hit the road again.
All
right. We'll take care and have a good thanksgiving.
Shelby.
meet your neighbors,
Take
care.