right so far not to Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Hi there
I
can hear you just fine.
it's a miracle. It's a miracle. I would like
to take
some
I would like to take some credit for that but I don't know.
so I'm gonna go ahead and keep the headphones on because I have someone in the room next to me working so
if that's okay with you if not I can I can make do
There
you
go.
That's awesome. Well thank you I appreciate that.
It
well then I retract my claim that it was due to me that's not on me.
Uh So far not too bad. Um A little bit chilly but other than that we're doing okay.
It is Oh my gosh yeah so that is the front of the fireplace and so to the right of the fireplace there is some built ins so I have a built in desk here beside the fireplace
and that's where I'm sitting here in the living room.
Thank you. I appreciate that. I forget I forget that you can actually see everything going on around me. I just kind of get, oh I like that painting and I forget about my stuff behind me. So
there
you
go.
Yeah, so then patio door over here, I guess there's like a screened in porch on this side, so it's kind of bright on the side of the house fireplace on this side and that's the living room behind me the way
in.
So you actually nailed that on both caps on both counts. So it
lake cabin, it is a light cabin and it's in the mountains. So you you got it, you got it right twice. So that's that's the look that the house has because that's what it actually is. And the sliding glass here is actually the whole length of this wall because it overlooks the lake down below. So we're
so we're about Actually we're about 300 ft above were on the side of a mountain and the lake is at the bottom, so it kind of overlooks the
lake, so so
yeah, yeah, it definitely has. What part of the country are you in?
Okay, so you go sell to the Smoky Mountains then
and
south of the side, so we will, I'm picturing the Smoky Mountains, so for us, that's like east, like due east, I'm trying to do it backwards because I'm like, which way is the camera going? So yeah, we're, so we're in north Central Arkansas.
Oh well, it's easy to forget that Austin is the south
because because it's really like san Francisco central or so I'm from texas. So my my wife and I, we grew up in the Houston area and then, so if I divide my life up, I spent the first 21, years in Houston And then I spent the next 22, in Dallas. And then we've been here for about seven.
So
so geographically you're not that far away from us then just one state, one state 11 and a little bit. So yeah, we're because I mean we're you know shape Arkansas is a square little rock right in the middle and we're about halfway between little rock and Missouri. So
you know right in there. So that's there's a big like they're called groups very lake. And this is where my parents would take us to vacation from the text texas gulf coast where we grew up. We, this is all mountains and cool and everything and that's, that's where we ended up, um,
moving to, when we had a choice where we could live. So like that. I moved to Dallas as soon as I got out of college just because that's where the jobs were in my industry and as soon as it became available to work from home and work remotely, we kinda got out of the Dallas area. It's not my favorite, but, But we still drive to Houston on a really regular basis from here. It's about 10 hours and we just get in the car and do it.
All
So I imagine you probably stop somewhere halfway. So where do I usually like stop in between?
No,
Ben
Didn't make sense though. I mean that's, that's just like 30 minutes south of little rock and so that's kind of right in the middle
of
the
oh, oh, if you want
to ask me, yeah.
And now I'm drawing a blank,
I'll
think of it. I'll think of it right after a week, you know, right after we get off
bologna. It's bologna because
that's
where, well, when you said the tornadoes and I'm like, I think it's bologna she's talking about. And yeah, that's so, yeah, that's actually not that far from us because his bologna is like right next to Conway. Just kind
Conway is the closest thing to us that I would call civilization.
That's
That's, that's the closest place you can go to like home depot or you know, something other than just like
walmart. Our goals. Exactly. That's the closest coals, closest movie, closest movie theater. So yeah,
that's
there you go. Uh huh. No, so we actually just got back from four weeks at my mom's house and she um she had back surgery, kind of extensive back surgery and she has been putting this thing off for years and years and years and she finally had it. So we went and stayed with her or like a month and we got there about three days before she got out of the hospital. And then we were there for a month after we just got home on saturday just the other day and we're going back on saturday. Um But you know, we we got home and you know, she couldn't take care of anything like, you know, bathroom and shower and shopping and all that stuff. And so we were there for that and then She had Doctor's office, this is like every day, sometimes two or 3 a day. So she got finally got to the point where she could, you know, take care of herself for a little bit, but we're going back for another two weeks on saturday. So she's got follow up with her surgeon and a couple of other doctors and then we're just gonna stay for the holiday for thanksgiving. But so yeah, this is this is the first week we've been at home able to kind of relax in a while and um
and
there's a
and
this is one of
right, it's like well we're gonna be home for five days, do we really unwind? No, because
exactly,
exactly, but I mean it should be interesting, she's she's a lot more independent than we give her credit for. And as soon as we were gone, she was out seeing friends and doing stuff and going to church
and everything, we told her not to do while we were gone and you know, she's very stubborn. Yeah.
man,
we
really, we really butted heads because that's the first time I've lived at home with mom since I was, you know, college age and my dad passed away two years ago and you know, see he was kind of, he kind of ruled the roost. He was very old school, you know, the man is the man of the house kind of thing. And so he passed away two years ago and she's like, I'm in charge now, kind of, you know, and you know, we moved in and she has all these restrictions about what she can do and what she can eat, what she can't do what you can't eat and she want anybody telling her what, you know, she could do and not do. It was crazy.
Right. Yeah. So now we're like, well we're supposed to go back on saturday. Do we really need to go back on saturday? She seems to be doing okay. But yeah, we got to go back on saturday, but you know, we're at that stage where, you know, your parents to your parents and parents to your kids and everything else, so.
Yeah. I can imagine that is, I mean, my wife and I have both been working from home since, Well we've both been at home for like seven years, so it's word used to that. And so everybody was like freaking out at the beginning of pandemic and we're like this like normal. I don't, I don't, you know, this is what we always do. But yeah, I can imagine for, I feel really bad for my kids because my kids are both grown and they both live in Dallas and they're very social and they're like locked in their apartments and it's killing them and me not being able to go out and do stuff and I mean us and we're like that's great, we have an excuse to be homebodies and not go to do stuff, but for them it's, it's kind of, it's kind of brutal I think.
Other
girl.
yeah.
There it well, I mean that's a good thing about kids. They're super resilient and they have short memories. Mhm.
I don't know. I know you said 3rd grade, so I do remember everything from third grade. Um Yeah, ours are older. Um My son turns 29 this month, which makes me feel really, next year will be worse when he turns 30. And Um then my daughter she's 27, so they're like 18 months apart, she was born in May and he was born in November. And so Yeah they're there 27 and 28 right now, he'll be 29 on the 23rd. But you know I I think it's I think it's probably toughest on their age core go harder than anybody I think because I mean kids are resilient, they can get used to anything and I feel bad for them, I don't feel bad for me but I do feel bad for them.
Yeah they they are and I said but you know and she they don't they don't take it seriously I think as other places and you know it was really you know kind of the head butting was you know she want to go out and do stuff, let's go out to eat and I'm like um we don't do that, you know, it's like we haven't got in a restaurant since March. We don't we don't do that. Well you're just paranoid and I was like, no, no that's that's not it, we just don't want to die. Well, I do it all the time and I haven't died yet. Well that's great. You
you
you've
good
job, so I mean that's you know, they just and then you know, I have an older brother who lives in the same town that she does and he's kind of one of those like way on off the beaten path, kind of paranoid conspiracy theory, this is all a scam. You know, it's in, I was like, don't be telling mom that, don't you know, if you want to believe that fine, don't put that in mom's head, she doesn't need to hear that kind of stuff. But he's out there, he's
out
there.
Oh yeah. Yeah, I worry about that a little bit. We were super careful about it. I mean we before we went down to see my mom were like, well I guess we need a store and buy everything we need for like two weeks because we're gonna quarantine, we're gonna self quarantine for two weeks before we go. And then, and she just didn't care anything about that at all, let's go. And I'm like, no, like, you know, the first two weeks we were there, she was, she had to have I. V antibiotics for a couple of weeks and we were giving her an ivy twice a day. And so she has a big Portner neck, you know, and open wound out of her whole back and let's go to the store. I'm like mom at least wait. So you're not like open
somewhere
before we go before we do that. And I mean she's got a Kroger around the block from her and she's got to go to Kroger. I'm like, no mom, you don't need to go to Kroger. We bought groceries for the week, but I need to go, oh mom, you don't need to go to Kroger. And I like the minute we're out of the house, I called her and I said mom, my computer shows your iphone at Kroger, are you Kroger? But I was I was just kidding. I was trying to see what she would say. She goes, that's a lie. I only went to walmart like All right, okay. All right. Oh
now. Yeah, I know exactly how that goes and see. On the other hand, I have a sister who lives in New Jersey with her husband. And they are you know the polar opposite of my brother that I was telling you about? Like you said, I mean we're kind of in the middle of a sister who's way over here. I got a brother who's way over here, physically and politically. Mhm. And so the last couple weeks have been very interesting. We had to go through the whole election with my mom in the house and you know, it's like mom turned fox off please for a little while please.
You know.
Yeah. So yeah, we got to experience the joy of that. So anyway, so what do you do at home? We'll change the subject.
that's what my wife does. So the town that we moved to is actually it's kind of a resort town and um she works for the resort and does press releases and marketing material and facebook posts and all that for the resort and for the hotel here and for some of the restaurants and stuff like that. So
that's
what that's what she does. She's been doing that for I guess since we got here about seven years ago. Right.
Have
I haven't
I
have.
That's
why.
So that's we've been to pigeon forage and the terrain here is very much like it. Is there so very very similar. So that's I weighed, my parents took us, so the Smoky Mountains a couple of times we were young we went to, there's a resort, there's actually a resort in Knoxville that used to be owned by the same company that owned the resort here, but that was a while ago. And so we went to that one a couple of times, but this is always my favorite place growing up and we just decided, hey, that's, it's a lot more scenic than the texas gulf coast. So let's, let's go do that,
So we are now that we live here, you know, we, we foolishly said seven years ago, hey, we'll move there and we'll never need to go on vacation again because we'll be living at all the time. So now we, we do a lot of international travel now that
because
we have a lot of flexibility and being able to work from anywhere so we can pretty much and go pick up and go wherever we want. And this year has been kind of rough for us. We had a lot of big trips planned this year that we had to cancel and
the
worst.
So we actually had a 45 day trip to Europe planned for the summer that so
you
know, we had we had a pretty extensive itinerary plan for a couple of years um that we had to call off and then at the beginning of the summer we're like well we'll just push everything out of year and we started pushing all the reservations out of year for next summer and now we're starting to have doubts about, you know, maybe we should have pushed two years instead of one and so. But yeah, we do like to like to travel, I mean we enjoy living here but we do like to see a lot of places, we like to travel internationally. We like the caribbean a lot, we like europe a lot, I like Asia, I liked it, but it's a little more expensive to travel there so we don't do that a lot.
nice.
Just just briefly we were like Sydney for like three or four days, but it was just like a stopover as part of a longer trip. Um So not as long as I would like, we definitely need to go back.
right.
Well yeah kids will do that stuff, I'd
like
to put your mind
at ease but
I get
Mhm.
All right, well it looks like we've reached the end of our time, we actually will weigh over the last one idea of these was Tuesday and five minutes into it. I could really tell that my partner was ready to be done, so
this was much, much better.
wow,
seven.
I was going to say this is um honestly this is the first of, this is my fourth and this is the first one I had that was even remotely younger than I was. I mean by far, I mean always it's the one I talked to on Tuesday. She was probably 62 or 63 and she was in Chicago and we could not have been more different in terms of everything, you know, in life and it's like what can we safely talk about?
So no, this was that's that's funny though that our experiences have just been completely, I mean it was suck, it was so difficult on Tuesday. I was kind of do I really want to do this again because it was painful and I like five minutes in. She was starting to eat something, you know, it just kinda looking at her watch every few minutes. Are we done yet?
But you
renewed?
It
was,
yeah. I'm so looking forward to that. But
Evan
before you leave, what's your name?
I'm Nathan. Nice
meeting. We should, we probably should have done that at the beginning. Right? Yeah.
All