SPEAKER_R: Good morning, Oh I can't hear you, can you hear me? Yeah, I just checked my speakers and they're all the way up Mhm Yeah Mhm Yeah Yeah Mhm Mhm Yeah I can't I can't hear you what? Yeah yeah yeah mm Yeah yeah Mhm Yeah Okay. Uh huh Okay Mhm Mhm Yeah I
SPEAKER_L: we do.
SPEAKER_R: heard something, there we go.
SPEAKER_L: All right. So
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: this microphone is really can be really quiet. That's why I don't usually use it, but I guess my computer prefers it right now.
SPEAKER_R: it sounds great right now, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you, have you ever done like this survey?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah this is my second round of them and I've enjoyed it. Yeah that didn't meet some people. Was this your first time? Yeah my very first one, the person didn't show up so this and that was on two rounds ago and it you know kind of put me off of it and I didn't try again for a while but I'm glad I went ahead and did it again in the next round because it's been really fun and everybody has shown up since then so Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what are you doing? What's the plan today? Foreign
SPEAKER_R: um well actually I slept in because I was absolute last night
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: so I'm just getting started. But yeah I'm going to do some more of this kind of gig work um short task type work for a little while and then I'm trying to get trying to get my art business going. It's started using this time off from the you know with the pandemic and everything to focus on that because I need something to do and there's not that many people to talk to so it's not now you know when so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um, what do you do for art? Mostly
SPEAKER_R: digital art I go what I
SPEAKER_L: New
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: Orleans?
SPEAKER_R: I started out and Uh huh. Camp. Well in second life really And then I used screen prints from then and use camp to to manipulate those and it was a type of photo manipulation and then um you know we had all these filters and things that we would put over them, antique them and you know this is all kinds of stuff like that and post them on a coin up which was part of um Oh so what's the big, what's the big photo company that's owned by? Yahoo flicker? It was part of flicker. Um And then I kind of moved on from that and started um doing shapes and things in camp and and that's kind of what I like doing now. So make surface patterns and you know different things post post online for print on demand. Right so what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Um, so I'm credential to teach english, but I never like applied to any jobs. I was just like a substitute and of course that ended and so I jumped around a few jobs and right now I'm a tutor. Um, yeah, Michael back to subbing if that doesn't work out, but
SPEAKER_R: It will be picking up soon where you are?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think my district has opened up. I, I can see them closing down again. Um, and a couple other districts will be opening up in january for in person, so it'll it'll be nice to go back to that. It's very chill to just be a substitute. Yeah. And sometimes I like stream, well a few times a week I stream like video games online and that's like a little bit of money. Thank
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: just saying.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. It's on twitch. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I heard that. So
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: do you is it competitive and you win money or how does it work? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's just, you know, like people, they want someone who's there at a certain time, maybe playing the game that they like and, or game that looks nice on the screen and sometimes they just
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: want to, they just like the idea of someone being live um while they're doing work or something like that or they like to talk to you and yeah, they Will subscribe for like $5 a month or they'll like give you these things called bits, like on twitch, There's um, they'll give you bits and I I know what it's like um to be the viewer over the pandemic. I worked at the amazon warehouse and we had like a bunch of like mandatory 11 hour shifts in a row and it was so awful because they would make you take your lunch break, like exactly halfway through the day, which is horrible to just think like, okay, after this, I have to work for 5.5 hours straight with no break. All right, let's go. So then I found a streamer and um, I would sit in the break room and like listen to him and then I would like send him some bits and like here how happy he was to get bits and like, I would like feel really nice. So that's I know what it's like uh to have that sort of comfort. Um Yeah I mean it's not there are times when something like that can be unhealthy but you know like you've heard of like para social relationships and people who rely on others and think that they know someone when they really don't. Yeah because some of these streamers, they have like thousands of people watching them and then a lot of people watching them will think that they're friends with the streamer when and like give them money, like lots of money and yeah that can be a lot but yeah it's it's really fun and I hope that you know it doesn't ever really turn into anything negative, I don't know but it's nice.
SPEAKER_R: Well anything can turn as long as you know the pitfalls and I'm sure there must be some guidelines you can follow to help minimize the risk on that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's interesting and there are a lot more people are doing that since you know lockdown and stuff, people are just finding more time to just finish video games and decided to stream it. But
SPEAKER_R: It sounds like things are getting better for the women. I know there for a while that the news was really focusing on how difficult it was for women in that world but it's getting a little bit better.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I hear about some really bad like toxicity in one game that I don't play usually it's the first person shooters. Do you know what like um where? Yeah female. A girl will especially if there's voice chat and you can hear them you know they're a girl um will like be well like defeat a guy and then he will get like I've never experienced this, I don't play those. He'll just go like crazy. Sometimes he'll even if he finds out through the voice chat that she's streaming he'll like find her stream and start just harassing her on there and then she'll block him and then he'll make other accounts. It's like yeah but it's usually really young like boys who don't really have anything else to do so they have the time for something like that. Um But yeah sometimes I don't know I've never experienced anything like that, but apparently it's still bad on that front, but yeah it's definitely uh getting better. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: this more more more women getting involved with health. Yeah, that's really interesting. So what kind of things do you like?
SPEAKER_L: Um I decided to play Fantasy RPGS um like Skyrim and um basically just you know you make a character and you do quests and follow a story. Um Yeah that that's like sort of my thing, I do really want because I want to be like a fantasy novelist. Um And I'm steady, I'm trying to have that be my focus for grad school right now, I'm in a literature
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: M. A. Program so I wanted that to be my focus and kind of have that be part of my studies like super informally and like also give me
SPEAKER_R: two
SPEAKER_L: like the opportunity to talk about the books that I'm reading and what I'm studying during the streams because it can be difficult to find figure out what to talk about for hours and hours.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. What's interesting mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: So where are you going in from let's say
SPEAKER_L: California, what about you?
SPEAKER_R: Are you near the wildfires?
SPEAKER_L: Um So I'm in the foothills, so we get all the smoke and ash, but there's no like danger, it's usually like around us. Um So this year it wasn't even bad, but I think I was more sensitive to it this year, so um just uh it's always so dry during the summers and then like the smoke will just like It's weird, it's like 0% humidity and then the smoke comes in and it feels like it's like negative 100% humidity, it's so much worse. Um Yeah, but it's better now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm in Oklahoma and
SPEAKER_L: No one likes.
SPEAKER_R: we have what we have to deal with out here is typically tornadoes and sometimes floods but we've been very fortunate this year.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's good, yeah, the whole country has been like crazy um Mhm. Got in terms of the weather.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it seems to go in waves because I know here it'll will have tornadoes in a certain area like several years in a row and then it's over and then it'll just it'll move the pattern will shift and I'm not sure what does it. I don't know if the I'm sure that with tornadoes especially just um building new housing divisions and excavating the land probably switches exactly where that funnel goes. But I don't I'm not a scientist, I don't really understand and I don't think the real weather scientists do fully understand it either but at least they're getting better at predicting the path. So we we don't have we sell them ever have loss of life which is good.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's great. Yeah, I've never seen
SPEAKER_R: First
SPEAKER_L: like a tornado or anything like that. Um Yeah I remember learning about when I was a kid and I thought it was like the scariest thing ever.
SPEAKER_R: they it's pretty scary. I mean we get everybody gets real you know cavalier about it and you know they'll stand out on their porches and take pictures and things but when it's actually going over is absolutely just, I mean, you could feel that the fear, you know, take over for a few minutes there, but okay. You know, it's, it's gonna be something everywhere. You know, everybody's got some either blizzards or extremely high heat or floods or something. So,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true. Um Yeah I have a friend in Arizona and I I could see myself living in Arizona but the heat is and see like it gets to like 105 here for a few days in a row. But I had a friend who went to a S. U. And she she came back home and her like sneakers had melted like every day they had melted a little bit on the way to school and yeah uh the rubber had just like melted or
SPEAKER_R: People believe me when I tell them that because we lived in Nevada when I was a kid and in Oklahoma, there's a really high humidity here and people are always like, oh yeah, we'll talk. But it's a dry heat. It doesn't matter if you're shooting the melting on the pavement. It is too hot.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, caring about the humidity. I mean, yeah, when it's like in the 90s, that makes a difference. But once it gets into triple digits, that low humidity doesn't really help that much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I like the desert though. I, I missed it. I liked lizards and you know, those kinds of things. When I, when I retire, I'm planning to go back to Vegas and retire somewhere in that area of southern Nevada.
SPEAKER_L: Uh That looks, that sounds so nice. I heard someone, I was watching someone on Youtube and they described how fascinated they were with Vegas. Just the idea of this like crazy, you know, it's like an oasis in every sense. It's just in the middle of the desert and it's um abundance and yeah and I never had thought about it that way, but I think that's where you know a lot of people's fascination with Vegas comes from for.
SPEAKER_R: it's, they have extreme poverty to, I mean there are people who live in the tunnels there then they have to, because it is a desert and there's no place when it rains when it finally does rain, there's no place for the water to soak in. So there's a lot of flash flooding. So they have built tunnels to deal with that. But people live in those because most of the year they're dry and then it starts raining. They have to scramble
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: mom.
SPEAKER_R: get those people out and they will, they will go around in the casinos. Excuse me. And they'll go around the casinos and take the cash that people have left behind. Of course, there's not as much of it anymore now that everything's electronic, but still there's a little bit of cash, you know, or they have a ticket with a little bit on it, so people have learned that and if there's a ticket just has a little bit on it instead of going and standing in line to cash it and I'll just leave it because they know somebody's gonna get it who needs it, you know?
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And then they have the labor union out there which has made I think when it first started, it was a great thing, but after time goes on, sometimes those labor unions end up hurting the very people they were created to help and it has made things kind of hard for People in the uh who want to work in the casinos and all that, which that's like the most obvious job. It has made it kind of hard for some of them. But then but then again it's good for the ones who are getting older because it used to be the casinos would um you know they would want to hire everybody who looked like they were 22 and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true.
SPEAKER_R: nobody looks that age for very long you know So I don't know it's it's take the good with the bad I guess.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Um There's a store, well we have like a grocery outlet store um and everyone who works there is always like um you know, they always talk about how much they like it and there's never any turnover. There is always the same people there, but they always have protesters because the chain doesn't allow unionizing or like they haven't allowed unions. But then like I've interviewed and seen the local stores that do allow unions and like there's like no one that works there for more than a month. So I'm just thinking I don't know, maybe don't protest at this store. Maybe it's about to other locations. Strange.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know I have mixed feelings on that. I think I think it gets bad when um when the labor unions began to abuse the
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: actual people that they were formed to create. That's that's the only thing that bothers me and I understand I mean they formed for a reason you know they're trying to solve a problem so and I guess it does solve certain problems. I don't know I'm not I'm not pro labor or anything like that. I just or anti or you know, it's just it has made a big change in las Vegas from when I lived out there. Of course when I lived out there in the mob, Brandon
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: ran, This was in the they really did, I mean you see that movies, but this was really true and uh you know, this was in the early 70s by the time I was old enough to remember anything and yeah, the mob ran it but they didn't um they would clash with the, you know, this was at the end of the the Vietnam era and all that. And so there were a lot of um soldiers who came home from Vietnam and they were on drugs by the time they got home or or after they got home they needed to self Medicaid and they would join up with the biker gangs because that was like a safe haven for them, many of them by the time they would have warrants out because they had tried to rob some place to get food or you know, just different things like that or they'd be in trouble for the drugs. So these biker kings were formed in, the mob would clash with the biker kings, but as long as you, um, I mean it was, it was Mother and Me a lot by ourselves and we were never bothered by anybody. And I mean, you just, you just mind your own business and I don't know, we were so used to it that we didn't really think much about it, you know? But I don't know, it's just odd, but it's changed a lot out there and I don't know how some of it has probably changed for the better, but I still want to go back though. Yeah, I want to go back to the to the drier climate and a place where people are at least always trying to better themselves, you know, people go out there because they think they're going to um hopefully make some money and you know, things are going to grow and that's just I like that environment. So I'm here in Oklahoma now because of my uh my parents are elderly and they kind of settled into where they are and they aren't going to, they are going to leave, so I'll be here as long as thanking me after that, I'm gonna sell everything and move out face right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we might move soon. Um somewhere out there. My boyfriend is a well, it's interesting, he got a degree both in mechanical engineering and aerospace engineering and he accidentally found himself in electrical engineering, which he does not want to be in. And he really for years he really, really wanted to get an aerospace job and he would get really close and not get it. And he just feels like really down for a while and then this whole thing happened and he told me like, you know, if I had gotten one of those aerospace jobs, I would have been laid off because it would have been an entry level job. So it was, it was some weird like, you know, thank goodness he didn't get that, like what he was so sad about for so long. Um And now he's starting to look at other options and of course like mechanical engineering, it's usually except for like a few companies, it's like all in the midwest southern States, so
SPEAKER_R: Around Austin and Houston and all that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um But yeah, we we've always looked at moving um possibly stem.
SPEAKER_R: People who are really like uh the L. A culture seemed to also really like Austin, it's very um progressive and um like whatever you're into find somebody there who you know, you can find a tribe. Um There it's it's uh real supportive of the arts and all that and then also really supportive of the sciences and um be a place to look. And I know the the cost of living is a lot better in text. Just make sure when you do go there. Um And this is serious, make sure that you look uh moved either rent or if you're going to buy move to high ground because that that area floods a lot. Yeah. And you don't want to have to be you know, vacating once you're trying to hear.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true. Yeah, he's he's not really into the idea of texas, I don't know why like Mhm. Um But yeah I'd love to go there. I was gonna go actually wearing the shirt right now from the tour I was gonna go to Baylor. Um and it didn't work out. It's funny when I was 18 I toured there in the game of this shirt and um I really liked it and uh I was actually like emailing with the professor there and then but then they was private, it's private. They couldn't really give us much aid or like it was expensive so we needed aid and then so me and my mom called them again and again, they're like can you give me more aid? And they're like no sorry that's like fixed. Um And then I rescinded my or like I rejected the admission and then they called us like someone else from the school called us and they're like is the problem more aid we can get you more? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: No, it's okay. But yeah. All right. But whatever I
SPEAKER_R: let
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: me funny wind up teaching there after all this uh huh
SPEAKER_L: California is crazy with
SPEAKER_R: goal
SPEAKER_L: education in the teaching credential and stuff. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: your boyfriend might like Austin if if he's not too crazy about texas because it's kind of a whole different, it's kind of a small California in the middle of the midwest. So
SPEAKER_L: He's he's really into like guns and stuff and he like doesn't like it here because of however things always change. Like the rules are always switching around. So it's weird that he's not into texas. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, maybe that seems a little too extreme actually. Get down there though. It's it's different. I mean it's there it's so big, you know, it's there there's something for everybody. Of course there's the, anytime you get most of your, I don't I don't know where he gets his information. I'm not making that assumption that I know that in the past I have gotten most of my information about a place from tv or movies or whatever and they just will show the extremes, you know and they don't show the normal people just living their lives and that's what most people do and no matter where you live, I see you have a kitty cat back there. Keep photo bombing run.
SPEAKER_L: two cats. Oh yeah, we've someone and there's
SPEAKER_R: pretty chill, aren't
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: they?
SPEAKER_L: the one on the couch. The black. Yeah, they're crazy.
SPEAKER_R: that's cute. I keep thinking I need to get a pet but then I'm not really sure what's going to happen with my living situation. I might need to go stay with my parents and they will not tolerate at an animal in the house so
SPEAKER_L: hurry
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: up.
SPEAKER_R: know what to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Maybe you can foster kittens or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's not a bad idea. A friend of mine, Tasha got her chihuahua, she was sponsoring dogs and and then she just couldn't find a suitable home for this one and now she's had him for about eight years and she just loves him. I don't know what she's gonna do it this time because he is like her other you know her husband died. She got him, she started doing that after her husband died. She looked older than I am. I worry about her sometimes just pray for Pablo to the chihuahua, just praying for him and keeps hanging in there. Yeah, but yeah, fostering that would be a good idea because then there wouldn't except in extreme cases like Pablo wouldn't be that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Do you want to conclude the chat?
SPEAKER_R: Um, I guess we are about there, aren't we? That went by fast. Okay. Well it's been nice to have continue
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: good luck with your whatever you end up doing next. I know this is trading this pandemic is going on much longer than we wanted it to. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: totally. Alright. Hope you have a great day. Um Do we just like press the X. Like close it out and that's it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Just close out of here and then there will be um the questions really do take about 15, 20 minutes. So, but you won't need your audio or anything.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Have a great
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: day was so
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: talking to you
SPEAKER_R: Nice to talk to you too. Bye
SPEAKER_L: fine.