we do.
All right. So
this microphone is really can be really quiet. That's why I don't usually use it, but I guess my computer prefers it right now.
I'm good. How are you, have you ever done like this survey?
Yeah. So what are you doing? What's the plan today? Foreign
well.
Yeah. Um, what do you do for art? Mostly
New
Orleans?
Um, so I'm credential to teach english, but I never like applied to any jobs. I was just like a substitute and of course that ended and so I jumped around a few jobs and right now I'm a tutor. Um, yeah, Michael back to subbing if that doesn't work out, but
Yeah, I think my district has opened up. I, I can see them closing down again. Um, and a couple other districts will be opening up in january for in person, so it'll it'll be nice to go back to that. It's very chill to just be a substitute. Yeah. And sometimes I like stream, well a few times a week I stream like video games online and that's like a little bit of money. Thank
you.
Yeah. Right. It's on twitch. Yeah.
it
it's just, you know, like people, they want someone who's there at a certain time, maybe playing the game that they like and, or game that looks nice on the screen and sometimes they just
want to, they just like the idea of someone being live um while they're doing work or something like that or they like to talk to you and yeah, they Will subscribe for like $5 a month or they'll like give you these things called bits, like on twitch, There's um, they'll give you bits and I I know what it's like um to be the viewer over the pandemic. I worked at the amazon warehouse and we had like a bunch of like mandatory 11 hour shifts in a row and it was so awful because they would make you take your lunch break, like exactly halfway through the day, which is horrible to just think like, okay, after this, I have to work for 5.5 hours straight with no break. All right, let's go. So then I found a streamer and um, I would sit in the break room and like listen to him and then I would like send him some bits and like here how happy he was to get bits and like, I would like feel really nice. So that's I know what it's like uh to have that sort of comfort. Um Yeah I mean it's not there are times when something like that can be unhealthy but you know like you've heard of like para social relationships and people who rely on others and think that they know someone when they really don't. Yeah because some of these streamers, they have like thousands of people watching them and then a lot of people watching them will think that they're friends with the streamer when and like give them money, like lots of money and yeah that can be a lot but yeah it's it's really fun and I hope that you know it doesn't ever really turn into anything negative, I don't know but it's nice.
Yeah it's interesting and there are a lot more people are doing that since you know lockdown and stuff, people are just finding more time to just finish video games and decided to stream it. But
Yeah I hear about some really bad like toxicity in one game that I don't play usually it's the first person shooters. Do you know what like um where? Yeah female. A girl will especially if there's voice chat and you can hear them you know they're a girl um will like be well like defeat a guy and then he will get like I've never experienced this, I don't play those. He'll just go like crazy. Sometimes he'll even if he finds out through the voice chat that she's streaming he'll like find her stream and start just harassing her on there and then she'll block him and then he'll make other accounts. It's like yeah but it's usually really young like boys who don't really have anything else to do so they have the time for something like that. Um But yeah sometimes I don't know I've never experienced anything like that, but apparently it's still bad on that front, but yeah it's definitely uh getting better. Yeah.
Um I decided to play Fantasy RPGS um like Skyrim and um basically just you know you make a character and you do quests and follow a story. Um Yeah that that's like sort of my thing, I do really want because I want to be like a fantasy novelist. Um And I'm steady, I'm trying to have that be my focus for grad school right now, I'm in a literature
M. A. Program so I wanted that to be my focus and kind of have that be part of my studies like super informally and like also give me
like the opportunity to talk about the books that I'm reading and what I'm studying during the streams because it can be difficult to find figure out what to talk about for hours and hours.
Yeah, so
California, what about you?
Um So I'm in the foothills, so we get all the smoke and ash, but there's no like danger, it's usually like around us. Um So this year it wasn't even bad, but I think I was more sensitive to it this year, so um just uh it's always so dry during the summers and then like the smoke will just like It's weird, it's like 0% humidity and then the smoke comes in and it feels like it's like negative 100% humidity, it's so much worse. Um Yeah, but it's better now.
No one likes.
Oh, that's good, yeah, the whole country has been like crazy um Mhm. Got in terms of the weather.
Oh that's great. Yeah, I've never seen
like a tornado or anything like that. Um Yeah I remember learning about when I was a kid and I thought it was like the scariest thing ever.
Yeah that's true. Um Yeah I have a friend in Arizona and I I could see myself living in Arizona but the heat is and see like it gets to like 105 here for a few days in a row. But I had a friend who went to a S. U. And she she came back home and her like sneakers had melted like every day they had melted a little bit on the way to school and yeah uh the rubber had just like melted or
Yeah. Oh my gosh.
Yeah that's true. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh That looks, that sounds so nice. I heard someone, I was watching someone on Youtube and they described how fascinated they were with Vegas. Just the idea of this like crazy, you know, it's like an oasis in every sense. It's just in the middle of the desert and it's um abundance and yeah and I never had thought about it that way, but I think that's where you know a lot of people's fascination with Vegas comes from for.
My
mom.
interesting. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, that's true.
definitely. Um There's a store, well we have like a grocery outlet store um and everyone who works there is always like um you know, they always talk about how much they like it and there's never any turnover. There is always the same people there, but they always have protesters because the chain doesn't allow unionizing or like they haven't allowed unions. But then like I've interviewed and seen the local stores that do allow unions and like there's like no one that works there for more than a month. So I'm just thinking I don't know, maybe don't protest at this store. Maybe it's about to other locations. Strange.
And
All
Yeah, we might move soon. Um somewhere out there. My boyfriend is a well, it's interesting, he got a degree both in mechanical engineering and aerospace engineering and he accidentally found himself in electrical engineering, which he does not want to be in. And he really for years he really, really wanted to get an aerospace job and he would get really close and not get it. And he just feels like really down for a while and then this whole thing happened and he told me like, you know, if I had gotten one of those aerospace jobs, I would have been laid off because it would have been an entry level job. So it was, it was some weird like, you know, thank goodness he didn't get that, like what he was so sad about for so long. Um And now he's starting to look at other options and of course like mechanical engineering, it's usually except for like a few companies, it's like all in the midwest southern States, so
Um But yeah, we we've always looked at moving um possibly stem.
Yeah, that's true. Yeah, he's he's not really into the idea of texas, I don't know why like Mhm. Um But yeah I'd love to go there. I was gonna go actually wearing the shirt right now from the tour I was gonna go to Baylor. Um and it didn't work out. It's funny when I was 18 I toured there in the game of this shirt and um I really liked it and uh I was actually like emailing with the professor there and then but then they was private, it's private. They couldn't really give us much aid or like it was expensive so we needed aid and then so me and my mom called them again and again, they're like can you give me more aid? And they're like no sorry that's like fixed. Um And then I rescinded my or like I rejected the admission and then they called us like someone else from the school called us and they're like is the problem more aid we can get you more? Okay.
No, it's okay. But yeah. All right. But whatever I
was
California is crazy with
education in the teaching credential and stuff. Mm hmm.
He's he's really into like guns and stuff and he like doesn't like it here because of however things always change. Like the rules are always switching around. So it's weird that he's not into texas. Yeah.
two cats. Oh yeah, we've someone and there's
are
the one on the couch. The black. Yeah, they're crazy.
hurry
up.
Yeah. Maybe you can foster kittens or something like that.
All right. Do you want to conclude the chat?
Thank
you.
totally. Alright. Hope you have a great day. Um Do we just like press the X. Like close it out and that's it.
All right. Have a great
day was so
talking to you
fine.